Meghalaya has been achieved through a long struggle to demand self-government according to the wisdom of the villagers, but it has not been so and the reason is because the villagers have been deceived. There are no national parties.
Regarding the passage of the Bill into law, Mawsor denied that the opposition was also involved. Our opposition has always opposed it," he said.
If the government wants to help these farmers, who live from the cultivation of tyrpad and synsar, it needs, it needs to open their market and it should also set up factories, which can run these farmers. for example, to make musla, or to make dawa from tyrpad leaf and then to cut the synsar and sell the finished goods. This will be a blessing to the farmers, as they will get more income.
The Free Movement Regime (FMR) allows people to move freely for 16 kilometers in parts of the two countries.
The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has already informed all the police stations in Meghalaya and neighboring states for the search for Bah Teiborlin Sangriang.
Intercultural learning experience.
In 2013, besides the UDP, the NPP, and the GNC also joined the Opposition.
The taxi drivers have lodged a complaint with the High Court and this has shown that they are challenging the order of the High Court and are still waiting for any outcome but this month the order will be implemented.
On the NIA chargesheet against the three HNLC leaders, the Prime Minister said, “This is an independent investigation and will not affect the peace talks between the HNLC and the Government.
Ernest said that despite many requests, the Government has not been able to do anything on this demand of the BJP. (CBI) on the allegation of misuse of funds worth billions of rupees in the GHADC and JHADC which has been allocated by the Central Government through the Special Assistant Grant (SAG).
Marak, who was once the Principal and Chief Conservator of Forests in Meghalaya, has been instrumental in education and environmental conservation.
He said that we always hope for good luck which means that we rely on the book of fate and not on hard work.
“The fourth is the failure of the State Government during the North Eastern Regulation, then the Chandrachud Commission 1975-1976, when Mawtamur should have been given. some parts of Bakhlapara, Jimrigoan and other places.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw expressed his gratitude to the school principals, including the teachers, for organizing this game for the students. opportunity for students to develop and showcase their talents.
Even the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that if these schemes are implemented, the state will fall into the trap of financial crisis like what happened to West Bengal.
On the other hand, the KSU on this issue urges the Minister to fight hard to complete the construction of the college as soon as possible so that it will be of great benefit to the students of the state especially those who come. from poorer families and those who cannot afford to send them to study abroad.
So the hope is not tomorrow, nor today, nor tomorrow.
Ankit Kumar Ojha of Golflink XI Stars was awarded the Man of the Match award for four wickets.
Shillong, Jymmang, 14: “I have faith, hope and confidence that the people will not leave me especially that I have never broken my promise, I have never backed down even though I have to stand alone to speak to them. “I have never deviated from the foundation and I have never been involved in the issues of the nation,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The teachers said that the government has been silent on the grievances of the teachers who have gone out from time to time to express their grievances, despite the problems faced by the teachers. They work hard to fulfill their responsibilities for the welfare of the students.
According to information received by Mawphor, in these days there have been allegations that theft and robbery are still rampant in the Nongpoh area and this is suspected to be the involvement of those youths who addicted to drugs.
He said that if there is any illegal activity, the people should inform the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action.
According to police sources, this man had spread a post on social media urging the people to protest and attacked the residence of the Prime Minister in Tura.
In the Women's Single, Elsarica Umdor won the title by defeating Larihun Warjri.
The same can be seen in the recent recruitment call at CAU where 43% are Un-reserved, 26% are OBC, 14% are EWS, 12% are SC and only 4% are ST. Of course, these campuses are not all in Meghalaya, but those who will be employed here in our state should take action to provide the opportunity to the youth, who have completed their education, to become employees. scientist and teacher.
The HNLC also urged all the civil society organizations to unite to take action on this issue for the benefit of the Hynniewtrep people.
“I think so because it’s now over 27 years.
Jowai, Nailar 29 : The All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) will hold a public rally on 01/09/2022 at 11:00 pm. College.
Furthermore, it is prohibited to play music or any other sounds near schools and schools, health centers and also in villages and townships around the city especially after 10 o'clock. afternoon
These children together with the coach will leave today 26th October 2022 from their home state to Jharkhand.
Mizoram started the innings with 77 runs, but was replaced by Joshi who took five wickets for 42 runs in 10 overs.
We will receive all the information and figures, and we have requested the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) and DERT to provide us with the information so that we can get complete information and better understanding of this mat.
“It is not that the Aquaculture Mission is not working well,” he said.
If the government allows such a blind increase in the price of meat or jhur, it will not be long before the price of pork will reach 500 tyngka per kilo and jhur will also increase by hundreds of dollars.
For the first time in history, India's men's team won the International Thomas Cup by beating 14-time world champions Indonesia.
The Minister said the government has taken this decision after careful consideration.
To be free and to have the power, opportunity and opportunity to earn a living, to buy and sell and to manage and define their own income.
Other speakers were Dr E Lyngdoh and other elders of the area.
Tomi Lamare scored a hat-trick (49, 59 & 63).
On the other hand, the union would like to thank Bah J.Thyrniang, Sub Divisional School Education Officer, for understanding this issue and for promising to send this complaint to the union. office of the Director of School Education and Literacy.
However, the signs of the old village remain today such as the walls of the houses, the seats and others.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal of Sacred Heart Boys HSS, Father Alistair S. Marwein, Father Reverend Ophindro Lyngkot, Father Ioannis War Pakma, former Principal of the school, parents and students. .
Nongpoh: The 3rd AHOR 4×4 Off-road Challenge (AHOR) has been organized by the Adventurous Hynniewtrep Off-Roaders (AHOR). The ceremony was held on Saturday at Umtham Village, Kharsati Park, Ri Bhoi District.
Referring to the visit to the tournament, Ri-ioh said that she has been prepared because as a referee she has been training well for 10 years because in this job she understands that she doesn't have to be a referee. It is not known when the AIFF and AFC will invite skilled referees to conduct any tournaments.
The group invites all the paid intellectuals, workers or leaders of any political party or members of any Hima party whether it is a Riewlum party or not to attend this meeting. The meeting will be held on the 21st of November at 12:30 pm at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Shillong, July 18: Members of the Mylliem Youth Congress (MYC) have sent a letter to the Mylliem Youth Congress (MYC) On Saturday, the road was repaired at Lad Umdiengpun, 7th March, Upper Shillong.
The Aadhvika National Award is an annual award given to women by the Public Relation Council of India (PRCI) and this time the Public Relation Officer of USTM has also awarded it to women. She received the award for her work at the USTM, Meghalaya.
In a statement, the GNLA through Western Range Commander Hedio C Momin alias Karak Momin, said that it has abducted the BDO for lying to the Prime Minister that he has received T. 40 crore for cleaning the road in Chokpot has been taken by the GNLA. “We have not taken any money from the BDO yet.
The entry of foreigners into the state to work is not because they want to but because the villagers have opened the way for them to come.
Near Barik Point is Lady Hydari Park.
Ardent has been protesting since 23rd June after the government ignored the demand for the Reservation Policy in the state.
As usual every year, there will be competitions prepared by the children of the Sein Raij such as Rwai, Siaw, Pliang, Phawer, Kynhoi, Mawpoin, Siat Knam, Quiz, Debate, Dance, Traditional Music and others to preserve the culture and traditions of the Hyniew Trep people.
However, know that until this moment the Jaidbynriew is still fighting against many kinds of wars that come to destroy the Jaidbynriew and the KSU calls upon you all to be strong. intelligent and farsighted by putting the Jaidbynriew first in all these things.
In the letter, he urged the Governor not to accept the suggestion of the Cabinet to appoint Irene Lyngdoh as MDC.
Therefore, no one can be judged about the durim or judged the value of any skilled in the field of durim.
He stressed the need to set up an NCC training academy in Meghalaya for the purpose of training as cadets and to set up camps.
He said that the Ministry of Agriculture has not explained whether the LSD disease can be cured or not so that the people will not be afraid and willing to eat meat.
The production of dewbilat at the factory is 12000 metric tonnes and has dropped to 5000 to 6000 metric tonnes per annum due to the deterioration of equipment.
“The electricity has become like a disco light, sometimes it burns and sometimes it goes out which has affected our reading,” said another student J Tariang and urged MeECL to provide electricity in the area.
He said the Congress MDCs have not yet withdrawn their support to the PDF and are still in the EC.
The Meghalaya High Court in an order issued in March, has directed the KHADC to complete the work within three months.
Both the teams, who are looking forward to qualifying for the I-League, have already met twice before this match in the group stage of the qualifying tournament, in The match in Shillong ended in a draw, while Lajong lost in the match in Kolkata.
A petrol truck (AS 26C 3817) overturned at Mawblei near a petrol pump and damaged two small vehicles.
Matchbox Twenty' has announced its new album and at the same time the plan to tour around the summer months.
They provided books, uniforms, lunch and provided a vehicle to transport them to the difficult places.
When asked whether there is a demand for a change of leadership in the state which was raised recently before Faleiro left the state, he said, “I have heard from you now. It's something I've never heard of before, the first time I've heard of it,” replied Narayanasamy.
Aloe Vera gel is a type of ingredient that doesn't clean and works quickly, so it can be applied several times a day.
Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma and 11 other MLAs have sent a letter to the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh informing him that they have left the Congress.
When God says “the wise” He does not mean those who have ranks or degrees.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the reason why the government has taken this step is because of the fear of losing the election and not because it listens to the voice of the people.
Ghajini is a Hindi remake of one of the Tamil films and it is also a very beautiful film.
He has also represented Meghalaya twice in the Sub Junior National Archery Championship in 2021 and
Speaking to reporters, he said that the new law has been passed in Nongkynrih, Laitlyngkot, Pynursla, Dawki, Mawjrong and Sohra.
They were arrested on charges of involvement in the petrol bomb blast at a shop belonging to Bisheshwar Das (58) on 16th November last year in Bishnupur. , in which the shopkeeper succumbed to his injuries.
32,700/- was also distributed as a donation to the family.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of her nomination papers, Kong Biolinda said that after her defeat in 2018, she has come forward again to contest again this time. She said that the leader elected by the people of Mawthadraishan in the past five years has done his best to help the constituency but has not been able to meet the other needs of the constituency. It is for this reason that it will stand up again and fight so that when it reaches its goal, it will fulfill the shortcomings of this constituency as a whole.
Nongpoh, July 31: To ensure that there will be no violation of the Model Code of Conduct and also to ensure the smooth running of the election in Ri Bhoi. The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and also in accordance with Chapter-X Para 10.4.1 of the Handbook for Returning Officers There is one committee known as the Ri Bhoi District Level Standing Committee.
After the inspection, the shortcomings have been corrected thanks to the hard work of the PHE officers. What is more interesting is that this scheme has been decided by the PHE department to deliver water to every household. funded by the State Government and has been rescheduled from November
After the meeting, u Sniawbha visited Khanduli to inspect the situation and the village leaders also urged as soon as possible to bring peace and stability in these areas.
In the men's category, Shillong College beat Jaintia Eastern College 96-13, North-East Adventist College beat Nongstoin College 52-37 and St. Anthony's College beat Goodwill College 52-3 99-01, St. Edmund's College beat Byndihati 63-50, Synod College beat Sankerdev College 46-20 and NEHU, Shillong beat Kiang Nangbah College 4-2 27–17.
Iongnoh is less than 6 km from Syntu Ksiar via Chyrmang but it is a backward village in all aspects even though it is located in Khapsor.
The incident happened at about 2 pm at a house near Wah Myntdu opposite the PHE Store, Jowai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the youths, who did not want to be named, said that he was surprised that he did not appear in the police results announced recently. Those who have been selected for the interview for the post of Driver Constable.
The bapli remains a paid knup paid trap who is humble and cannot have his own proper land, where he can cultivate and raise his own livestock.
Many children will be tempted if many do not supply this.
“We will not be able to continue our protest after the Meghalaya government has not kept its promise or listened to our demand to repair all the damaged parts of the NH All the damaged parts of the road from Mookyndur to Malidor,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO-Sengkmie.
The DGP of Chhattisgarh has sent a letter to the Director General of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) demanding an inquiry into the killing of three civil society leaders in Bastar. police officials said Friday.
“We have collected samples from the scene to send for forensics to confirm whether there has been any incident of violence or hostility to the school,” said SP (City) Vivek Syiem.
“The kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our Lord and of His Christ, and He shall reign forever and ever” Revelation 11:1
This explanation will prevent the infection of these items by those who may be infected and those who may be infected by those who bring these items home.
In this regard, it cannot be said that the government has been encouraging the people to preserve the environment by planting trees every year on the occasion of World Environment Day and has spent money. also through the MNREGS scheme, that all Area Employment Councils and Village Employment Councils in different villages of all districts should plant trees.
The Commission has also sent a letter to the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya to send a report on the investigation into the incident within 15 days.
If we turn it into a political activity, the worst suffering will be for the Bapli people living on the border with Assam”.
Also present on the occasion were the District Medical and Health Officer, Dr. Evalyneda BB Laloo, doctors and staff nurses of MCH Panaliar, Jowai and others.
The UDP has now increased its number of MDCs to five after the joining of Laitumkhrah MDC who has defected from the BJP and is also a close friend of Bah Pynshngaiñ in the KHADC. The UDP has five MDCs and the NPP has four MDCs in the 29-member Assembly. Belgium beat Japan in the World Cup in Russia.
The no confidence motion has been sent to the Speaker of the House but the Speaker of the House, Mondal, today said that whether to accept or reject the motion, it will be decided in the House to be held in on Tuesday.
Dipankar Barua was named Man of the Match.
Many of the demands that have been demanded and others, but until now the government has ignored, but this now which is the right of the people and the youth, they will demand until they get it. On the 1st of July this year, they submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
He said that the APL in Muktapur has been handed over to Bangladesh by the Government of India.
He said the Assam government should issue a strict order to its people living in the border areas not to give them guns.
“The minister has said that the government has no intention of implementing the MUDA Building Act in Nongstoin,” said HYC-NC President Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh.
The MLA said that it is difficult for all the youth to get government jobs and urged the youth not to rely only on government jobs because even their own jobs are difficult. it is the only way to meet the needs'
At the same time, it demanded that the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma should immediately remove the Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh for an independent investigation.
In the 60th minute, Bapherbak Nonglang scored the first goal for Wahkaji. The foundation of this team is to win the victory on this day.
This is according to a statement sent by D.Thongni, Secretary, UDP Shillong Area Unit.
Why did you go like this? What is the danger to us in the years to come and especially to the future generations? The reasons for this are many.
After the news of the SSLC 2024 examination especially the subject Social Sciences on the last day of the examination (15-03-2034), we have seen in the media The MBOSE through the Controller of Examinations has explained that the reason for the difficulties faced by the students who sit for the SSLC Exam 2024 in Social Sciences is because there are some schools have not updated their new textbooks.
Khliehriat, November 04: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: After many years of waiting for a proper Dorbar Hall, the Nongkhrah Village Council in Ri-Bhoi District today inaugurated the Dorbar Hall. you don't village you don't thaw.
Even if the Delhi government does not provide any more money, it should clarify that even if it provides less, the government should ask for it to meet the needs of the people.
and it was a great benefit and not the fault of the legislators at that time.
The DSO office has requested all schools in South West Khasi Hills District who wish to take part in this tournament to collect their registration forms from the office of the DSO, SWKHD on working days.
If any ADC decides that it does not need to remove or create constituencies, next year's MDC elections will be held as in the old constituencies,” said the DCA Minister. The 6th Scheduled does not require the establishment of a Delimitation Commission (DC).
He urged the people to be patient in this situation.
When asked about the leaders who will join the BJP, he said, “We don't want to say yet but those who join will be in such a way that we can lead the government in the state”.
“If this can be implemented in the health department, we can also implement it in the transportation of agricultural products.
At the same time, he said that the price of wild sohmrit is very expensive, but now it is only T.530 per kilo in Mawsynram and T.550 per kilo in Shillong.
Hep now began to believe that it was Bah Lait who came and not Kthaw.
Shillong: There have been 73 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases undergoing treatment to
Shillong: There have been 457 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today.
Shillong, March 3: Shillong Police have arrested 26 persons for allegedly robbing and robbing the Shillong Police Station last night. those who sleep inside the car, those who drive in the car, and those who sleep on the roads.
The death toll has dropped to 938 from 938 yesterday, but it is the second death toll since the beginning of the outbreak.
The AITC on Thursday also criticized the backwardness and deterioration of roads in the constituency of James PK Sangma and Bah Nujorki Sungoh.
At the same time, you can also download it from here or search for it in the Playstore by typing – Ka Bible Pnar.
“This is a good step to address this issue, as all political parties will be able to participate in the discussions in this committee,” said Bah Hek.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit has convened a public meeting of the two villages of Lawbah and Mawlongbna on the 22nd of this month to discuss the issue. Nine people including women were injured in the attack in the area known as Rithang which has been used as a place of conflict between them.
The wicketkeeper, who will not play in the coming days after his accident, is another batsman of the team who has reached the top 10 and is now ranked seventh.
He said that before he became Minister, the staff of NAAC had visited the college but thanks to the hard work of the management, the college has received Grade-B which is also the first time among the colleges. those in the rural areas.
On the allegation by Bah Lapang that many of the older members who have left the party or have been dismissed, Dr. Celestine said that until now the people whom Bah Lapang has named They are still in the Congress party and are still working hard for the party like Ambika Soni, Sushil Kumar Shinde, Digvijya Singh, Janadhan Dwivedi and others.
Babar expressed his disappointment after his fellow Congress leaders did not support his remarks and many of them did not like Babar's remarks. and Rashid Masood who said that you can eat ja kdang in Delhi for only T.5 tyngka.
Like ethnic differences, religious differences have been the cause of these terrible wars, conflicts and bloodshed.
Many times we see that children as young as one or two years old have mobile phones and many of the caregivers cannot track which sites they visit, but we are proud that our children know how to use mobile phones. phone is not pushed.
Prestone's remarks came after Voice of the People Party (VPP) spokesperson Batskhem Myrboh in a statement denied the allegation by NPP leader Pynïaid Sing Syiem that the VPP has come to Bah Batskhem said that all these are lies without any connection with the truth and the VPP demands that evidence should be produced that those who went to shout 'Ha U Prah' they are members of the organization or they have been appointed.
The High Court has said that it is no longer happy to trust the state police and has urged the Central Government to deploy police to patrol the roads to stop trucks. who carry coal illegally.
Nongpoh: Leaders of four political parties in Ri Bhoi, including the KSU, RBYF, FKJGP and HNYF, have vowed to take strong action if the MDA government hands over to foreign companies to run the The Umtru Power Station is located at Narbong, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the criticism of the TMC's WE and MYE card, Banerjee said the fact is that lakhs of people who have registered on this card is a sign of grief. to seek assistance and the inability of the present government to look after the problems of the people of the state.
On the other hand, he also warned the contractors who carry out any works in Iewduh not to throw garbage to other places or who pollute the land of others or any contractors who Those who work in the market should clean up the garbage and should not pass the garbage to others and if found guilty of doing wrong, they will be summoned to appear before the Dorbar.
The policy is to provide a theme and the work will continue from time to time.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 16: The government has set up a police station in Langpih for six years, but until now the police station is still lacking in terms of accommodation, working room and detention facilities. Those who have been arrested and even the number of police from constables (AB) (UB) to higher authorities is still very low.
The area of ​​Motphran, Mawlong Market and Khyndai Lad is the home of street vendors who station themselves on the footpaths.
Shillong: Ka Lawei ba phyrnai, today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, admitting that he, who is a member of the party, was a former teacher, who was allowed to They said that the union is a union of teachers who have thrown away their uniforms and have used AK
The city's fire department overnight reported 17 injuries from Sunday night's incident.
What is surprising is why the Weigh Brigade of the Transport Department at Amsarin and Byrnihat have released these trucks.
Instead of taking action on the CBI report, the government has set up its own HLSC committee which has cleared the government ministers and politicians.
In the girls' category, East Khasi Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 3-1
He said that the rally at Madan Student on 31st July will be his last opportunity to speak as a politician and he has also taken a big decision to leave politics.
He requested Bah Paul to help in the construction of this road, and also said that this road in these three villages also needs to be improved as tourists also come by bus. which are heavy vehicles and this road as of now is still narrow for heavy vehicles.
The office bearers of the KSU Umtngam unit include Ronald Shadap as President, Donborlang Mashli as Vice President, Joshwa Sten as General Secretary and other members.
Six years later, the house of Dorsingh Marwein and his wife Elizabeth Lyngdoh, the house of Borsingh Marwein and his wife Saphila Lyngdoh, came to the village.
In a statement, KJBWA Publicity Secretary Wankerlang Lamare said, “The smuggling of smuggled cattle to Bangladesh has reduced a lot for the locals who earn their living from this industry”.
The union said that Jaintia Hills is an area which does not have any premier institute despite the 50 years of independence.
The facility, which is residential, can accommodate up to 40 children under the age of 18 years but sometimes it is too late and sometimes it is too late.
The Minister said that intellectuals and colleges have also praised the NEP and said that this is a step forward in the field of meaningful education as it will pave the way for a meaningful future for the students.
“Many times we find that these rules apply only inside the city, because of the presence of traffic police around the area, while when we go further outside, the Traffic Police department can no longer put people, these rules they don't work, especially those who have two wheels.
Why on the 4th of June? 190 years ago in the 19th century on this day a fierce battle broke out between the East India Company and the Khasi Hills. under the leadership of the Khadsawphra Hima ruled by King Tirot Singh Syiemlieh.
Jerina Lamare, President of the KNGCSU, said that during the inspection, the Minister of Education said that the hostel for men and women will be opened in July. 19, and promised that the Higher Secondary Section will be relocated to Mynthong, Jowai next month.
Ribhoi District has 24 new cases, West Garo Hills has 40 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 6 cases and West Khasi Hills has 10 cases.
We cannot see any government school that can produce students in the Top 20 list or the top 20 list. private schools.
The CIB team led by SI Digambar Deka seized the two pistols and 10 rounds of ammunition.
Up to 21 students of Class VI to Class VIII of Kyntiew Shaphrang Higher Secondary School in Laitlyngkot have been arrested after taking Iron and Folic Acid, which is a blood medicine on the 29th of this month. November 2022 and these students had to be rushed to hospital.
In this match, Mawlai didn't sting against Mawkhar in strengthening the team, but failed to score.
The CM said that the media in the past had written that there was corruption of T.1300 crore in the Tourism Department but later they found that it was only T.13 crore and nothing. don't be faithful to anything corrupt.
B Shiva Kumar of Tamil Nadu finished in 10.37 seconds to win the gold medal in the 100m.
On the day when the district authorities and the Hima Mylliem last visited the Motphran Bridge, another demand was not met, as the people had already informed the Minister K. Langstieh, The demand will soon be raised by the shopkeepers on the Motphran Bridge, if there is any damage to their shops during the demolition of the Motphran Bridge.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Meghalaya Police are still in the dark about the disappearance of Lammidaki Rymbai, 24, of Iaiong, Jaintia Hills in Guwahati.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 731 new cases have been confirmed and there are 8025 active cases in the state.
Ricky Nongdhar won the gold medal in the 40 Kg category in the Sub Junior Boys E/K/H (St.Francis, Laitkor H/S).
The total cost of hosting the tournament has been increased to A$7 billion from A$5 billion. The two governments have said that they will not seek any assistance or support from the International Olympic Committee.
Nongstoiñ, March 12: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) in collaboration with the District Administration of West Khasi Hills District on Friday conducted a mock drill exercise related to the earthquake. Friday in Nongstoin, which is also part of the State Level Mock Exercise.
On the other hand, the College has held a program with various programs by the students of the College who have encouraged not only the Principal to retire, but all those who attended the ceremony. special honor.
The NHAI chief said that as of now, it will take only 40 to 45 days to complete, as the construction is going smoothly and the people working have been working tirelessly.
It is for this reason that nothing can be done to change anything else and it does not fit anymore because they have followed the custom of ai jait kheiñ jait from their mother.
In the first half, Boulaye Dia (Senegal) scored the first goal.
Shillong: An earthquake has struck Sunapur village in East Jaintia Hills near Mandir on Saturday night.
“This order will affect the police department in the state, it is a shame for the police department because the work they should have done now has to be handed over to the central police forces. “The police department in the state has not taken any action, and when they are in uniform they have the power to curb illegal activities, and mining and smuggling of coal is illegal how can they,” he added. .
Regarding the rally between the leaders of Raid Madan Kyrdem and the office bearers of the villages under the Raid, for the repair of the road, Bah Pholning Makdoh, Sirdar of Raid Madan Kyrdem, said that They wanted to do this voluntarily after they saw that the road has become very bad and has caused problems to the people in the area.
Khliehriat June 02 : The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that it will hold a dance competition and at the same time a fete. participate in this competition which will be held on June 8, 2023, at the Eastside Inn.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Shillong on Tuesday took action in connection with a complaint lodged by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) against the Chief of Police of Pynursla Police Station for allegedly The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has been arrested on Saturday.
On the occasion, the MLA of Sohra constituency, Bah Titosstar Well Chyne, said that education is the foundation of our country and no one can destroy it.
He said that the people are now facing many problems in their work due to the lack of certificates from the Rangbah Shnongs , but the passage of these two Bills is an empowerment to the Rangbah Shnongs the Rangbah Shnong by law.
Kynsai War and Herman are the ones who collect money in the name of the Seng, especially from the Dkhars, as we have learned and the money is distributed among themselves,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum. Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. Bah Che is not involved in the activities of the party, but he is only a mediator between the party and the SB and IB. They will set up their own investigation team to find out whether Bah Che is involved with the Seng.
With this, the game became quiet and both sides struggled to score.
In another development, the SKRS of Jaintia Hills has informed and urged each Rangbah Shnong in various Dorbar Shnongs in Jaintia Hills to announce and invite the villages to come to Shillong. on 05th November, 2015 to give its full support to the Union of Village Authorities of Khasi Jaintia Hills (SNSBH).
Shillong: The KJCLF strongly condemns the violence against Christians along with the damage to churches and sacred objects.
On the other hand, the JSM congratulates the MLA of Jowai for his initiative to bring good roads in Jowai and other villages in Jowai Constituency. and believes that through the hard work of the MLA, the improvement of the Intermediary Jowai Bye-Pass Road, so that vehicles going to Shillong or other places that do not need to pass through Jowai, can This will help to reduce the traffic jam in Jowai and will bring peace and order to the people.
The price and duty of transportation is very different from the monthly salary of the owners of the vehicles.
However, with the help of the Rangbah Shnongs of Byndihati and surrounding villages, the District authorities have been able to rehabilitate the women.
He said that the players who play well here will be selected to take part in the 36th state level badminton tournament in Jowai this month.
He said that this claim of the MPDF is only to mislead the people of Mawlai and to mislead him.
Police suspect that the truck was stolen and the robbers who tried to steal the truck after encountering the incident, left the truck. truck and fled the scene.
Of these 342 families, not a single one should be illegal or ineligible for occupancy on government land.
“But this depends on the decision of the people in the election,” he added.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donbok said that in fact, on 19th June, the party had decided to file a complaint against the allegation of Amit Shah if the BJP does not investigate. The party has sent many petitions to the Union Ministers to appoint an inquiry by the CBI or ED. “But I would like to urge the people of the state not to be fooled by these parties from the north,” he said.
“The reason why I went to school at the age of 18 years was because there was a priest, Sherman Khongshei, Parish Priest of Lad Rymbai,” said Shlurbha. He came to his village (Bah Shlur) in Byndihati and on that day, there was a service at the house of Bah Shlur and it was on that day that the Lyngdoh said, “Bah Shlur, do you want to and then, he replied, Bah Shlur and he replied, "I want, if anyone sends me.
G.Kishan Reddy to the Vice Chairman of the North Eastern Council, New Delhi and to the Union Minister in charge Power, New Delhi.
He hopes that the jadoh shops will start taking care of how to improve the quality of the food they sell.
Not only that, but counting the days and nights, especially if the mind is tired, how can a person be?
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District has announced the release of free rice and wheat for the month of October from the PMGKAY scheme in the district.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday met the Director of Higher and Technical Education (HYC) Ram Singh to demand that he should immediately withdraw the government's announcement. that students need to have an Aadhaar number to receive their allowance.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The State Government of Meghalaya through the State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) under the Labor Department has launched a program called 'Skills Meghalaya' with the objective of to train up to 100 youth in various skills.
Shillong, Nailur 21: Nine Dorbar Shnongs of Mawkhar, Wahingdoh, Riatsamthiah, Mission Compound, Umsohsun and Wahthapbru have decided to oppose and not accept the new Tax Act. Board (MSB) because this is against the ownership of the land by the landowners.
The union also informed the Minister through the President of the Central Body, Ma Laweyerson War, that the government should soon open a Maternal Child Health Hospital in Jowai, Panaliar to provide treatment in Jowai. Ganesh Das Hospital in Shillong and also to provide the necessary facilities at the Civil Hospital in Ialong for the convenience of patients from Jaintia Hills.
The Prime Minister has visited the North East more than 50 times in the past eight years while 74 Ministers have visited the North East more than 400 times.
The training program for the senior team will start from 10th March 2022 in preparation for the North East Olympic Games to be held in the state from 10th to 16th November
One of the drones tested last month was the 'AIR ZERO', manufactured by an Israeli company, which can carry heavy equipment as well as passengers, as usual. The drone can carry about 220 kilograms of weight over a distance of 160 kilometers.
The names have been sent to the Meghalaya Lokayukta and the errors have been immediately corrected and the officers have been elected,” she said.
This led to a heated argument between the Chief Minister and the MLA of Nongkrem constituency, in which Conrad Sangma spoke against Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on the disruption of the Legislative Assembly.
Those who took part in the construction of the sports complex were Rona Khymdeit, the Meghalaya Cricket Association and others.
At present, the service is temporarily operated through the National Health Mission (NHM) after the expiry of the service period of GVK EMRI. He said that for the time being, the services are continuing through the NHM but a tender has already been called for the company to accept the services in the State.
Therefore, it is important to avoid foods that are high in trans fats.
When asked whether the price of these commodities will increase or how, the traders said that the price of synsar may increase or decrease, because like other commodities, the price of mur of and the synsar shall be like unto thee.
Those other people who think long and hard about this, that is, how to maintain good human behavior, should think hard how to do so that this can be prevented or eradicated. public cleansing because it is a great loss to a good and dignified society! To find out why people clean again, perhaps it is not difficult; but it is also important because the world itself in these days is filled with gossip, especially when this era of HIPHOP is filled with gossip from songs to so on. , and as I mentioned earlier, the following are just a few of the reasons why people are clean (especially here in Rikhasi): Cleanliness is one of the crimes that require to be arrested and punished according to the law if the laws of that country or the customs and traditions of that nation are good and orderly and peaceful.
Former Liverpool player Christian Benteke has failed to score the gold medal in the MLS team led by DC United coach Wayne Rooney. box'.
He said that as an MLA of the party he had not received any information on this because it may be the will of the Prime Minister if he feels he needs to do so.
He said that the talks between the countries will help in gathering information and resolving the issues.
The awarding ceremony was held to honor the founders of the Seng, the members of the Seng who have brought honor and also the cutting of a cake as a sign of celebration on this day.
The Archbishop appealed to the people of God to pray for the eternal rest of the soul of Pope Benedict XVI and to take part in the Holy Mass on that day.
“However, the Indian government seems to have started looking at the peace talks through the hard work of the government,” he said. these discussions as in the form of a sword or unarmed struggle.
This is the third protest by the Rangbah Shnongs after the march around the Governor's residence and the sit-in at the Parking Lot of the Addl Secretariat.
It is not only in India that all the states still have their own cultures, but there are other countries in the world, rich or poor, which still have their own cultures.
Everyone doesn't know what corruption is and what will happen to him/her when it is done.
Without taking this step, our leaders will no longer participate in the process of dialogue.
He said the main demand for the constituency is to improve education, health and improve roads.
For example, the Sawkpoh Khar tribes such as the Kharngapkynta, Kharphanbuh, Kharsawian, Kharwanlang, Puindiwang (Nongspung Hima) and the Dkhar tribes in the Nartiang Doloi District are related.
He said this after opening a meeting of Chiefs of Police, Superintendents of Police and Commandants, Shillong. .
On the day that the KSU members from Umiam, went to the scene, they immediately went to his office and when they did not find him, they called him and he said that he was in the house. Guwahati, even in a phone conversation, the KSU members, threatened him to come and talk, otherwise they will not be able to leave his house even if he lives anywhere.
Shillong, June 30: CSWO (I) Secretary Chris Table Wanniang, Marylinda Lynshing and eight elders including the Rangbah Shnong of Lumdieng, Bah Kobring Jyrwa, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkynring, Bah Tribor. Mawthoh, Rangbah Smek Marboh, Kril Nongbri, Philik Syiem Iong, Tarsin Nongbri, Darius Mukhim, Cyril Kharshiing, residents of 7 villages have been released on bail. this is the day of Hatmajai.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Shainborlin Syiemlieh, GS HYC Ri Muliang Circle.
The main demands of the HNLC include the removal of the HNLC from the illegal census for the smooth running of the peace talks. all cases against the leaders and members of the party, which are in the lower and higher courts.
Confirming the incident, Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said, “Bless Dkhar was arrested on Monday by the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Not only the tribes can be counted in this Rong ka Taw ki Mawbynna but only those who can come on foot and arrive themselves can see and experience its nature.
No one was injured in the incident except for the impact on the traffic and especially today which is the Umroi Market Day when many people go to the Umroi Market. The market is not paid for and it is the market that is held once a month to feed the people in the Umroi area.
After Mawsynram, Sohra also known as Cherrapunjee in East Khasi Hills of Meghalaya has the second highest rainfall in the world with 11,359mm of rainfall per annum.
“This present generation should do something, so that future generations can be proud.
Although the score was low, Meghalaya didn't have any worries, as they didn't take the lead in the first innings by 221 runs after scoring 295/1 in that inning and that the opposition could only respond with 74 runs for the first target.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Overlin Marbaniang Secretary Nongstoin Butcher Social and Welfare Association. He said that since the past, the farmers have faced many problems in which they have been threatened due to the lack of proper farming facilities.
EV Pariat, SI Supply Khliehriat, H. Tyngkan, Government Wholesaler, S.K. Together with the FPS Dealer and members of the Vigilance Committee of the Village.
“If we still have people who don't care, society dies and if there are people who take advantage, they too will take advantage and win.
These programs can also be taught in villages, religious places and others.
The team led by Football Coach Kong Ïaikyntiew Nongkynrih will leave the city on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday urged the top leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to doubt the the Central Government and the State Government as they are ready to provide a safe path for them to come to the peace talks table.
Shillong: The National Commission for Women (NCW) has directed the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald Phillips Wahlang to investigate the incident in Pamphyrnai, Ksehkohlong and West Khasi Hills. the mother of the dead child.
However, NEHU has directed them to inform why they cannot implement so that NEHU can provide assistance to such colleges.
According to the information received by the union, the Waheh Shnongs of this village have approved these coal mining factories without consulting them before giving their approval.
Uma Chetry 58 runs for Nongbet (2/37) and Jintimani Kalita 78 runs for Debasmita. All (2/44).
The Government now has to fulfill two promises made to the people during the elections.
Speaking on this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he does not want to say anything on this, as it will be discussed and decided within the Cabinet.
Shillong, Lber 24: Laitmawlong-Wahpein Village in Sohra Constituency has been recognized as Open Defecation Free (ODF).
They came to the office at 1 pm and left at 4 pm,” said Chyne.
Before the end of the first half, Maldrin scored the second goal in the 45th minute to give Selsella the lead at the end of the first half.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday held a rally to protest against the killing of a schoolgirl in East Jaintia Hills.
However, God was pleased and took away his life suddenly and this is an incident that is beyond the power of human thought and I don't have words to say at length, but just to say let him go Bah Lam.
Thousands of people have gathered at the military recruitment center in Baghdad to demand that they join the fight against Al Qaeda, especially when the militants have been able to fight against Al Qaeda. captured two cities, Mosul and Tikrit, in the past 48 hours.
Vehicles are also prohibited from passing through the village. Anyone who wishes to hold a program within the boundary of the village must first obtain permission from the village. let's stop it completely.
“If the Sengbhalang groups are wise, they should demand from the Government that the road construction companies under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs should be released because the income of the state depends on on the street," he added.
“If we don't, we will have to demand a CBI investigation,” he said.
Through this project, farmers can market these different and affordable varieties.
These hospitals are located in northern India and are called 'Hospitals.
Meat vendors and others.
Please find it too".
“There is a petrol smuggling and water pollution in the petrol tanks and the Police have conducted a search and arrested some of those involved in these illegal activities.
Secretary of the Fete Committee Tellme Phawa said that there will be a cow race and in the evening there will be a band and a DJ Night along with other activities and food sales.
In a statement, the NHRC said that the commission has looked into whether the incident happened in the areas where there is a border dispute between the two states, Assam and Meghalaya. , which is a widespread and longstanding issue.
This happened on Friday at about 11:00 pm on the road at Baniun village, Upper Shillong.
“Until now, there is only one such office,” said the statement from HITO. Therefore, the Branch Manager of the Meghalaya Rural Bank has promised to At the same time, the organization will send a letter to the higher authorities of the branch or the chairman in charge of the Mawkyrwat Branch.
Police have lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
At present, there are more than 200 small shops in the market and 41 small shops have been built by the KHADC. sop tnum four of the tin.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of PWD (Roads), Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, the KSU has asked him to take measures to clean up the dirt roads, to improve the bad roads. They have visited various villages in the Mawkynrew constituency.
When they arrived at the court, SOT and CRPF police were waiting outside. Julius was brought inside and outside were several of his relatives.
Kosari was arrested when she went to attend the last rites of Hesam Mahmood without wearing a hijab and Dehghan was arrested when she entered a café without wearing a hijab. an.
Prestone said the NHAI has already sent the DPR to the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) for the road from Mawryngkneng in East Khasi Hills to Jowai is located in West Jaintia Hills district.
The Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport, located in Guwahati, is one of the most unique airports in the North Eastern Region of India. passengers on 32 domestic flights and 2 international flights.
Shillong: The Khasi Author's Society (KA) has written to the Minister of Home Affairs to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
When they see the poor, women, children, children, they are happy to do this kind of thing, they violate the rights of others by force of justice, and this is a violation of the rights of others. pat that parahuman.
Lastking Warkhyllew scored 88 for Sohryngkham while Alvinstarfield Nongkhlaw (40) for Marbisu.
The GSWSS water project started operating from the 1980s until 1996 to provide water to Shillong.
Dr EBV Laloo District Tuberculosis Officer in her speech said that TB is one of the diseases known as the silent killer which can kill two lives within 3 minutes if not treated at the right time. fine.
Shillong: The Nongthymmai Block Congress Committee (NBCC) has expressed its opposition to the claim that former Nongthymmai MLA and UDP Secretary Bah Jemino Mawthoh has been arrested. Nongrah Water Supply Scheme (Phase-1) has been launched since
Speaking on the KHADC's decision to go to court, the forum leader said that this is a commendable thing.
The hotel staff informed the police, who immediately rushed to the hotel to check the CCTV footage of the hotel and then went to the airport. Anjali and Bikash were arrested at 6.30 pm before they left for Kolkata by 9.15 pm.
Bashti's actions angered the King and the King asked his advisers what to do with Bashti who had broken the law.
They will also try their best to find the places where the stones have been thrown, in order to throw them into the holes of the road only to allow Mahindra pickups and jeeps to pass through.
Sohniamtra should be planted first in the fields.
Is there no law to punish them?
Peace and development comes through the happiness and contentment of the indigenous people of the state.
KHLIEHRIAT: MCP Commander SI Gajraj Singh has lodged a complaint on the 12th of this month at about 9:40 pm that his troops have seized a truck. AS-10C-1386 driven by Fakrul Islam (36) and driver Zobir Ahmed (33) at Sunapur Bridge while carrying 24 cows.
Mathou expressed his happiness and interest in this visit to Lawkyntang and expressed his desire to learn more about it as well as the measures to protect the environment and its resources. On the other hand, Bah Tambor explained about the nature of the Lawkyntang and how it is prohibited to commit any violation of the law in this place.
He visited Kongthong on this day to meet with the people and to find out about this song, which is similar to North Turkey.
“The State has Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTFs) in all districts of the State and these teams are headed by Superintendents of Police (SPs), who fight against drugs in their respective areas. District, but the State needs a full-fledged ANTF to operate from the Meghalaya Police Headquarters,” said the statement.
The awardees were selected by a panel of experts from across the country and from Government Agencies on the basis of excellence in tourism.
One of the most dangerous of the waste products of uranium mining is radium (226).
Later, the government has made another proposal to improve the road up to T.50 crore.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, while leading the protest, said that the issue is to suspend the registration of jobs. while the reservation policy is being processed.
The Minister stressed that the State Government and the Opposition have their role to play in the development of the State.
“Rakkam said he has already met and talked one-on-one with the heads of leading universities in the state.
Police in Ri Bhoi District have seized an Etios (ML 05 N 2033) and arrested two suspects involved in the smuggling of heroin. , said the Head of Police, Ri Bhoi.
When there is no food, the households suffer.
Finally, on the 15th of October, 1835, the Hima lost its independence and was occupied by the French.
He was consecrated Bishop by Pope John Paul II on 22 November
Because of the lack of network, it is a big loss for those of us who have online classes.
The British wild garlic, crow garlic and field garlic are members of the Allium ursinum, Allium vineale and Allium oleraceum plants.
Similarly, Bah Shylla's statement that if we accept Article 371, the District Councils will disappear is not true because if we look at Mizoram, which falls under the Sixth Schedule, it has District Councils. The ILP and the Special Provision under Article 371G. Therefore, it is time for our leaders, public leaders and intellectuals to speak the truth with a sense of concern for our country, not to If it is true and a weapon that can protect the country and the nation, it will only confuse the minds of the people who lack knowledge. knowledge and who truly loves the country and the nation.
With new techniques and methods of reading, scholars have looked at all subjects and found that there are many forces involved in the production of the Bible, namely, the movement of people in society. society, governance and trade.
He said that there are also about six areas in Shillong that need to be addressed.
It is worth mentioning that this village is one of the villages which still falls within the boundary of West Khasi Hills District, under the jurisdiction of Phlowel Syiem, Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima.
Shillong: The decision to increase the number of members in the JHADC has been taken after looking at the number of members compared to the KHADC and GHADC. Shillong: The two state governments of Meghalaya and Assam through their regional committees Regarding the settlement of the border dispute in West Khasi Hills, the meeting was held yesterday in Kamrup, Amingoan, Assam. The Assam side was led by Chan. Patowary, Minister of State for Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : The Special Committee set up by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met today. Today, together with the elders of the neighboring villages including Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Wahthapbru, Qualapatty, Mission, Wahhingdoh Riatsamthiah and also the Hynniewtrep Market Association.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the opening ceremony of the Ram Temple on 22nd July.
“Give this young man to work for five years, see what kind of service he will give.
Sources said that the government and the district authorities today have prepared strong security forces for the protest, as they believe that it will be a large protest which will not be less than 2000 members of the Sengbhalang will attend, and sources said the government estimates that there will be about 5000 members.
The youth, who lost his life, was studying in Class 12 at Sohra College.
The suspect was arrested on 26.6.2023 at Mynsoo-B village in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
At present, the production of sying in Meghalaya is about 60,000 metric tonnes per annum.
Jowai, Lber 30: U Deimi Lyngdoh of Thadmuthlong B village, West Jaintia Hills, has been shot dead and robbed of 25,000 tyngka and a mobile phone. and other equipment.
In the first match which started at 3:15 pm, Mawlyngngad SC beat Mawkriah West SC by 2 goals. to Warshong (70 min).
These children came from all over the villages of Laskeiñ, Thadlaskeiñ and villages within Jowai.
This negligence of the JHADC has destroyed the environment and has also caused loss to the JHADC and at the same time it is no longer according to the agreement with the village in the signing of the agreement between Namdong Elaka Nongjngi and the office of JHADC through the Forest Department on 05th November 1980 on an area of ​​394.27 hectares.
If they go for help, they will be asked to provide documents, witnesses, government officials (although they don't have government employees at home).
Yes! Although we don't greet you face to face, We will only pray for you; That the Lord will give you a healthy and strong body, That you will be able to understand the great thoughts of the world.
The door is still open,” said Bah Pangniang.
“The government has worked hard to ensure that this platform is equal and hopes that it will be one of the most successful.
On safety, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that just because there is a flood, it does not mean that the entire construction of the ISBT is unsafe.
The conquest of the Moon, which is 250,000 miles from Earth, may be only the smallest step in front of the great barrier of space, but it is also a great challenge to reach others. other planets such as Mars, which is up to 156 days away from Earth.
The UDP also spoke on the recent High Court order to hand over to the CBI to investigate Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs and 21 others. that bun bun mala.
When asked about the government's intention to use online payment to ASHAs, she said that this could create problems for ASHAs living in rural areas as many of the villages do not have For example, if the ASHAs are able to provide ORS, they will receive a shityngka and they will have to walk and spend days just to receive their shityngka.
Both the teams have been promoted to the 1st division.
The HANM leader from East Jaintia Hills District urged the Deputy Commissioner to look into this issue so that the graduates can get jobs in companies according to their qualifications. has been completed.
Digvijay Chautala has been elected as the new chief executive officer of the Handball Association of India (HAI) and Jagan Mohan Rao as the secretary.
It is first found in eastern India, Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan, and in some mountainous areas of Malaysia, Southeast Asia, California, Armenia, Africa.
Nongpoh: After receiving information that there are many foreigners who are shopping in various shops including hotels and those along the Shillong Bye Pass, the leaders of the National Hynniewtrep People (NHP) today called for a warning. They have raided the documents of these foreigners and during their raid, they have found that many of these foreigners, who work in these shops, do not have the documents. appropriate documents such as Trading and Labor Licence.
Speaking on the occasion, Marak said that if they make such accusations, the BJP should produce evidence because it is easy to make such accusations.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has not taken any action regarding the provision of assistance to the victims of the floods in the villages under the jurisdiction of the Sohiong C&RD Block including Mawdngung, Mawlyngthoh, Len Mawtap, Umsoh, Nongkasen, Sohiong, Mawkynjing, Mawsniang, Shilliangdongki, Mawtap Pyllun, Spar Road, Sohiong, Mawtap-A Road and Laitnongkseh have been affected by the cold weather in the month. October – June, 2018.
At the same time, the government is in talks with MeECL for the supply of electricity to the college.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: To strengthen the blood supply at the Blood Centers and to bring about the cooperation with the public to donate blood, to save many lives in times of urgent need, the Directorate of Blood Centers The Meghalaya State Blood Transfusion Council in collaboration with Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies today held a special program and also a Blood Donation Camp to raise awareness among the people. public and strengthen the need for blood donation, known as the Strengthening of Blood Ecosystem.
On this occasion, the Minister said that initially the expenditure was not very high but if it will be affected it will be later, in 15-30 years.
He said that if the District Council does not implement the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act, 1959, it would be better to abolish the District Council.
They will also arrive in Kathmandu and Dhaka, Bangladesh, before the final.
Furthermore, Bah Lyngdoh hopes that the construction of these roads will start soon so that it will bring peace and development to the people of the area.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will soon convene a meeting of the HPC to explain the government's intention and to listen to the views of the HPC. on their side.
They said that those who have two/three floor houses, they are pahuh tin because they are the people of the MLA/MDC while the families who are covered with phlang, even if they shed blood, no one believes them. .
“Since 2010, I have not received any documents, registers or Bui from the former Secretary and now I don't have any documents,” said the Secretary VEC of Mookaswan.
“In fact, Garo friends should understand that the implementation of this Rule is not a hatred for them but a way to protect their rights to the Garo Hills,” said the statement. KSU Laskein said that the Sixth Schedule has no meaning if the Rule 1951 is not implemented or the rights of the Khasi-Pnar people are not respected through the District Councils.
However, besides these, what is needed is a corruption free government, to promote economic development and immediate employment of educated youth rather than contractual, so that in the survey of national agencies the state will I don't go without rain anymore.
At the time of writing, six militants had been killed in the shooting, four of whom had committed suicide by detonating explosives, while two had been killed in the shooting. shoot at the soldiers.
About 40 robbers have broken into a secret warehouse of ITC Limited, run by Madan Mohan Obhrai & CO WSP at 15 Mer, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner today issued an order to close shops in the market areas as part of the prevention of the spread of Covid-19 in the state. The residents of Motphran area have refused to believe the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
“Therefore, having many types/grades of schools is not the reason, but there are many other reasons that need to be taken to improve," he said.
He said that Prof Laloo has promised to appoint a full time Principal and Vice Principal at Jowai Government Boys Secondary School.
Kishlay, who scored a half century in the first innings for 52 runs, was expecting another half century in this innings, but Manipur's best bowler Joyhenba was dismissed for 49 runs.
He said the government would give six months to all the rebel groups to come forward to talk to the government to get the benefits to be allocated for them.
Jowai, March 6: Two friends, have been shot dead by unidentified persons while they were sleeping lyngngai in a field near their rice field in the village. Field.
The government has already handed over to the companies to build the two-way road from 7Mer to Dawki but the road has been suspended after the companies have abandoned the work.
Congratulating the many people who attended the meeting to join the UDP once again together with Bah Reming, the President said, “We didn't come just to insult you. public purchase.
Condemning the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Khrawkupar said, “The government has been complaining from time to time that it lacks funds for the salaries of teachers. the ISBT"
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pius Marweiñ congratulated all those who took part in this tournament and also to the Association as a whole. This is the case in South West Khasi Hills District.
Unless the Lord watches over the city, the watchman watches in vain.
What I saw in Lukha remained in my mind.
Conrad was elected as MP from Tura after the death of his father, PA Sangma in October this year.
Not only this incident, but there are other corruption cases worth hundreds of crores related to the installation of smart meters to measure the electricity consumption of each household which started in several years. many places, including Garo Hills.
For the opening tour of the IPL this year, the team will start their tour on 2nd June in Hyderabad against Sunrisers Hyderabad.
There are 99 recoveries from the disease.
It is also believed that the French as an Imperial Colonist would have laid the foundation stone first in any other village/area or country. The local dialect of that area or the Hima (Local Dialect) would have become the “central language” of our people. Khasi Khara speaks the Sohra language.
The Seng, therefore, through this statement, requests and expects all the citizens of the country to join in this festival and to come out with male and female dancers in their full costumes. I don't want to announce the glory of the Ri.
“We all know this, but why is the government trying to create obstacles and difficulties to hinder the opportunities available to our people by introducing such obstacles that say that the small area You must apply for a mining lease or you must have at least 100 hectares of land.
Robert said that the other laws that the government has spoken of as the entry and exit gate do not have the same intentions as the ILP and the government should revise the ILP. He said that as it is now, the Entry Exit Point is to make it easier for people to enter the ILP. while the ILP says that those who enter illegally without proper and timely documents should be punished.
Who can tell,which news is fake and which is true? Even before the election of the MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha, the same leaders have been talking in the media that they are serious about becoming an MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha.
Besides, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma of Assam have also decided to conduct an inspection of the Khanduli-Psiar area at the end of April.
The killing of the animal is like the killing of oneself.
Foreigners and foreigners who come to the rural areas of Meghalaya are surprised at the shortcomings of Meghalaya because the taxes they pay show that Meghalaya is rich.
The ADR report, released today, said that 44 MLAs or 37 percent are between Class 5 and Class 12 and 74 or 62 percent are from Class 12 graduate or higher and one MLA, who has completed a diploma.
They discussed in detail the preparations especially the need to explain to the public the closure of this road for three hours from 6 pm to 9 pm on 30th November
From day one we witness that the Leaders spend time debating even the meaning of words or sentences.
Onaatah is the first Khasi film to have 7.1 surround sound.
They said that the BSF, which looks after the citizens of the country, should help protect them as citizens of India, not to harass or harass the citizens.
The Governor was sworn in by Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
One of the former President of TULBA, Bah Seiborlang Lyngdoh Nonglait, said that the MDA2 government does not have a vision regarding the lack of electricity in the state. He also urged the State Government to turn to other sources of electricity generation.
A BJP MLA from Assam has tested positive for covid-19 and is currently undergoing treatment in Silchar.
Joiningstar Rongrin president :9366095204, Rebecca Marwein :8787427735, Daplin Hahshah General secretary:9774291416.
These ingredients are very useful in reducing the symptoms of pneumonia.
Through this inspection, the HNYF leaders together with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, have decided to appoint a special committee, to look after and preserve these Mawbynna and The signboard is located at the site, which is also one of the ways to block the border crossing with Assam.
This notice of the Village shall remain in force until further notice.
Senior Congress leaders, including MP N Uttam Kumar Reddy, AICC Secretary Ch Vamshi Chand Reddy, IYC President Srinivas BV, AICC In-charge for the IYC Krishna Allavaru. Telangana Youth Congress President Shiva Sena Reddy and TPCC Working President Mahesh Kumar Goud attended the meeting.
“At this meeting, we were disappointed that the cost of the Shillong Western Byepass project has reached about Rs 650 crore while the land acquisition fee has reached Rs 1200 crore.
The Aam Aadmi Party under the leadership of Bhagwant Mann has overthrown the former Government in Punjab and what Bhagwant Mann has done is to show an example that corruption has no place in front of the Government of Punjab. he.
Meanwhile, UDP Vice-President Alantry Dkhar said that the UDP will win more than 30 MLAs in the election.
I am confident that what the political parties and candidates have already conveyed through the election campaigns across the constituencies will be of benefit to the people how to elect the people who should be the advocates for their issues. The people are experienced and intelligent to create ways and means to solve the problems in this State.
Rahul is currently with the Indian squad for the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup in England.
The slasha farmers of Ri-Bhoi District understand that the slasha they grow now will not only support them and their children but will also benefit their grandchildren. .
Khliehriat (Pamrapaithlu): On Saturday, 27th June 2021, the Catholic Children's Association of Pamra Paithlu (SKKKBPP) held an awareness program on the topic “Interpreneurship and Entrepreneurship”. especially during this time of unemployment, in collaboration with the District Planning Office.
The announcement by the four political parties by the Non Cooperation Movement on Thursday has also shocked the shopkeepers and vendors along the GS Road.
According to a source, Shallang Police Station has arrested a man named Daniel M Sangma, 32, from Rongkhugre village. Shallang Police Station, today conducted a search operation at the residence of the suspect.
This conclusion of the Dorbar will be a story in the history of the JHADC as it does not take even 10 minutes and the MDCs will have to leave the Dorbar.
In the third match, Kseh Sylle Ialong won 2-1 against Demthring.
The Longkmie, alleged that the reason for the threat of rape, happened after the man tried to rob one of her land in the village, where she was threatened with rape. She also alleged that the man had threatened her that if she continued to force him to fight for the land, he would rape her and if he could not harm her, he would kill her. to the relatives of the Longkmie.
The Indradhanush Mission will run from 7th to 14th June,
They forcibly suppressed the voice of the farmers and did not allow them to speak in Parliament.
On the same day, US Secretary of State Chuck Schumer said Zelensky had told him that if Ukraine does not receive more aid from the United States in the coming days, it will not be able to do so. it will fail and be defeated by Russia.
But King Wickliffe had another war.
He said that the government is in the process of appointing full time teachers.
The KHNAM leader demanded that the District Council should go and collect trading licenses in all the areas under its jurisdiction and should also start trading and if found without licenses should punish them. him.
“We expect the Committee to hold regular meetings at least once a month unless otherwise ordered by the Court,” said the order.
The case was filed by Nilbert CH Marak of Dawa Gittingre, East Garo Hills District in the Lokayukta Court on 2nd June, 2019 against Ismail Marak, former MDC of Asanang constituency. There has been misuse of funds allocated up to Rs 10 crore for many projects in Asanang constituency.
Because it is not the government that sent them abroad and it is not the government that invited them to return.
Gaurov Tiwari, spokesperson of the RSS unit in Jaintia Hills, said that water and soil will be brought from all over India as well as from Afghanistan, Indonesia and other places to lay the foundation stone of the temple on 5th July. 2020 is the location of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya.
He said that the increase in light bill is also due to the fact that from November to July due to the severe cold weather, there has been a high consumption of electricity.
There are allegations that in November last year, Bhagwant Mann was thrown off a plane while he was on his way from Germany to India because he was drunk, but the AAP , denies the allegation.
The two groups also sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma through the Urban Development Department on 23rd July this year to strengthen the Act of the State Government which is similar to the Act of and should be implemented immediately in the state.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25 : U Bah Wanshwa Suting, from Khliehriat West, is one of the singers from Jaintia Hills. Skhem Dkhar, Rinaldus Dkhar, Chief Guest, Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC, Kyrkhumeki Nongtdu and other dignitaries.
Speaking to Rupang, KSU South Khasi Hills Vice President Jerrywel War said that the company has fled the scene for two months now and has left behind the works it has affected.
It is worth mentioning that the KHADC has set up a special committee to find out whether the people of many churches want the KHADC to issue the NOC for the construction of the road.
During the Kargil War, although he retired, he volunteered to fight.
In the third match, Da i hi SC beat Nangbah Pohchnong 6-1 goals. Pyndap Pyrtuh scored the first goal for Da i hi SC in the 31st & 52nd minutes. Pynskhem Mukhim scored three goals in the 33rd, 37th and 40th minutes and Wanbok Dhar in the 48th minute.
Shops in Pynursla, Sohra Civil Sub Division and C&RD Block have been allowed to open five days a month.
However, due to the lack of adequate health facilities, malaria patients have to rely on doctors kobiraj or doctors jakoit.
He said that even the BSF used to auction many of the cows they seized to the owners to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
" Lydia stated and pulled him closer to her.
He says that the system of the Westerners is that they instill in the minds of the indigenous people (the colonized) that their arrival should liberate them from slavery.
At the same time, this will help to know more about this hero of the country and the presence of this monument in these places will continue to promote the culture and traditions of our ancestors and will also be a way to encourage them. They will have the spirit of fighting like Kiang Nangbah.
He said that this is a good example for other members of the party to work for the good and to improve the society and to help the people. they will be able to work better and provide the best service to the community.
If the price of rice is 5 tyngka per kilo, the price of rice is 30 tyngka per kilo.
Ranjeet, a former tennis player, comes from a family of military personnel from Jammu and Kashmir.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 5 cases of which 4 cases are high risk and one case is from Umsong cluster.
In Group-C in Mawkyrwat, Seven United will play against Lumdiengngan at 3 pm and in Group-D in Tura, Seven United will play against Wasa Football Club at 3 pm. at 3 pm.
I'll pay for food or school fees,” said the father with a smile.
They waited for Rangsan to finish drinking.
The DC of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, Bah FM Dopth has been transferred from the post of DC and will take over the post of Secretary to the Govt.
There are more than 200 students studying in Imphal.
On the other hand, Conrad said the government will consider the decision of the Supreme Court which has banned the government from appointing the Acting Director General of Police as it will prevent others from being promoted. .
If they can imagine and agree, it is wonderful and fortunate.
Mukul said the allegation by the political secretary of the ANVC(B) was an attempt to mislead the people of the state.
To mark the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, the District Sports Officer, East and West Jaintia Hills District has organized an Independence Day Run at Khliehriat and Jowai on the 15th of this month. date of this month.
Other witnesses included B Sylliang, W Shabong, former DSP of Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, JP Ranee, B Lyngdoh and B Pamshong.
He said that if the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) led by Arvind Kejriwal has a role to play in the state, he is ready to contest from the party.
Shillong, November 11: The Congress party held a public rally in Sohiong on Saturday, followed by a public rally of the UDP and HSPDP in the constituency.
For those who have lost 40% of their body parts, the price of burial will be T.
Because these people do not follow the rules and regulations as the government has ordered them to do, the government has clearly announced to imprison them according to the rules and regulations that they violate and fine them.
There are many villages in the rural areas which even in these days when knowledge has spread widely, but their villages and areas are still lagging behind and are like abandoned deserts.
Bah Khrawbuit said that at the meeting of the kurs held on Saturday, about 50 kurs have formed the Steering Committee to advise the KHADC on the KSCL. “Thousands of kurs have attended the meeting,” said Bah Khrawbuit.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs have not accepted this Act which destroys the rules laid down by the ancestors in the rule of law.
Pynshngain, together with other painters and sculptors of the RITI Academy, painted the statue of Babu Jeebon Roy and Wickliffe Syiem.
Because they are in the organizations that they have created with the help of the youth.
In another development, FKJGP Mawprem Circle, yesterday, distributed food items to the families in the area of ​​Mawprem Circle as part of the campaign. The residents of the area have been affected by the lack of access to work.
In Jowai, a rally was held by members of the visually impaired together with volunteers and friends from Stand War, Mynthong, Jowai to Ladthalaboh.
The Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, Ma Edystone Shylla said that from tomorrow they have banned the use of plastic bags to fight against plastic waste which has affected the environment especially the Myntdu River which provides drinking water. the city of Jowai.
The Sordars of these villages, while talking to this reporter in Langpih, said that in the past years, government officers in charge of agriculture, have visited these villages where the people have They are happy and hopeful that they will receive any assistance from the government in the field of agriculture, but until now they have not received any assistance.
Not only that, the destruction of school buildings including the old Assam type house and RCC building since the school has not been repaired is shocking to see. They should take action and allocate funds as soon as possible for the glory of the government school in the area, concluded the statement.
When the taxi stand was demolished, the shops were moved to the top of the taxi stand near Umsohsun but the residents had to walk near Mahari.
In order to provide adequate opportunities for the students as well as their parents, who are from Jaintia Hills to choose in terms of education opportunities outside Meghalaya, the TSL Events Management Jowai will hold the 1st Edition Education Fair for two days from 3rd June 2024 at North Liberty School, Mookyrdup, Jowai.
The Assam government's border crossing and violence in Meghalaya continues to this day.
Speaking to media on Thursday, Conrad explained what happened on the 24th during a meeting with the leaders of the group that brought forward the demands on the winter capital. and roster system, and injuries to security personnel.
In the second half, Lajong continued to use their strength, but could not achieve their goal, and this led Delhi to They took advantage of the situation and scored through Gaurav Rawat in the 60th minute.
The suspect, identified as Danelo Cavalcante, escaped from Chester County Jail two months ago and his escape has caused a lot of concern among the residents. and to the passengers because of the terrible behavior of this thief, because he can also avoid and escape even police dogs, drones, helicopters and even well-trained soldiers.
Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words (the word of God), shall not pass away.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Larsing said that the MSL is a new journey.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: The Secretary, District Legal Services Authority (DSLA), Nongpoh, today announced that there will be a National Lok Adalat in relation to all cases, which will be held at the office of the District Legal Services Authority (DSLA). Sessions Judge, Ri-Bhoi District on 14th November 2022 from 10 am.
We have honored Mamata Banerjee because we honor Leader (L) PA Sangma but the election is different,” he said.
The party strongly condemns the murder of this leader, who worked for justice and truth, said a statement from Rev.Dr.PBM Basaiawmoit, President of the party. organization.
I have directed the government officials to act quickly and urgently to resolve this issue,” Sangma wrote on his Facebook page last night.
The four KSU members were identified as Paul Roy, 28, Iaihunlang Khyriem, 25, George Eam Kharwanniang, 26, Ferdinand Kharhunai, 19 and Kerrilang Kharhunai,
“We strongly demand that the Government/DC should immediately revoke this order and if they do not, we will take the Prime Minister/NPP/UPD/HSPDP/BJP (Government of Meghalaya) to court,” said the statement. KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said in a statement.
Gradually, it reached the border until foreigners came and went, built villages, built houses, built factories and so on until it reached the border and became a big city. to the extent that they do not own the land of the Hima/Raid.
He said that the West Bengal government has increased its deficit from Rs 19,500 crore in 2012-11 to Rs 53.431 crore in 2021-2 this state.
The Chief Minister said the government has lost many schemes under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) because it has not followed the rules laid down by the central government.
Sinha also acknowledged that the BJP will come back to power after the MP elections in June or June.
Wellborn Mynsong and Minelsha Ryngnga, the drummer, took part in the song.
Speaking on the law and order situation in the city, Bah Ardent said that they are shocked to see that the actions of the district authorities have shown that Shillong is no longer a peaceful city. from some of the incidents here and there.
The President of the Hills Farmer Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang today inaugurated the Annual School Sports Meet, 2023 of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang South West. Khasi Hills District which was held at the playground of this school.
The letters were sent by the Finance Secretary of the HNLC M. Rynjah and said that they are income tax and the value is 20 lakh tyngka.
He said the MPCC cannot say anything on this as the ticket has been decided by the AICC. At the same time, he said that the meeting of the Pradesh Election Committee was held today. It has decided to send all 90 candidates to the party to choose who will be given the ticket.
Shillong: Goa beat Meghalaya by 8 runs in the second innings of the Ranji Trophy on Thursday at Goa.
Pathak said he had no reason to speak against the prime minister as he had shown the image of India to the world.
Rev.Dr.I Kharkongor said that the area of ​​Ri Khasi from east to west, north and south is 7000 square miles.
Simpleming Rymbai, son of Tbn.Kyrmen Dkhar, resident of Wapungskur, passed away on 31/07/2
However, because it is a new event, many are not worried.
The District Magistrate, Garod Hills LSN Dykes has issued an order to allow the opening of automobile spare parts shops on Tuesday and Friday in Mihmyntdu and Jowai under containment measures. ha from 5 Am January 13th to 5 Am January 22nd.
Shillong, November 09: After 17 days of treatment at NEIGRIHMS for shooting at NEIGRIHMS in Mukroh, Bah Cheini Nartiang, today discharged from the hospital for treatment of headache. He was shot dead on the 22nd of last month.
However, shortly after this, the Government of Bah Mawlong also collapsed in December 2001, on the charges of corruption by the PRAC group that Bah Mawlong was involved in corruption in the construction of the Meghalaya House in Calcutta. The investigation into this allegation, which was appointed by the new Chief Minister, Bah DD Lapang, under the judge of the Gauhati High Court, Mr Rajkhowa, has not found any truth. on this charge.
He said that the PWD has directed the people to work to clear this road so that the people from the area will not be interrupted in their traffic.
The BJP, AGP, SP and TNC have lodged a complaint with the Speaker of the Lok Sabha and in March 2009 the CBI has completed an investigation and submitted a report to the Supreme Court that MK Subha, ex MP is not the not an Indian Citizen and confirms other allegations.
At present, the state has witnessed a decline in illegal activities in recent years even in Garo Hills.
The statement also informed that the office through the relevant authorities will conduct a search of documents in all parts of Ri Bhoi and as an information to the public should provide the documents in advance. If found without these documents, they will be punished under the Motor Vehicle Act.
Dr. Khongjoh and the office of the Manager Sankur Ri Kynti Khaiñ Nonglang & Mawkyrwat Hat who are in charge of Mawkyrwat Market were accompanied by Dr. Khongjoh. They saw that it has become a clean place after the shopkeepers have painted the shops in the right way by improving the shops.
He said that even those who are addicted to drugs when they are arrested, do not reveal the real names of the people who sell drugs to them, and the police have to conclude the investigation to find out. to the people involved in the sale of this alcoholic beverage.
God has also given signs of understanding to the Christian church in Ri Khasi Jaintia, but no one has accepted them as the understanding of God.
Romis Lamare congratulated and praised Aibanlang for his generosity and wished him to continue to do more and more charity works for the poor in the coming days. .
A 37-year-old man was shot dead by BSF troops near Mawshun village in East Khasi Hills on Tuesday night at about 11 pm.
Even if he doesn't get bail, he will contest the election from jail”.
The current MDC from Langkyrdem is Bah Ryngkat Lyndem of the UDP while the MDC from Nongshken has been elected by Grace Kharpuri of the NPP.
He said that after the complaint to the Akal Takht Jathedar, it will be taken to the four top Sikh religious leaders and they will take a final decision on the actions of U. Ranveer Singh and his wife, Deepika Padukone.
“We are one of the few states working with the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) and we have already marked about 50,000 spacecraft,” he said.
If you find such persons please immediately inform the Electoral Registration Officer or the Booth Level Officer of that Polling Station in your village.
“After receiving the information, I phoned the SP but even the SP did not have any information about the incident. The SP tried to get information from all the Police Stations about the incident but the police did not have any information. “I don't know,” said Lyngdoh on Saturday.
He thanked the Principal, the teachers, the students and the village who have worked together to make this school a famous school.
PHE Minister Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Tuesday inspected the construction of two water supply projects under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme in Thangraiñ and Barato villages.
Silbi Passah, who has a desire to promote music and culture in the state through the Department of Arts and Culture in collaboration with NEZCC, has been appointed as the North East Zone Cultural Centre. to participate in music festivals organized by various zones of the country, such as the South Zone Cultural Centre, South West Zone Cultural Central, West Zone and others.
Regarding the robbery, DC Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah, said that they are conducting an investigation to find out the robbers involved in the robbery. task.
“The same video was edited and doctored to show that we had paid for the same video and spread through social media with the intention of insulting us,” he said. Mr. Muksor and Mr. Pohshna.
The Prime Minister said that the management of khalai nusip should be designed in such a way that the goods should be marketed well across the country as it has been found that the previous management was not adequate. in which it was stolen by the tenant because of a false sign.
The KSU said that the boundary talks between the two CMs have decided to resolve the six disputed areas in West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and East Jaintia Hills from Ratacherra. The border will be fixed at Ratacherra while the border is still 7 km or 8 km ahead to the other side of the Malidor River.
I am pleased to know that Rupang newspaper has turned 36 years old today (2.10.2023) in the service through the media to the public, may God bless the owner of the newspaper (Bah RM Shabong) and also to all those who have joined the team of Rupang so that you can continue your journey.
Najim asked whether the opening ceremony was held in Shillong like the opening of the development scheme of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from Delhi in other states of the country. but on the 24th he was taken back to Shillong.
On the same day, the group will launch a souvenir and submit a petition to the Minister of Education regarding the key issues of the group.
“We have done our job, we have supported farmers, women's Self Help Groups and various youth groups and even before we make a promise or even before we I don't know what to do,” said the Chief Minister.
The Sein Kyntu Sein Raij, therefore, strongly condemns the bloodthirsty insurgents who burnt down the Lehniam House at Banium Mylliem in Mylliem Village.
If there is no unity, it is better for them to sit back and allow the BJP to play chess.
Before the performance, the Headmaster requested everyone including the audience to sing the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you”.
Both the letters were signed by Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary, State Legislative Assembly.
The 193 members of the United Nations General Assembly are expected to vote in favor or opposition on Tuesday on the call for a ceasefire between Israel. and Hamas for the delivery of aid to the Palestinian population in Gaza.
Speaking to reporters in Baghmata, Justice Katakey said he came to the district to gather information on the allegations of illegal mining.
Or children who have become brighter and more intelligent have already seen the work of their parents (mentally incepted).
Nongpoh: A house has caught fire in Lum byrhing, Ri Bhoi village at 5 pm this morning. and all the things that are in the house.
However, it is sad to say that on the night before the start of the dance, the young and old people who were present at the dance drank alcohol, harak and sidhiar and became so drunk that they didn't know anyone anymore.
Conrad said the state government has not taken responsibility to release the money to the members.
For more information, please contact the Vice President: Patrick Lamare (M)
Platelets are blood cells that help the body to clot blood.
There are many types of lipstick colors that you can use according to your preference so before using you need to know how to match your skin or dress.
On this occasion, the UDP said that in order for the process to be smooth and transparent, it demands that Ampareen Lyngdoh should resign herself otherwise the Chief Minister should resign. her.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) is one of the associations that promotes sports in the district and produces many football players.
Senior UDP leader Metbah Lyngdoh has been appointed as Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board while former Minister Lahkmen Rymbui has been appointed as Chief Adviser to the Meghalaya Government.
See the difference now.
The Government of Meghalaya, the Government of India and foreigners have billions of crores of rupees and are not willing to buy Khasi land worth only billions and hundreds of billions of rupees.
Most people drink green tea for its weight loss potential.
The space has been transformed to resemble a winter setting, with twinkling lights, decorations, and a Christmas tree hanging in the middle.
Jowai, March 30: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
Shillong, Iaiong 21: Whether it is true or not, it is not clear whether the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, will no longer be in the KHADC. Congress in 2018 but he could not appear in another uniform from another party.
The various incidents that have happened in the past have caused a huge increase in the price of goods throughout Shillong.
Shillong: The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam may meet soon to discuss the land dispute on the border.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyndiah told the success stories of MCAB and its goal to expand its work in all 11 districts in the state to serve the people.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, signed by the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh and the leaders of the KSU Narpuh, they strongly condemn the government and NHAI for not taking any action to repair the road. They also demanded that if the road is repaired, it should not be completed, but should be covered with heavy stones, then covered with small stones and then cleaned. NHAI should also bring in skilled engineers in the field of road construction, increase the number of machines and staff to work, and NHAI should take action to address the problem. In the landslide that happened in the tunnel at Sonapyrdi which caused problems to the passengers, these are the rules that the NHAI should follow.
The Minister's remarks came after some journalists today asked about the name and accusation of his brother, Bah Bison Shylla, for smuggling illegal coal in Jaintia Hills recently.
Speaking to Rupang, Nongstoiñ MLA Daiostar Jyndiang said that the celebration will start at 8 pm with a wreath laying ceremony at Maieit Hoping's village in Mawkyllei. you're at 10:30 in the morning.
That is why they have been crying out for 50 years of development.
The people especially the youth have been shocked by the promises of the political parties in the region during the elections and for that reason they have started following the BJP. “Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have fulfilled their promises and have now decided to support the BJP,” he said.
Nick and Priyanka will have two types of weddings, one Christian wedding and then a Hindu wedding, on November 2,
On the border with Assam, he said talks with Assam would continue to resolve the border dispute in the remaining six areas.
Also present on the occasion were Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, other party leaders and residents of Narpuh area.
God created sin and suffering so that man could think of his own independent life.
The management said that there are still many shortcomings in the school especially as it has only been started for more than two years.
“If you mine only one, you can't do it even for months,” said the people who know well about the mining method.
In terms of religion and custom, it can be said that mankind remains in darkness unless God gives that light.
In Jajarkot, 34 people have died, while in Rukum West District, 35 people have died.
When asked what the government will do regarding the fish ponds through the government's aquaculture which should produce fish but these fish ponds have turned into fish competition grounds and what will the fisheries department do? Hek said that the department has not yet taken any decision in this regard.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The pig market in Iewduh has affected the sale of thied in the market since the news of the discovery of a poisonous snake.
He said his request is that the police departments should investigate the truth so that it does not affect the people who are not involved in this case.
Those who violate this may be punished under U/S 25 1B, (b) for failing to surrender their firearms under Sub Section (1) of Section shall be imprisoned for a term of not less than one year or may extend to three (3) years with a fine.
The two leaders will also discuss the division of constituencies between the Shinde-led Sen and the BJP for the Civic Dody and Lok Sabha elections.
The tournament will be held on the 2nd September, 2023 at the District Library Auditorium.
The Assam government has already suspended the OC and officer of the Forest Department involved in the incident.
What is your name?3
There was a social agreement that the company should take the goods from the villagers for the needs of the factory, but they found that the company had gone astray and taken the goods from elsewhere. .
This request of the Dorbar Diengiei office bearers came after the residents of Mawlaingut village have been facing traffic jam which lasts for 3 and 4 hours a day due to the parking of trucks passing by. Through the Mawmaram, Mawmih to Mawlyndep road until you reach Lad Umsaw, the Damsite bridge is still under repair.
The VRS will allow the employees to save T.1,671 crore to T.1,921.24 crore per annum, at an estimated cost of T. .13.049 crore.
The Election Commission of India from time to time encourages the citizens to fulfill their duties or rights by going to vote on polling day.
Besides Prestone, only nine NPP candidates from Khasi-Jaintia Hills have won the elections – four from Jaintia Hills and two from East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per household at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at the price of Lang at Rs.11.77 per kilo and at the price of Khutia at Rs.12.34 per kilo.
Tea made from matcha has a flavor similar to green tea.
Police have arrested the perpetrator of the crime.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the polling in Sohiong constituency will be held on the 10th June, 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of the same month.
He lodged a complaint with SBI, Mawlai and the bank management told him that the task of depositing money at ATMs has been handed over to other agencies. , and the conversation there ended.
The implementation of central government schemes has become more visible to the villagers in recent years since the BJP government led by Narendra Modi came to power. Modi is known as the Prime Minister of the country and housing schemes like PMAY, old age pension scheme, rice scheme, agriculture scheme and others reach the villages.
FKJGP Laskieñ Circle Executive Committee President: Melamlynti Sumer Vice President: Pynshaitbor Syngkon.
A public meeting was convened by Samola and KKNMS at the National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar on 28th July
Hoi hi mo wow again I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the wymboi pyrwa.
The Government of West Bengal will continue to be a big supporter as it has been hosting the Durand Cup for many years.
However, he won again in front of the crowd.
In the 43rd minute, Bannongkiew Khriem scored for Umphrup and Michael Kshiar for Imson.
We invite all Garbhats, community members and village leaders to achieve the same goal of cleaning up the city properly.
Speaking to these people, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, urged those families to welcome with joy, because on his part, he has given them the spirit of helping those who are like These families, who were affected by the disaster, were destroyed by the storm.
He said that in the MDC election, the name of Bah Bormanding Nonglang should be sent as the candidate, as he has been an office bearer who has served the party for many decades.
“Of course, the special invitation extended by KAS is to Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala, Rajya Sabha MP Dr. W Kharlukhi, Minister of Arts and Culture, “I have thanked Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah AL Hek, CEM of KHADC who are involved in this project and also with KAS,” said Dr Nonglait.
After this threat, the buyers will explain the 16 numbers and after receiving this number they can easily withdraw the money of these people.
People from Wapungskur also came out to search for the woman.
They recalled that the Assam police have attacked the people in Huhuapara village in the past years, because at that time there was no police station in Malangkona.
Shillong, Naitung 9: U Bah Mansturdy Nongrem has won the election to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any candidate.
Ten years ago, a fire broke out at a karaoke bar in Hub Ho Chi Minh City, killing 32 people and injuring 17 others. injured in the fire.
However, in all these years, due to poverty, deprivation of families, other high paid ethnic groups have taken advantage of the opportunity to visit each other not for true love but for the sake of income and After this, the doors were opened to other brothers and sisters.
“There has been a confusion among the people why only 10 years has been extended but I want to clarify that this is not new but it has been extended every 10 years since then.
PwD voters and Senior Citizen voters can apply for the Postal Ballot through Form 12D, which will be distributed by the BLOs. These forms shall be submitted to the BLO within 5 days of the notification of the Election.
The stories also go hand in hand.
“Without vision and lack of knowledge, a nation is lost.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 20: The residents of Rambrai area have demanded that the government should improve the roads in the area, especially the road from Rambrai to Mawlangsu which passes through Phudumbah, Domkohmen and other villages.
Srikanth easily advanced to the second round by beating France's Toma Junior Popov 21-1 21-16 in the men's singles.
Winnerson was welcomed by BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin, MLAs AL Hek, Sanbor Shullai and Mariahom Kharkrang. .
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, also acknowledged that the issue raised by Bah Adelbert is one that many parents and children have come to inform him.
The British Defense Ministry has received information that Russia has used these holes to detain its own troops because of their refusal to fight in Ukraine.
Therefore, the union has closed down these offices and sent out all the employees who are still busy to do their jobs.
This has affected the households as Meghalaya has the highest food insecurity rate (65.9%) in the country.
Recently, there were five hotels in Shillong which the Board has ordered to close down.
On this occasion, u Bah Shylla said that the MDCs have not reached a decision because some have said that the term of office of the MDC should be extended, but some have said that it should go smoothly.
Meanwhile, the College of Architecture and Urban Planning in Tura is expected to be completed in parts before the end of this year.
Because of this, there was a significant difference in the death rates from the disease in these two cities: St Louis had about 31 deaths per 100,000 people per week while Philidelphia 257 deaths per 100,000 people per week.
Lajong have won 7, drawn 5 and lost 4 out of 16 games since the start of the 2023-24 season.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday warned the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that it is not good to compete with the The Reservation Policy, as it may destroy or destroy even the future of the youth of the state.
They said that while the bridge is being repaired and the sun is shining, they will continue to sell their soh.
Leaders of these four civil society organizations under the banner of Save Hynniewtrep Mission today left for Ri Bhoi to hold a public meeting to seek the support of the people of Ri Bhoi. They have joined hands to demand these issues, which is part of the demand of these parties that the MDA government and the central government should implement.
For his half-century and three wickets, Shah was awarded the Player-of-the-Match award.
This village is indeed a clean village full of beauty and if you look at it you will hear and see the beauty of nature that God has created.
In my understanding, Coronavirus was sent by God to sympathize with people to repent.
Indian chess star and Olympic champion Neeraj Chopra has returned to the first position for the first time in his career. This is after the release of the new rankings of the World Athletics Championships.
, 6 Naitung: A 65-year-old woman named Mailibon Sayoo Sutnga from Barato village has been shot in the chest in a shooting incident this night. in the city of Barato.
Hong Kong and Singapore have imposed a ban on foreign travel, with Hong Kong banning the daily train to Wuhan, which has been closed since July 2020 and Singapore has also imposed a ban on entry and exit from the country, with Ong Ye Kung, Minister of Education of Singapore, saying the ban is to prevent the disruption of working hours. He said that the school children are not in danger and the closure of schools has worried their parents, nurses and doctors. He also denied that schools are the places to spread the disease and Kung said that most of the time, it is the children who are infected from the elders at home.
According to residents, some gangs who identified themselves as local organizations went to many shops and started demanding money.
After the incident, the child was rushed to Byrnihat PHC for treatment, but due to the severity of the injuries, the doctors of the PHC advised to send her elsewhere for treatment. The victim was taken to Gauhati Medical College (GMC) by a 108 ambulance accompanied by police from Byrnihat Police Station.
The abundance of these varieties in our War is a strong evidence that these varieties can thus grow in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
She said that in ignorance of the law she had imprisoned herself alone and did not tell anyone what had happened to her daughter.
In this incident, many of these vehicles were injured.
Many candidates who will come forward to contest with the people know whom to vote for and will undoubtedly give their support to a political party that benefits the people.
Chennai City FC are top with 40 points, followed by East Bengal with 36 points, Real Kashmir with 33 points, Churchill Brothers with 31 points, NEROCA with 26 points, Mohan Bagan with 26 points and Indian Arrows with points. Aizawl 18 points, Minerva Punjab 17 points, Gokulam Kerala 14 points and Lajong 11 points.
Steve Syiemlieh took three wickets for 22 runs and is also the top wicket-taker for the Tigers.
Understood citizens should not sacrifice their rights and the illegal money of the fraudsters only during the election period, protect their rights and not allow themselves to become the commodities of the traders in this is the 2023 election.
Having regard to the gamut of the legal and constitutional provisions referred to hereinabove, we are thus inclined to hold that the customary practice of collection of tolls by the Syiems and their Durbars had at the point of commencement of the Constitution of India acquired a force of law and was saved by Article 372 thereof so much to that exactions continued to be valid in terms of Article 277".
Shillong, July 8: Leaders and members of the UDP Mylliem constituency today resigned from the party and joined the new political party - the PDF. The PDF together with its leader Bah Hamlet Dohling who will contest the MLA election 2018 from Mylliem constituency from the PDF. He and the PDF leaders also strongly criticized Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh and MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew for crossing the border into Upper Shillong from Lawsohtun.
Congratulating the schools who have taken part in this programme, he also urged to train the parents of the neighborhoods to keep clean, in order to prevent the spread of pyrjong in the streets. kiar house.
“To find only government jobs in these days has become very difficult because there is a shortage of jobs but the number of job seekers has increased,” said Bah Renik.
In the meeting, the Seng demanded that the Head of NEHU should provide more detailed explanation to remove the darkness of the colleges and the students who have not yet started their classes. The National Education Policy (NEP) has been implemented.
John Kharshiing also praised the General Secretary of SAM, Neil Sootinck, saying that he is a great partner of the synjuk to organize this tournament.
Shillong: The Tyllilang Basketball League (TBS) has continued its tournament. In the women's category, the Coterie, which was also the winner of the last tournament, won United won 12 points, 67 points to
The six parties together with the Rangbah Shnongs said that the division of the JHADC constituency was done in a hurry and even the MDCs did not have the opportunity to discuss their views. discussions or consultations with leaders such as Dalloi, Rangbah Shnong, Sengbhalang and the residents of the District as a whole.
"ii) Children are the seed of the father – They inherit from the father everything, in appearance, physique, body and mentality.
“We had to be careful but there was no need to worry.
He said that the construction of the college is a long-standing decision of his because he feels sorry for the villagers especially those who come from poor families because they find it difficult to go to higher education or He said that through the opening of the college, it will be a blessing to them to continue their higher education.
The Naupang League aims to develop the children of the area and encourage talented children under the age of 5 to participate in football.
He said that as a people's leader he has experience in politics and besides being an MLA, MDC, he has also been a member of the youth wing, as president of KSU Mawlai.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 18 cases including 16 high risk contacts and 2 ILI cases.
The Congress has already announced its candidate, Vincent H Pala, and the VPP has already announced its candidate, Ricky Syngkon.
He also gave an example of the recent protests in Mizoram where the Assamese have to insult the Mizos because in Mizoram the highest positions have been held by the Mizos from the posts of DGP, SP, DC and so on. ter.
The Navy team is sending the ROV back to search for it once more.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and the MLAs who flew from Kolkata to Shillong.
The program on November 2 from 2 to 3 pm will include a Sacrament service; 3 to 4 pm will be the Holy Mass.
In West Jaintia Hills, two projects have been constructed including the improvement of Trangblang Ground at a cost of T.10.88 lakh and Demthring Ground at a cost of T.10.70 lakh.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, on Tuesday visited Umrit, Ri Bhoi District. Western and Jirang Constituency.
He said that the dismissal of the BDO has surprised the people because if they come to Nonglang on foot, they are still comfortable because of the proximity.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The State Government today set up two committees to investigate whether there are any drugs that are no longer suitable for use in government hospitals.
The government's response to the death of (L) Bah Che has spread within a year in Mukhroh, West Jaintia Hills recently.
At the same time, PK Boro also threw the flag.
According to Dr Mukul, this is the preparation made by the party across the country to prepare for the elections.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government will prepare for the implementation of the National Food Security Ordinance, 2013 in the state. you price tad.
Vi Priority is a service that focuses on providing user satisfaction as well as the best service, bringing various offers to make users more satisfied. .
“Those who tamper with the number plates will be punished according to the rules of law and their driving license may be revoked immediately,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
Therefore, we are urged to do something to get that medicine as soon as possible.
This action of the government has been like a stinginess in the work and has put problems to the people and Rangbah Shnongs and remains in darkness and has also put problems to the government departments which need to cooperate with the village authorities when use any development scheme.
The opening ceremony was conducted by the President of VO Nongryngkoh, Kong Roibok Passah in the presence of Waheh Shnong Watsing Papeng, Adviser of VO Molning Lamare and members of VO. , said that women have a great role to play in the development of the society and urged the members of the five SHGs under this VO to have trust in each other and if there is Differences of opinion should be resolved within the meetings of members and should not be used to improve the performance of the group and to succeed in the work.
However, after the elections and the new votes, the Congress won many votes but only because there is no BJP in Delhi, the NPP was able to form a government with the UDP, PDF, HSPDP and BJP. The MDA government has been accused of corruption and corruption.
The incident has angered the Speaker of the Dorbar, who has tried to talk to the people to move the road to a quieter place, but because the driver was not present at the place. , so this purpose is not true.
Many senior BJP leaders, including Home Minister Amit Shah, have insisted that the introduction of the CAB is to give citizenship rights to non-Muslims in Pakistan. Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
Toningbath Sangma (30 min) and Weltin Sangma (50 min) scored the second goal.
The residents of Moodymmai alleged that these trees were cut down by the residents of Maskut.
Shillong, July 18: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday urged the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to meet face to face with the Chief Minister. They asked for more clarification on the issue of the Lokayukta instead of taking the path of protest.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah H.Khyriem, one of the community leaders of Nartiang, said that the Nartiang area is deeply saddened by the incident. The newspaper reported that the residence of our leader was hit by a petrol bomb.
On this occasion, the audience was also entertained by the dances and songs of the children.
Gilbert G. Kharraswai, General Secretary Mawsynram Block, who resigned from the TMC, said that the reason why he joined the BJP is because their candidate. Batskhem Marbaniang, who will contest from the TMC party, did not get the ticket, after the party announced the names and therefore they decided to support Bah HM Shangpliang.
Sodum surrendered an AK 47, two magazines and 31 rounds of ammunition, while Saintchecker surrendered a 9mm pistol, one magazine and six rounds of ammunition, police said.
“After the first time, I felt like there was no point in fighting and so he continued to sleep with me and I saw how much Akbar was shocked when he found out that I was sleeping with him. make friends with the male workers".
However, as a leader, he should have been more careful so that it would not affect others.
It has also made it easier and more convenient for the residents in urban and rural areas to get medicine in times of illness.
It is on this basis that the CAG has recommended to the government to send an inquiry to find out the facts and punish those involved according to the rules of law.
On the other hand, Bah DL Warjri said that it is also necessary to live a disciplined life and build one's life to raise the dignity of one's own country and one's clan in order to raise the dignity of one's nation. .
After a thorough investigation into the seizure of the drugs, the Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case at Umiam Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to find out more. to those who are involved in this work.
These policemen were honored and encouraged for their good service and good work in the field of crimes against women and children.
The inspection started from Liar Pam Kam which has almost collapsed due to the landslide due to the construction of the road, from Jingkieng Myntdu at Treiongriang and ended at Oor-Khla.
There should be no one to find out the truth,” said Nia.
They are former Secretary of the Coal Ministry HC Gupta, KC Samria and KS Kropha, former Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
From June 2017 to May 2020, the amount released was Rs 68.01 lakh for the payment of food allowance or other assistance to 1041 beneficiaries. CMSAS scheme but it was found that the money has not been deposited into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries.
The water suppliers in the area began to panic and fled further away after the cold water came out of the well.
Therefore, let us work together to promote the rights of human beings, to rise together when we fall, to rise together when we are burdened.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 50 lakh tyngka worth of illegal drugs from the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
He said that in fact the officers from the education department have sent many letters to the state government but no reply has been received.
It may be recalled that the Aradonga Area Unit of FKJGP under the leadership of Trellingstar D. Shira President and Enbok Marak General Secretary, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, to take action. so that the construction of this road will go smoothly without any problems.
Shillong: The All Adhoc School Teachers Association (ASU) of Meghalaya, under the leadership of Bah Kenneth Shadap, on Tuesday said that there are many problems affecting education in the state. the Education Constitution to investigate the issues that have arisen.
He said the Congress has already prepared for the MDC elections for the two ADCs, KHADC and JHADC.
The MoU is important for public distribution and consultation and also for discussion in the House before being signed in Delhi.
Nongpoh, Nailar 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie (HYC) Sengkmie today planned to hold a discussion on the demarcation issue at Patharkhmah today. The committee invited by the HYC did not attend the meeting.
He said it has been postponed and will be announced later in the day.
The Governor said that another goal of the government is for the health and to provide the best health care to the people and on this he said that the Megha Health Insurance Scheme ( MHIS), Phase IV along with the Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) which was launched in November
“I haven't seen anything and I don't believe the postmortem report because the International Hospital is a police station,” said the mother, Victoria Kharkongor.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Prime Minister said, “We have not yet looked into it but we have already discussed it.
The Village Council of Mawlai Iewrynghep has congratulated Bah Marbud Dkhar on achieving his goal so that he can work better for the people of Mawlai Village.
In another report, it was learned that the refusal of the VPP to join hands with the opposition has made it difficult for the TMC and Congress to elect a leader as there are only five members from both the parties. want to be a leader.
NPP leaders suspect that someone is involved in the disappearance of the candidate.
“It is not a rule that only those who have been vaccinated can go to places of worship but it would be better if people who have been vaccinated can go to places of worship. I mean Blei".
He attributed the defeat to the threat of insurgent groups and civil society groups not to participate by blaming the Congress.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The NPP-led committee to form a new government has suddenly increased from 29 to 32 members just hours after they came to meet the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan to show the payment.
Of these, 2,508 are still undergoing treatment and 3,762 have been discharged.
Toi, in the first half, Lajong had many chances but every time they tried they didn't reach the goal as they had planned.
If it affects Assam, it will affect our state.
More than 350 students from schools, higher sec and colleges attended the rally.
In the other two Group-A matches on Tuesday, Madan S&CC won by beating Ïatyllilang SC 3-0 .
Due to the rain, we have to postpone the opening day of the festival, carefully, the safety of the visitors to the festival.
The Union recently met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh to inquire about the delay in the implementation of the project. The Central Electrical Authority (CEA) has issued its clearance but the state government is now sending another inspection to those areas to be affected and will also wait for a report on the environmental impact.
The State Government has called for a 'La-ren' to remove the shiah which has been threatening the Jaidbynriew for a long time, that is, to remove the Khar Metor who live in Them Iew Mawlong.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 89553 and out of these 85556 have recovered and 1503 have died.
He said that all the residents have agreed and submitted all their documents and after the district administration of West Khasi Hills has registered them all they are happy.
At the same time, the Executive Engineer of PWD admitted that after today's incident, the completion of the new Legislative Assembly will be delayed.
Shortly after, many of them came in front of the Nongmensong OP and started touching one of the arrested persons and shouted at the police and CRP, who were present at the scene. Two police vehicles, three private vehicles and three two-wheelers were also damaged in the blast. Three CRP personnel were also injured in the blast. .
Shillong, November 2: The HSPDP and KHNAM MDCs today announced their support for the People Democratic Forum (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. The Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has asked whether the two political parties have decided to join hands with the Congress party in Nongstoin. Many talks have emerged in these days that Bah Pynshngaiñ is against the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma, but until now Bah Pynshngaiñ is still He is the blood of the Congress party and his position as CEM in KHADC is also part of the Congress party which leads the government.
When asked whether he has joined the PDF, he said that he was ordered by the Pynursla MLA after the MPCC dissolved the Pynursla Block Congress led by Prestone Tynsong. Jansing, Mansturdy said he has not received any information on that, but his support for the PDF may have some reason.
Not only did they spend days in public works, but they also spent tens of thousands of rupees to transport stone in trucks to put in the wells, but when the rainy season came, the road became worse. more.
The check was handed over to Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Shree Suresh Shovasaria, Senior Executive, Star Cement.
Blue Origin says the six glass panes are nearly three times the size of glass panes normally installed on spacecraft and are the largest glass panes ever used, where walk into the air.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by MLA Adelbert Nongrum and former MLA and Minister Roshan Warjri.
Other reports said the death toll in England rose to 979 and the death toll in the United Kingdom rose to
“We have requested the Chief Minister regarding the road from Weiloi to talk to the DONER and he has promised to take action on this issue. The Chief Engineer of PWD has been handed over to the Chief Engineer of PWD but we don't know whether the Engineer has been sent to the Planning Department or not. " said Rowell Lyngdoh.
He said that the allegations that when new cases appear, and they get more money, this is very wrong because there has never been such a thing.
All 58,649 of those arrested in Delhi are aged 18 to 30 years.
He said that the roads and buildings and many development works that have happened are due to the signing of the Social Peace Agreement but the State Government does not take responsibility for itself while the leaders involved in signing the Social Peace Agreement shah ieh how.
In West Khasi Hills, 16 cases, 4 cases in Mairang Mission Cluster and 4 cases in Wahrit Cluster.
Kishor Kanani, Health Minister, Gujarat, along with other Gujarat government officials, met Conrad Sangma on 15th March
Shillong: Two persons accused of being leaders of the independent candidate from Ummulong Moodymmai constituency today lodged a police complaint against the accused Klinsman Lamare, Election Agent of the Congress party. Three persons identified as Dame Dhar from Ummulong, Gabbar Issback and Mira Pyngrope from Wahrymbai said that this is a baseless allegation.
But now, people have destroyed me, They have despised me, They have blocked the way.
He urged the residents by saying that the Congress party has a strong and clean foundation and is also a party with a proper policy and free will of all.
But one of the most difficult paths ahead of him was the sexual one.
Shillong, July 11: At least 50 to 100 candidates have applied for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
KHLIEHRIAT: Mayalang Ymbon from Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills, who is studying B.Tech at the National Institute of Technology (NIT), has won the title of Miss Lukha in the Miss Lukha contest. '.
The Chinese government's permission to screen Marvel's Superheroes comes after China lifted the curfew in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
It also signed Senegalese Adou Karim Samb and Brazilian Renan Paulino De Souza.
For me, football helps the children to spend time and also to get rid of these evils,” said AIFF Regional Development Officer Bilal Ahmed Punjabi.
These 42 months were the time when the Third Temple would be built in Jerusalem.
“There is a big problem with the quality of education, because they have declined sharply in education and we blame the government for the decline in education, but when they ask for doctors, they engineer, we don't have these people and we need to improve education.
The ceremony was held at the conference hall of the SP's office and was conducted by Rtn.
If you need to take receipts from the Bharat Scouts and Guides, Teachers Welfare Fund, the Ministry of Education will issue receipts, and you do not need to ask for money or pay money to take them from schools. “It doesn't benefit schools to improve education,” she added.
Speaking to media, Mawrie said, “The belief of our Inchage, Dr Chuba Ao, that in the BJP party there is a division and there is a threat of them. Some people want to leave the party because they don't like my leadership.
The date of birth for those participants should be: Under 14 years – from 1st June, 2010 onwards and Under-17 years – from 1st June, 2007 onwards.
He said that the Employment Exchange in Nongstoiñ was established in 1974 and the Employment Assistant Bureau in Mawshynrut was established in
Shillong: Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun has expressed his strong opposition to the proposal to sell land to the Assam Rifles in Umtyrnga area, Jirang constituency.
Other speakers included Jowai Central MDC Andrew Shullai, RL Blah, Leader of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Rikut N. Pareiñ, former President of JSU, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Incharge KSU West Jaintia Hill District. , Dondy Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary, Satly Ryngkhlem, Vice President, KSU, East Jaintia Hills and others.
They also beat her and one of them raped her.
Police sources said the group has also signed an agreement with another militant group from Nagaland and plans to start their first training trip to Nagaland on 17th July.
The victim, Sanjay Biswas, said that the robbers had phoned him to buy building materials and offered to sell them at a very high price. He agreed to inspect these nar rods for himself and to transport them from Guwahati to Silchar.
Brampton has a population of about 7,00,000 and is also the city with the largest Punjabi population.
The Government should speak out and we demand that the Meghalaya Police should immediately stop this killing, robbery and arrest of people if it really wants peace in the country. State.
and I long I am very skilled.
Mairang : The General Observer for the 30th Mairang (ST) and 31st Mawthadraishan (ST) Constituencies has been appointed. Dr. TG Vinay, IAS, has arrived in Eastern West Khasi Hills District and anyone who has any complaint regarding any violation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) in the district can call him. 9233517916, or you can also meet him at Circuit House, Mairang from 3 pm to 4 pm.
The program was enriched by the participation and encouragement of the Senior Advisor, Sir Terence Sawian and Legal Advisor, Western Region, Sir Fivestar Suiam.
Two of these children are cow farmers from Mawphyrnai village near Mawnai village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
For more than 30 years, the civil society has been opposing the railway line to transport goods and passengers to Khasi-Jaintia.
From now on, those who are religiously inclined or religiously inclined whether they are Sengbhalang leaders, political party leaders, village/raid/Hima leaders should be punished and should remember not to be afraid. Meghalaya is a Christian state because it affects others.
He said that it is through this dance that all the elders, youth and children have gathered together in one place to take part in this religious service which we thank God. Nongbuh Nongthaw who has protected us for 10 years and has delivered the Raid from the plagues and also to deliver us from the problems during the following year especially the dance that Longshwa mynshaw has done. and we also call it the Shad Rah Kynthei.
“He said that at the UDA meeting held last month, there were some MDCs who did not appear at all who are not in the EC. “Those who said that there has been an order to dissolve the UDP. I don't know where that order came from,” he said.
At the same time, he said, “It is better to lose an election than to deceive the people in many ways or by deceiving the people. support in any struggle".
At the end of the meeting, the Self Help Groups (SHGs) were honoured.
Guwahati: The number of coronavirus cases in Assam has risen.
She shared that between her athletic and academic journeys there was a period of overlap.
He said that there are many allegations in the media that the BJP has done something against the MDA government by using the word Modi Meghalaya but this is not true because this has been done by the BJP. Opposite Side.
“He is indeed the President of the People,” she said and it is our duty to fulfill his wish.
On Thursday, the match will be between Langsning FC which is in second place and Rangdajied United FC which is in third place.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lamphrang said that the reason why they left the party is because they don't have any hope for the party in Mawsynram especially in the border areas.
Shillong, November 10: HANM Jaintia Hills together with the Jaintia National Council (East and West Jaintia Hills) today announced that they will hold a protest on the occasion of the New Year. ) in their emergency meeting announced that they will hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong on the 21st of this month, and from that meeting they will announce the date of their protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: All India Congress Committee Spokesperson Supriya Shrinate on Tuesday rejected the BJP's promise to set up a Special Task Force headed by a retired Supreme Court judge. The investigation into corruption against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) is just a “nonsense.
Jowai: There is no new case of Coronavirus in West Jaintia Hills, said doctors and district officials after a misunderstanding when asked by reporters at the Civil Hospital in West Jaintia Hills. Ialong Today is the day.
She is survived by three daughters, Dr Ibanylla Mylliemngap (Dentist), Dr Wanbhanylla Mylliemngap MBBS and the last one who is still studying in her final year.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has purchased up to 8 Maruti Eco Vans and the Government has allowed the Ministry to purchase 12 small vehicles to start implementing NERS. MDTs, First Aid Boxes and Fire Extinguishers weighing 10 kilograms were seized.
Even after the state joined India in 1961, this Act is still in force.
The Federation of Khasi States has also expressed its surprise to read the reply of the Government of India on the VAB, through a letter from the MHA No. 11012/144/2015 NE:IV January States expresses its regret over the silence of the KHADC authorities on this letter which shows the Government of India's lack of recognition and acceptance of the Dorbar Shnongs in Ri Khasi because according to the Sixth Scheduled they wanted to introduce Village Councils and Municipal Councils on the basis of Adult Suffrage and in which other tribes and original inhabitants had to be included in these new structures.
TBn also gave a prayer of blessings to all the children of the District.
Historian Howard Zinn taught to read or write history from the point of view of the people and wrote a great history book called, Peoples History of the United States.
Through reading, you will discover what other states or countries have done to bring about change that will benefit the people.
Those who attended the function included RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, as the chief guest, Paiem W.Syiem Nongshai, Sordar of Nongpoh Sirdarship District, Bah CB Syiem, Chairman of NTC, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary NTC, Bah O. Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Mawroh, Rangbah Shnong of the area and vendors who came to the new Step Market.
I cannot understand that at a time when people are suffering and starving, we still have time to hate, hate, despise and despise our fellow human beings.
Police have registered a case at Madanryting Police Station.
“If anyone applies for a Schedule Tribe who belongs to the Meikha clan, he cannot be given a kur,” he said. Erwin said.
“The people of Ri Lum Khasi have their own identity and uniqueness in all aspects, but due to the lack of sufficient leaders to make sufficient laws to uphold the customs and traditions, Most of the laws passed by the leaders are against the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hills,” said Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : The U-19 Coach Behar Trophy match between Meghalaya and Karnataka started on Saturday at the MCA Stadium in Polo.
We will fight for the restoration of justice".
Furthermore, Bah Kharpran said that the MBA expects to send about 10 players from the state to participate in the championship.
In this regard, the BJP said that the Act aims to provide equal access to education and includes all minorities, such as Muslims, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains as well.
The State has electricity generation projects such as Umïam, Umtrew, Myntdu-Leshka and Ganol which has not yet started 10 units.
Shillong, November 12: The Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Manstudy Nongrem, on Tuesday said that he agrees with the speeches of Bah Bindo M Lanong and supports the speech of Bah Bindo M Lanong. He said the BJP is a party that wants to convert everyone to Hinduism besides its ban on beef.
Shillong, Lber 27: Thirteen political parties are still waiting for the government to call for talks on the ILP, but according to media reports, the state government has not yet decided to call for talks. to the organization.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the State Government has issued an Office Memorandum explaining how to prepare the Roster System for the implementation of the Reservation Policy in the departments. The various activities of the State Government in the Districts and Sub-Divisionals will greatly benefit the Khasi and will greatly benefit the Garo.
On the maintenance of the dam, Mondal said it may be slightly longer at least in November this year because instead of painting, it has been decided to paint with dewbilat. , where it takes about 28 days for it to dry enough for vehicles to travel, unlike the color which is suitable for travel even in the morning.
Shillong: The Central Government has sent Rs 2.70 crore to the Government of Meghalaya for the construction of a road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji village adjacent to the uranium mine in South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Jacob Shylla. All the messages of condolence sent from all over the Khasi Hills have reached more than 40 messages.
After his defeat, Bah Samlin, who won from the HSPDP, is also in power and in the government.
To date, about 80% of the residents of West Khasi Hills are dependent on agriculture.
Larnai village, which is located near Ummulong village and is about 10 km from National Highway 44, is famous for its quarrying.
On the day of the examination, Bhalang prayed that if God wills, he will reach the goal as expected by the principal and his family.
She also stressed the need to take medicines until the treatment is completed.
He stressed that the public awareness campaign to protect the environment should not end in one day but should be incorporated into our daily lives.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah SS Rapthap General Secretary of the SSA said that the temporary collapse of the gallery was due to the overcrowding and the crowd of spectators.
We are sure that even the secretariat is closed on Sunday as it is a special holy day”.
It is worth mentioning that the NPP candidate Bah Martin M Dangngo has recently resigned from the party to contest from the BJP. The meeting also decided to send two names to the party, Bah Nelbi Sangma and Bah Kitborlang, as candidates.
According to information received by this reporter, it was decided that through this meeting, it was decided to temporarily ban any groups from visiting the area, so that it will not cause any trouble. hura in this area.
God said to Samuel, “I am grieved, because I have made Saul king, because he hath turned away from following me, and hath not kept my commandments” (1 Samuel 15:11).
However, Marngar said that since 2016-17, the contractors in West Khasi Hills have been ringing swai and sdot with the passing of the days, especially those class III, class II contractors and even those class I contractors. There are also only a few contractors who are still involved in the project.
The troops who were present at the scene rushed to the scene to control the riots and fired tear gas to disperse the crowd and prevent the destruction of houses.
The first meeting was held near the Assam Police Station on the other side of Langpih Market and the second meeting was held at Langpih Market near the memorial to (L) Bah Hopingstoen Lyngdoh.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PBO Warjri, Chief Secretary, State as the Chief Guest and Bah M.Kharkrang, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills as the Chief Guest.
“If there is an accident that the Dorbar Shnong Mawbah will disappear and their Panchayat Committees will come out and if we need any documents from the Dorbar Shnong we will have to thank their Panchayat Committees. Aris said that Preston said that the government intends to keep these Harijans in the areas. different not only one place to all.
“According to the investigation, he misused the password given to him on trust by another employee (which is the opposite) for several months to steal the money and as it is, he The money was spent on online activities,” said Dr. MGR Kumar, IPS, Sr.
He said he had received information that the Christians in the state have not given much connection with the BJP and he said he does not know why the people have felt like this but he said that in Goa for the first time when the BJP came to power, the people of Goa also had the same thought that the party would end and change their Christianity but in fact such a thing has never happened to our Christian brothers and sisters.
The people living on the border with Assam, have been facing these problems, where their farmland has been destroyed by the Assam police.
On the RTI of MDC scheme 2019-2021 through Bah Sebasius, the Seng has asked about the purchase of solar lights from 2019-20 at the price of 2600000 (two hundred and seventy lakh) without seeing a single solar light. light within the constituency, is unacceptable, the distribution of MDC scheme only in a few villages in tens of thousands of lakhs each village is irregular without considering other villages which have within the constituency.
It is also during the talk shows that singers and film stars have the opportunity to announce their new films and at the same time release their new songs.
He said that if the 60 MLAs cannot implement the demand for ILP in the state, it is time for the people of the state to come forward and join hands to fight for ILP in the state. .
There are about 500 Daju who have already registered with the Mylliem Hima office and who should receive uniforms. Out of these 500 Daju, 250 are Khasi and 250 are Khasi. foreigners who have obtained a Labor License.
Prayer is a missile to strike the strongholds of Satan.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has donated food items to three poor families in Mukhla Nongrim village, Jowai Constituency.
The seven Congress leaders include Kantilal Bhuria from Mahakaushal, Leader of the Opposition Dr Govind Singh from Gwalior Chambal, Jitu Patwari from Malwa and Ajay Singh Rahul from Bundelkhand. Arun Yadav from Nimad, Suresh Pachauri from Narmadapuram and Kamleswar Patel from Vindhya will lead the seven yatras, he said.
“I promise the residents that we will work hard to provide and improve the health facilities from PHCs and CHCs to meet the demand of the people,” said James.
Since 2020, no contractors have been able to complete the work.
After we have seen that their promise has not come true, we can say that they have made a promise to us.
Among the three candidates for the BJP ticket, all three have gone to meet the people even though it has not yet been decided who will be given the ticket.
Nongpoh: Nartap Youth Sports Club, Nartap Youth Sports Club, have won the Invitation Football Tournament 2019 at Nartap Village, after beating Jyntru Youth Sports Club by 1-0 2-1, in the final which was played at Nartap, Ri Bhoi.
The funeral service of Nasar Marwein will be held at Umsur, Nongjri, Ranikor at 12 noon on the 31st March
Wanshemlang-L-Mawlong-of-Rasong-FC has won the MOM trophy. Wanshemlang L Mawlong scored the first goal for Rasong FC in the 45+2 minutes of the first half.
This nine-verse book has exposed the greed for power and wealth of the rulers of our country until they sell their own country for their own benefit and for this reason, the nation will face a crisis.
These four athletes who will represent the Meghalaya Jeet Kune Do Association in the 2nd World Jeet Kune Do Championship to be held in Sri Lanka from 10th to 12th October 2023, include Francis RR Songthiang Ribhalin Marbaniang won the 52kg category.
When asked whether there will be any problems in this demarcation, Bah Renikton said that there will be problems but the committee is already prepared to face them.
“I am proud that our district has been free from the disease and this is due to the cooperation of the villages and the people.
The program was organized by KSU Mawlai together with Lamjingshai TI Project at Mawlai Phudmuri (ground), and was attended by youth, school children and the public.
Nongpoh, March 26: The RDBDSA today resumed the Super League at the Umsning Sports and Cultural Club in Patarim. desire to develop sports teams from Ri-Bhoi.
I will prepare for the reconstruction and development of the state,” said the TDP chief. Karnataka Chief Secretary DK Shivakumar on Tuesday said that his state has TN has decided to release 10 tmcft of water to Tamil Nadu, but TN should cooperate for the implementation of the Mekedatu Project as it will benefit both the states.
According to police sources, after receiving a tip, the ANTF conducted a raid on Friday near Moowakhu, NH-6 at about 2.30 pm to arrest the suspect. A drug trafficker, who was on his way to smuggle 10.8 kilograms of heroin from Shillong to East Jaintia Hills.
He won his first election on the Hill People Union (HPU) ticket in 1993 and in the 2008 election on the United Democratic Party ticket.
Ri Bhoi is top of Group A while South Garo Hills is top of Zone
Whether west, north, east or west, one of the discoveries and sights is the waste of wealth and time.
One of the election campaigners whom the people of the state like to listen to in the media, Bah Amazing Kurbah, said that he is not criticizing; However, it is a response to the statement of the NPP leaders when they stood on the campaign trail.
As usual in previous years, the conference was held in a hybrid format with over 500 police officers participating from different parts of the country.
“The central government has ignored the welfare of the workers and cleaned the carpet for the big companies,” she said. “Its policy is against the people, it supports only the rich. money, to companies".
The pin is T30 or T50 in length.
“This act of violence is like a degradation of the dignity of women and is a bad sign for the region and the country as a whole.
Besides, it is necessary for the village authorities to take action immediately, to create village laws and regulations to prevent the enemies from killing them. dohum.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today honored the winners of the Meghalaya Games 2024 and Khelo India Youth Games 2024 at a function held at Soso Tham. Auditorium, Shillong.
“I was surprised, from the outside, that they took the names of those who went to church and what they didn't do.
GHSMC General Secretary Augustine R Marak said today's protest was a success and the demand for Garoland will continue.
The meeting also demanded that the Central Government should repeal Paragraph 12 (a) of the Sixth Schedule as it undermines the powers of the ADCs in Meghalaya.
When asked why they speak evil of their mother's race, they replied, “If their race and their father's race are different, then they are not the children of that mother. They believe that their mother is a nuti, because she doesn't know her father anymore, so she takes the jait for herself.
She said that after the slaughter, a post mortem will be conducted to examine the blood vessels, kidneys and if no diseases are found, the slaughter will continue. until the meat is sold.
On the other hand, the DC also promised to inform the government about their other problems including their arrear and pension.
Meghalaya reached the final of the tournament by beating 2-1
Lumparing SC scored the third goal in the 41st minute.
Three climbers from the state have won medals in the North East Zonal Sport Climbing Championship 2023 which ended on Tuesday at IHCAE, Chemchey, Sikkim. .
However, in the second half, the players of Saiden Unit had the opportunity to score and for a while they hoped to win the title, but before the match reached the final, one of the players of Sangbangla Unit, , had a good chance to turn the tide 1-1
Rakkam said the task of the Commission will be to advise the state government on issues related to school and college work, salaries, operation of schools and others.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has strongly condemned the use of force by the police against the protesters who protested against the proposed expansion of the dewbilat factory in Thangskai village. , East Jaintia Hills which will take place today 24th July
Ashutus Kumar, a foreigner, has been killed by unidentified persons at Lad Pasyih, Phramer Traffic Cell, West Jaintia Hills.
When asked how many times they will take action if the government does not listen, the speakers said that for now, they will go through the process of making their request public, but if the government does not listen, or do anything, they shall hold a meeting to take decisions on this matter.
N.Lyngdoh, now about 30 years old, Bah Herlambok War, has urged the new leaders of the Meghalaya Indigenous People's Front (MIPF) to lead the country and the nation forward with a pure purpose. , because when you enter a new house you need to improve (Finishing Touch) and when you start you have to face many difficulties and when you start jam you will see these difficulties.
Earlier, National President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the state, said that according to the votes of the MLAs in the last elections, the party received more than 3.18 lakh votes.
Sacred Heart Girls Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Phudmuri today held the Inter School Sports Meet 2024 at Savio Junior Ground, Mawlai Umjaïur today. second.
He also mentioned on April 13, 1951 when Assam deprived them of their rights in Lumding.
Lamlynti Football Club has won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023, which was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground.
This is my first time to participate in government politics after decades of being a leader of political parties and a preacher to win parties in various elections and now it is my turn to I will try my best to achieve the aspirations of the people of the state,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Members of the opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 25th November left the Council in protest after the ruling party decided to proceed with the approval. on the KHAD District Administration Amendment Bill, 2023.
They also left the House as a sign of protest against this introduction in a language they did not understand.
Shillong, June 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday blamed the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma for the issue of border demarcation. They are not on the list of villages in Meghalaya which was submitted by the previous Congress government in 2011 to the Assam government.
We said in chapter two that one of the components of this atmosphere that is all around us is carbon dioxide; the other is nitrogen.
After extra time, it was decided to play a tie breaker.
However, since the announcement, it has been almost two months since we received food every day,” said the woman.
What is not expected is that the Coronavirus will cause a lot of confusion among the people when the flu season and the cold and flu season come.
Police said the girl had been missing from her residence for about a week before her body was found.
On the other hand, the supporters of the doctor who have returned to the congress bhavan to resolve these issues and on their part they have expressed whether the party will still accept or not. After they became angry and their visit to force the doctor is not the reason why they hate Bah Gabriel but the violence of the Congress leaders in relation to the ticketing system.
Members of the public have been advised not to travel along the highway without the knowledge of the traffic police, police officials said.
The program was enriched by traditional dances by the women and youth of Tuber Kmaishnong.
In the Under-17 Boys, the players of Okkapara Sec School of South West Garo Hills won by 2 goals against Rangthong Christian Hr.Sec School.
The Government has admitted that the attendance of employees today was as usual at 80 percent and there was no impact on the operation of government offices.
Adelbert handed over these computers at a meeting held at the hall of the college in the presence of Secretary Richard H.Dkhar, Principal Wandur Basan Rynjah, teachers and staff of the college.
College, Jowai at 8 pm and St. Edmund's College, Shillong at 10 pm.
When asked by Augustine Nongrum how much a cow costs at the market, Nongrum said that at the market, 100 cows are sold and not one.
On the other hand, Bah Bantei also donated T.5 lakh to the WJDSA and promised to give his right hand for the development of sports.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the village leaders have been able to show that Jaïaw Langsning is a leader and an example.
This stadium is the first stadium in the State to meet international standards.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that this decision was taken at the meeting after the request of 7 villages to remove them from the list. to the Town Committee before the start of the census for the year 20-2
We are against the relocation of this office because if it is relocated it will cause many problems to the employees, contractors and works related to the treasury, bank, DC office and this office cannot pass through the office of the Superintendinig Engineer PWD ( Rds) in Jowai,” said Alan.
According to survivors, there are more than 750 refugees including more than 100 Pakistanis along with several Egyptians, Syrians and Palestinians. The ship was boarded with the intention of sailing to Europe.
On this occasion, a memorandum was also handed over to Bah Kyrmen Shylla, which is a reminder of the request of the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai, to help in the construction of a new Dorbar Shnong and Street Lights in the village. Regarding this petition, Bah Kyrmen Shylla promised to assist and find ways and means to meet the needs of the village.
The video was released by RM Kurbah, IAS Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday at the District Library Nongpoh on the occasion of the Independence Day of Meghalaya.
The Voice of the People's Party is another party where two of the four MLA winners are new faces while two are Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem and Bah Adelbert. Nongrum from North Shillong have won the tournament in the past.
Nongpoh, June 17: Leaders of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, together with Umling Circle, on Thursday conducted a visit to the school. Jawahar NV, which is located in the village of Niangbari, Ri Bhoi District.
All these scriptures are powerful 1 Peter 1:1
She was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong and police are investigating the incident.
Until today, the teachers have not received any word from the government whether it will call for talks with them or not as they have sent a letter earlier to call for talks before the 23rd.
The Maoists suspected Kanhar of being their informant to the police.
G Kishan Reddy said that the 5G application will lead the country forward in terms of introducing Aadhar, United Payments Interface (UPI) and Digilocker in order to improve income in the modern era through you're Online.
To get non-white teeth,which can be stem or bluish,surely these can spoil your whole face.
Employees working in offices such as Computerization, Special Branch, Training are not covered by this requirement.
After the participation of the MDCs to discuss the issue, Bah Sylliang replied that he has to issue licenses to foreigners because they have all the documents and if not, he will issue licenses to foreigners. say they threatened to go to court.
Rymbai said that the RTI request from the EE of PWD (Roads) Shangpung Division is because he has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya State Lokayukta. regions are very old.
In the past six years, the Modi government has undergone a major transformation in the electricity sector.
Jowai, Nailar 31 : The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills District has conducted the first Special Camp to raise awareness among the people to link their EPIC to the your Aadhar.
Besides, those coming from Smit and Mawryngkneng areas are most affected as vehicles going to Shillong have to face heavy traffic jam in Laitkor, Nongthymmai and Laitumkhrah areas.
At the same time, he congratulated the KSU Mawlai for this award ceremony which has encouraged the youth in various fields of study.
He is happier to earn money than to escape the traffic jam in Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung, 06: The All Garo Hills SSA School Teachers' Association (AGHSSASTA) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi through the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to release the salary suspended for three months, from June to July,
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Ananstar Peiñlang, vice president of FKJGP Nongstoiñ circle, said that the vehicles and people passing by the road have been very crowded especially during the rainy season. it's too bad.
He also agreed to discuss the demand to set up a special committee to discuss the issue of Hima Mylliem.
We have trained the youth in various fields through the ASPIRE programme,” said Sangma.
While Rida, who has to do and experience this, often feels sad and depressed in her heart even though she doesn't want to express it outside.
However, the surprising thing is that other parties have also attended the meetings and this happens even in the meetings held by the MLAs. that they have always won.
If this happens, it is pleasant to warn them strongly so that they will not be able to stand for election.
“This meeting will help to revive the spirit of those who have taken a pledge in front of the statue of the hero of the nation, not to violate the foundations of the nation,” said Bah Saibon.
As a resident, I am surprised by your prayers”.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that the State Government is working to introduce a state action plan to address climate change.
You have witnessed that in these days the global temperature has increased significantly and in this area we have also witnessed the heat and this first increase in heat will lead to floods.
“We have decided to auction this vacant land to provide the list of teams for the 2nd Division tournament,” said Ma Lammat OO. in this auction market.
He struggled to escape and left home to look for his enemies.
Although Shangpliang has not yet left the AITC, the signs show that he will leave the AITC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee. to Murmu.
In this regard, it is clear that I have accused John Robert of misleading me and considering myself a Khasi.
I lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.
The deadline for registration for the 4th Shillong 10k Marathon will be on 20th July
The book came to the house of Drein Buhphang, which is near their house in Madan ïng Syiem.
He said that the media should not mislead the people or give false news.
When it was night, Lydia's parents did not allow Hep to leave the house without eating or drinking.
The construction was scheduled to start from 21.09.2022 and end on 21.09.2025 and the width of the road will remain the same.
The 28th Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 will be held from 19th to 21st June 2023 at the District Sports Office, Nongstoin. NDSA, Nongpyndeng Playground, Nongstoin.
“There are comments regarding his preparation to leave the NPP, but most of the time they like to throw stones at the same tree and the MDA Government led by the NPP has It has helped the people of the State.
“Without rain, it's shaei,” said the father, still drinking the tea.
Referring to the victory of the football team from the state in the Khelo India Youth Games against Punjab, the Chief Minister said, “It is a great pride. I would like to thank all of us for the fact that the youth have been able to bring titles and awards to the state and this shows that our youth have not lagged behind compared to others.
Witnesses said that the vehicle was driving very fast and when they reached the scene and collided with the truck, the driver of the vehicle could not control the vehicle. which he was driving and which caused the tragic accident.
It is worth mentioning here that many private YouTube channels have emerged that act as journalists, who explain and publish news on their YouTube channels as they please without knowing and following the rules.
More than 500 Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnong leaders will take part in the march.
It has turned into a victory for the people of the area in all aspects.
I am destroyed !"Rishi has been undergoing treatment in New York since 2018 and has just returned in November
Twenty persons have been arrested and charged under the Excise Act.
There is no longer any difference between the MDA II and Conrad.
If we reach that goal we will get what we want,” said Bah Larsing.
In West Khasi Hills, 5 cases, Ribhoi 55, West Jaintia Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 17, West Garo Hills 16, South West Garo Hills 4 and South Garo Hills
T.Lentur, Committee Service Officer and Bah SA Kylla Rangbah.
As the match went on, one of the players of Umsawkhwan SC, had a good chance to score the goal and which gave the team a 1-0 victory against Umeit SC won the first title.
“We are also looking at the idea of ​​collaborating with the universities which are operating well in Meghalaya especially those in Ri-Bhoi where there are many private universities which have not already operated. “I don't want any of these universities to cooperate with us through the PPP mode and this is especially true in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills,” said Dr. Ampareen.
Commenting on the situation, the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa in a tweet said that he has taken action regarding the release of water from Kurichhu Dam.
These pipes of the well according to information can support only 10 platforms (water supply and many houses) but now they have been built to supply up to 121 pipes because only houses in Mawbidong and Manad, 145 out of 10 water treatment plants have been expanded.
In the petition, the union also said that the police department needs to strengthen the Infiltration Branch to curb the illegal entry of foreigners and foreigners.
The state government has been given 14 days to respond and take other measures if necessary”.
He said that the cultivation of rice alone is not very profitable, but there should be other ways to improve and develop such as small factories so that the income will increase.
This order was issued as part of the ban on any public gathering around and outside the offices of the Returning Officers, so as not to disrupt the movement of people and vehicles during the that the candidates are going to register.
In the sansien it lost four times and drew once.
However, over the years the number of residents has increased.
He said that in the past months the party leaders have already met and talked to the government ministers but while talking, they said that they will meet first with the prime minister and if they talk today too. it's just a drink of tea but it doesn't matter.
He said the party under the leadership of Modi will ensure that the schemes of the central government reach Meghalaya.
These central government schemes are funded at a share of 90 per cent by the central government and 10 per cent by the state government.
The leaders who were sworn in include Bah Sainkupar Kharjana as Adviser, Shinestar Kharpran as President, Pynshngaiñ, Thangkhiew as Vice President, Dondor Thabah as General Secretary and including 21 other members of this circle.
Why should we do that? She said that the Government in the year 2021-2022 has spent T.91.2 crore for the monthly salary of ASHAs. The Fixed Monthly Incentive of ASHAs and the backlog of T.53 crore has been paid in addition to the backlog of T.21.96 crore paid under the NHM.
The shortage of patients in the hospital, especially this year, has now affected the shops, grocery stores and other vendors. ler shah now, because of the great shortage of people, not as it used to be in the past.
The longkmie said that they have been paid salaries by the Dorbar Shnong and it has been a great benefit for them to fill their households. .
The NABH recognition not only benefits the patients, but also the staff at the hospital receive training, better leadership and ownership in health care. in addition to others.
“We hope that we will be able to produce a report on our inspection which will improve the work of this electricity department in the state,” said the chairman of the FFT. The Umtrew Hydro Electricity Project (NUHEP), Ri-bhoi District, has been inaugurated.
On Saturday, the price of petrol rose by Rs 59 per liter and diesel by Rs 58 per liter in Delhi, after the price of petrol rose by Rs 58 per liter for nine days.
Speaking on his victory from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor said that those who are willing to lead the party are only those who are strong and not afraid to fight with the CRP. ong “The secret blessing was that he was born in Laban because if he hadn't been born in Laban, it would have been the Dkhars who would have led Laban the Dkhar” “Fortunately, I won from Laban and I could defeat the enemy. “I have filed a case to abolish the district council and I have shot that enemy of the jaidbynriew at Shillong Club,” said Bah Sanbor.
In his speech, Bah RL Kharpran, former Minister of the village, expressed his gratitude to the former MDC Bah PN Syiem for providing the dorbar hall in Nongthymmai village. He said that he will continue to work better in the newly won constituency because as a nation we need him.
He said that he had known Wang Yi for about 10 years and had met him from time to time.
Man said that the rules do not allow the KHADC to work itself and should be handed over to the PWD. “But the CEM has promised heaven and earth”. “If you don't know the rules, you don't know the law, resign from the post,” he said.
We have elected robbers who every day steal the rights of the people.
The election commission has announced that the closing date for filing of nominations will be on 4th November, scrutiny of nomination papers will be on 5th November and withdrawal will be on 7th November.
Speaking on the dangers of Aadhaar, Pastor Pyrtuh said that the first thing is that a person's life is controlled only by using their 12 numbers.
Women or men who have inherited wealth, work hard to improve what you have received and those who have not inherited it, work hard and do what is right in whatever field you work. .
Mandaviya said it is necessary for the people to be vigilant against the spread of other types of Covid-19, which are happening in parts of the world these days.
“It is difficult to run the work unless the Government appoints a full time SDSEO,” he added.
While healthy cells are listening to other neighboring cells, cancer cells do not work to silence these other cells and do their job.
The Exhibition Cum Crop Competition was held on the 19th and 20th June, 2023 at the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Grounds. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of the constituency was the chief guest while Carness Sohshang, MDC of the constituency was the symbud chief guest.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: BJP Mahila Mandal Leader Dya Rathore has denied the allegation that the BJP government will ban the consumption of beef and the robbery of minorities.
Ronnie received training on the use of the application from the officers of the IT Cell of the Secretariat of the Legislative Assembly at the Conference Hall of the Administrative Block of the Assembly, Khyndailad, Shillong.
, Tymmenbasan and Rangbah Balang, youth and relatives of the author.
To explain in writing and publish the safety measures that people should take.
Shillong, Naitung, 12: The employees of EMRI-108 under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) on Tuesday gave only 72 hours to the State Government to dismiss the company. GVK from Meghalaya and to take over the operation of the EMRI-108 so that the residents can get adequate services.
According to the district administration of East Khasi Hills and health officials, on Thursday, 386 people have been vaccinated.
In my opinion, these diseases in our Khasi society will continue to affect our Khasi Khara society if we cannot cure this disease immediately.
“We should not act quickly to intimidate the people in the villages.
According to history, the Jowai Sub-Division was established by a Notification issued on 16 November 1869 and through this Notification the powers and areas under the jurisdiction of the officers at Jowye were defined. in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
It will not affect my preparation to contest against the Prime Minister because we have won,” he said.
He said that if anyone reports to the smugglers, the Hima will provide a buskit for half of the fine of T.
At the beginning of the 125th Anniversary Celebration, the Christian Endeavor in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, has set the theme, 'In Him We Live, We Move and We Are' which is based on Acts 17: 28.
Rose water is known to be very beneficial for the skin, protecting against sunburn and helping to improve the hydration of the skin.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held between the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District and the District Authorities of Hamren District Karbi Anglong on Thursday. The incident occurred from time to time in Sabuda area, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the JHADC Staff Association, Ma Johnson Pohrmen, said that in the past few days, the ruling MDCs in JHADC led by CEM Thombor Shiwat and Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on 8th November to explain the problems of the JHADC and the lack of salaries of the employees which has reached less than a year.
The Top-G team of the country's online shooting team defeated Purr-ple to emerge as the champions at the opening of the All-Female Counter Strike Global Offensive ( CS: GO) Qualifiers at the National Esports Championships (NEsC) 2023.
Speaking on the occasion, Sangma spoke on the Government's efforts to reopen the mining activities in the State, which have been banned by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Between chasing time and chasing work, sparing time to repair and build in this context is a big test.
The office bearers of the North East Olympic Association including the Presidents and General Secretaries of the five states, Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura on 30th November 2022 at 6 pm The meeting was held at ITC Hotel, Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
Jeffrey Lewis, director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at California's Middlebury Institute of International Studies, said China is blocking the flow of the river. China has a lot of vehicles on its side and from the estimates, it has 30-40 Indian vehicles and hundreds of Chinese vehicles”.
He also revealed that their former Chairman who left the GNLA used to hide his mobile phone inside the television box and also inside a storybook which he used to read.
He said this while laying the foundation stone for the construction of the 35 km road from 12 Mer, Tura-Dalu to Chokpot.
Pynainme Phawa was also awarded the Man of the Match.
It is learned that these 16 members want the post of Chief Minister to go back to Bah DD Lapang and the Deputy Chief Minister to Bah Prestone Tynsong.
He was an Army Officer of the 12th Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry (1997-1999) for his selflessness and courage to recapture Point 4812 of the Batalik Sector.
He said that their visit to Delhi and the beginning of the protest was in accordance with the decision reached at a meeting held in Tura on 29th April. Leaders of the GSMC, HSPDP, Bodoland, Gurkhaland, Tripraland, Kuki State, Budelkhand and Purbanchal organized by the NFNS. They shall go and raise the flags in front of the Legislative Assembly of Parliament as it is the day of the start of the Dorbar Tlang.
The Executive Committee of the UDP Pyllun Sohmynting has decided to send Ma Lakhon Dkhar as the candidate of the UDP for the 2014 MDC election from Sohmynting Khlieh Tyrshi Constituency. .
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has spoken clearly in the Assembly to extend or build this road to Maweit.
In chasing the target, Phramer didn't have a chance to score runs and lost wickets one after another and scored 96 runs in 19 overs.
Shillong, Lber 28: The State Government has rejected the nomination of Bah Don Sumer of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the post of Executive Member of the Khasi District Council. Mukul Sangma and PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council.
The purpose of this meeting was to strengthen the spirit of service especially to have closeness, love as brothers and sisters when doing any work for the good of the village. raise the glory of the village.
Raina wrote on her Instagram page, “I don't have anything, but it's a pleasure to play with you@mahi7
The vehicle (AS-01DW-7845) was on its way to Chatribari this evening to buy car parts when it collided with another vehicle. lymbub a scooty, in which a child was injured.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Melcome Umyiap President of the HSPDP Mawshynrut said that this incident has hurt our hearts as the supporters of the party and especially these two MLAs. we.
Thus, from generation to generation, the struggle to wipe out Israel from the face of the earth is not by their own thoughts or will but by Satan.
It is learned that after this anger and order of the Minister, members of the MSOA rushed to the shelters of the fighters and promised to provide shelters, sums of water, clean toilets and bam that is enough for them.
Israel is preparing to invite about 3 lakh such people.
China has now acknowledged that its troops were also killed in a clash with Indian troops in July, in which 20 Indian soldiers were killed. in Galwan and many others were injured.
· The Union Minister in charge of Sports has awarded the winners of the Fit India Quiz state-level at a function held by the Ministry in Mumbai on
The seized vehicles were No.ML10-0331 driven by Shanki Sari and owned by Pow Sari of Saphai village. Pynbha Rymbai and another Dkhar vehicle No. ASO1BC-3221 belonging to Sanjeev Kumar of Bishar.
This action of the police is to prevent people from leaving their homes and the stinginess and cleanliness of some people which can endanger all the people of the state.
When the teachers were appointed by the Congress government, there was a lot of corruption.
“Today, 7 districts have been affected by the cyclone, the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to provide emergency assistance to the affected families, such as tin sop peng, khaw,” he said. Conrad.
Earlier, the government had appointed an inquiry into the allegations of misuse of funds in the GHADC in the year 2009-1
Shillong, Naiwieng, 09: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has gained strength in Garo Hills with the joining of 700 supporters of other parties to the BJP. Dormonath Sangma, MDC from Naguapara (Tikrikilla), Drozil Sangma, Chairman of C&RD Block from Ampati, Dular Sarkar, Block Secretary of Congress, Pulin. The NPP leader from Mendipathar with 700 supporters.
Woh MM Thaiang, President of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, Jowai Area Council, on his visit to the Dispensary on the 14th of this month, congratulated the Sister for her hard work in running the Dispensary. the Dispensary.
It is to be recalled that in the past, the riwar region used to attract players from the state and other prominent clubs in the state, but now it has declined.
