This is also the first match of the I-League this year, after the suspension of the tournament since November to start the Super Cup.
Rejecting the claim of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the ASHAs receive adequate salary, the Adviser of the Union, Kong Sonny Kharjana, said; “If there are 200 ASHAs, only one or two will receive a salary of T.7000 or T.8000 because it all depends on the population.
Kohima: Traffic has been completely suspended today due to the curfew imposed by various political parties against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
It is learned that the VDP Kuliang together with the Seng Longkmie have been raiding the residence of Abraham from time to time, but have not been arrested, especially on 6th November The Village Defense Party and the Kuliang Longkmie Seng have led the Umkiang PP Police to arrest him, but nothing has been found from his body and his house. him.
Out of these 200 cases, nine cases are from West Jaintia Hills District.
“The NPP should clarify on what grounds Agatha Sangma supports while Conrad opposes,” he said. state.
Indian Foreign Minister S. Jaishankar on Tuesday said that during his meeting with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Friday, there was no discussion. -any discussions or discussions on the conflict between India and Canada at this time.
The license collection of foreigners from Mylliem has started until Laimer, in Mylliem area they have gone to collect licenses at car manufacturing plants, restaurants like Soilyna, Queen Resort. They found that although the foreigners working in these areas have a Labor License, the expiry date has expired. that they renew their license and provide within a week or two.
Because it is said that Ukraine in these days will have to fight hard to defend its border from the relentless invasion of Russia.
Adelbert said that recently the RTI seeker Disparsing Rani informed the media that the state has received T.15.61 crore from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government in Phase I and T. .104.12 crore in Phase II as financial assistance to fight against COVID-19 which has also amounted to T.119.73 crore and he asked where the T.43 crore has gone.
Shillong: The Government of India is ready to develop Shillong into one of the smart cities in India.
These soldiers served in the Assam Regiment in various places.
In the HSSLC examination, 25,900 candidates were from Arts Stream, 3684 candidates from Science Stream, 2405 candidates from Commerce Stream and 17 candidates from Vocational Stream.
“We had a law.
Besides, the Secretary said that even the NREGS work from the Block Development Officer (BDO) on 24.04.2017, for the construction of a drinking water tank in Pynthorsohma village has been suspended because the land in dispute is under the jurisdiction of the District Council, Shillong, according to TS No.
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “India free from the Congress is a dream come true,” said the BJP leader. BJP President Jagat Prakash Nadda has strongly condemned the incident and formed a team of four members to conduct an inspection. to the scene of the attack.
This incident occurred on the 30th of November 2020 at 3 pm.
It is important that we do not encourage or discourage those who are weak.
Shillong, March 2: A few months ago, journalists stood outside to get information on the decision of the Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) meeting. invitation by the Prime Minister to meet with Editors and senior newspapers.
Ms Kurbah also explained that these machines are only for training and explanation and not for use in the actual elections.
The Deputy Commissioner said there are 33 food shops in the area.
On the other hand, the agriculture department and other government departments have not shown any signs of development.
The filmmakers have never faced such a problem in the past, they have expressed their regret that until they release the films they will not be able to pay the actors' salaries which will cause more problems. said BC Wahlang, one of the filmmakers.
It has also appointed Standing Committees in all districts to expedite the investigation if there are any complaints of violence against these people.
“This area is one of the most backward areas and they have received this road after about 30-35 years so if the PWD does not build this road properly they will face many problems especially in terms of health and safety. “This area is far from the urban areas where there are markets and health centres,” said Pynroi and urged the PWD Shangpung Division to rebuild this road according to the rules and regulations. If the PWD does not comply, it will take other measures.
Up to 456 candidates took part in the examination for Class-VIII, Class-IX and Class-XI. The 1st prize for Class-VIII was won by Totelakupar L Buhphang of Ramakrishna Mission HS School, Sohra. and Barisha Tiewmon of Synjuk Wahingdoh Secondary School.
On the same day, Bah PT Sawkmie and members of Iai Shai Sngi also cut a cake as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of Iai Shai Sngi.
The CEM said that the KHADC has received information that many Rangbah Shnongs have issued NOCs to foreigners without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnongs but the KHADC has not yet taken any action against those Rangbah Shnongs. The village however has ordered that from now on they should not do so.
For example, the price of Adrenor 2 ml injection is T.189.95, while the purchase price in hospitals is T.14.70, but for patients, the price is T. T.5,318.60.
The MLA made the remarks from Hyderabad when he went to attend a program led by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
When asked who is the MLA who speaks against the disabled, Bah Kharjana declined to be named.
On the morning of 7th July 2020, the same Bangladeshis attacked Amdoh village and injured two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel and two civilians.
“If we don't do this immediately, the time will come when the court will intervene completely where we have been accused by the people that we are only legislators and the most important thing is the court,” he said. MLA of West Shillong.
On the same day, many people from Lumparing came to the village to encourage the victims.
He has served as a pastor in the Presbyterian Church for more than 21 years.
Other church groups are also understood to have taken this into consideration for fear that the implementation of the law would affect the right of faith or practice of church members.
At the same time, they also demanded a ban on the visits of religious people to hospitals, as they force non-religious people to read the Bible to get well.
To the east it was surrounded by the Jaintia Hima and the Kupli River while to the west it was separated by the Umtrew (Digaru) River from the Nongkhlaw (Bareh) Hima.
He demanded that the Government and the law enforcement agencies should take action by punishing and punishing such a thief by imprisonment for life or even to imprison such people.
To strengthen the work of the NPP Mawkyrwat Block Committee, a short meeting was held to discuss how to conduct the work within the party and also to give suggestions on how to receive the party members. Hamletson Dohling, State Working President, MacMillan Byrsat, former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, and Himalaya Shangpliang, MLA formerly of Mawsynram Constituency.
So far, the TSPs have rejected 493 PoSs and lodged 71 complaints with the police against these PoSs so that the police can take necessary action.
These states have shown that they still want to protect the Riewlum.
Jirang Govt Hr.SS out of 19 posts, 5 posts are vacant and there is no Principal and Vice Principal.
Regarding the production of shini from pai, we can briefly say that in addition to the large factories across India, there are now about 150 factories producing shini – shini is also produced across the villages in the country. United Provinces and other states in Northern India, as we have shown above, from the water they have produced which is called in Hindustani rab and in English massecuite.
Although he has not yet announced his candidacy, Bah Pynshngain has prepared himself to contest from Ranikor in this election. .
The election results were announced by the Working President Banteidor Lyngdoh in the presence of the party President Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, James Ban Basaiawmoit and other party office bearers.
Shillong, Lber 29: “This Good Friday reminds us that we need a Savior to save us because we are sinners,” said the Parish Priest of Mary's Help of Christian Cathedral Parish. Rev. Fr Bernard Laloo at the Holy Thursday service.
In the second leg, West Jaintia Police beat WJDSA 3-2
After this, the dead will rise first and be caught up in the clouds.—1 Thessalonians 4:16-1
King Ahasuerus married a beautiful Jewish woman from Israel named Esther.
And the borders of this city shall be; It is bordered by Nongmynraw Village to the east, Kynshi River to the West, Kynshi River to the Sangriang Village to the West and Maweitksar to the West.
Bah Paul, who was the Chief Guest and opener of the National Policy on Education seminar organized by Sankar Dev College, Shillong, has also received support from other departments. that the child may be trained according to our will.
He said that the government's recruitment policy which has been implemented since 1972 has turned into a shambles these days due to the expenditure of the people.
The BSF said that it was a team from the 105 Battalion of BSF Tripura, which was involved in monitoring the situation in Shivbari – an area near Machalibazar village, Dhalai. district, Tripura.
In view of the above, the JARF feels it is appropriate to advise the JHADC on how to free the State from the shackles of the laws of the Central Government, namely to implement Article 244 and Para 3 of the Constitution. Sixth Schedule.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that education is one of the pillars that contributes to the building of a great country.
That it was only the beginning, they tried little by little.
Nongstoin: Following the Supreme Court of India's order to recognize the right to land, the Nongstoin Hima Land Owners Association (HHIA) has announced that it will hold a to honor and encourage the leaders of the party who have worked day and night to fight the case against coal.
She said that at present there are two places which have been placed under the Mirco Containment Zone, CMJ Breweries in Byrnihat has 16 cases and Godrej Commercial Product Pvt Ltd in 15 Mile has 16 cases. 2 cases of COVID-19, but the highest number of cases is Umroi Contentment.
On the occasion, a group of MLAs from the Opposition and Ruling Parties, through the Committee on Government Assurances, visited the site. The construction of the Entry Point has been delayed due to the government's lack of action to complete the Entry Point.
These are only in Shillong where the District Administration is still thinking how to do, so that these organizations do not have to stand in line to buy food items.
Besides the uranium issue which is the central issue in the celebration of National Day, the KSU leader said that other issues that the KSU is fighting for are the early entry and exit. point to prevent the entry of mynder, to oppose the entry of the railway and to oppose the declaration of full citizenship to Bangladeshi Hindus who want to come to India because we don't want to be mynder in our own Country.
In his speech, the Minister said that the relocation of the C&RD block from Khliehriat to Wapung will bring the work of the district authorities closer to the people and added that the government will look into the needs to create a many office blocks in areas eligible for reinforcement.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 394, 41 cases in Ri Bhoi, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills 1 and North Garo Hills
However, in July 2021, he and 1200 thousand other teachers in the State were dismissed by the MDA-I Government. and she counted me as her servant.
Shillong, Lber 11: Two shijur, have been arrested by the Laitkroh Village Authority, Kynton Syrwa today for fighting without rain, in a sanium, which is located in a house. the garden, from 12 noon to 6 pm.
Seoul: At least 150 people have been killed and 82 others injured in a Halloween celebration in Seoul on Saturday night.
These juti makers in Khyndailad spread their tar materials to sew and dye juti on the ground while they themselves offer clothes for auction and call people to offer clothes for auction.
Many children have been left without a caregiver.
Earlier, the Minister of Information and Public Relations (MIPR) AL Hek inaugurated the 100th Anniversary of Indian Cinema.
Oxygen cylinders carried in vehicles must be recognized and approved by the State Health Department.
Syiem said the amendment and removal of sub section VIII and section XVI of section 5 of the VAB, which was opposed by the ARPA and civil society, is because the government's lawyers have given opinion that they conflict with other laws of the Government of India.
Regarding the traffic jam, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that once the Main Secretariat has been relocated to New Shillong Township, which will take about 2-3 years, it will help to reduce the traffic jam. car.
The only secret for those who suffer from these diseases is to understand the meaning of life and food.
At present, she said, the Center is adequately staffed including doctors who have to work together in Rynjah to provide services to the residents of the area.
The Supreme Court has also expressed its deep sorrow over the violence in Manipur which has resulted in the loss of precious lives and property. the state.
Regarding the high risk contact among the Ministers, Hek said that they will conduct contact tracing and they too will have to follow the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
Shillong: As part of the efforts to curb the spread of Covid-19, the Byrnihat Police Outpost today conducted a check on vehicles coming from Assam to the state. that they must pass through the Screening Area for Passengers.
Some of the points to be discussed together on how to protect themselves are:-Women should first understand themselves that they are women, in which role you are you should know yourself well.
It is understood that if anyone is found not wearing a mask, they will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
However, this is what happened in Columbia, South America, where the Amazon rainforest flows into the country from Brazil.
Vivek said that drivers especially tourist vehicles should think twice before taking the drink offered by many people to be caught by these robbers.
The accident took the writer for about 10:30 hours and he was fortunate enough to get into a Sumo Pynursla, which carried the writer and others. car in Mawlong Market.
"The officers have advised me not to go ahead with the matter as it will affect me and my family," Shrishty told reporters and added that the question that the officers they asked her when she reported this incident, was, "did you have sex with him?"She said that even before listening to the whole incident, the officer asked her in a one-sided manner and it shows their disrespect for women.
The report shows that according to the tests, the water samples from 44 villages are containing Coliform and E.coli, low pH value, high iron content, which shows clearly The FKJGP said that the pH value of these waters is highly acidic and according to the FSSAI regulations. According to the FSSAI, drinking water should have a pH value between 6.5 to 8.5 and below 6.5 is acidic.
Dipanka Nath said the struggle against CAA 2019 is long and the party will continue to fight until the central government repeals the CAA 2019, and finally the struggle will be. is in the Supreme Court.
Madhoo, who starred in Shaakuntalam, encouraged these three characters not to be afraid to demand their rights because the work they do is right.
“Whatever is in their souls, they can bring out their talents,” said Kong Twninborn.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 3 and NGH
SSA-SEMAM of the Government of Meghalaya has launched the Holistic Child Development Program as part of the launch of the “Adopt a School” Programme.
Rangdajied have had to play against Group B teams including Ladthalaboh and Mulait United, while Lajong have not lost since the start of the tournament. kut has lost its main competition.
The day was enriched by the performance of the children and the youth of the Kur Syiemlieh.
The tournament will continue on Tuesday when Ryntih SC will play against Nongkiew Irat SC at 3 pm.
Therefore, the Congress' opposition to CAB in the past few days is only from the mouth and I believe that the Congress will support CAB if the Hindu people of India in the coming days turn more to the Congress. Whether it is the BJP or the Congress, what they do is exactly because of their political gain.
The district chief also informed that they have strengthened the security forces so that the counting of votes will go smoothly.
“It is only when the work is done before November that we will understand how many candidates we will contest (for the MDC election,” he added.
Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim 20 of its members have been killed in Israeli air strikes.
New information has been issued regarding the Ration Card, under which it was learned that many Ration Cards have been lost.
We also requested them to put up the numbers so that the public can call the numbers that the police will provide and inform them.
Raising the issue in the House, Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne said that when the government opens or sets up any office especially in the rural areas, the most important thing is to allow the youth of This should be done without the need for personal interview as decided by the Central Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In total, the fire fighting lasted up to nine hours a day in each affected area.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, today announced that there will be a curfew from 5 pm on the 22nd to 5 pm on the 24th of this month.
Swamy also demanded the Bharat Ratna for former Prime Minister of India PV Narasimha Rao for introducing many important laws for the country.
He said that he has already sent a letter to the road from Nongthymmai to Nongriat which is about 12 km away.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has requested the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi to implement President's Rule in Manipur to restore peace and order in the state.
Thank you so much.
Nongpoh: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, today visited Pahambir Them village and held a meeting at Pahambir Them village. They discussed the problems faced by the Sohtrun farmers in the area.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has to spend at least T.600 crore from the state revenue per annum for the maintenance of the electricity sector. also to purchase electricity from other states.
The Congress MLA/MDC said that the party will hold a meeting on Tuesday and therefore he cannot say anything because he does not know what they will discuss. there will be a meeting.
The three victims were identified as village guards of Kuki villages.
According to sources, the child had left home to go to school in Porla near the village, but did not return home until late at night.
The Village Education Committee of Moolamylliang together with the Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang have decided to try to find ways and means to set up a secondary school as the village does not have a single school in the village yet. secondary level and many children after graduating from UP have to continue their education in schools near the village and elsewhere.
Ranson Sutnga, NPP candidate, is a young candidate and technocrat who resigned from the post of Executive Engineer PWD because he felt that there was a calling to serve the people through politics.
The woman said she had been demanded 20 lakh tyngka from a man who worked as a fundraiser for the HNLC in East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi. spirit as the Holy Spirit.
He said that those who are addicted to drugs are mixed from men and women, but most of them are young people from 25 to 30 years old.
“I am not against or against any ethnic group, but as a state we should have equality,” he said.
Shillong: KSU Mairang Circle today led by Education Secretary, Bah Robin Nongrem together with General Secretary Huebert Warjri, President Mission Unit Samla Yodapmiar L. Mawlong and members of the Circle today visited the Send a letter to all schools and colleges that have graduated from higher secondary schools.
He stressed the importance of CUET especially for those who will take the final semester for Degree Course and said without CUET you cannot continue your higher education.
Some of the leaders who were summoned to appear before the investigating officer include HYC Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary Issac Basaiawmoit and HYC Shillong City President John Lyngdoh. (io) of the Sardar Police Station, in relation to the case against them.
For the sake of our children, whom we cherish, we ask you to respect their privacy.
Forty or fifty years ago, once I had completed class VI and above, I was invited even from home.
“According to the directive of the Seng Khasi Kmie, the entry passes will be issued and distributed to all the districts of the Seng Khasi across the Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and also to the Seiñ Raij. I hope that this preparation will be successful even if it is small but it will be smooth and orderly,” said the two leaders.
Those who remained in the village were very few.
Mumbai: Anirban Das Blah, one of the founders of KWAN, who was accused of prostitution, attempted to commit suicide today, but was rescued by police. police, according to the report.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government's decision to take over the Emergency Medical Services without handing over to the companies has prompted the employees of GVK EMRI-1 The strike has continued for the third day.
The ceremony was held at Umsning Auditorium in the presence of Bah Rocky Kylla Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar and a group of leaders of the Women's Wing, youth and students of various schools. Umsning area.
They are only 'the little ones who have eaten the food'
Conrad K. Sangma said that compared to other constituency leaders in the state, it is Sosthenes Sohtun, who has worked hard for the people, as others go to meet the Prime Minister only on the occasion. 2 or 3 times a day, while the MLA of Jirang meets 3 and 4 times a day, only to discuss the backwardness in the constituency he leads.
The song is produced by Bansiew and directed by Malcolm Rani.
The allocation for the scheme is 90:10 under the National Health Mission of the Government of India.
His brother Pankhrasius Tikka was arrested and later, on the 27th, Anil Tikka was arrested with the help of Kapu PS Chattisgarh. .
That school fees are lower than work fees.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the North East is the gateway to South Asia to boost the country's income.
“Singh has circulated the letterhead of the Boro Liberation Army (BLA), which has not yet clarified whether any of these arrested persons have been received.
I send my condolences to the family.
The most prominent and productive varieties of soh in the West Khasi Hills are sohniamtra, sohphan, sohtrun, sohpriam and kait.
The Director General, who is also a member of the committee headed by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, said that the SSB troops have been ordered to be ready to provide assistance to all. June: The earthquake in Nepal, which has killed more than 2,300 people, is an event that scientists did not know before. will happen, say sources.
On the part of those people who are happy that they are alive now but they are still unhappy because until now even themselves as human beings don't know where they came from. seek the devils and God.
He said that the NPP government thinks more about the kharmetor than about the people, so he urged the people not to win the NPP candidates. , Village Secretary KW Lynrah, Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle, Deacon P.Jyrwa and others.
for the convenience of the farmers, the requirements in agricultural activities are provided at one place to meet the needs of the farmers.
The parts and methods taken to assess the performance of the children in this Rajya Puraskar Testing Camp are in various forms including Knoting & Lashing, First Aid, Compass, Estimation and others related to the. the lifestyle of the Scouts-Guides.
The Meghalaya High Court's hearing came after the MGSPHSVA appealed to the court.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly has found serious corruption in the construction of a meat processing plant in Jowai worth T.7.65 crore.
We were surprised to hear these words from the Prime Minister because the prominent countries of the world have also suffered but we in Meghalaya have been prepared like Conrad Sangma and his Government.
Due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh a few days before the election, the Election Department has suspended the polling in Sohiong Constituency until further notice.
Myralborn Syiem won the Nongpoh constituency, Process Sawkmie won the Mawlai constituency and UDP candidate Brolding Nongsiej won the Mawthadraishan constituency.
Besides these supporters of various parties, former MDC of Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Morning Mawsor along with 300 of his followers, joined the NPP at Umdang.
The Central Vigilance Commission, in its fight against corruption, uses the tool of participatory monitoring to bring all those involved in the process and ensure their commitment to bring transparency and justice in the public sector.
Berset is President-elect of Switzerland's nine-member Cabinet and previously served as Home Minister in Switzerland.
Those that contain carbon, the smoke of that fire, reacts with oxygen, and produces a kind of gas as mentioned above, called carbon dioxide.
In various operations, a team of BSF Meghalaya has seized 37 cows while they were trying to smuggle them to the border by smugglers. to the cow.
How far they can overthrow Mukul Sangma will be seen in the coming days when many Congress leaders, including MPCC President DD Lapang, will meet Sonia Gandhi in Delhi to discuss the situation. There is also a demand from the Congress MLAs to convene a meeting of the CLP to discuss the state of the government, the defeat in the elections and other work.
Before counting the votes from these postal ballots, the Congress candidate has received 8973 votes while the NPP candidate has received 8968 votes. Congress because their candidate has already won by 5 votes and they expected to win by 5 votes in the postal ballot but when the counting was completed, the NPP candidate won by 60 votes. vote which led to the victory.
“The Search Committee has been conducting its work, and so it will be difficult to set a time, but the longest will be within six months,” Rakkam said in reply to a supplementary question. This was announced by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit in the Budget Session.
Shillong, March 12 : U Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday promised that the government will punish those policemen who fired tear gas at contract teachers according to the rules of law.
The counting of votes for Laitumkhrah-Malki and Mawkhar-Pyntho will be held at Dalang while the counting of votes for Jaiaw, Mawlai, Mawphlang-Diengiei and Nongspung-Sohiong will be held at the Training Hall. , JN complex.
The cause of the fire is still unknown and the area is a market area.
Commenting on this, Bah Malngiang said, “I don't know whether it is the demand of all the MDCs or only the demand of the Leader of the Opposition.
He said that the Union of Auto Drivers is surprised to learn that although the DTO office has raised many reasons when the owners of vehicles or drivers intend to renew their licenses. However, there is no problem if they go to the brokers inside the office, where they can deliver even within a day and this has surprised many owners and drivers, he said.
During that excavation, a nearby area turned into a lake and was called 'ka Nan u Bok' at that time.
Speaking to reporters after lodging a complaint with the CBI, Ampareen said, “Until the court proves that I have done wrong, I am still innocent”.
The State Government through Sampath Kumar, IAS on 14th November has issued a rule on the time to wear and remove masks to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, March 23: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA, has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri PS Police Station at 1:30 pm this afternoon against Esblin Jana (25), a truck driver. ML-05G-6809 (ML-05G-6809) has robbed its guard at Lower Mawprem Hill, Shillong.
This shows that the BJP doesn't care even if there is death and bloodshed because it understands that in Manipur, the Meitei have more MLA seats than the Kuki and other ethnic groups. Even if it happens in Manipur.
The first phase is the construction of the Administrative City at Mawdiangdiang and the second phase is the construction of the Knowledge City at Mawkhanu which is currently under discussion.
When the prostitutes are adults and commit the crime of their own free will, the police cannot charge them or prosecute them.
LP School, the school will receive a complete school building at a cost of Rs 37 lakh after the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem today visited the school. The foundation stone for the construction of the new school building.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers because if it is only in this form they will face difficulties in getting rice to plant seeds for other years.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,970 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
All the Khasi Khasi who still hold on to their culture, customs and traditions have been able to listen to the advice from the leaders of the Seng at the meeting at Lympung. Weiking near the Umkhrah River.
LD Lakiang said that many land owners, dali who sell land within the boundary of Ladthadlaboh, Newhill and Tympang Club, sell their land without the knowledge of the village authority.
He said that if you eat pork bought from the market, you should cook it well because you don't know where the pork came from.
Shillong, November 01: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has received many complaints from parents who send their children to study at St. Anthony's College, Shillong. The Central Working Committee (CWC) has decided to take strong action against this.
Recently in the Legislative Assembly, Amit Shah said that the Indian government will bring the NRC to the Legislative Assembly to discuss it.
The purchase of 1500 plastic bags at the price of T.600 each is unacceptable, while the market price is only T.300 each.
The Ordinance is entitled the Meghalaya Local Administration Act, 2015.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, while speaking on the occasion, said that this award is an encouragement and encouragement to these women who have worked hard through the support of the NRLM on various activities to serve in the villages and especially to support the women in various villages.
He recalled that the mining was banned on 26th November, 2016, the government requested for a census on 23rd October, 2017, and came to take a census at the quarry on the 4th. “However, we are surprised why the DFO has not released more, although the DFO has submitted a report to the government that it should have released the permission," he said.
“Tourism has been severely affected in Sohra.
There are many ways to show love to your loved ones and for Bruno Neves, he has his own trick and that is, by taking his loved one to a tattoo shop.
The celebration was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest and raised the jubilee flag of the Seng Samla. Bawan Marweiñ President Youth Association, parents, youth of the village and other elders.
Speaking to reporters, the CEO of Dalmia Cement Bharat Ltd. said that the company has received a No-Objection Certificate from the Dalmia Cement Bharat Ltd. various departments “Everywhere there was a collection of garbage, which used to cause a lot of problems, so the company took and collected the garbage to burn in the cement plant , this is good that We have done this in the community, we have taken these garbage from various cooperatives and we have already signed an agreement with the Shillong Municipal Corporation and the Guwahati Municipal Cooperative. “We are also planning to sign an agreement with the Jowai Municipal Cooperation and also with the Khliehriat Municipal Cooperation, because we burn these waste at the plant,” he said. CP Tiwari, from the village authorities, said that such uses have not been required to obtain permission from the village because the company uses them only inside the plant. He said that the village authorities are aware of this garbage collection but not through direct communication. “We have started collecting garbage. “We have already distributed the garbage dumps to the households to dispose of the garbage,” he added.
??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??????? ??? ?? ??? ?? ???? ???? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??? ??? ?? ??????? ??? ?? ????When it comes to whether you can do it online through your mobile, there are still many employees who have not registered.
The UALA is a group that emerged from the ANVC-B. Chairman of the UALA, Chiindik Marak, has been arrested by the police. He has been arrested by the Assam Police for his involvement in the killing of two jail officers in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills. Nine others were injured in Gendabari village in Goalpara district, Assam during Diwali.
These three-storey parking lots will accommodate 252 small vehicles, 87 buses and 65 trucks and the projects are targeted to be completed by 31st October
Shillong, November 3 : What a journey! Fashion Society Shillong (FSS) Chairman Aldous Mawlong has been encouraging and training them to walk with confidence in the fields to wear the Miss Shillong title for 40 years. said that in the last forty years the competition has improved and become more competitive.
Rijoy said that tomorrow they will have to go first to Tura PTS and then to Dalu.
The group took part in the performance of the traditional dance of the area with the people of Amlarem Sub Division in West Jaintia Hill District.
Opposing the government's allocation of land to Bah Kharlessbon Nongbri, Vice President of the party, he said that this action of the government is unacceptable.
The state government has already allocated T.19.83 crore for the construction of the DC office as the location of the DC office is near the market and in the middle of the city. adequate parking space.
According to CCTV footage, Edmund Marpan, 17, was seen trying to cross the road after being hit by a scooty. Eukratis Mylliempdah, a 22-year-old student of BA first semester, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
This means that that king, Jesus Christ, was born in the years 3 B.C – 32 AD. The Book of Daniel says – “They shall destroy the city (Jerusalem) and the temple.
In this regard, Bah Sawkmie, PWD officials together with village leaders visited these roads in Mawkynroh and Riattamdong, Mawtawar to see that the construction is going smoothly and properly.
“If you listen only to a few groups of people who want to oppose, this is not the case, because many churches in the state, want to see a resolution of this issue, because it has been causing trouble for 50 years now".
Shillong: The State Government, through the Commissioner & Secretary, Forest and Environment Department, today announced that the transit pass, which will be issued from now on to trucks carrying synsar and those leaving outside the State, will have to pay T.500 per shift. trucks carrying sla tyrpad will have to pay T.60 per truck, those carrying dhup will have to pay T.5 thousand per truck and those carrying siej outside the state will have to pay T.1, 000 per truck.
She stressed the need for cooperation between the MLAs, the people and the government to bring about a clean city.
Kenny was buried at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Lawmali.
In fact, the government through the Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs has set up numbers to help the people who are facing problems in this regard to inform.
Not only that, the behavior of these foreign exporters has shown that they don't care at all and try to destroy even the customs and traditions of the Khasi people which have existed for hundreds of years, because They have not respected even the throne of the Syiem of Sohra Hima and have undermined the powers of the KHADC. As the fire has burned in the sky through false and deceptive news spread by 3-4 Khar Bengalis, the question that arises now is what is the answer or the explanation that those Foreign exporters have to explain to the world, have they forgotten and tried to cover up the actions of foreigners in Ichamati who dared to take the life of Samla Lurshai Hynniewta during the The KSU & FKJGP leaders have escaped from the bloodshed through the force of these foreigners.
“We urge the government to increase the wages so that the domestic workers can earn more to meet the needs of their families as the domestic workers are very sensitive to the wages,” she said.
He said that as the youth they should be responsible in the community, the society and they should remember to think what they should do for the village and the community.
Deputy Speaker : The meaning of this Symbud Lamphang is that the Symbud is the one who is in rank below the one in charge.
South Africa's Aiden Markram has moved up 13th to 41st among the batsmen and 16th to 32nd among all-rounders after He was able to help South Africa beat the Netherlands 2-0 in the third match of the series in Johannesburg.
"There was a time when Jews did not have their own country.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The army has started to erect paia to destroy the military base on the Lum Mawbah border. that the Lum Mawbah people used to play and clean.
Speaking on the Trinamool Congress Party, Charles Pyngrope said it is a party that looks after the poor, the poor, the women who suffer in their lives.
In a statement, the team inspected in the morning and found that until 10:30 pm, no employees came to work near all the departments and it was until 11 pm. that they have been able to meet the Medical Health Officer.
Praise the Lord!!! When we turn to the Word of God, we remember how Jesus spoke after He healed a paralyzed child.
At the same time, Pynshngain said that the postponement of the election will not happen at all because the voter list has already been prepared, the appeal has been filed, and it has been announced that The Executive Committee has considered the complaint against Wondisper Laso to remain a candidate for the upcoming elections.
The Chief Justice of India (CJI) DY Chandrachud said the enactment of the Act is within the power of Parliament.
United and American Airlines today announced that it will temporarily suspend flights to Hong Kong due to the spread of the coronavirus.
The NHIDCL said that in an order dated November 16, 2022, the court had urged the state government to appoint a High-Level Committee to resolve the issues related to acquisition of land for road construction.
In short, Elisha lived and worked in the sixth century BC and in the ancient Kingdom of Israel a group of prophets appeared and grew up along with the monarchy.
Nongpoh said that Julius' supporters are still within his MCCC. He said that after Julius' imprisonment, it has not affected his vote. there were a few who had moved aside.
He urged Amit Shah to support the export of food items should not be hampered but to bring about cooperation between the two states.
At the same time, he praised the voters of Pynursla constituency from the youth to the elderly for their ability to elect their leaders because they elect not only for the constituency but for the country. to lead the state as a whole.
According to the petition of the All Tiwa Students' Association, which they sent to the MLA and also to the Chief Minister, they said that these people have the right to receive the Schedule Trice. Certificate, or recognition as a citizen of the State Government.
On the other hand, Ardent also confirmed the office bearers of VPP Nongstoin under the leadership of Bobby Kharshandi as President.
The fighting began when Zoramthanga posted a video on Twitter showing a mob from Assam throwing stones at Mizoram police on the border of Kolasib district. of Mizoram and Cachar district of Assam.
Chandigarh, who won the toss, beat Meghalaya by 184/8 in 50 overs.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai, Bah C. Shullai, in an interview with the media on Friday, said that the decision of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong is based on the silence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government. (MDA) which has not listened to the request to repair the PWD road and the village roads and footpaths in the village where the PHE department has dug and installed water pipes for more than 10 years.
The NPP has not been elected.
The election of office bearers includes 12 posts and 1524 students came to participate in the election.
“They are only those 5/6 people, they just claim that they are paid, but when it comes to all the followers, they turn away and stay alone,” he said.
The Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship has a desire to reach the road near the Law Kyntang for the convenience of all those who want to visit it and hopes that one day this desire will come true.
The incident happened at around 1 pm this morning, when the Bolero Pick Up was coming from Byrnihat to Shillong, when it reached Umdihar. The driver of the vehicle collided with the truck which was parked near the road and the driver was injured and the Bolero was also damaged from the front parts.
In Shillong we have all lost the power to think where to go and where to go.
For about 20 years, this part of the road has not been painted.
If you walk from Rwiang Bridge on National Highway 44 (E) Shillong Tura, it takes 1.5 to 2 hours to Thupthup Valley and Kshaid to Langheit Valley. this this.
God said, “Bread it on the ground and it will become a bsein.
Such behaviors cause or produce divisions among groups or societies in many ways just to gain respect.
Therefore, we as human beings turn to the right, turn to the left and finally ask for help from our Creator to find a way to help or protect us from this disease that scientists have called. covid 19 virus.
Shillong, July 27: The State Coal Owners and Dealers' Forum (SFO) has taken serious note of the illegal mining of coal in the media and urged the authorities to take action on this issue. Government to enforce the provisions of the law against those found violating the orders of the National Green Tribunal.
Mizoram State in the past few years has announced that the State Government has received funds from the Central Government to open up to three training centers excluding those involved with the Mizoram State Government. Tata Trust.
I agree with Bah Scolar who has reminded me that this song is the time of the land of Hynniewtrep. I agree with your opinion. bah because of what this kaitor of the country has achieved exactly like that and I am very proud to say here that this kaitor has awakened the work of our nation, I am one of his supporters I don't hesitate to buy sai This is a new song of this singer, but now suddenly, he has disappeared without hearing anything about him, I urge you journalists to gather information about him.
The Secretary of the Lumjingthang Committee in a statement said that the committee will improve some areas in Lumjingthang where the presence of lumjingthang affects the work of the committee. The Lumjingthang Committee has decided to move the information collections at Lumjingthang to other parts of the Lumjingthang Committee. according to the original date of the nation.
Sacred Heart Boys HSS, Assam Rifles Secondary School, Ïewrynghep Secondary School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School have reached the semi final of the U-14 District Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup. Work of the District Sports Officer (DSO), East Khasi Hills District.
“This behavior of them can lead to racial differences, because if this happens, we Khasi Pnars who are here cannot be allowed to watch this brutal behavior of them.
I am surprised that the local authorities in power can’t control such violence by individuals and some billionaires.
“This is what happened,” O'Brien told reporters in Shillong.
The inscription was witnessed by the residents of Madhya Pradesh, along with the rituals.
West Khasi Hills is the oldest and largest district until another district was born, South West Khasi Hills.
On the 16th and 17th, doctors were testing him for the coronavirus, but on the 18th, he had difficulty breathing and this led to his death. , last night.
He said that the main reason why many of the youth in the state join these activities is because they don't get jobs and poverty, but On the other hand, the BSF is still trying to guide all the members of the party to the right path.
The village was established in 1993 by the Dorbar Shnong Umphrup of the Hima Khyrim.
The KJCLF said that politicians, who are looking for money, look only for money as their main goal.
Shillong, Naitung 4: Following the attack on Dhaka by militants, Governor of Meghalaya V. Shanmuganathan today visited the BSF post on the India-Bangladesh border.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya, Shillong has announced a prize of T.2000 each to the five luckiest voters from each constituency who will vote in the Lok Sabha elections on the 9th of this month, the luckiest voters will be announced on the 15th of this month.
It is learned that some have suggested that the MDA meeting may be held this month or in July to discuss this issue.
There has also been a lack of attention on the part of the government in the ordering of vaccines in advance. The government has ordered the first vaccines in July 2021 while other countries have already placed orders. The government and the State Governments have ordered only 39 crore vaccines for the population of the country which is 140 crore. after.
To address this issue, the NEP recommends that you take online classes.
Banteidor Lyngdoh (35) of Nongtyngur, Pynursla, East Khasi Hills, passed away on 7th June 2021 and Jennar Sutnga, 60, of Chutwakhu, Jowai. , was admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong on 27th June 2021 and passed away on 7th June
This is similar to murder.
Jowai, Nailur 18: Miyo Phawa (22) of Iongkaluh village, East Jaintia Hills, has died after being hit by a truck. The tire bearing No.NL01L-3446 has hit the scooty (AR01B-5552) of the youth in front of him. said the news.
In addition, the most expensive minerals will help achieve the Prime Minister's vision.
If this cannot be done, they will lodge a complaint with the High Court and will hold a public rally at Bakur, saying that within this month, the Waheh Shnong should be appointed. completely in the village of Bakur.
According to a statement sent by the Secretary of the Lummawbah Presbyterian Church, Bah P Syiem, the church has already arranged parking spaces for those who will attend the Youth Service.
Even when it is known that the thief is in the house, some do not want to share because they do not know whether he is carrying weapons or whether he is coming with a body.
Vehicles coming from Happy Valley and Laitumkhrah have been arranged to pass through the NEEPCO road via Demseiniong-Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink-Polo Parking Lot.
This sword in Likai's hand was made in Rangjyrteh.
“On the other hand, the party strongly condemns this incident and has handed over to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action.
Guwahati: One person has died of COVID-19 in Assam.
It is time for the government to focus more urgently on the delivery of roads, electricity, health facilities, water supply and other basic development projects.
What is the future of agriculture in the State? I expect that the Government will do whatever is necessary for these farmers by working together to ensure that these crops need to be planted in the right and proper ways (industrial farming) for the benefit of the first and foremost. to those who cultivate, the land, the property of the State.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: A fight broke out between the drivers of commercial vehicles and the employees and managers of the Toll Plaza at Ialong, on the NH-06 this morning. From Jowai to Khliehriat, Magistrates and Police Chiefs of West Jaintia Hills had to rush to the scene to resolve any injuries or clashes between the two sides.
Khongjirem was arrested on 30th June while he was on his way to appear in court after the court summoned him for issuing certificates to the residents of the village for violating the law. The High Court issued its order on November 10,
Shillong, Lber, 09: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) Government in its first Cabinet meeting on Friday approved to introduce a Constitution Bill in the Legislative Assembly to abolish the The Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021, which has received strong opposition from the people, in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly to be held from 20th October,
On the day of the donation, the HYC was present in the presence of the elders of the area, women and many others.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that after the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19, especially in East Khasi Hills District, the state government will take more measures to increase the number of cases. treatment facilities for people infected with Covid-1
Up to 200 children came to take part in the celebration and the theme was, 'Return of Children to School, Happiness of Children and special protection" written in English, 'Back to school – Safety and Security'
She said that the meeting has decided to write a letter to the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit to convene the public meeting immediately. The President of the Party, and if the President has the spirit of thinking for the people, he should send the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit, to convene a meeting immediately so that they can get I don't know who will give me the ticket.
David did this three times, but his friends kept telling him that the world was not right.
However, if you don't have such a hostel, you can help those who are poor.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The match between the two teams from Group-C of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played at MFA Turf, Polo on Tuesday. to the end where both teams shared 10 points.
However, based on the above logic, not all Jaintia are the blood of the “Khasi baïar”.
Kharang SC took the lead in the 77th minute through a goal from Alan Marwein.
The society should not reject such people infected with HIV/AIDS but should help them to understand that they should receive adequate and effective treatment to prevent the spread of the disease. that patients should come forward to take advantage of the government's free tests.
“Take this pathaw and bring your son to work,” said Santa.
However, on the 26th of June, the owner of the house left the house to take another child to school, while Masita was at home to wait for the two children. who were only 1 year and 2 months old at the time.
But we shall be one, we shall be one.
KISS is a long-standing band and the dress code of the members is one of the things that the audience is always attracted to because it is different from the rest.
This came after they beat Malki SC 4-0 on Thursday at the Third Ground, Polo Shillong.
Shillong: The RAM has appointed Anthony Lyngdoh as the new Publicity Secretary of the RAM.
She said that if she had brought these letters, the High Court's statement on 17th June, 2023 that there is involvement of the government and illegal miners and traders in coal would not have come out. .
The road from Trongpleng to Dangar has already been released at a cost of Rs 4.5 crore.
Shillong: The State Government has received approval from the Social Justice and Empowerment Department to provide T.300 crore for the construction of the National Games 2022 stadium in the state.
How can we recognize them as the developers of the nation? Because of the orphanhood of the Khasi families, there are many shortcomings such as a free permissive society, which is irresponsible.
Work hard police department, you will win all these cases.
Recently, AL Hek, although he is the BJP MLA in the state, has expressed his opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 passed by the BJP government, as it is against the opinion of the people. of the citizens of this state.
Furthermore, the fare for transportation to remote villages, per truck of siej has reached 50,000 rupees and this has put the farmers in great trouble.
“The police department is trying its best, if you look at the road from Mawiong to Upper Shillong in the evening the traffic jam is very heavy but by restricting the vehicles to park on the road. “It's a good idea to have a clean place and to keep the effort going forward,” he added.
He said that the tournament will be held on the 15th of April, 2022 at Madanheh Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri from 9 pm.
Nongstoiñ, November 21: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills District (POCSO) on Tuesday sentenced a rapist to six years imprisonment for committing the crime against a child in the village of I was arrested at the Nongstoin Police Station.
When asked why she came to take part with her child, she said that she couldn't help but have to take her child with her because there was no one to look after her at home. other members as united in this struggle for justice.
Congress MLAs HM Shangpliang, George B Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma, Lasarus Sangma and Mohendro Rapsang today supported the protest. Speaking on the occasion, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the visit of the Congress MLAs was to encourage all the teachers who took part in the strike.
Mehta, who formerly held the post of ADGP of the state police department, said that violence against women and children is not only in the state but happens all over the country. In other parts of the country, women and children have been attacked by gangs of robbers, while in this state, women and children have been attacked by civilians.
To talk about peace and happiness, where you the people can follow around in the market, you should stop the CEM from thinking about farmers or thinking about plans.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that at the meeting held today, it was informed that the government has already paid the price of 42,000 medicines.
Four days after the incident, the CEO of the tournament, Gerard Tsobanian, said and promised that such an incident will never happen again.
It is for this reason that the government has implemented the Dream Project, which will guide the youth and those who are addicted to drugs to a new life.
He said the purpose is to register people who come to the state for work, recreation or for any purpose but it should ensure that it does not harass people or contrary to the Constitution of the country.
The chairman called the first speaker.
“Ka seng also questions whether the government pays salaries to these employees who do not come to the office? The union urges the government not to waste the money of the people"Ka jingliet The union has received complaints from many residents, who have complained that there is no officer in the office. The JNC Khliehriat Circle has appealed to the Government Head of Tourism Department in Khliehriat, “If you don't want to work, you will be able to work. For the sake of the people, we strongly condemn and urge the government to look into and fight against this and to explain why this office has been closed. In this regard, the union has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal, IAS and urged the He said that he should do something about the lack of staff in the office.
The office bearers include President Kyrmen Siangshai, Vice President Chandame Sungoh, General Secretary Shaphrang Pajuh, Joint Secretary Lewaphi Sutnga, Finance Secretary Miju Sutnga and Kwel Lakiang, Adviser Pramod Jain.
On this occasion, the party discussed to improve the working methods in the 7-Amlarem Constituency for the Election 2023 and to organize a general meeting to be held soon for the announcement of tickets for the candidate. 7-Amlarem by the Chief Minister in the presence of leading NPP leaders. On this occasion, various units in this constituency were urged to work hard to address the issues of the people, which can make it easier for the Candidate in the process.
God works through people, but there are also times when He comes down by Himself to live, walk, fight and fight with people here on earth.
“We are looking for a suitable person to become a ksiang and we are waiting for a letter from the party to proceed with this project”.
He said that in the past months, the Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of the case and it has been learned that it has set a date for the hearing again this month but the date is not yet known.
Speaking at the meeting, the Principal of Presbyterian Secondary School, expressed her gratitude to the students' association for turning their attention to these four schools where many of the students study in these schools. school are from lower income families.
They don't think about the whole state.
Today, police said they have arrested four persons involved in the incident.
All of them will be under police custody for five days.
Amit Shah also made it clear that Clause 6 of the Assam Accord will be fully implemented and the interests of the minorities in Assam will be protected.
The union has also met with these village leaders to discuss the construction of the road, as it differs according to the sources, the construction of Intermediate which has been sanctioned Rs 8 crore.
The messages spread through colors include the war against drugs, the need to preserve forests, the preservation of culture, the spread of HIV, mobile phone addiction and others. .
Besides, they said that even the jyntang this year has not grown well.
The government has played with the lives of these young women and mothers.
Other senior Congress leaders including Working President James Lyngdoh, East Khasi Hills President Kennedy Khyriem, MDCs Lamphrang Blah and Donevan Kharwanlang, Congress candidates from Shella and Lyngkyrdem, Bantyngshain Rynga, Clement Mawrie and others.
The Lok Sabha Secretariat today issued an order lifting the removal of Rahul Gandhi as a member of the Lok Sabha.
Shillong: In the last elections, it has been seen that various candidates or political parties have misused children by sending them to sing or dance in the streets, so that they can attract people to the party. their meeting.
In the first match which started at 2 pm, Lummawbah SC beat Pynthorbah SC 4 – 2 goals. These four goals were scored by Lummawbah SC. Kevin C Royne (27min), Andy Khmah (59min), Jefferson Pakyntein (61min) and Nathaniel Kharnaior (67min) scored the second goal for Pynthorbah SC. 41 min) and Manbha Pohshna (45 min).
The award ceremony was led by Dr. Numal Momin, MLA, Speaker of the Assam Legislative Assembly and Nanadro B. Natak, Padmashri Awardee, recognition as a farmer who does not use drugs as a source of income.
I was told that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah when he received the petition from the JAC members said that he would look into this matter but for three days the government has not done anything. “It has not issued any statement from the state government,” said Shangpliang.
The Congress party has 29 candidates, the NPP 29 candidates, the BJP 21 candidates, the NCP, the UDP 18 candidates and the GHADC MDC elections. private candidate.
They said that this health center has become one of the most needed health centers in the area especially to provide services to the poor families who cannot afford to go to remote health centres. better.
“At present, Assam has 10 medical colleges while Meghalaya has only two government colleges in the state.
He explained that in relation to the Dorbar Kur Suchen, it will continue on that day, but in relation to the announcement of their names for the land in Umpyrshin to hold this Dorbar saw. The Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, on the other hand, said that the village is not a village but a village.
“He calls himself Vivekananda, sometimes he calls himself Rabindranath Tagore and now he has named the stadium after himself.
The raid was led by the SDPO of Sohra, Bah Ian OnelSwer in collaboration with the police from Pynursla, Sohra and Mawngap.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, said that as the leader of cricket in the state, he is keen to develop cricket in the state and especially in those areas. which are still rural villages.
The closure of the Seinraij market has started from the second day until further notice.
Leondios Kostrikis said there are currently 25 cases of Deltacron in the country since 7th July
He said that there have been many changes for PACS. The 84000 PACS model Bye-Laws have been approved. computers in PACS, where all PACS can perform 20 new types of tasks.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has urged the various groups to be united in the struggle for the 2013 elections. victory in connection with the Mukroh issue in which up to three Khasi elders lost their lives in the shooting by the Assam police.
After being beaten, Smith shouted, "Keep your husband's name far away from your dirty mouth.
Phne.91-11-43086677 email.
Among these protests, we have seen the shooting of Khasi in Them Metor, Rilbong (the shooting of Khasi children abroad).
The school has also distributed certificates to these students who have honored the school in the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah KK Tangsong, on Tuesday requested the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to consider the problems faced by the Raid due to the new border crossing of India. and Bangladesh.
How can it be! That from the same mother and from the same father came the Khynriam, the Pnar, the Bhoi, the War and so on.
He also announced the opening of the Integrated Command Center in Shillong as part of the Smart City Project and said that in the coming months, the state government will launch the IT system of Shillong. state.
These include West Madan Mustem and Pynthorlangtein.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The BJYM Meghalaya has decided to hold an anti-corruption rally in Shillong, Jowai and Garo Hills as part of the Congress government led by the Prime Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma.
Furthermore, in any case investigated and prosecuted by the CBI, the State Governments cannot take a decision to reduce the punishment of the perpetrators without the approval of the Central Government.
She will represent India at the Miss Aura International Beauty Pageant in Antalya, Turkey, from September to October
The protest in Motphran started on the night of 31st July and has now lasted for five nights.
All the party leaders including State President Prestone Tynsong, Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi, State Working President Marcuise Marak and other party leaders gathered at the village. Adokgre to start the election campaign.
We will move the zoo from Lady Hydari Park to the State Zoo at Umtrew in Ri-Bhoi,” he said.
Business Development Representative Bah Bhanud.
Before the planting ceremony, a meeting was held led by Bah Shape Pasweth in the presence of Bah Taiwanyoo War.
The Ministry of Health has also set up the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board (MMRB) under the leadership of Principal Secretary Sampath Kumar and Commissioner & Secretary Dr Joram Beda.
“The lack of appointment of teachers according to the student-teacher ratio has severely affected the education system in the district as a whole and is a discrimination against the students of these schools. " he said.
The KHADC should enact strong laws to protect the Rympei Iieng, Villages, Raids and Himas.
Why is CAB a blessing to us? If the mynder ri comes before 31st December, they will get citizenship in the area. Hast thou not brought down ten thousand thousands? Is it true that these people from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan are allowed to be discriminated against only for religious reasons? Without the issue of CAB it would have been difficult to get ILP. This is a blessing.
The FKJGP has decided to meet with the IGNOU management in Shillong to reopen the centre.
The inquiry into the shooting death of former HNLC General Secretary (L) Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai will also be hampered by the government's scientific tricks.
Let us strengthen our own nation so that it will be strong and develop, let us not be too worried that a small nation will disappear from the face of the earth.
It is because of such people that the East Khasi Hills District Administration has come to take such a decision, which has affected the livelihood of the farmers.
He said that at the end of November, every year he takes his cattle to the more remote places where there are trees, shrubs and forest plants. Railung areas or shyrti cultivated areas are located in Maweit, Wahlyngdoh, Diengsning, Thadteja and other Nongtrai areas.
“I have not criticized anyone, the news is not my speech against the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of KHADC,” said Teinwel.
In the first leg of the match between Malki SC and Nongrim Hills SC, which started at 2:15 pm, Nongrim Hills SC won by 3 goals.
This time, however, the BJP has managed to regain power in its hands.
Khliehriat, July 24 : The District Social Welfare Office of East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday held an awareness program at KB Memorial Higher Secondary School, Wapungskur. .
In another incident, four youths have been arrested today on charges of shooting and beating a foreigner at Thana Road, Shillong.
When there are such complaints by the families of those minors shouldn’t the police investigate and investigate what is behind these things? However, the surprising thing is that the BJP in the state has protected its leader who is also the MDC of Tura.
He has won many medals in the MSA Swimming Championships and three medals in the North East Olympic Swimming Championships. 2022 game.
“The amendments to the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution have to be sent to the Select Committee as usual and it will take time,” he said.
Shaheen Akhtar, 30, was arrested last month in Nowshera, Rajouri.
Speaking on the 38 cases of covid positive in Rilbong today, Dr War said that these 38 cases were confirmed through the testing of two husbands and wives. live in Rilbong.
“The government will have to take better measures to resume coal mining in the state under the MMDR Act of 1957,” said the full bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee. .
Other outstanding schemes include the Sickle Cell Anemia Elimination Mission, Enrollment in Eklavya Model Residential School, Scholarship Scheme, Forest Rights Titles which includes private land and community development. community, Van Dhan Development Center and others.
If we just sleep in the household, it doesn't make sense if we don't fulfill our right to freedom.
If this order is issued for all the markets, the shops in these markets will not allow the public to spread garbage in the markets or on the streets within their boundary. their language.
Therefore, the leaders appealed to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action to talk to the government for the immediate release of the money they should receive. They also expressed their satisfaction that the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has promised to take action to resolve the problems of these vehicle owners and drivers.
The parties in the coalition government, whether it is the NPP, HSPDP, PDF and others, should have woken up now, through this statement of Bah Bindo, because this issue, will continue. In the coming days, the Congress, which is another major party, will look at the sky and take advantage to shake the MDA government. The Lok Sabha elections, which are the most important, have failed due to the struggle, then came the MDC election to the Khasi District Council, where the UDP won the post. Other political appointments that are more prominent belong to the same party.
It seems that everyone is taking advantage and it seems that they are encouraged to follow along and get involved in the evil deeds.
Those who attended the function included LN Marak, Director, Soil and Water Conservation, Bah D. Shallam, Additional Director, S. Pohsnem, Jt.
Acknowledging that the proposal is still pending from the Ministers to provide financial support, Shylla said he is confident that, if there is no confusion, the implementation of the it will not be equal.
“The Government of India has taken great care of the railway line in the state, every time it puts pressure or forces the Meghalaya government to allow the start of the work,” said Bah Sawkmie. The Government of India, despite the resolution passed by the Meghalaya Assembly by 60 MLAs, has not respected the demand of the civil society groups demanding the granting of ILP to our state.
For New Shillong, the Government should think carefully how to build the roads and junctions, so that in the future it will not happen like now. Shillong).
The land of Israel is afraid.
Argentina's winning goal came in the 22nd minute when Rodeigo de Paul sent a shot from distance to Angel di Maria. he shall score the goal.
cbse.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that such an event will set an example for the country to respect all ethnic groups and religions.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah SSR Bamon, Principal of Ri-Bhoi College, encouraged the members of the KSU by remembering the former leaders of the KSU such as Bah Bull Lyngdoh, former President of the KSU. to contribute to the community, by urging the leaders of the Zones and Circles not to sit idly by but to work hard for the community because if the zones and circles are strong, the army will also be strong, he added.
At present, the residents of Khanduli village have not been able to farm for more than 10 months due to the clashes between the Karbi and Pnars after the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) closed the tax collection gate.
Shillong: U Bah PK Shullet, President of CCORMUA, today expressed his regret after being accused and criticized in many ways and said that he has decided to resign. as President of the party.
He also praised Bah Kharpran and his team for their efforts to look after the condition of these crematoria.
The Government of India posthumously awarded him the second Mahavir Chakra in the rank of Indian Hero.
Lok added, “It's what you said.
’“What is education if a social need cannot be met? Everything starts at home.
Speaking to Rupang, Enbin said that the news, which came out today, is misleading and said, “I don't have any information about this. “The decision of the CEC should strengthen the work of the party,” he said.
The child was identified as (L) Jessica Paslein, daughter of Dapmon Paslein.
shisha is the crane of the driver Kim.
On these grounds, the court will hear the case again on October 4,
Patients at Umkiang PHC have had to sleep in the rainwater from the roof of the hospital.
The President will stay at Raj Bhavan tonight and will have dinner with Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in the presence of Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, MPs Vincent Pala and Agatha Sangma along with police chiefs and soldiers.
“The garbage dump at Marten in Mawlai Mawiong has collapsed and the time will come when it will cause more problems if the government does not get a new dump,” he said.
Thus, the time was near before Satan, who used to be Lucifer, could rule this world, that is, as soon as the Third Temple was built in Jerusalem, before the end of the first three and a half years of the 7 years of the Last Days mentioned at Daniel 9:2
Bireswor S. Sangma, 57, of Latigre Ampati, was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital on July 18 and died on July
Registration forms and tickets are available from: (1) Khasi Books Stall, Synod Market Complex, Mawkhar (2) Apollo 11 Bakery, Mawkhar (3) JSS Store, Jaiaw Langsning (4) Meikha Shop, TSS Road, Mawlai (5) Akashi Books Depot, Laitumkhrah, and other shops in different districts of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
[This is the news, quoted by NDTV]
Speaking to media at his office, the Sohra MLA said, “I believe that this allegation is groundless.
After ending the first inning with 65 runs, TDCA-A responded with 292 runs, NGH started the second inning with 227 runs needed to tied again. , which is a harder copy for it.
“I don't see such an intention from the MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party to leave the party because they are all united,” he said.
On this occasion, the DS Khimusniang invited all the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai under the umbrella of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai to participate and witness the Platinum Jubilee celebration. and those who were called were blessed.
This month, 11 people have been killed in attacks by militants in Jammu and Kashmir.
It is beautiful and pleasant to see that Meghalaya, perhaps for the first time, has been able to hold a smooth and orderly election without any tragic incidents, such as violence, ki damage to EVMs, failure to vote again as in the past.
Three companies, from Mumbai and New Delhi, have participated in the price hike.
“Remember that there will be a change of government in Delhi and we must work hard to ensure victory,” Rio said.
Shillong: The Foreign Trade Chambers of Commerce (FTCCM) Meghalaya today met with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to demand an increase in the number of trucks. Smuggling goods into Bangladesh through Dawki Land Custom.
The 10 persons arrested along with the weapons seized from them have been handed over to the Dawki Police Station, West Jaintia Hills for further investigation.
Besides, silence, slander and lack of clear answers is also a disgrace and insult to Meghalaya and all its citizens.
Professor Stephan Hawking has died, but his last book has been republished and it is considered to be an important book that explains his thoughts on life. man and after death.
Between 1924 and 1928 three laws were passed and they were; (i) the Khasi Hima Long Khun Hima Act, (ii) the Khasi Hima Land Act and (iii) the Hiar and Pateng Act, shall be introduced and discussed in the Dorbar for four years until approved and enacted by the Dorbar.
Thombor said that out of this T.63 crore, the revenue from Major Minerals is T.48,18,11,649/-, from Minor Minerals, T.12,83,47,6 /- and the Motor Vehicle Tax is T.2,75,2
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today visited Nongtalang CHC Hospital after receiving a complaint from the public.
Nongpoh, June 26: Leaders of the Raid Sohkhwai, including the Lyngdoh, Bah Phidis Syrling, the Doloi of the Raid, in the presence of two Ministers of the Nongpoh Sirdarship, Many Rangbah Shnongs of the Raid Sohkhwai, today, visited the Mawbynna, which was erected by the Kur Syrling since ancient times under the Lum Kyntang of the Kur Syrling. in the village of Sohkhwai.
At the same time, Bah Ardent strongly condemned the people who dared to attack the Khasi to the point of taking their lives.
The Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong, members of Chirehruphi Village and foreigners who gave speeches on the occasion gave their support and said that the Dorbar Shnong Chiriehruphi has issued the NOC and allowed Max Cement to mine coal from the park in the village and urged the authorities to issue an Environmental Clearance to the company to mine coal.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, through the Vigilance Division, on the 29th of this month, has issued an order to send an inquiry into allegations of corruption in relations with the health department. Cardiology at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
They also vowed to stay until they die, and refused to talk to the DC, because they said that they have been living in the area under the jurisdiction of the Syiem of Mylliem for many decades.
Thousands of people have left the village to look for a strange creature, which has appeared on the outskirts of the village, and whose voice is believed to be like the appearance of a dragon. aiu yes.
And those who ask for them will receive the same.
The semi final between Umsyiem FC Bataw and Lever Union FC will be played on 22/12/2023 at 2 pm.
At the same time he ordered his Nongbud Nongrap to be ready with the Khnam, the Ryntih and if the Nongbud of the Syiem were ready to fight with the Sword and the Stieh, the Khnam and the Sword. Uniform.
“We congratulate the government for welcoming the visit of our leaders and we hope that the happiness of our leaders will not be taken lightly.
The award will be given to the students of Narpuh District who have passed the 1st Division in the SSLC, HSSLC, Degree and other examinations for the year
“When we look at the newspapers every day we see and hear that violence against women in the State has increased day by day and the sad thing is that women do not have the right to live. They are free because their rights have been violated by the exploiters and criminals,” said Bah Pangniang.
In a statement, the Association requests the officials of the Education Department, the Government of Meghalaya to assist in the release of the salaries and arrears of the revised pay as soon as possible. High Officials of the Education Department who have been willing to help in the release of the arrear, the Joint Director has said that she will write a strong letter. letter) against the authority of the Principal Secretary of the State Education Department to explain to him why he has given assurance to the union to try to release the pending arrear of the deficit teachers.
The reason given for the refusal to celebrate this special day is because there are no more churches to celebrate.
They expressed their concern over the progress of the project, because even though the people don't have any information, but what is surprising is that after receiving information, that the Public Hearing has already been held, on this project. The residents of Kyrdem and Malawai have alleged that the Rangbah Shnongs of Kyrdem and Malawai have done this.
Shanborlang Khongjee, wearing jersey number 4, scored two hat-tricks in the first half and one in the second half in the 2nd, 37th and 50th minutes. Prin Lang Roi L.Nonglait, who wore jersey number 13, scored the first goal in the 20th minute.
He said this is one of the most important issues of the government.
Staying in darkness without knowledge will cause many problems in a person's life.
The residents of the villages, neighboring villages and visitors are requested to showcase the traditional customs of the Khasi.
The registration fee will be 50 tyngka per player and a club can only register a maximum of 25 players per team and no clubs will be accepted after the deadline.
Sylvester Nongtnger said the suspects were arrested under Section 107 CrPC of the Indian Penal Code for their involvement in the riots.
According to a shopkeeper, the tourism industry has opened up opportunities for the villagers to earn an income by selling pearls, tea and food items and this has helped them. to escape from going into the wilderness.
The videos show that China has been moving through Tawang, which falls in Arunachal Pradesh, with the intention of taking over the Dongzhang Valley.
He said that the Livestock Mission has been announced by the government to implement thousands of crores of rupees in the next five years and hundreds of crores of rupees this year.
He said that in the past few days, the police have raided the college where he teaches at Seng Khasi College and often they have raided the place where he works. Other leaders also continue to visit the places where these Sengbhalang leaders visit.
It is the light of my path. You are poor, don't be sad. Your anger will appear in the world.
Therefore, we request you to pass a moratorium on the construction of dams in the Umngot River,” said the JAC. On Thursday, they came forward with their own willingness to complete the distribution of the Tika Covid 19 vaccine.
Pynursla, Naiwieng 12: The Raid Shabong, today, has elected a new Sordar, in the third struggle, for the post of Sordar of the Raid.
Meanwhile, DY Kharshiing, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SKRS) Mawphlang, said, “We would like to appeal to the people who come to this festival to be polite and respectful and not to create any disturbance and disgrace”. .
In the evening, there was a Datlawakor between Langdoh and Sangot Paswet. Langdoh's team won the match which means that the rice will be better in the rice fields this year.
He urged the students not to have small goals but to have big goals and to be wise to choose their lives in the right path, that is, to follow the feelings that exist. in the soul and not in the temptations that come into the mind,” said Conrad.
On the other hand, she expressed her regret over the suspension of the Returning Officer who is the Deputy Commissioner for a few days to campaign for the elections in Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong: Two cases of Covid-19 have died, one a BSF soldier, who died last night, and another, a civilian, who died this morning; They died at NEHGRIMS Hospital, Shillong.
"“We will go public in 2023.
Rev. Bidonbok Syiem, Secretary of the Christian Multi Media Ministry, expressed his gratitude to all those who attended the event and especially to all those who took part in the event. make this purpose.
The wrongly elected leaders of the nation also lose development because the leaders create only poverty and those poverty manufacturing units are the people.
The Assam Public Safety (Measures) Enforcement Bill, 2023 was introduced in the Legislative Assembly by the Minister of Housing and Urban Affairs, Ashok Singhal.
Replying to a question, the Minister said, “If anything is illegal, we will punish.
Yellow Light 2.
This could lead to a major change in the treatment of those infections with the use of antibiotics to help strengthen the immune system of patients against Staphylococcus aureus. .
“Because Telecom companies set up Telecom Towers in areas where it is easier for them to do business, the Central Government provides financial assistance for the construction of Telecom infrastructure in remote areas where “We can facilitate trade through the USOF,” said Bah Dohling.
With confidence, the man agreed and began treatment with Dr Boss for three years as explained by avoiding all forbidden foods until he received a complete recovery from this disease. and the disease remaineth unto this day.
There is nothing more than this.
(vii) to appoint ASHAs as full time employees of the Government Health Department (viii) to immediately establish the Meghalaya Domestic Workers Welfare Board, the Meghalaya Gig Workers Welfare Board, Private Transport Workers Welfare Board, Private (ix) to establish the Meghalaya Affirmative Action Commission to monitor the implementation of the reservation policy; work.
On the other hand, the FKJGP urges the government to look into and take responsibility to clean up the hill so that it will be a convenience to many tourists and the people will be safe. suffering and hardships.
As we all know, East Jaintia Hills District is currently in the process of developing tourism in which the District Mineral Funding Trust, Basin, Fisheries Department and other departments have done a lot of work. major projects in the villages to promote tourism in the district, while the Tourism Department has not played any role in assisting in any area to promote tourism in the district. the District in the tourism sector.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth has promised to take action to provide relief to the victims of the storm and rain in different villages in the district.
The HYC will support and support the students in every step they take to get their rights.
Ad Chef Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Justin Dkhar MLA, Stephan Mukhim Local MLA, HG Lyngdoh SP West Jaintia Hills, PS Dkhar-DC West Jaintia Hills. DD Lapang, and Dr. RC Laloo, Symbud, Chief Minister.
Many of these groups, whom the author has spoken to, are very worried, these days, when the current Interim Syiem of the Hima, Bah Ricky Nelson Syiem, intends to knieh noh ia the land. The tomb, which was built by the former King, Latho Manik King.
After receiving detailed information, the BSF of Meghalaya conducted several raids in the border areas of the state which led to the seizure of muid, phensedyl, sugar, ki clothes and other items.
The robber, who escaped from the jail on 31st July by climbing from the high walls of the jail, has also stolen clothes, food and a van. After that, he left the vehicle at a place after he had gone to cover himself, covered himself and disguised himself as much as he could, so that no one would suspect him.
Praising Dr Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister who has done a lot to bring about development, Rahul said the people of the state have got a very smart Chief Minister who has brought about many things. it does not develop the state.
The investigation into the driver and the arrest of others is ongoing.
Police have taken the woman into custody after a complaint by Mohammed Altaf Mar, who alleged that she was raped after they had sex with her.
" said Kmie in a low voice.
According to the Sordar, the road has been dug since 1993 but has not been cleaned at all and since these years until now the villages have been facing problems in the road, whether it is in terms of illness or injury. to pay bill light, or to get mid-day meal and others because from the village to Markyrwat or Nongstoin the traffic is difficult especially the small vehicles can not escape and the baikali has affected the traffic. I came and carried the goods.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“To seh mei, even if you don't see it, you think so,” said Hiram. “I don't know,” said the mother.
However, we cannot accept to do so,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
“If thousands of people visit the Taj Mahal, the Eiffel Tower, the bridges in our country, they will attract millions of people,” he said.
The mother of love, the father of peace, we can still find only in such souls.
Real Madrid have agreed a fee of £87m for Hazard, according to reports.
The education department has sent a letter to the government to increase the fees for students and youth from the border areas of the state.
They said that in Mawlai Nongpdeng, there are 6 vehicles parked on the road and these vehicles are: ML 05 N-5279 (Bike), Ml05-Z-7528 (Ntorq), ML05 S 6440 (Duet) , Ml05 R 3090 ( Jupiter), Ml05 N 2855 ( taste), ML05 z 0454 ( Ntorq).
Captain Harry Inglis' anger against Rev. Thomas Jones was excessive.
" she says without finishing.
I hope that this small effort will be successful in promoting the unity of one nation.
There are also some of the families who have taken up the trade of Tympew, Synsar and others to earn a living.
The man greeted and blessed Peter for his health and progress in his work.
The Assistant Director Information and Public Relations has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, the Sordar of Mawlatang, Bah Sngapthuh Syngngai, Bah Wallang Khongshei and the women expressed their deep concern over the lack of roads. The Sordar said that many poor women give birth on the streets and have to be physically transported to hospitals.
Police are investigating to find out why he took his own life.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Joint Action Committee of the Jaintia Students Union, the Jaintia Youth Federation and the East Jaintia Hills Council have submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. MeECL has supported the construction of the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project Stage-II for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Raid Kongwasan Chyrmang which includes Iongnoh and Chyrmang villages has come to an end on Tuesday amidst festivities.
All the VDPs of Mawngap PS and Sohiong Outpost were invited to fight against illegal activities such as money laundering by promising to provide employment. and others and directed that if they have any assistance from the police they should immediately inform their Police Stations and urged the villages which do not yet have VDPs to set up in collaboration with the police.
In the 2011 census, there were more than 500 households and more than 3,000 people and now the population has exceeded 5,0 During the MP, MLA and MDC elections. People are suffering because of the lack of roads, electricity and telephone communication.
Matthew 24:21-22.
Conrad told reporters that only one name has been submitted for the post of Chairperson of the Committee.
The family members said that after examining the doctors, they informed that the poor woman has high blood pressure and just because she has high blood pressure, they have given her 3 BP medicines since The child was taken to Shillong on the 16th of this month without being examined properly, but it was not until the 16th that the hospital authorities sent him to Shillong. Suddenly, the mother gave birth to a child who died from the womb of the mother, said the family members.
At this meeting, the SRS also announced that the government should submit its reply by 10th July 2015 to implement the Village Administration Bill of KHADC and JHADC. they shall announce the protest measures they will take.
Jowai, March 21: The EJNC&W JNC (JNC) has decided to hold a 'Shong Kalouin Myngngor' with Rah Lama Iong in front of Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong West Jaintia Hills District, on 24th March which will start from 10am to 3.00pm.
Have the political parties and those in power, especially in the North East, implemented these words properly? The signs and events have clearly shown the answers, especially in the case of the Assam Government which is in power by the same party in power in Delhi and Assam, and here Assam has shown The Prime Minister said that the use of police and guns to attack and bloodshed the lives of Assamese in Assam who are like brothers and sisters. .
The Dolloi of the Elaka, Oldwing Shadong, launched the logo of the union and confirmed the office bearers of the union.
and must be submitted before 26th January
Shillong, July 4: Many people have been cheated of thousands of rupees due to their excitement over the prizes they have won in the writings of their mobile phones. They won this game and three dozen kinds of luck.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday sent a request to the employees of Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited (MCCL) to join the HNLC. and the union will pay a salary of T.25,000 per month.
In the first match, Diengshynrum Sports Club beat Kairang Sports Club 4-0
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah S Makdoh, Officer, Bhoirymbong Block as the chief guest and Dr. Vincent Nianglang, founder of the college. , Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, Former MDC Umroi Constituency and other dignitaries.
Shillong: Three persons, including three seriously injured, have been injured in the blast of a tyndong lyer shet jingshet on Sunday.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar today lodged a complaint against the BJYM leaders from Cachar for carrying banners stating that all the Bagalee in Meghalaya are Bangladeshis.
This happened on Friday at about 10:30 pm.
On the other hand, Ian Cambell congratulated the Working President of the Government of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing and the office of the DSO, West Jaintia Hills for the successful implementation of this event. and he congratulated all the participants.
According to her, the High Court in its order, has ordered the people to fight against the curfew by going to work.
Look at Assam, I had a meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam recently, where I discussed with him the working methods of the Assam government on Medical Colleges.
Jowai, November 29: U Bah PN Syiem, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) together with other colleagues from Shillong will visit Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills; to explain to the public on the right to land ownership and also on the coal mining industry which is still banned by the National Green Court.
All residents and foreign visitors are requested to cooperate and follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. side of the village.
New Delhi: The State Bank of India (SBI) has forgiven Rs 76,600 crore to 220 defaulted borrowers who have defaulted on the bank. more than Rs.100 crore each.
The Dawki Land Port is a major project of the Government of India which aims to promote trade between India and Bangladesh and also to strengthen relations between the two countries.
Md. Muksodul Choudhury alone scored 41 runs from 20 balls and Skhembor Khongbtep took two wickets for 18 runs in 4 overs.
Police said that he was arrested at 3 pm from his house in Wapungskur.
Hamedabiang Mukhim – Bronze 7.
Tripathi also threatened to take action against the seller if he does not pay the bailutksan, which he demanded.
One of the Bollywood media reports said that the two will start shooting for the film from the middle of this year and Bhansali has been inside since the first time he planned to make the film. Alia and Ranveer have been thinking about getting married.
The husband of the woman has surrendered to the Tinsukia Police Station and the police have arrested him for further investigation. pending investigations.
The Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs, Nirmala Sitharaman, while talking to media today, explained the temporary assistance measures as well as the longer-term assistance measures to support the poor including migrant workers, farmers, small businesses and shopkeepers.
The greed for money causes people to become corrupt and to struggle as much as they can to make money in the right way.
I have been talking about a report from the 1800s, called the Herbert Report and we still have it in writing with us today and so the writing from the time of the British is still with us until these days because they have taken good care of them but many of the details about the customs, great leaders and other information about the past are not with us.
Guillermo, who won the Best Animated Feature Film category at the Oscars for 'Pinocchio', has advised many filmmakers and directors to start taking animation films seriously. for these shall also be well done in the years to come.
The ceremony was attended by Reuben Najiar, Assistant Education Secretary, Laitphar Syngkrem, Vice President, Leningrad Tariang, members of various units and circles as well as leaders. village.
On the other hand, Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma said the opposition urges the government to strengthen the screening of foreigners especially those who come from highly dangerous areas. (Red zone) is the corona virus.
These teams had to travel to difficult and remote areas and from state to state in their service delivery at the time for the smooth running of the election process.
The department has issued an Office Order on January 9, 2022 and this comes after 8 years since the State Government through the Ministry of Agriculture suspended the subsidy for fertilizers to farmers on July 12, 2014 to reduce the impact of fertilizers on the health of the residents.
Special Force-10 Commando has been deployed to search for the insurgents in the area and to assist the SWAT police who are already present in the Gro Hills area.
"Hello".
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai has been forcibly removed from his post as Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship. After receiving a complaint against him, the District Council has appointed Bah Pilar Stone Syiem Nongshai as the Acting Sirdar.
To you I can be like that, to others how much it will hurt me...” Bahnah said.
On the other hand, Rhea Chakraborty, speaking to India Today, said that Sushant lives a luxurious life and denied that she used to spend the actor's money.
The Union Government has declared this day as Good Governance Day to commemorate the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister AB Vajpayee.
Devier M Sangma, Independent MDC from Gasuapara Constituency, South Garo Hills, has sent a letter of support to the NPP-led GHPA on 3rd July to the Chairman of GHADC. Shillong, Nailar 07: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to cultivate the fields in the state to ensure the 2018 harvest.
“My message to all the office bearers, leaders and MLAs of the BJP is that we should work together because as a big party we may have differences of opinion here and there but we will work hard to strengthen the party. you party"he said.
This political intervention in the education sector has degraded the quality of education.
Nongpoh: To strengthen the party and at the same time to bring about changes in the 2023 elections, the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District, today confirmed the full office bearers of the party. The UDP Youth Wing, which was confirmed at the Durbar Hall Iewmawlong Nongpoh, so that they can prepare in advance and work hard for the upcoming elections.
At the same time, Bah Pius said that the operation of the BDO office since the past years has been a great blessing to the people, and many of the employees have suffered from the overcrowding. They have to provide services to at least 157 villages within the Ranikor C&RD Block, so he hoped that through the construction of a new and larger building it will be of benefit to the people.
It is worth mentioning that the Longkmie from Iamkhon village, was shocked to learn that the foreigner, had used her name in the documents, in order to get the number. Registration Meghalaya, where the foreigner misused the EPIC of the woman without the knowledge of the woman.
The family members of the child have written to the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to take action.
Now we know that we are the temple of God, the dwelling place of the Holy Spirit of God.
Shillong, Lber 21: A driver of a vehicle (not a police vehicle) was killed after suspected GNLA militants detonated an IED bomb. Lupen Basumatry of Machpara Dorangre, Goalpara-Assam.
If all the existing health centers need to be upgraded, he will take action to remind the government from time to time to take action to implement according to the needs of the people.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 21 new cases have been confirmed and 280 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The Minister later said that the reason why he said that the Member of the House is trying to mislead is because he said that the people have not had the opportunity to learn.
The meeting was chaired by Diamond Stone Lyngdoh, President of the Shillong Tourist Maxi Owners Association and RM Shabong, owner of the newspaper. Apparently, Mr. Bor Khongji and others.
Shillong, July 05: The Riatsam Thiah Presbyterian Church on Tuesday honored the 80 founders of the Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the Church. .
Shillong: KSU Narpuh Circle, Narpuh Elaka in collaboration with the Association of Sumo Drivers, Umkiang Youth Association, Limestone Supplier Association Lumshnong and Umkiang Women's Association today held a meeting to discuss the issue. Deiwi Tongper and hundreds of men and women have staged a protest on NH-6 at Tollgate Lumshnong by gathering at 10 places with placards, condemning the NHAI and the state government. There is no construction or maintenance of the road.
Speaking to media, he said that the police department has also set up several Patrolling Points on the highway to curb the illegal smuggling of coal. He said that the Police are not able to deploy such personnel in all places due to the shortage of police personnel in the state.
The union said that the absence of heads of schools and colleges has led to poor working conditions in these schools and colleges and this has affected the students.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will hold public meetings to provide accurate explanations on the roster system as well as the policy shortcomings in the state. bring great loss to the young men.
The KHADC Bill aims to hold an election to elect the Rangbah Shnong and will also become an Act to recognize the Dorbar Shnong to run in accordance with the rules laid down in the Act.
He said the VPP will do its duty when it comes to power.
Dr.HH Mohrmen gave a speech on SURE, its activities and training as well.
The source said that the private company has been closely associated with the DMK. The head of the company Karthik is the son of DMK MLA in Anna Nagar MK Mohan. in which his household has also been subjected to Income Tax.
“I have received a complaint on this, but I have not yet seen it,” said Bah Lapang.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, expressed his satisfaction to see that the village has been able to complete the dorbar which is one of the needs of the village as an MLA. He said that the scheme has been allocated 2.50 lakh rupees through the SRWP and to improve the village has also introduced the MGNREGA scheme at a cost of 3.6 lakh rupees.
Finally, the good response of the Government which has pleased the people who are waiting for the news as they wanted, is that the Government has agreed to talk on the demands of the VPP and The RP has decided to appoint an Expert Committee, and when the government appointed this Committee, as we can see through the media, all those who supported it were happy. The 1st July 2023 has been a memorable day for the Khasi people, as the Government has conveyed to Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit the Notification issued by the Governor of Khasi Hills. The State has appointed an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy
Shillong, July 14: Galaxy Lummawbah have won the title and a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka after beating Super Striker 1-0 in the final. Former MP Ma Jerlie E Tarïang has been arrested.
“The dorbar should have ended on Tuesday but we have to postpone it to complete the work of the government such as decisions and others that remain to be done in this dorbar,” said Prestone Tynsong.
To build the road with adequate parking space, a budget of T.10 lakh has been allocated through MUDA of the Meghalaya government.
New PACS were also named under the Act.
There is also a belief that if a Nongmihkhmat is not corrupt, it means that he is not worthy or qualified to be a Nongmihkhmat or to advocate for the rights of the people when he is elected as a Nongmihkhmat to the House. creation.
The purpose of the tournament is to help the youth who are talented in football and to develop them in sports.
Heisar Bareh took three wickets in four overs while Heipormi Laloo took two wickets in four overs.
The purpose of this tournament is to prepare and select the players for the State Championship to be held in Nongstoin in November
According to the family members of the child, the child left home last month, carrying several clothes, but could not be identified. Remember the clothes you wore on the day you came out.
“If you support the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew at midnight at his house, if you support the road blockade of teachers who provide education and also the shooting of teachers, if you support the CAA which the NPP MP has passed in Parliament, if you support the non-ILP, if you support the High Level, the casino...on the 27th vote for the parties in the MDA NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP. But remember don't worry about what they have done after the elections but continue to do what you have done because you have seen what they have done in these 5 years. " he added.
The election manifesto should also include an understanding of the needs of the people.
Dr. Donkupar Roy said that the joining of Egenstar Kurkalang to the UDP party is the best example because the party needs SHILLONG : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced the fourth list of MDC candidates for the upcoming MDC elections. The MDC election will be held on 27th June 2019 from the JHADC.
Speaking to reporters, Zoramthanga said the MNF has been with the NDA and the NeDA for a long time. He said that the MNF is affiliated with the BJP and gave an example that the seven different churches in Mizoram are affiliated with one group of the Mizoram Kohran Leadership Committee, a conglomerate. it does not mean that the United Pentecostal Church or the Catholic Church has merged with the Presbyterian Church or that they have abandoned their own foundation of faith.
The Government has plans to provide drinking water in the coming days, he said.
“Do you make the blind or the speechless leaders? who is he that asketh? No! Because why? We know that he cannot rule,” said Bah Kharjana at the meeting.
Emphasizing the need for this Act, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Labor Department, Prestone Tynsong said that this is the right time to pass this Act to protect the employees from what happens. and Ishamti that they might not escape.
According to sources, on Friday night at 12 pm, a strong wind struck Ri Bhoi District and many houses were destroyed. la jot and pra which has brought great sorrow for those families who suffered this tragic incident.
Regarding this directive from the DGCI, the state health department has issued an order to immediately ban the sale of this drug and urged the public not to use this drug.
Luis Suarez scored the first goal in the 26th minute, followed by Lionel Messi in the 75th and 82nd minutes.
“The Governor has listened carefully to our discussion and has promised to examine the VAB before giving his approval,” said ARPA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. he met the Governor.
“The people of Meghalaya have given their trust to the NPP. The people have seen that our party stands for the welfare of the people.
In Arunachal Pradesh, the 55th Battalion ITBP conducted a cleanliness drive at Sela Top.
JSU President Lawyerson War was the chief guest to inaugurate the sports meet in the presence of Father Vimal Ray (Parish Priest), Headmaster Fr. Book of Lyngdoh Umlong and others.
Mewanpyndap Khariap, Openy Mylliemngap, Rimaka Kharumnuid and Armisha Kharbuki were also present.
In the Lok Sabha, Prof. PG Marbaniang said that the Khasi language should be recognized while he supported the recognition of Nepali and Manipuri.
“We will definitely contest the 2023 elections but how can they think that just because we don't get a ticket from the Congress that we will stop the political work which we have been doing for many years,” he said.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstar Well Chyne, on Tuesday said that the Council cannot accept people to declare an affidavit to change their caste.
This shows that this government has auctioned our land to Assam”.
Jowai, June 8: After receiving complaints from the residents of the area regarding the poor performance of CHC Namdong, the KSU Namdong Area Unit on Tuesday held a meeting with Adhoc President Kitboklang Lamare and General Secretary Samla Juhhi Tariang and several members of the committee visited the CHC and wrote a letter to the CHC.
Instead of hosting the G20 Summit in New Delhi, a Crafts Bazaar was held at Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan from 8th to 10th November.
“This Bill is about the allocation of shares by parents to their children because this opens the door for them to think about how to allocate shares to all their children,” said the CEM. The Bill will be submitted to the full Legislative Assembly which will be held in July.
These types of soils are called alluvial soils.
Shullai, along with the Principal, teachers and staff of the College and students of the College.
Germany manager Klopp announced the decision on Thursday, saying he will resign in November.
“When asked whether BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sarma, who was the founder of the previous government in Meghalaya, will still participate this time, Prestone said, “The Chief Minister of Assam has He is also the Chairman of NEDA and in charge of the states in the North East and Conrad Sangma has already met him but it does not mean that he (Himanta Sarma) is the initiator in the formation of the Government.
Speaking at a meeting with BJYM leaders during the visit, Thakur said that the BJP's allegation of banning cow meat is just an unfounded allegation by other political parties to mislead the people. the public.
The question now is – How do the Khasi Syiems in the constituencies where the Diko (Garo) have already drawn maps to annex the Khasi villages to Garoland feel? It’s time to wake up.
The program was conducted by the Vice President, Bah Splendor Sawmie. The program was also attended by FM Lakiang, BDO Mairang, HF Tallang, BDO Mairang, HD Tallang.
The Word of God speaks of this truth in the Book of Daniel – “He changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings” (Daniel 2:21). .
The Cabinet of Ministers of Sports has announced that the country's renowned Olympic gold medalist Neeraj Chopra will leave for training. and trained at the Gloria Sports Arena in Turkey for 61 days.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) today sent a notice to the house of South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai, Polly Rabon, for violating the MUDA Act. The house is located at Kench's Trace, Laban. The house is located in Kench's Trace, Laban.
Shillong: The KSU Laban Circle has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should suspend the issuance of trading license to Dkhars to do business in the Laban area.
Mawkyrwat, November 25: The Office of the Executive Engineer (EE) of the Public Health Engineering (PHE), Mawkyrwat Division, together with the office of the District Swachh Bharat Mission Gramin (DSMB), Mawkyrwat today held a meeting to discuss the issue. Swachhta Rally was held on Tuesday as part of the public awareness campaign on the importance of cleanliness in the surrounding villages.
Andreas Marwein, Secretary of the Seng, explained the services of the Seng from time to time to donate blood to many patients in need of blood and encouraged others to come forward and have a courageous spirit without any hesitation. you are afraid.
In the second half, both the teams started to fight hard, but Basuk Bina of RUSC scored the second goal in the 63rd minute, before Arlangky Nongsiej scored. sent off with a red card for a dispute with the referee.
After six months, the brothers recovered and the sisters who were not sick also became ill and appeared shyieng like those brothers because of the lack of food.
When the owner is far away, the neighbor gets away. When the government of the sovereign becomes powerful, no one can blame him.
Metbah Lyngdoh said the RDA has urged other ethnic parties to work for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Assemblies.
If you keep it for a long time, it can eat insects.
Do they know why they do it? They don't tip.
UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar today said that the Congress has used witnesses against former HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit in the MDC election campaign. The Congress was the first to take a decision in 1947 to accept and protect Hindus living in Pakistan.
To learn a little bit about Singh Mulieh.
Ex.7:5.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) would like to express its gratitude to the people who have supported the party across the state.
Looking at the following passages, the Bible says that ...THE SPIRIT OF GOD MOVED ON THE WATER (GENESIS 1:2).
The SP today said that three persons have been arrested in connection with the incident at Mahadev Khola, where a woman was assaulted by a group.
It is for this reason that it is called 'u tita pat'
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “All those involved in the IED blast have been arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
In Sohra, the rainfall was 172.0mm today and 109.6mm today.
Mehta is an IPS officer born in 1981 in the Assam-Megha region and is currently the Director General of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB).
Leaders of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Village Authority, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh and Mawlai Block Congress Committee (MBCC) leaders led by MDC Process T Sawkmie met with the Minister of Urban Affairs. today to discuss this matter.
“Even though the state has only about 4 lakh electricity consumers, most of the state has to buy electricity from agencies like NEEPCO and NTPC due to the shortage of electricity production in the state,” he said. added.
After that, the Chief Minister – Zoramthanga conducted a thorough inspection and sent a letter requesting the Central Government to provide T.10 crore to assist the that paid Manipur.
However, in the past few years, the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram, which has given permission for this ritual, has sent youngsters to look after the cleanliness. and to help when there is no part.
“Shortly afterwards, I was informed that the party workers had distributed the news to the people.
When they managed to enter the dam, the robbers also turned up the CCTV camera so that it could not record the theft.
French authorities are investigating the cause of the crash.
The POCSO Court had charged the Chief Superintendent of Police last month and announced the sentence today.
According to Lucas' family members, Lucas was searching for his slipper which was lost in the water.
Regarding the desire of the village to improve the road, Bah Bishar Nongphlang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtari, who is also the Tymmen Basan of the church, said that the desire to improve the road is not only from the village. , but the Presbyterian Church Mawtari wants this road to be improved, so that it will be easier to travel during the Synod Service to be held in October this year, because this road is necessary. eh, in order to facilitate the movement of the people attending the Synod.
On the other hand, the GSU through Walseng said that the GSU has a suspicion that these certificates have been made and maintained on the Assam-Meghalaya border and have the stamp and seal of the MBOSE. Principals of many other schools in North Garo Hills.
Contact No.: 9774917490, Mawlai, Shillong.
With a deficit of $15.26 billion in trade and a deficit of $13.86 billion in services, the total deficit was only $1.38 billion.
Referring to the celebration of their special day tomorrow, Starwin said that earlier in a meeting with the government authorities to discuss for tomorrow, Starwin had He said that the government has promised to provide vehicles from all places so that all the 30,000 members can take part and that the celebration will be a successful one. Two days before the ceremony, he learned that the government has selected people and there is no vehicle to attend the ceremony for the members who want to take part.
In another match, Javi Martinez and Robert Lewandowski scored twice in Bayern's 2-0 draw against AEK Athens.
No one will be allowed to leave the house,” said the government order.
When the public goes to the DTO office, most of the time it is the brokers who are in front of them to pretend to be office workers.
He also praised the MLA of Jirang who is one of the MLAs who is humble and works hard to bring about development in the area and at present Jirang is one of the constituencies in Ri-Bhoi which has received many. it does not develop from roads, schools and others.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and AAP MP Sanjay Singh on Tuesday filed a petition in the court as part of their appeal against their summons. They appeared before the High Court yesterday on the charges of the Gujarat University.
I leave these questions to the wisdom of the authorities and the residents of the area”.
In the women's category, Bitaris Marbaniang won in 51:35 minutes, Starina Jasain came second in 53:15 minutes and second Smarles Marweiñ came third in 53:30 minutes, while Trissina and Shyamali Chakraborty came fourth and fifth in 55 minutes. :21 minutes and 1:12:16.
The SP said that the Forensic Team and Crime Scene Unit of the State Police have also arrived at the scene for investigation.
However, in the past few days, they have not paid the money without any written notice. As soon as they stopped paying the money, he said, the police have started to investigate but the taxi drivers have not thought about it. They don't think it's for this reason and they think it's for the reason of Puja.
Through this programme, we want our youth to participate in similar programmes,” said the CM. He also informed that the Meghalaya Grassroot Music Program (MGMP) has assisted about 1500 artists. last year where they were also able to use their skills.
I asked the Father of the family, 'How many children do you have?' , another is married to a Fellowship'
From Thangskai to Lapangap to Shillong, the operation of the Police has become increasingly clear that they are only Khla to their own people, while they are only Khnai to the border areas when they meet with other ethnic groups or authorities. of Assam.
On the allegation that the Seng leaders receive money from the land vendors, she said that it is a false allegation, because the Seng collects 10 tyngka per month from the land vendors for the land vendors. needs of the Seng, such as the provision of documents, meetings and other needs.
The ceremony was held at the Community Hall of Mawkhar. Welcome speech was delivered by Kong SN War, President of Mawkhar Women's Organization. Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar and welcome speech by Kong M Nongrum Vice President of Mawkhar.
In this raid at the border area of ​​Rongra village in South Garo Hills District, BSF troops and state police have seized kwai hidden near the border which was intended to be smuggled into the state. Assam.
Moosiang Lamare scored the second goal through Fisterjoy Pariat (21st) and Nangjop Nongtdu (38th).
This was announced at the Wine Fair in London, UK on 21st January, which also won the title for the eastern region of the country among the countries in the wine industry. .
There have been 905 new cases and 51 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
“Earlier in 2012, we had submitted a report to the Prime Minister to set up a State Dancing Institution for the benefit of the youth of the state but the government has not believed in this,” he said. The President of AMDA is Bah Thabah.
At the meeting, John F Kharshiing, one of the Congress leaders, said that the Congress government has planned to open 20 border markets along the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh. It is almost complete and if it is completed it will be a blessing for the North East which is on the border with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government can send the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism (IIG) to New Shillong as it is no longer easy to change the road. Shillong Dawki Road.
Booth Level Officers will visit the villages at the Polling Stations from 9th November to 8th November,
Referring to the increase in salaries of teachers, Bah Martle said it is also sad to hear.
The union has lodged a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Shillong, June 27: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited Wahkut in Nongjri-Kulang area. The civil society groups have strongly opposed the site because it is allegedly the site where companies want to explore for one of the minerals, uranium.
Opening the Meghalaya State Floriculture Mission, the Minister said that it is an important step forward for agriculture and development in the rural areas.
It is learned that the reason why they want to arrange with Dr Don to retire voluntarily is so that there will be no power struggle for the post of party leader.
When asked whether she will leave Mawthadraishan if she wins the HSPDP ticket, Fenela said she doesn't want to talk too much now because the two years in Nongstoin will be enough. Maieid Hoping's term of office is over but 2018 will go on its own.
The Gospel is a new voice and idea that speaks of freedom and a fulfilling life.
FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills has found several Aadhar cards of foreigners who have obtained them without proper documents to prove their residence, but only by paying T.1,5 to those Aadhar holders to get their Aadhar.
Through this Act, the Government will take its own decision regarding the price of these commodities in the event of any disease or war or price increase at any time.
In this age when we can watch any game, we often find that the losers don't show the appearance of defeat.
“On the 13th we will get another one to make it 29 people.
Speaking at a meeting of NPP office bearers in Mawkyrwat today, Kong Ampareen said that once the NPP office bearers in Mawkyrwat constituency have promised to win the election, they should ensure that she will get votes from this election. constituency shall not have less than 18 thousand votes.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of January, 2024 will start being released to all Fair Price Shop Dealers until January 15,
The birthday of the Seng Khasi was celebrated as “SENG KUTSNEM”.
It is also said that there is a Mawbynna which is taller than the one in Nartiang and it was planted by the Daloi Arsohpet.
Therefore, we have lodged a request with the Regulatory Commission...I am sure that we will get some benefits from the Commission,” he said.
The Government’s extension expires in April 2013.
“The King of Lapaten informed him that there was nothing else for him to do but to feed the dogs, so he obeyed and after a few days he implemented their plan by I have given bih to the food of these dogs; and he threw the poisonous plant into the food of the frogs, and all 60 frogs died.
and his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven.
The terrorists also tried to detonate an RDX bomb on my path but I survived.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that there are some hotels which have been recognized by the government to be used as quarantine centres. However, all hotels in the state have been allowed to resume operations.
n lh how to protect the blade.
Sunn said he would also speak on issues related to his constituency which is backward especially in terms of roads.
Nehemiah prayed and supplicated God until King Artaxerxes said to Nehemiah, “Why is your face sad, when you are not sick? Nehemiah answered, “Let the king live forever! My face shall not be sad, when Jerusalem, the place of my fathers' burial places, lies desolate and its gates are burned with fire!” Then the king said to Nehemiah, “What do you want?” Nehemiah said, “If it pleases the king, send me to Judah (Israel) to the city of my fathers. I will build it again.” The king listened for a while.
Lutituber Ialong beat Demthring 4-2 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
According to a statement issued by the Tournament Committee, the tournament will start on 31st June 2023 at the Indoor Stadium Nongstoiñ.
Hearing the case of State of Meghalaya vs Shri Brightstarwell Marbaniang & Ors, Justice Sanjib in his oral observation today said to the government lawyer, “You want to ban qualified teachers. Do you want Class I, Class II criminals to become law makers?”.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titos, MDC of Sohra Constituency and Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, said that he is deeply saddened by the misleading of the people of Sohra in the past few days. only for the purpose of attending the meetings of other political parties, by paying 5,000 per head.
Bernard N.Marak said that the purpose of using the Aadhaar Number is to prevent those Government employees from distributing the money of the employees or those who should have received it. financial gain through the implementation of Government projects.
“If we kill even the animals now we will be arrested but the killers have not done anything yet. Therefore, we demand that the government should immediately arrest those policemen and make public the names of those who killed people. “It's not enough to take the life of Bah Chersiterfield,” he added.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: The plan to hold a meeting on the issue of waste from the Meghalaya Agrovet Poultry Farm at Mawthei and 9 Mer by the KSU Umsning Circle and HNYF Northern Region has been canceled due to the absence of the MDC. The company was supported by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Lum Manik Raitong.
RSS members from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills took part in the march which started from Keating Road and passed through Khyndai Lad, Bijoy Them, and reached Anjalee Petrol. Pump, and finish with a meeting on the ground at Garikhana.
On the other hand, Bah Wanarki Laloo expressed his gratitude to the youth who have worked hard during his tenure and hoped that the MAYC under the leadership of Samla Barrister will continue to work smart not only for the party but also for the cause. the needs of the people of the area.
Former Deputy Commissioner of Jaintia Hills, Bah FR Kharkongor, who started the festival 10 years ago, was the chief guest.
On the measures taken by the government to curb the illegal entry of people, it is therefore necessary for the people to understand that the railway will be a blessing to the state, as it will help to develop the country. will promote the sports industry in the state.
Musk, yesterday, had a cold and was tested four times yesterday.
Atanu added that he has seen that the children of the state really have that new talent in the field of shooting, but what they need is the skills. to provide for the needs of the government so that they can appear and shine in life.
There are other kingdoms which feel stronger and stronger and they try to defeat those weaker kingdoms, like a Syrian killing a child.
In his speech, he urged the women to check themselves during their pregnancy and also to vaccinate their children.
“If you want to vote, let us have another opportunity to vote,” said the MLA. Speaking on the Call Attention, he said that the Government's intention is to make the State a '10 Billion Dollar Economy' is just a distant dream.
The award is also only for students who are from Mawkliaw and Kemrang.
He also recalled how, despite being under immense pressure, members came to the legislature to fulfill their duty even during the pandemic.
Officials from banks and other financial institutions also explained about many of the measures aimed at assisting local entrepreneurs in the state.
He said that there are years when the issuance of licenses by the KHADC has decreased and there are years when it has increased. “But the truth is clear,” said Bah Sadon in a statement.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Phra Shnongs, Nongpoh, today met with Bah Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, to inform him of the on their demand to remove these 8 villages from the Urban List.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest congratulated the synjuk for continuing to serve the people of the area for the past 30 years and urged them to continue their good work. .
I don't know why you don't apologize for the actions of this child when you talk a little bit especially to young men and women. dih bad live video kino2 kind of things that can destroy your own ryngieng only in seconds of Satan at such times Satan gets better at entering and sending you to say such words I understand that child doesn't do that However, according to the human nature, it has affected all the Khasi people.
At the same time, he urged the farmers not to lose hope even though the state government when it speaks for the farmers is only a tyngam and the calls of the state government officials are just swa jam. like a rnong that has nothing.
In a letter headed by the Bishop of Jalandhar on the 19th of this month, Mullakal wrote to the Catholic Church of India, saying that his 21-day imprisonment was imposed. , it is a way for him to have time to pray, read the Word of God and to look back at his own life and it is a time of great blessing, he said.
About 32 teams have participated in the tournament but the finalists were Mawkynbat SC against Mawlangkhar SC, where Mawkynbat won. He scored 10 goals and won the title.
Rtiang is the village where the first case of COVID-19 was reported in the Mawrong Road Area. In addition, there are many other cases of COVID-1
During the fighting, half of the schools in Tigray were destroyed and all schools in the area were closed due to the fighting. .
As this is not the first time, but it has happened in other places, the residents demanded from the road construction company to pay compensation for the damage caused to these houses by the company. Especially this is the rainy season when people need to repair their houses quickly to avoid the rain.
The Minister was speaking at the laying of the foundation stone for the supply of water to 20 villages in the Nongpoh area, from Mawtnum to Shangbangla. Census Town.
KHNAM strongly condemns and demands a detailed explanation from the MDA government, said a statement from James MA Neng, Chief Publicity Secretary, KHNAM.
By Direction of the Commissioner,Sd/-Sunesh CenG.D.Walker ESGr, Personal Assistant to the CommissionerM.D.E.I.C.S.Commissioner Surma Valley and HillsDivisions.
And Moses saw that there was a fire in the bush, but there was no building: and Moses stood and looked, and, behold, there was a fire in the bush;
Every day, new faces come to the state, and it has been seen in the markets on the streets that they are using it as their source of income without anyone interfering because here it is easy to do whatever you want.
In addition, NeIPS provides training tailored to the needs of the area, such as tit planting, sewing and mobile making.
Do you have money or Doh or Donbor or do you have a promise to vote for the Nongthep vote???.
The entry of Bah Keith's team has encouraged the Congress in North Shillong, but at the same time he may contest the ticket with Bah WHD Syngkon who is now preparing for the upcoming elections. 27th June to come.
In this regard, the Hill's Farmer Union (HFU), Thadlaskein Block Unit, West Jaintia Hills District would like to thank the officers and employees of the Department who distributed these seeds to the farmers of the area.
On the other hand, the CM agreed to review the draft master plan for these four games.
He said that the opening of the Civil Subdivision was due to the hard work of one person and that is MM Dango former MLA of Ranikor Constituency and Bah Dango is the Rangbah of Ranikor. Man of the Ranikor) and this man is the founder of the Ranikor Civil Subdivision and if you are sad or happy you have to accept that fact.
He said that although the Department of Agriculture of the State Government has clarified some regarding this disease, but it has not provided any clear report especially to tell the public how far it has been cured. you are sick.
This was announced by the party's National General Secretary and incharge of the party headquarters, Arun Singh.
On the 29th November 2017, a meeting will be held to discuss with all the MLAs from the Bri u Hynniewtrep, on the demands which the party has already informed them through letters. The MLAs have decided to discuss these issues in the Legislative Assembly, which will be held at the Khasi National Assembly Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
Meanwhile, Vincent said the state has received assistance from the Ministry of Sports under the leadership of Banteidor as Minister which has brought many victories to Meghalaya.
He said it is not yet known whether the fire was caused by a house or a house, but the Karbi alleged that it was burnt by the residents of Lapangap.
Thus, the implementation of the Excise Act, 1910 also ceased in the territories of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
From chaos, from shapelessness and purity, God created and beautified the universe, ordered and blessed it.
The Waikhyrwi Sports Club and Social Organization invites all football fans to come and witness this match which is expected to be a thrilling match for the spectators.
Ïangrai was remanded in police custody on 5th November and since 12th November he has been remanded in judicial custody.
“I have held a meeting with the Superintendent of Police on the provision of security forces for the Independence Day celebrations.
According to the Government, the sale of fertilizers is part of the struggle to return to a fertilizer-free farming system.
She said that she has tried to meet the DC from time to time to inform him about this, but he is not at all in the office and she said that he is suffering.
On the other hand, Preciousland Kharbhihu had a chance to take the ball into the net but could not put the ball into the net.
“I was determined that if we decided on something, we wanted to invite everybody.
He said that he had the goal of expanding the Hima of Bangladesh.
The public can come in cars or cars too and there are parking lots not far from the venue.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that while the state government is still involved in the fight against illegal cultivation of poppy, the seizure of seeds The poppy seeds smuggled from Myanmar show that these illegal activities have brought about obstacles and destroyed the rule of law of the state government as well as the society of the state.
One of the shortcomings of the youth to take part in the examination may be because they lack the knowledge of how to do it, he said.
According to information, the inability to erect the sign from the zero line is due to an agreement earlier during the tenure of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and Majibur of Bangladesh.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District Unit in the presence of leaders from five villages and leaders of youth organizations from the district. The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday informed the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh about the absence of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of South West Khasi Hills District. Not a single drug dealer or drug user has been arrested in the district.
It is understood that the killer had wrapped the body of Leiyaton in a bag and killed her by breathing in chloroform.
He said that if the government does not achieve this within the stipulated date, the government will take a stronger stance.
Shillong: The State Government has made arrangements to evacuate the residents of Sikkim who are still stranded in Sikkim due to the heavy floods and heavy rains in the state.
Nongpoh: Mawtneng Sports Club and Thadnongiaw Sports Club have won the opening match of the Ri Bhoi League, Bhoirymbong Zone, which started on Saturday at Sohraman Stadium, Bhoirymbong.
Last month, the Meghalaya High Court ordered the dismissal of the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa for his failure to curb the mining and smuggling of coal. -law on coal mining in the District.
The reason is that God wants to punish or sympathize with the world because people have done too much evil—for example, rulers or politicians want only to rule by force or by deceit. of one's own citizens, while some of the citizens, instead of standing strongly against the gangs, collude with the rulers or the politicians so that they can pervert the good laws so that they can benefit only themselves and their favourites.
When I think about myself alone, I find one truth that it is I who create my own problems and obstacles.
The office bearers of the NPP Women Wing, Umjaiur include
“The actions of Bernard and Iangrai are very different and a committee to investigate this case has been appointed by the police department.
Villages with responsible leaders who are smart, clean and transparent in their working methods have seen that their villages have benefited greatly, but villages with responsible leaders who are not responsible and transparent in their working methods have seen that their villages have benefited greatly. Even if they have the meaning of the works that have been done, they are the works that have not been done.
Besides, these villages do not have even electricity and they use solar panels which help them a little bit.
Shillong, Lber 08: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Zenith M Sangma today said that the government has abolished the tin distribution scheme to the poor since last year and instead, The Chief Minister Housing Assistance Scheme has been launched to provide housing construction schemes.
They said that they only need knives and swords and if they have machines or equipment instead of 2 days each, they can finish in hours and they can produce a lot. that tiar jongki.
Shillong: The two-day Hindu Yatra from Shillong to Mawsynram has ended on Tuesday.
“The khiews that have been delivered by me are not from my own budget but from the MLA scheme which I have released to the public in the morning unlike another candidate who is contesting against the MLA scheme. I am the one who criticized my pressure cooker while distributing bowls to himself secretly and I believe you can see that not only did he send it to my house but to the house of another candidate,” he said. u Bah Rapsang.
Shillong, March 25: Tomorrow, March 26, 2013, the Congress leadership in Nongstoin will decide which candidate to contest the mid-term MLA elections from Nongstoiñ Constituency. on November 21, 2015.
He requested that even if the current heritage cannot do anything, the heritage of the Kur Syiemlieh Saw Kpoh Hima Maharam will do whatever is necessary and hopes that the authorities through the The District Administration will investigate and take the best decision as the Kur itself trusts them to be honest leaders for the benefit of the people.
Most of the youths who hope to get a decent job after completing their studies, get addicted to drugs, because their dreams and expectations are not reaching anywhere.
Unfortunately for Meghalaya itself, this border dispute has turned into a border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
We can follow this in Meghalaya as well,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today issued an order to tighten the traffic rules in Shillong. 20 percent in Shillong.
Failure to live a healthy lifestyle increases the risk of high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, stroke and cancer.
He is concerned for the people of Nalgonda, and suggested that they should not be allowed to become victims of the misuse of the plan to generate 20,000 MW by 2020 using the nuclear length.
The Congress has nominated Manuel Badwar and the BJP has nominated the party spokesperson MH Kharkrang.
This Act is known as the National Food Security Act 2013, and has been enacted since 12th November,
He said that the MLA elections in 2023 are the beginning for the HSPDP to win more MLAs. Replying to a question, the President of the party said that the HSPDP will win more MLAs. They are confident that until now only the HSPDP party has been maintaining a smooth and orderly operation and for this reason they hope that there will be no danger.
He said that he and Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the leaders who have worked with the people to bring the district to Mairang known as the Eastern West Khasi Hills District. various offices that are not yet located in the new District.
“We have prepared well for this match because we have suffered a defeat in the last game.
Ms.Eltisha Kharkongor, I explained on the topic of Dropouts, Adult Edn.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh will visit Uttar Pradesh to demonstrate the management and operation of Government-sponsored medical colleges in the State.
East Zone: Shri Denngan Avenno 3.
Speaking to u Bah D.Lyngkhoi, one of the teachers of Government LP School, who has been dismissed by the MDA government along with 75 others, he said that the government The MDA has dismissed these 75 teachers for unfounded reasons.
Mexico has surpassed Britain in the number of deaths from the coronavirus so far.
In the letter, the IMA said that only 0.06 per cent of those who have been injected twice have chronic illness and there are also very few who have developed kidney disease.
Nongpyndeng SS&CC have scored 10 points against Tiehsaw Pengkyllut SC after failing to score a goal until the end of the match on Friday at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
Shillong: A man, Mashenbhalang Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint with the state police after he was cheated of Rs 20,000 for a job in data entry.
I don't think I'm sorry for what we're doing to women, because when you think about it, it's justice, the man doesn't suffer or suffer in giving birth to children, while the woman doesn't suffer. You have to suffer from pain and suffering when you give birth until you have to be cut off your body, until you die, you have to fight alone for the Wait Samen (Jaiñtia language) which is the male. and the father hath never been mad.
These seven cricketers are the best cricketers that Meghalaya has produced so far.
“In my house, it's like a zoo, I have cats, cats,” she said.
Dipankar Barua scored 72 runs from 42 balls and Chandan scored 16 runs from 11 balls.
“Yes Niakha....
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 43254 out of which 38032 have recovered and 758 have died.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Syiem of Sohra Hima today, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of the market, Bah Jambor War, said that the market has been closed. Sohra, which is a famous tourist destination, and it was decided to implement the plastic barrier in this market as it was done in Iewduh.
Nepal today reported 79 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to
Blikshon Sohtun said that during their meeting with Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State, they left his room with joy after hearing that He said that all the Khasi villages in the area should fall within the border of Meghalaya, but what encouraged these village leaders was after they It is learned that this statement of Conrad K. Sangma does not agree with what they have learned.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) today charged Ria under Sections 20, 22, 27 and 29 of the NDPS Act.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, expressed his satisfaction with the readiness of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare together with the health officers to come to the meeting. to inspect and to discuss the construction of the nursing school, which is also one of the construction projects which has been delayed for many years, but through this inspection it was understood that the work has progressed steadily and soon it will be completed. it cannot be opened to the public.
The Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of Capt.
Then, the troops, in self-defence, opened fire on the civilians and in this incident, nine civilians were killed and others injured, said the Home Minister.
Shillong: A storm has struck Mawkajem, Pynursla, at about 3 pm to 6 pm this morning.
However, when the family members said that he had not returned, the relatives and residents of the village gathered together to look for Bah Thongni and when they reached the forest they found the body of Bah Thongni. being shot by unidentified men.
In this regard, it is up to the government to clarify, so that the people will not be surprised.
However, they did not take the opportunity to open and build the training centre, due to the change of time.
In another development, the Assam Rifles said that last Tuesday in collaboration with the Customs, they seized 110 byrni of heroin. They were smuggled to Mizoram and Myanmar.
He was shot dead on 9/09/2018 at Madan Umwang and died on 12/09/2
On the 11th and 13th of July, the robbers killed the ATM servers and Rupay ATMs and stole T.94 crore from banks, some of which were in their bank accounts. The country of the world.
Bah Shylla said drugs not only affect oneself, but also affect the family, the society and even the income, health and others.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Committee, CI Issac.
Lydia asked about the previous day since they were coming overnight.
Shillong: U Bah SK Sun, on his inspection of the Mawphlang Water Supply Station on Saturday, said that the cause of the water pollution in Mawphlang is due to the quarrying of shyiap from Wah Um ïew. Therefore, the water that reaches Mawphlang has to be treated with chemicals and the treatment causes the stagnation of the water.
“If we love and persevere in our work, it will bring many benefits,” he said.
Let us take responsibility and ensure that we will find and recruit only Khasi employees and we will not hire employees of other ethnic groups.
Shillong, March 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawryngkneng Circle on Tuesday visited the Toll Gate Plaza in Shillong. Mawkhanu, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: U Bah Ban Tyngshain Rynga, an independent candidate from Shella Constituency, who has lost his ticket from the Congress party, has admitted that the Congress supporters from Shella Constituency have decided to vote for him. give him your support.
If he is selected in this category, he will reach the Top 25 and the Top 15 Final, said his father Bah Kit Kharmalki and mother Kong Lucil Kharwanlang and relatives.
Under this agreement, Bodoland will be renamed the Bodoland Territorial Region (BTR) and will become even more powerful in its activities.
Former Mawphlang MLA J.A Lyngdoh has recently joined the BJP with the intention of contesting the 2018 MLA elections from the party. the ticket between Lyngdoh and Lurshai.
The Israelites had to cross the Red Sea.
The incident occurred at about 3:20 pm.
As we have seen, Russia now has a starting point for Ukraine.
The President of FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit, Bah Nestor Nongkseh, said that the inspection of these roads was after receiving the RTI. It was found that many of the roads have been left empty because the contractors who have been able to construct them have left them alone.
Speaking on the occasion, the group, which formed the group today and will elect the candidate for Umroi Constituency, said that they have not yet announced the name of the party or the name of the candidate. They hope that the candidate elected by the party will reach the goal of victory in the 2023 election from Umroi Constituency.
Therefore, today or tomorrow, we don't know whether the disease will enter whose house or whose house will be closed, because we have seen, in these days, that many shops have closed, they houses have been closed for two reasons (i) that they cannot follow the rules of self-protection (ii) that the corona virus has entered the house.
Ummulong Presbyterian College has already registered itself under the Meghalaya Society Registration Act 1983 and has merged with Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai.
Shillong Commerce College will play against JJM Nicholas Roy College at 10 pm and Riwar College will play against St. Edmunds College at 12 noon.
He also urged the students and parents to fight as hard as they can to pursue education and avoid part-time schooling.
“Students who go to study in other institutions abroad are facing difficulties because of this and even in CUET and other competitive exams.
I understand clearly now that all these are just attempts to silence us for their own benefit without thinking of the people who need us as volunteers in the State.
In the final match, the women of Wapung Block beat Tluh Zone (Saipung Block) 1-0
The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides West Jaintia Hills on Saturday held the Rajya Award Testing Camp at Jowai.
Shillong, July 30: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) has criticized the government for planning to build a two lane road to Mawthabah village which has only 5 or 6 households.
The project of this scheme is Rs 5,00,000.00 (Three Lakh) and 100% is funded by the Government.
Shillong: The students of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Assam have staged a strong protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 passed by the Lok Sabha.
The RBYF is also angry that the CSWO and HNYF did not meet with the village authorities on this incident, but instead turned away by helping the village authorities. Mr. Selukos, who has been the cause of the community in the village.
Kong D.Shylla as a Nutritionist spoke specifically on the nutritional value of the food and that the people should not eat too much food and should eat nutritious food so that they can be healthy and They also spoke about the cleanliness of the environment, the need to maintain a clean environment and also to have the responsibility to bring about a clean environment and especially to protect the environment by learning how to maintain it. the cleanliness of the morning under the fire of nature.
? They asked the father of Hep for advice. "I don't know how it is with the people. But the village as it is has become very glorious.
We urge the police to arrest these leaders and members of the LRO immediately for criticizing the Presbyterian Church and their attempts to create religious war in the State and India as a whole.
Speaking on this occasion, he referred to the Dikki Bandi Stadium in Tura which was named during the time of Dr Mukul Sangma but this name was not given by him but by the people.
On the complaint of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) against the foreigners who have been allocated doctoral degrees from the state, Ampareen said that she does not have the authority to take decisions on the citizenship of people. Deputy Commissioner.
Nongpoh, Lber 17: The All Khasi Achik Federation (AKHAF) today strongly condemned the KHADC for refusing to empower the Garo people living in the Khasi Hills. They also demanded that the Garo Villages should be allowed to have their own Rangbah Shnong for the purpose of Khadar rule in the Garo Villages.
However, let us look briefly at the facts which may be the main reasons for the decline in the value of morality and dignity of society in our State.
Danggo is a three-time Congress MLA and his relationship with Congress leader Mukul Sangma is not pleasant.
A small stream formed by these small valleys flows west and joins Umjaut in an area with many scattered boulders.
Rowel said the case is still pending in the High Court.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU and SSSS said that they are proud of the youth of the district who have won many medals in this year compared to the previous years. The good performance of the youth was a source of pride for the entire community.
Assam has claimed that the police station in Saba falls under the Jrikyndeng Police Station.
Ma Sniawbhalang said that the opening of the market twice a day will further boost the trade and income of the villages near the market and the market visitors from all over the district and outside the district.
No one wants to see bloodshed because it affects in many ways.
“I am delighted that the Government of India has recognized and awarded Dr Helen Giri the Sangeet Natak Academy Award, which is a great honor for the country and the nation,” said PT Sawkmie.
It is learned that these Christmas singers were riding in a Bolero, which was carrying up to 40 people.
Until now, no clarification has been received from Fenela or any of the parties regarding the talks to join one party, as they do not want to reveal it.
That don't rhah.
The State Tobacco Control Cell has been recognized by the WHO, in collaboration with the education department and the state police, and through various programmes.
KSU Central Body President Lambokstarwell Marngar has sworn in the office bearers and members of the KSU Thangrain Unit.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement today said that former Finance Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Wankupar Marwein has not surrendered to the police. Marius Rynjah (Hepkhoit) has been appointed as the new Finane Secretary and Chandame Passah has been appointed as the new Finane Secretary. as U Assistant finance secretary.
Regarding these issues, the JSU leadership found that all these problems or conflicts are caused by the fact that the people have to stand in their own line and cannot leave the line. once the rest stood up.
The match on Tuesday (8th November, 2023) will be between Shangpung Lumiawmushai and Mynthong at 2 pm.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shimladbiang Rynjah, Vice-President of the Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers Union, said that the union has agreed to the request of the DC to cooperate for 10 months to operate odd and even commercial taxis. Motphran and Khyndailad have been approved from 5th July
Shillong, June 18 : UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday expressed his hope that the people of Sohiong Constituency will win the party candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh in the upcoming elections to be held on the 10th of June.
For example, the CAG has found that the PWD has Rs 479.12 crore in its bank account in 2020-21 and out of this Rs 515.79 crore is the grant-in-aid for the PWD. CSS (Pradhan Mantri Grak Sadak Yojna) “Therefore, if UCs cannot be provided by the departments, the implementation of the funds received cannot be explained.
They reportedly fled to Bangladesh before surrendering to the police.
“I didn’t respect her, like she respected me.
Therefore, the BJP's plan to get 370 or 2 out of 3 seats to amend the Constitution of India, and if this happens the word “Secularism” will disappear and there will have to be only one language, one religion and one custom.
Chau also quoted the Bible from Revelation 7:9-10, which says that they should be humble and obedient and that they will meet again when they meet again. the Throne of Salvation.
The meeting will discuss the strengthening of the party and also the preparations for the MDC elections in
If you ask what science is, science is what can be proved by experiments or by works.
In the presence of volunteers of OCF West Jaintia Hills D Bareh and Kong M Lyngdoh, volunteers of OCF West Jaintia Hills also helped children and persons with disabilities in Iooksi Umdienglin.
It is better to use dry rynsun for food and it is better than live rynsun and contains many strong compounds which make rynsun the best food for the health of the body. .
Shillong, June 01: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Saturday expressed its full support to the Voice of the People Party (VPP) the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
He said that the House has already passed the Act and issued a notice but even after 10 years of enacting the rules, the Syrnod Shongkha has not been fully functional in all its activities. and government.
“Perhaps this year's drought is the wrath of God against us human beings who have destroyed his gifts. “The siej, the sweeping of the hills and rivers and many other things destroy the grace of God. Maybe when he sees that we don't care, he will cause us to fall into this disaster,” she added.
This is happening not only in Meghalaya, but all over the world.
This is also the highest promotion ahead of qualifying for the upcoming World Cup.
The Management of NEEPCO has since October, 2020 relocated the main branches of the Corporation to Guwahati from Shillong with the aim of streamlining the operations,” said the union.
During these hours, the Waheh Shnong said that there were also some residents who wanted to leave the area but after discussions with the Volunteers, it was arranged without any incident. .
“I have already discussed with the MR on this initiative of the Council and the MR has expressed his willingness to cooperate with the District Council on this and expressed his readiness to assist in this regard,” he said. , said Mr. Pyniaid.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Umru together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Block II, Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District, have appealed to all Sengbhalang or private individuals, to inform the Village Leaders of this incident. If they don't tell or cooperate with these Rangbah Shnongs, it will affect the peace and order of the people in the area as a whole. It is also one of the places where there have been frequent border disputes between Meghalaya and Assam.
In the statement, he said that if the government can comply with the rules in the transportation of coal, this will benefit the coal traders in the state and the benefit will also go to the government. “To collect revenue especially as our state is in the midst of a decline in income,” he added.
In addition, the precedence since the 1961 census confirms that for STs, the reservation is based on paid.
He also agreed.
The issue of border hat, the issue of conversion and the issue of banning beef are not the issues that the students need as they get only 6 percent, 5 percent and 4 percent.
MLAs have taken part in the elections conducted by the Election Commission of the State.
In the video, Huff is seen talking to the spirit box of Sushant Singh Rajput and in the conversation, Huff asks the spirit of Sushant Singh Rajput and says, “Do you have Sushant replied, "Steve, I'm in the light" and then Steve said again, "You're in the light, I saw you last night" and Sushant's soul, she says “Yes, I am in the light".
On the demand of the KSU to establish its own university, the Minister said that the Government has already passed the Act since 2011 regarding the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University but till now the University has not been implemented. even fully functional.
In the second leg, Umjlasiaw beat Nonglatem 2-1, with Heimonmi Phawa scoring in the 33rd minute and Baiahun Tariang in the 70th minute.
The family members of the three abductees have paid T.25,000 to the abductees, although the demand was up to T.10 lakh initially.
Of course we all know that water is important and necessary to drink in life but we don't know how much we need to drink a day? produce in the form of water.
On these explanations I would like to say that a person who enters politics must be educated in religion through good teachings; he must know man, know God, have a living relationship with God, understand his duty, have a strong faith in God as ruler and recognize God as leader. genuine.
(Luke 23:43) The happiest answer he heard from Jesus and the one that really touched him was that no other answer could touch him except these words that Jesus spoke today. for thou shalt enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Police immediately rushed to the scene together with the Executive Magistrate, Bah F Basan.
On the eve of his illness he met the young man and gave him a booklet taken from the famous book Pilgrim's Progress.
That night in bed, Rida thought worried about herself because she saw a sign that her mother loved Panah more than her.
Khanapara Police are conducting investigation into the incident and also to arrest those involved in the theft of the Bolero.
At the meeting, which was attended by the Sordar of Majai, the leaders of KSU South Khasi Hills decided to work together with the traders and to go to the KHADC to discuss the issue. There was a disorder in the Khadar administration because the Syiem had given authority to the Sordar to rule over the Khasi and to the one called Gaobura to rule over the Dkhars.
According to a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary, Bah S.Nongkhlaw, there will be four categories for the marathon including the women's category under 16 years of age. , male at the age of 16 years, for those 16 years of age and older for both females and males.
The family members of the girl on Tuesday evening, informed the Nongstoin Police Station to ask for help in the search for the missing girl. .
The extension of the ration scheme will affect the public funds of T.44,700 crore and it should distribute 5 kilos per crore.
“However, on 3rd March 2019, the Dalloi announced that there will be an election for Waheh Shnong on 21st March 2019 without being able to provide the census of the village as requested by the residents.
When we look at society, we see that there are many poor and needy people but they don't have to live in this way. that works that bama bama ruh.
Bah Thabah as the chief guest, urged the bank to improve the way of lending to the people of the area.
KHNAM's statement was in response to Mukul Sangma's statement, “Why is only the KSU against the railway”? KHNAM believes that this is only an attempt to disperse and undermine the voice against the railway in the state.
This has shocked the family members as it does not agree with the statement of her husband who claimed that his wife took her own life by hanging herself.
The Supreme Court has listened carefully to the case brought by the lawyer of these four persons and has directed their lawyer to bring more evidence against the workers. of the Rangbah Shnongs, which has been given two months, and a date has been fixed, to hear again on the 7th of November
On the other hand, the CEO said that the absence of voters may be due to many reasons and the Election Department is now preparing how to find ways and means to attract them. I don't want to vote.
On this occasion, we would like to wish all the Teachers of our country and state a happy Teacher's Day on the 62nd anniversary of our country and state on the 5th of November
A total of 462 people have been infected with COVID-19 and two people have died.
The house where the pataka bomb factory was illegally built was completely destroyed in the incident.
With SLFC not taking Mawlai's attack seriously at the start of the second half, Kevin had the opportunity to score the team's second goal with his right foot.
The HNYF said that the action of Bah SA Kylla, Rangbah Shnong is a violation of his own children which means the owners of the village.
In the women's category, St. Anthony's College won the title, while Gurkha Patshala came second after losing in the final.
What is sad for the Jaitbynriew in these days is that we have changed in all aspects from the dignity of manners in society, the knowledge of the family, and especially in the family we have changed. forget your own customs and traditions.
CVD Diengdoh IAS, Secretary to the State Government, said that from today, 22nd November, there will be a temporary shutdown of the internet for 48 hours in seven districts of the state.
Action should be taken if these foreigners are involved,” said NEIPF Chairman Anup Chetia after the meeting.
Some have lost their lives in several incidents.
The KHNAM, which has four MDCs, has vowed to take action in this dorbar to oppose the proposal to divide the constituencies. .
Speaking to media, President Donbok said that on the government's decision to suspend the two policemen involved in the tear gas attack on children, “If the police continue to protest, we will also show the actions of those who have given bullets to the people. We will also throw flowers in front of the Secretariat so that they will change their minds,” said Bah Donbok. .
He said the Government has responded to the question of the TMC because there are departments which have been ready to recruit, but there are departments which are not yet ready because they are still looking at the documents. leaf.
The six deceased were religious in charge of a Mission School in Assam and included three Sisters, a Father, a teacher and the driver of the vehicle.
Coal sources and electricity related activities have been linked under the SHAKTI policy for equitable distribution of coal.
Rangdajied had already set a target of three goals to score after being beaten 3-0 by Lajong in the first semi final.
The CMYC will serve as a platform for the youth of the State to learn how to learn where they can choose what they have learned.
The PAC has also summoned the officers of the health department on 15th November on the grounds that there have been many complaints about the lack of implementation of the scheme. Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in the State.
In this regard, the union said that the government's action has deprived the rights of two other Khasi who are on the Waiting List of the Khasi-Jaintia Category.
However, later, others came and set up and operated such factories without permission, the source added.
When questioned, the arrested man said that he had taken the gold from a woman who owned a shop in Judea.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that taking the decision of the residents living in the border areas will be one of the parts of the border resolution between Assam and Meghalaya. However, the Government will have to consider other aspects including the number of ethnic groups, the services provided by the Government and the history of the Khasi Hima.
Brussels has been hit by a blazing fire and smoke from football fans, the report said.
The High Court also warned Lucas Shylla, Rangbah Shnong and Daikiwbha Rymbai, Secretary, VDP, not to commit such acts in the future.
For this reason, the government has to convene a meeting of the consumers every time the price of goods rises, because it has little power to do anything.
During the investigation, Marios Pyngrope confessed to the police that he hid them in the forest near the FCI. 17.76 grams of heroin were seized from PHE Pump House in Lawmali.
However, now it is clear that only 23.00 km which is only marshiteng, how will it save the people of the area when to continue?
Shortly after the VPP started the protest, the Minister of Justice, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, called a meeting with the VPP leaders and after this meeting, the VPP agreed to temporarily suspend the protest.
The final will be played on the 25th of this month at 1 pm at Nongtalang Madan Shingtoi Play Ground between Lia Tu Phrang United FC and Turiap FC.
BJP Spokesperson HM Shangpliang said the price of synsar has dropped after the elections.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Twenty-five ministers of Mylliem Hima have lodged a complaint against the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, the Children's Syiem Thwelson Manik Syiem and the Executive Dorbar of the Hima. They alleged that the Chief of Mylliem Hima has misused the money of the Mylliem Hima.
At the meeting held on 17th November, 2023, the Rangbahkurs from the Seng Kmie of the Seng Kur Warjri approved the Sengshnat Siejïong and elected the office bearers to carry out the work of the Kur.
And he said, “As you know, this road connects all the areas of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, all the areas under Pynursla Civil Sub Division, all the areas under Mawphlang Block and Sohiong Block. the areas under Mawsynram Block and all the areas of West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
In football, the team has finished second in the First Division of the Shillong Sports Association and will take part in the Shillong Premier League this season.
On the other hand, the KSU officials said that after the arrest of these four persons, the KSU has sent them back to their home state.
On this occasion, certificates were also distributed as a sign of encouragement and praise to the 20 students of this school who have just passed the SSLC Examination.
As the government, it should look after the 38 lakh people without discrimination.
“Prestone is Prestone, not everyone is like him.
The NGT in its order dated 17th June has directed the Chief Secretary and Director General of Police to ensure that the mining of coal should stop in the state.
This tragic incident happened on Tuesday evening at 2 pm at Khlieh Umtrew Village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Many people have phoned Rupang to inform about the incident and many of them are in shock because they cannot watch football.
Hundreds of people every day, not only come by boat to see the Umiam Lake, but many especially the Khasi come to see the old road, which used to pass through the Umiam Lake. Seventy years ago, when there was no dam in the Umiam River.
The Minister said that the Secretary to the Health Department and other government officials accompanied him on that day – to see if the the college still needs other minor requirements.
Wandonbok urged the public to lodge a complaint against the driver along with the number plate if they find that the drivers are violating the protocols of the government.
The Act also stipulates that anyone who threatens to strike employees will be liable to imprisonment for up to one year and a fine of T.2000 tyngka.
The PHE department has developed a strategy to achieve this goal by providing electricity to all rural households by November
The raid by the District authorities of West Khasi Hills District on illegal coal burning factories or coke plans in Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District has continued till Tuesday as well.
“I can't say too much beyond that, and we always have different opinions on the part of the people because there are those who support and those who oppose," she said.
She also invited the farmers to participate in other trainings related to the treatment of diseases and pests in plants to make Neem Extract, Bordeaux Mixture to get detailed information which will also be a training. they are not profitable in the field.
I don't call it a retrospective, because there is nothing in the Reservation Policy or in the order of the Court about the retrospective method.
Up to 210 participants from teams, villages and schools attended the programme.
The incident happened at Mawsaw Mihngi village this morning at 9:17 pm.
Mawlai and Laiktor are also the teams that reached the final in the first season of the tournament (2022) and Mawlai beat Laitkor in extra time, 2-0 1.
Shish phi when the country is still fighting against Corona, they are still fighting against the fish, I don't know what they have to do with the environment.
He said the government has introduced the Dry Process in 2016 and has abolished the Wet Process.
These are the days when the people live in peace but many dangers and uncertainties await them.
Speaking on the occasion, Nikthil Marak, President of the All Killing Dorbar, said that the Dorbar does not oppose the company's decision to mine stone in the area. Many of the people who witnessed the quarrying operation did not oppose the continuation of the company's quarrying in the area.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of Sharak SK Oil (PDS) in the district has been revised.
He also urged the youth to take advantage of such opportunities so that they can develop their talents and also learn more about the culture of the country. fellow citizens across the state.
“We will hold the tournament at the indoor training center at NEHU Shillong where we expect to have 20 tables,” he said.
Meghalaya now wants a Government that puts the people first and not the family,” he said.
At the same time, she praised Tollywood for not taking what Bollywood does and for doing what it should be.
Time will tell and we will find our way,” said Larisa.
The union also said that the reason for the cut-off of the bridge is the overloading of trucks passing through the road.
Those who set fire to this Bahula were the Bamon, the Doloi, the Pator, the Lyngdoh, followed by other men; and when he was kindled, the multitude came together to destroy him.
The final match between Rongdop SC and Umdihar SC, which was a beautiful match, was very exciting for the spectators. small children, but they managed to show a good fight.
“This time we will win more MDCs,” he said.
“On our part, although there is a complaint from various parties, we have taken a decision and taken it to the CEC and this is a decision taken by all and because we have already “We have worked with the NPP for the past five years and the working method is the same with the leaders of the NPP.
Jowai: A woman named Suk Pyrtuh from Sohmynting village has lodged a complaint with the police that the drivers of commercial vehicles did not allow her to take her when she was going to Jowai.
He urged the youth of today to be brave because if they live in fear, the society will lag behind.
Many people think that the VPP is the only party that loves the people but the truth is that it is not the VPP that loves the people but it loves only its own party to strengthen the party. not to strengthen the nation.
“We feel that the main reason for the violence in Garo Hill is due to the lack of development, income and we feel that the proposal to introduce a law will not bring anything to the elimination of violence. The 16 members of the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA) said in a letter sent to Rijiju.
The Government of India has not yet clarified anything on this issue.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District under the banner of the Dorbar Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District have decided to hold a public meeting on the order issued by the High Court.
Wales goalkeeper Wayne Henneysey was sent off in the 86th minute.
Men Kpa continued. Then they listened for a while and Men Kmie continued to speak again.
It is up to me, the owner, that others have no right to interfere.
The training was conducted by KNGC in collaboration with the National Center for Financial Education (NCFE).
This action of the government, especially the actions of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education Dr Roytre Christopher Laloo and the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, shows the aggression and indifference to the affected. of school children and also of education in the state as a whole.
The awards including the State and District Awards were distributed at the ceremony which was accompanied by songs and dances performed by the students of the school. said M Lyngwa District School Education Officer, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
Nongpoh, June 08: The Berchem Cup 2022 Youth Basketball Tournament has been held for the second time at the Sajer Nongpoh Youth Basketball Ground.
Furthermore, Bah Pala said that the existence of this road will provide employment opportunities for the youth and bring the people of both the states closer together.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that schools in Shillong will reopen from Monday.
The Night Super Bus (AS-01-GC-3886) and AS-19-C-0074 (AS-19-C-0074) were heading from Silchar area. They were arrested by the police after receiving a tip on the smuggling of the smuggled goods.
The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, leaders of the Longkmie Wing, Youth Wing and Village Authority were present on the occasion.
Shillong: Students of Martin Luther Christian University Shillong, Shillong, have expressed their regret that they will not be able to attend the funeral of (L) Most Rev. Dominic Jala tomorrow at the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah. .
When the Nongrhoh reporter visited the village, it was found that most of the residents of the village are engaged in agriculture and the most profitable agriculture is the cultivation of kwai and tympew along with other agricultural activities. .
However, those who love the same churches feel the same way in their hearts, even if they are only a few in their own ranks.
“After the village did not allow them to violate the law, many of the foreigners had to sell their land to the Khasi,” he said.
"Ramesh Dkhar has escaped from the hands of the mob while another prisoner who escaped from the jail with the I Love You group, Rikmenlang Lamare did not believe in this incident.
And according to the signs, he doesn't know anything about the decision or the resolution of the state, but he knows only the Constitution of India.
The council will also introduce an amendment bill (Establishment of the Elaka and Villages and Election, Appointment, Powers, Functions and Jurisdiction of the Dalloi, Sirdir and Waheh Shnong) Bills
There are many who oppose the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma in political matters, but if it weren't for him, he would have sent the Svamitva project of the Government of India to the District Council KHADC in Manipur was born in Meghalaya.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sohra, Bah Phos, reminded that three percent of the residents of Sohra live on coal, and if coal mining is banned, it will also affect the market dwellers who wait for the market from the coal workers.
Jaipur was hit by several bomb blasts on June 13, 2008 when one bomb exploded after another at Manak Chawk Khanda, Chandpole Gate, Badi Chaupad, Chhoti Chaupad, Tripolia Gate. , Johri Bazar and Sanganeri Gate.
Shillong: The Officers XI of Meghalaya defeated the Chief Minister's XI in a football match today to mark the 47th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
He said it is necessary to find a way to resolve this long-standing problem.
“The statement by the Director of IIPH Shillong, Sandra Albert, that I have crossed the border by violently and insultingly insulting the students and teachers of the Institute is excessive and should be rejected. I understand and I inform her and I don't need training on manners from people I don't know and don't respect”.
It is learned that only in Ri Bhoi, there have been collisions on 17th and 18th March, which has also caused delays in the traffic of the people, who use to pass through this road.
The HSPDP has given the government 10 months from 5th July to respond and implement its demands to stop the issuance of certificates by other authorities except Rangbah Shnong. The union has also given 10 days to the government to pass a law to empower the Rangbah Shnongs, according to Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit at a general meeting led by the union. which was held at the Student Square.
The event was organized by the SBI Officers' Association.
He said the NPP is contesting only in the constituencies where it has a good chance of winning this election.
