As soon as they saw the police, the robbers opened fire but the police did not turn away as there were children and women near the forest.
If we allow the enemy to grow, we will be defeated.
“We have never seen that the police have arrested a single drug dealer or drug user in Mawkyrwat, but most of the incidents have been arrested by the village leaders, youth organizations. village, longkmie village organizations and various organizations and this shows the slowness of the police department in the fight against drugs,” said Bah Nongrem.
)Therefore, in the rule of the people, we the people are responsible for our death, life, or wealth.
These include East Khasi Hills 77, West Garo Hills 43, Ri Bhoi 17, South West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 12, South Garo Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills and East Garo Hills 3.
“This is not the case,” Conrad said.
Speaking to media on her visit to the state as the chairperson of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Environment, Science and Technology, she said that the defection of people to the BJP Congress leaders like Rahul Gandhi have been arrested only because they want to give reasons.
dui-ly-dui : which cannot be used to describe the weight of a heavier object.
On the same day, a road collapse occurred at Rngaiñ on the road from Shillong, Pynursla to Dawki.
U Myntri Rangbah ka jylla, u Conrad Sangma, dang shen u la pyllait paidbah ïa ka skhim kaba la ai kyrteng CM Elevate, kaba dei ka skhim kaba ai ryngkat bad ka Subsidy na ka skhim jingïarap pisa lang na ka sorkar bad kaba sei hi nalade to do whatever works to stand on their own feet.
All these MDCs informed about the work of Sing Mulieh who has contributed since he entered politics in 1978, he has been an MDC for four terms and has been a member of the party. The CEM, EM, Nominated MDC, Former President of MDCs and MLA of Jowai Constituency.
Protesters from Narpuh Elaka, tried to forcefully enter the dorbar hall, where they staged a protest in which several of the protesters and police were injured.
In West Khasi Hills District, 17 cases have been confirmed from Shalang, in Ribhoi District, one case has been confirmed from outside the state. Three of them were admitted to RP Chest Hospital in West Garo Hills.
KAS has also requested the State Government to provide land for the construction of a new office in Shillong and the Minister has directed the Officers of the Arts and Culture Department to take action on this proposal.
“Therefore, the department has promised that on Tuesday it will issue a public explanation whether it is permissible or not to eat beef contaminated with the disease but it has not done anything. and this has brought the people as well as us the sellers to stay in great darkness,” he said.
Rupda Lato received the award from the President of Haven's Cove Bari Laloo and the leaders of the Kyrmen Foundation at a function led by Simi Khongthiang.
If you don't speak Khasi, it's better not to speak.
The investigation was accompanied by an employee of the DSEO and the report was sent to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) South West Khasi Hills.
Sometimes the overflow of patients from the rural areas has also led to the spread of the disease due to the overcrowding and especially due to the inability to keep a distance from each other.
The border dispute between the two states in the North East has been pending for a long time and has not been resolved yet.
Speaking to media, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Ri-Bhoi District in the presence of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and members, said that during the meeting with the Minister, The Union has reminded of the long-standing projects including the Maternity and Child Hospital at Parila Umsning and the Trauma and Emergency Center at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
The ability to light the streets or the presence of street lights is one of the ways to prevent crime.
According to the family members of the child, the child did not have any illness or defect, but she was well and at the time of the disappearance, the child was wearing a blanket. a dress that included a blue tupia, a cotton shirt.
He said that once the CRPF has moved from the Mawlai Nongkwar camp, the Government will turn it into a Skill and Entrepreneurship Training Centre.
Shillong: The State Government today decided that Government schools and deficit schools should charge only 50% of the tuition fees while schools Private schools such as religious schools and others will charge only tuition fees for three months, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong.
There are those who want to study at the University of Delhi, Jawaharlal Nehru University and so on.
He said he does not regret his defeat in the mid-term MLA elections from Ranikor because he has done well.
He said that since the 1st, it has been two days since the residents of Sohra saw the sun shining on the village.
They will start looking for new people or supporters.
Now the rain for nine days and nine nights is gone, and it is only a story for future generations.
Shillong, July 18: The state government's plan to build an entry and exit point to check the entry and exit points of people coming to the state, may take time as so far, the public hearing to take land for this purpose is still available in some places, although many have been completed.
“When the MTC has not violated any of the terms of the agreement, it has been forcibly removed, we have to look into this at the next meeting,” said Bah Ronie.
Look at the pulmonary TB patients who are undergo MDR/XDR or those who are HIV positive how much they feel in society.
We are surprised how these three-year-olds don't know the fact that this road was announced by the MoRTH in 2010 through its website.
When sin abounds among men, love abounds.
Jowai, November 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Emanbha Marbaniang (1), Arbandelness Khongsngi (53) and Milli August (74) scored the goals.
Why do I say this because whenever I visit Christian churches I see that every church has its own Bible, and that when anything in our homes means that we use those tools regularly, especially the Bible, which means the Word of God.
In addition, programs related to the Youth Parliament debates have been cancelled.
“I hereby announce that it is strictly prohibited to use bombs, pesticides, throwing jars and other methods of fishing that harm underwater species,” he said. Isawanda Laloo's law was issued.
Sikai FC goalkeeper Edison Suna was named Man of the Match.
Prestone said Gokhale should not challenge the rule of law in Meghalaya but should go to West Bengal ruled by the Trinamool Congress because it is only the people of Meghalaya. who can challenge the rule of law in their own state but not by foreigners.
The law stipulates that Narendra Modi's wife, Jashodaben, cannot live with her husband even if she no longer lives with him.
Even now, this issue is still pending, where after several hearings, the state government has been directed to make many rules along with the introduction of a system to protect the environment.
The eyes see good and bad things that are right and wrong.
Kommanwell Nongrum (19) and Bikram Chettri (61) scored the best goals.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Four church groups have received a burial ground in Lawmali Forest under the jurisdiction of the Forest and Environment Department.
Gymnastics has been able to take part in the Meghalaya Games 2022 after four years of revival.
On the occasion, the Minister, who is also the President of the UDP Youth Sengkmie, did not deliver a speech but only a few words of congratulations, blessings and blessings. for others who have spoken before have spoken.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) on the 7th of this month continued the distribution of food items to the border villages in India and Bangladesh.
He said that the allegation that it is a fake school is groundless and if they want to prove this they can send an inquiry to the CBI.
Passah said that although there are schemes like the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) and the Meghalaya Water Harvesting Mission, besides the fact that the state receives a lot of rainfall, there is no reason why residents will not get water or why there will be water shortage in this area.
:All West Singing Superstar Season 1 organized by the All West Dancers and Singers Association will start from 10th November
He said that the Capital Investment Fund (CIF) has been given to all the States as an example for economic development.
The Central Government has already released T.34,140.00 crore before this release.
A total of 1718 cases have been heard, of which 340 cases have been settled at a cost of T.1,64,70,5
He said that if it is still possible, the flyover will be extended and if land is available it will be extended to other areas.
Right now we have no such policy.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Langpih Area Unit (FKJGP) has strongly opposed the proposal to set up a Khar Nepali Market in Langpih, at a place in Langpih village, on the road to Mawdiangsnam.
He said the lack of income of taxis is also due to the lack of drivers where people stay at home and petrol pumps are closed.
The HYC has also met and discussed with the Vice President of the factory, SC Mahanta and the members of the HYC have also sent all the foreign workers working inside the factory. Mahanta said that they did not have the factory because the factory is still closed due to the maintenance of the equipment. sheets of all the workers in the factory.
The match will be played at the Naihati Bankimanjali Stadium in Naihati, Kolkata today (03rd November, 2023).
On the same day, the office bearers of the JNC Sumer Circle, who will serve for the year 2024 to 2029, were also renewed. that they may work better and better to serve the whole community.
“We will walk alone, we will not ask for support from other political parties whether they are ethnic or national parties.
However, the Modi Government invites all the BJP MPs in the 281 Constituencies to commemorate this day as “Good Governance Day” as a sign of respect for the Prime Minister. Atal Bihari Vajpayee, whose birthday falls on this day.
Of these, 403 cases include 6 cases in East Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 226 cases in East Khasi Hills.
With their victories in London last month, India have played well in several games to take a 1-0 lead. in the first quarter of the match.
In the 4-5 years old category, Nongthymmai won the title, in the 6-7 years old category, Wahlakhiat Bulls won the 8-9 years old category.
To be clear, if our District Riewlum no longer allow us to participate in the Legislative Assembly and if we Riewlum continue to express our opposition to the violence against us, the time will come when The rule of law in Assam will become fragile and unable to run smoothly in accordance with the principles of democracy.
Therefore, the village authorities and police regularly visit these poor houses to avoid being exploited by people by committing illegal activities and others.
Jowai, July 2: The KSU Myntriang Unit has thanked the BDO of Saipung Block and government officials for visiting Myntriang Village to explain about the NREGS (100 Days Scheme).
He said that MSSASA has submitted a letter to the Government and has met with the Education Officers to release the Balance Amount of T.104.36 crore to the Government. The SSA teachers have to pay their own salaries according to the Capping Norms of the SSA. On the 2nd of October this year, after the SSA teachers took to the streets, the Minister of State for Home Affairs Pule Puthi Bah Lahkmen Rymbui promised that the Finance Department will pay 50% of the salary of T.104.36 crore and 50% will be released later.
He said that the State Government has also decided to set up a Shillong Campus of the State University.
On our part, we will continue to do this and we have handed over to Shillong City to monitor on a daily basis,” said Bah Donbok.
Both the goals were scored by Shaibor Nongrum in the 62nd and 83rd minutes.
The program was also enriched by the participation of various SHGs within the Cluster Level Federation.
Four African countries have been infected with the deadly disease, with 1,700 cases and 932 deaths as of Tuesday. ladep, including 80 doctors and nurses.
They also demanded that the DC should punish those Aadhar holders who do not take money to do this.
I don't know if you're going to Nongstoin.
“The withdrawal of support to the MDA government depends on the decision of the party (PDF), but I as a minister and personally I am against this proposal of the state government,” he said.
She said that if they go to buy food, sugar, soap, milk and other necessities from the shops, they have to show a syrnod issued by the government that they don't have to pay money.
Despite the shortage of teachers, the government has placed a heavy responsibility on some teachers because one or more teachers have to hold two or three types of jobs and this has affected the The students of the Government College.
The incident happened on Tuesday at 12:05 pm while the doctor was going to khwai in the river near the village.
“This will be for day jobs or trade jobs,” he said.
With the aim of encouraging the residents to grow and care for the flowers that beautify their homes and surroundings, the Bio-Diversity Management Committee (BMC) of Ratacherra Village, East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday On Saturday, the Flower Show Competition was held.
The Working President of the UDP, Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the candidate from Jaiaw, said that the UDP has nominated 27 candidates for the KHADC and 26 for the JHADC and hopes to form the EC on its own. .
To learn more about the incident, the reporters met with the owner of the shop, Bah Khlaiñbor, the owner of the house, Bah Standing and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawmluh-Smit.
Therefore, on behalf of the ATCCC and all the Christians of Assam, we request the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma to ensure the credibility and meaning of the Bill and to be neutral according to the Constitution. Freedom of worship as enshrined in Article 25 of the Constitution of India, by passing the Assam Healing Practices Bill, 2024 for the benefit of the state,” said the letter. The signature was signed by Rev. Dr. Solomon Rongpi, Rev. Enash Kumar Basumatary, Rev. Laban Pegu, Rev. DC Haia, President, Vice-President Rev. Dr. Solomon Rongpi.
On this issue, it was reported that many states will strongly criticize the Indian government for their share in the meeting to be held today, where even the BJP-ruled states will not participate. aili faithful, said the news.
The last tribute to Bah HS Shylla was held at his residence in Lum Khyriem, where the elders spoke and paid tribute to Bah HS Shylla in his service to the people. the people who are for the nation.
After the inspection, the Coordination Committee met with the Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), West Jaintia Hills District and also submitted a letter to the SDSEO to build the school building of these two schools, to provide classrooms and toilets. to provide benches, chairs, black boards and other necessities.
The medical camp was also sponsored by the YMCA of India.
Earlier, Bah Ransom Sutnga, President of NPP Shillong North, said that the purpose of the award ceremony is to recognize the students who have worked hard in their studies in the SSLC examination. He said that this will encourage and encourage even others who have not been able to reach the top of the examination to compete hard in the upcoming examination to win the award. u next year.
After the public hearing, 15 people including some members of the JSU, elders and youth of the Presbyterian Church Mukhap including two young women who came forward to donate blood. your blood is theirs.
Meanwhile, SP (Rural), Brijesh Kumar Singh, said that as they have received a complaint from the villagers, they will have to investigate into the incident.
Speakers at the meeting included Dr KK Jhunjhunwala of Eastern Panorama, Thomas Lim of Meghalaya Times, Bah P. Sohkhlet of Shillong Press Club, Bah BP Domes of Dongmusa, Bah RM Shabong of MEPA and Bah Morning Star Sumer on behalf of the writers, said that the award of Bah Lambok, is a recognition of India for the contribution of Khasi newspapers, most of which are government or private. People in this state don't understand the work and service of the Khasi newspapers, but many of them just criticize.
“It is better to try the railway to transport goods to Byrnihat.
In his place, the UDP has nominated his brother-in-law, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah.
This road connects Thadbamon, Thadialong, Moobandu and other villages.
The six participants include four women, Alfonsia Riang in the 35kg category (12-13 years), Mary Christine Riang in the 38kg category (14-15 years). ), Naphilawanbet Nongspung in the weight category of 51kg (14-15 years) and Aitibanteilin Kharumnuid in the weight category of 51kg (14-15 years).
George Herbert Walker Bush, the 41st President of the United States, has died at the age of
Not only to the youth who are still working but also to the employees who are already working under MeECL/MePDCL in these two circles which have thousands of employees.
When my friends and I asked why they had to bring all the food from home instead of buying from the shops here? They didn't answer him because they couldn't speak anymore.
The meeting began with the introduction of the Miss Grand India Meghalaya project which aims to celebrate the empowerment of women to shine on the world stage. think of a strong spirit and determination to speak on various issues such as public awareness on tuberculosis.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, Additional Deputy Commissioner, MB Tongper and other officers were also present at the match. from Ri Bhoi and journalists from Ri Bhoi.
People throw all the garbage from the house right into the river without hesitation.
The decision also said that the appointment of Kong Loma was biased and discriminatory.
Referring to the game on this day, it was very exciting and exciting for the spectators.
“We have already returned T.1.25 crore to the people who bought tickets and we have been able to complete this in July this year with the loss of the organizers of the festival. It has reached T.3.6 crore due to the cancellation of the festival,” said Bah Jason.
This is not ready for those who attend the NPP meeting,” he said.
Arkini Chyrmang scored two goals for Khliehmyntdu in the 21st minute and Bandaia-i Ryngkat in the 54th minute.
The Best Library User Awards were also presented to Bashai Matti Lyngdoh Nongbri and Kareen MA Kharsohtun from the Department of Sociology.
However, Meghalaya took advantage of the opportunity by sending a fast ball, and Manish Shar, who bowled quickly with his right hand, scored four wickets for Nagaland. They scored 22 runs in 10.5 overs.
Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again” (John 3:7).
Therefore, the group has sent a letter to the Chief Minister in July 2016 to demand that he should follow the same measures as the central government. and other states of the country.
" Unquote at the end of the first paragraph of my decision.
Let me just give an example here of just driving cars.
Kurkalang said Dr. Mukul should apologize for his misrepresentation through the media.
Shaphrang shaphrang I'll be young, I'll win and I'll die; There's a war on earth, And I'll find many troubles.
Other speakers included Tympang Pohshna, Dr Amanda Pakynteiñ, wife of Banteidor, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and others.
Trump also disagreed with the wearing of masks, saying that many people wear masks, then touch them and then touch their heads and faces. however, it is the main cause of their illness.
On the other hand, Bah James Ban Basawiawmoit said that the public hearing was not appropriate and was done in a hurry.
Therefore, the youth of the area are encouraged to visit the site to choose their careers.
The team from Kendriya Vidyalaya, Happy Valley, Shillong won the state level title, while the second and third place winners were Tura Public School, Tura and Mawrong RMSA Secondary School, Ri. -Fear.
One group was blocked by the government authorities after reaching the MBOSE office, another group was blocked when they reached the All Saints Cathedral. .
“We live in a democratic country, it is the duty of the government to provide for its people, when there are such problems, but what is sad and angry to the Seng is that the government officials and people's leaders “It's a good idea to take advantage of the suffering and suffering of the people at this time of suffering,” he said.
How do you feel about working inside the office? It is necessary to visit the places where any schemes are being implemented to know exactly how they are.
“Don’t take to the streets, the streets cannot meet the demands.
Behdeinkhlam and Jwai Wow participated in the election.
Besides the impact on land revenue, the distribution of drinking water in many parts of Tura will also be severely affected as the Council is in charge of the distribution of water to many villages in Tura.
Wherever you turn, you see only sorrow and grief.
He also reminded that as youngsters or athletes, don't rush to go to people's homes because this is also one of the reasons to discourage them from developing in sports.
As citizens we must know that we cannot get a true leader if we elect a leader by the power of money but only if we elect by the path of righteousness and truth.
Langsning continued to fight harder and closer to the end of Ryntih and in the 22nd minute, Kitboklang Pale scored the second goal which gave the team more encouragement.
Immorality on the road should not be tolerated as it can lead to tragic incidents.
On the other hand, the villagers also expressed their gratitude to the former MLA who saw and expressed the gratitude of the school by providing the school building.
More than 50 years ago, Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
The overcrowding of schools in Meghalaya has affected the education of the children and teachers who have to work and perform the same job, but the salary differs between them.
In the Under-16 Boys Singles category, Corban D Khonglah won the title by defeating Kermi W Lywait 11-5, 9-11, 9-11, 11-6 and 11-8
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth's Council (HYC) today submitted a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to recognize the those who still hold the Tynrai or Tre religion as rich.
Eddy Pohtam, BSF troops, said that the signboard will be meaningless because the BSF is the one who allowed these Bangladeshi suspects to enter the border. India.
This time, we will see how wise the people are to choose and change the Khadar system in our state.
Besides, he also urged these officers to be disciplined and to develop their mental strength and to do well in their training.
He said that since 2010, the Seng has urged the residents of this area not to use this river and this is after the death of many fish in this river.
The celebration was inaugurated by the MDC and Executive Member of KHADC Grace Kharpuri as the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah P Kongwang Sirdar of Raid as Symbud Chief Guest, Rangbah Shnong Bah SL Kongwang. President of the Managing Committee, Headmaster, teachers, Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages as well as residents and school children from the village.
The report also reported that the club's appointment of Ruben from Spain follows the release of Nathan Jones in the past few days; who has been able to complete the activities of the group in just three months.
Khrawbor said that even in Shillong the roads are bad, even in the rural areas it has been neglected by the government.
The struggle of the workers as has happened in the past years has brought the loss of the people of the state.
Besides the State Award, the District Award was also awarded to 36 teachers across the state.
“It is true that many books have been published on the works of Thomas Jones but the publication after collecting detailed information like this book says that these things shed light on the life of Thomas Jones,” he said. Bah Pynshngain.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the death of this person will be sent back for testing whether the death was due to COVID-19 or the deceased. There are no other diseases that have caused him to covid-1
:The Raid Mylliem, which is held once a year for 6 days, on the 24th of June, has come to an end with the participation of the youth of the raid. in the village of Mawnarian.
The US has so far claimed that 7,000 Russian troops have been killed and 21,000 seriously wounded in the fighting in Ukraine, according to the New York Times.
The tournament was organized by the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Planning Officer, Jowai, the Jaintia Hills Chess Association and the Meghalaya Chess Association. students in these types of sports.
Police don't know where she lives because at this time she couldn't tell.
This was revealed after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Minister of Transport, replied in the Legislative Assembly.
After the HNYF discovered this fraud, the HNYF has also met with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of PWD Road, to inform him. The government has suspended the construction of this road because before the HNYF found out about this fraud, the company has handed over the land. to sub-contract to the owners of the land for the construction of this road.
He said that when the government allowed to register passengers as usual in the past, the drivers and drivers of vehicles started to protest to get back the fare which they had taken in the past. post-lockdown.
I need a loan to expand my business that I will be able to open a bakery shop so that I can do good business.
Therefore, these few statements enhance the fact that the Jaintia (Pnar and War) and the Khasi are one nation, not as stated in the Constitution of India, not as written in books and explained by some. Meghalaya has three major tribes, the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia.
East Shillong MLA Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh immediately visited the scene and talked to the shopkeepers who suffered from the damage.
It is best to rest your body for a few days until you feel better and then you can start exercising again to get full health.
Messi failed to score two freekicks for the first time in Major League Soccer at home.
The first brother is Terenceus (RIP), followed by Clarencius (RIP), Primus, Delphinus, Desiderius, Basil (RIP) and the last brother, Stella Marwein.
“We don't want to face other problems like we face between Meghalaya and Assam, tomorrow we will have ethnic conflict between Khasi and Garo, now we are fighting only with Assam tomorrow we will have to fight with Garo. ", he added.
When inquired from the UDP, it said that it has not yet decided whom to support but it is understood that it is up to the MLAs to choose between the two candidates.
On this basis, the ration cards of those who have not received ration for 6 months will be cancelled.
Mawphor spoke to the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Rev. Richard M. Majaw.
Furthermore, the new office bearers of the party for the next term were also elected.
Bah Sadon alleged that all these things that the government has done are just jokes and thanks.
“I have seen that when the BJP is in power or the BJP has more power in the government, development projects do not flow well to the people because we have only one goal to serve the people.
After the programme, Lahkmen also inspected the law kyntang of Chyrmang.
"I waited there for an hour and a half but no one came out," said Rida.
“Manipur is ready to support the organizers for the smooth running of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 and encourages Meghalaya to participate,” he said. forward in its activities even if it encounters difficulties.
However, although it has served for 50 years until it celebrated its golden jubilee, the surprising thing is that the school has not received recognition from the government education department and is still an Adhoc school.
“The meeting is important because the information we have received from the DCs and SDOs is necessary for the people,” he said.
Shillong: Rangdajied United beat Lajong Junior Reds 2-0 in the U-15 Youth League Shillong-Guwahati Zone today.
According to a statement from the President of the party, Bah Nestor Nongkseh, the party strongly condemns the burning of a dumper truck in Mawthungkper by unidentified robbers.
When asked whether the bodies of the three dead were found in the coal mines, Dhanoa said, “We don't know where the incident happened or the death of these three dead. it is from the collapse of the coal mine or from other reasons.
Music Producer : RMB MUSIC ( Ummulong ), This song is by Suzan Dkhar.
Besides Rohang, three MLAs, including Ganesh Kumar Limbo (Barchalla), Sibu Misra (Lumding) and Bir Bhadra Hagjer (Haflong), have also tested positive.
In the second article, Babu Mon Lyngdoh talks about the counting, the honor, the wealth and the inheritance from the father.
Speaking to Rupang, KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that Lumdiengjri Police Station yesterday phoned the Sengbhalang leaders to inform them that they have the necessary documents to order and authorize the KSU. Auguster Jyrwa said that the police have arrested them for not appearing before the Special Court for a case which has not existed since the time of the ILP protest. The Sengbhalang leaders left for Lumdiengjri PS and when they reached the police station they found that they had indeed the documents related to the cases which have been going on since the time of the ILp protest. Auguster said they have ordered the Sengbhalang leaders to appear in court.
The reason why the Shnong has convened this Dorbar is because many of the residents of the Shnong have been misunderstood that the Shnong intends to bring in the garbage dump, but it is not as they have been informed. The aim is to introduce Solid Waste Management according to modern technology which does not affect the health of the people and the environment.
He said that in these days, it is necessary to think of ways and means to train the children and youth to be trained in various fields not only in reading school books but in other fields. in foreign languages ​​as Skill Development and Vocational Programme.
Unlike other sports, the U-23 T20 League does not have any group for the Eastern States to have the same skills as others.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KHNAM) has announced its candidate for the MDC election 2019 from Laitumkhrah constituency. This is the name of Pyndap Saibon.
Many school buildings were also damaged.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 9: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Huroi Unit, under the leadership of its President, Wallam Lamin Gadew and Vice-President, Gilbertstar Khonglah, today held a face-to-face meeting with Santa Mary. Shylla during her inspection of Huroi village and demanded that she should take immediate action to withdraw the Border Security Force troops who used to patrol the National Highway at Sonapyrdi. The border guards are not allowed to patrol the national highway.
Sunil Britto who said, “Please don't cut down trees and don't allow cows or sheep to enter the area.
However, what the people are discussing in the forums is whether it is good for teachers to participate in politics or whether it is wrong for teachers to contest elections and become teachers.
After receiving information about the resurgence of the virus in countries such as China and South Korea, the government authorities have directed the states to be prepared from country to country in case of outbreak. at any time.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that through the Meghalaya Milk Mission, the Meghalaya government wants to encourage the people of the state to set up their own businesses by raising cows to increase income in the country. the state.
The Government has worked with pharmaceutical manufacturers from day one and provided them with support.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 04: The Mawpharkhrew Village Youth Association (SSSM) has organized a volleyball tournament for the Women Volleyball Championship of the 5th Meghalaya Games. program was held at the Resources Center, Mawranglang Lai-Kyntoit, South West Khasi Hills District.
In its order, the High Court said that the state government should respond within three months and the case will be heard again.
The Meghalaya Scouts & Guides District, West Jaintia Hills District, as one of the organizations working to bring about unity among different ethnic groups, has joined hands with the United Nations and has held a meeting of Scouts Masters and Guides. Adiam and Bthuh, Jt.
The Hills State People Democratic Party (HSPDP), the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) and others were formed.
The union started collecting trading licences from Garikhana and continued until they reached Motphran.
The last time the government announced to hand over to private companies or to privatize it, it was handed over to a company from Kolkata, but so far no signs have been seen until this collapse. This is the atoskhana.
The closing date for receipt of application forms will be 25th June 2023 and only teams who have paid the advance fee will be accepted or you can G-Pay on
The Jorabat Police Outpost has seized 2500 kilograms of Ganja from Manipur and recovered 32 grams of Ganja. Sying, which the Ganja traffickers, had packed inside the truck.
In this book “Lynti Bneng” there are seven books that make life happy.
Taliban militants have shot and evacuated civilians from their homes in recent days in parts of Kandahar.
The Commission, in its report, found: “It should be remembered that the institutions of local government play an important role in all democracies.
Kharaswai said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should run the 108 Emergency Services itself from the National Health Mission.
They were sworn in by Rev RS Nongkynrih in the presence of STang Ex MDC JHADC as the chief guest, Letkor Dkhar Symbud Chief Guest, Cassian Alphone Suchiang. Muksor who is also the Camp Commander & Training Incharge of the Centre.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 387 new cases and 4033 active cases in the State.
Now with the advancement of technology in these years, many architects of the country have emerged who are smart and stingy who have built projects. employment of many people, and crores of rupees.
Sujata worked hard and won by 78,047 votes against Trinamool Congress candidate Shyamal Santra without holding public meetings or walking on the streets.
While they were sitting there, Kongthei invited Lanosha to go to the market.
We as the office bearers of the National People's Party 1-Nartiang constituency have come to clarify that these people are not the office bearers of the party as claimed and they are not within the party and we do not recognize them.
It may be recalled that for a while the land vendors especially the khar shana were a little discouraged during the ARPA rule in KHADC, during the tenure of EM Trade Department Bah Latiplang Kharkongor because the department had gone to investigate. from time to time in the marketplace.
Go…” (John 8:10-11).
“Over the years, we have provided modern medical equipment and invited the best doctors.
Regarding the use of coal trucks through the village roads in the area, the residents have expressed their strong opposition, as those who said that the movement of coal trucks through the village roads will destroy the village roads. The village roads will be repaired quickly and the end result is that the people in the area will suffer in coming and going, because once the road is damaged it will take years to repair it.
He said that these five persons were arrested on Tuesday night.
Indeed, Meghalaya without borders has been the source of income for the border residents for more than 40 years.
Besides the training by Dr.Dr.Prabir Thakuria on the harmful effects of drugs, training was also given on the ways and means of treatment so that those who have become addicted to drugs can get rid of drugs. Alcohol abuse which has destroyed many young people who have been misled or addicted to these alcoholic beverages.
He said that those in the government should not be disappointed that this peaceful act just before the elections is not a truly honest act but an act aimed at misleading the people.
Besides, the training and fitness facilities are not adequate and this has affected the sportsmen of the State who represent the State in competitions outside the State.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 06: In order to resolve the traffic jam in Nongstoiñ, officers of the West Khasi Hills Traffic Police Department, on Tuesday 6th October, went to clarify. To the drivers of commercial vehicles from Nongstoin to Shillong, from tomorrow Friday 7th October 2024, all drivers of commercial vehicles including Alto tourist taxis, Tata Sumo, Ertiga, Mahindra and others carrying passengers will be banned. From Shillong to Nongstoiñ, they should park at Madiwat parking lot and should not be allowed to enter the city centre.
This is the first time that the BJP has not nominated a candidate for the MP elections in Meghalaya. in the elections to the Lok Sabha.
“Don't waste your vote, other ethnic groups take even the elderly to vote, but ours on polling days go for picnics, carry rymmiang khwai and others.
The construction of the top has been suspended after the Assam Government together with the Police accompanied by the Circle Officer of the Land and Revenue Department went to suspend the construction of the top. top it off.
The statement was sent by the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
According to the arrangements, the march will start from Madan Heh Mawlai Phudmuri – Barik – Malki Point – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Beat House and end at Laitumkhrah Square at 4:30 pm.
The drive of the news vehicle is known as the Information, Education and Communication Van around the city under the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
Norman Singh Syiem, said: “If the mother-in-law is a Dkhar, she is a Dkhar.
“We will announce the result as soon as we get the confirmation from the government,” he said.
He said that this group will also be a map to guide him in the coming days. “This group will show us what to think for the future.
This is all for reasons.
“We want a law that can protect the minority,” said Daniel, adding that the government needs to implement the ILP without delay while there is still time.
Shillong, July 28 : East Khasi Hill Police have arrested two suspects in connection with the shooting death of two students from Kerala, Rejaz Sydeek and Sarath Thambi at Jaiaw on the 24th of this month. July, police have already arrested four people involved and are searching for others.
Ms R. Passah advised the groups of women to use the fruits and vegetables produced in the village as they are rich in vitamins and nutrients.
A good wife is blessed of the LORD (Proverbs 18:22). A good wife is the crown of her husband, but a foolish wife is like a crown. it rots in his bones (Proverbs 12:4)In a good mother (wife) love should rule, the mother's love causes the father (husband) to take responsibility for building the household and to surrender oneself body and soul.
Tamonash Ghosh, TMC MLA of Falta, West Bengal; He passed away this morning, after undergoing treatment for Covid 19, since June
They had asked Phawa for 3 lakh 50 thousand tyngka and had brought a Land Holding Certificate which was built exactly like the LHC which helped the JHADC. Phawa, Rangbah Shnong of Mutong and President of Phawa-Siangshai Sengkur, together with this reporter, met with these three persons at Yingkein Myntdu at the place where they were sent to visit. Inspect first the place where you intend to build.
Shillong, July 3: The Partners of Pla Iew Club (PP Club) in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills will release a new album titled 'Meghalaya Green Echos'
B.Wartde in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, members of the Presbyterian Church Sakwang, Pastors, Tymmen Basan and the people who came to witness this day.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association urges everyone to join hands with the world through the Digital Olympic Movement in celebrating the Olympic Day through social media. .
The employees of GVK EMRI 108 have been on strike for six days now and many of them have been taken to hospital due to weakness but neither the government nor the company has done anything.
“That doesn't happen, because I sit here as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) and as the CEM I have to take into account the feelings of the chiefs from the Syiems, Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs. “I am not a member of the party,” said PN Syiem when asked whether the Congress will not punish him if as a member of the Congress party he did not approve the Bill introduced by the Congress government. .
The difference this time is only in the opposition or only in the opposition, that is, with the participation of the VPP. five years, as per the recent MDA
Shillong, July 27: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, on Tuesday said that many of the people in this age who have not seen or witnessed the freedom struggle, may be just a nightmare.
Are You able and willing? Why are there so many evils? Is He not able and willing? Why should He be called God?" To answer these questions it is difficult for theologians and philosophers to give a complete and accurate answer, but gradually over time, they Their research and investigations have been able to provide answers to these questions.
“We want to provide another 500 vehicles in the next five years,” he said. He added that the government has provided electricity to increase solar energy in the country. There are 166 markets across the state.
The Mahapanchayat was held to discuss the rights of the residents, the impact of the implementation of many taxes and the introduction of many rules in the villages in and around Delhi. .
In the letter to Modi, the MPF has expressed its support for the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma in the state.
How else can people find joy in the midst of fear and suffering? The State is plagued by corruption and injustice.
These buildings and fences will protect 1,00,000 residents.
As part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav or the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India, the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai The North East Festival 2022 Marathon-Cross Country Run was held on Saturday.
“This is an understanding especially for some of the private sector, the rich, the MLAs, the Ministers that they should not empower the party lest if we empower the house where you live it will turn into a fire. ".
Speaking to the employees of the factory, they said that this is an old factory and needs to be renovated. “Therefore, according to the order, the authorities have ordered to demolish this because they found that these plants are no longer operational,” they said.
Bah Ranson was accompanied by his wife, relatives, leaders and others.
Who will be blamed, who will blame and who will understand the problems faced by the people living on the border, because if you look at the border villages in Ri Bhoi, that is, from the Block-II areas, Khanapara to Umtyrnga and Balakhwa areas, it was found that if it were not for the road construction of Assam, the villages in these areas would not have had adequate roads and how much more in terms of roads. traffic roads.
Within a short time, officers of the Regional Office of NHIDCL called for talks with the leaders of FoRMLD and promised to repair the Shillong-Dawki road within 20 days.
Nongpoh: Residents of different ethnic groups living in the border villages of Pillangkata, Maikhuli, Iongkhuli, Barapathar, Umtyrnga and other villages, today held a Peace Rally. or a public meeting at Maikhuli village, to demand that the Meghalaya government should immediately resolve the border issue in the area.
Metbah and Mairang will increase by 68% from Rs 87 crore in 2018 to Rs 146 crore in
God says – “For I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me, declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not done" Isaiah 46:9-1
They were killed and tortured beyond words because God had abandoned them for a while because of their own disobedience.
On the other hand, Enlang Sawian said that the union has received information that the Jio office intends to dismiss a woman who works as a housekeeper on the grounds that the Jio office does not work. You cannot pay your salary due to the lockdown.
The reporter also learned that there is a heavy trade in pashor kait, only in the last two or three days, where those Dkhars who know Khasi better said that they buy at a lower price while they leave. to sell to others at a high price, it is estimated that their income from one pashor kait reaches T.200 or T.300 thousand.
She said that every year they hold a Carol to proclaim the incarnation of Jesus Christ and especially to those who do not believe to proclaim that God is Great.
The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the LORD: for it is the land of the LORD.
Kerala Story is a true film directed by Adah Sharma and tells the story of the conversion of Hindu and Christian youths into the Islamic State. .
If my children or brothers apply for jobs, they get an interview, I don't know how, why don't those people appeal to the government to pass a law that their children, brothers and sisters? Relatives of MLAs or MDCs are no longer allowed to apply for government jobs, that will be clear,” said Bah Sanbor.
Shillong, November 7: The Wah Lukha has once again turned blue this year, and it has become stronger this year than in other years since it started in
After the JUD, the payment of electricity bill has been suspended, reaching T.9.59 crore till November
Khliehriat, June 20: As part of the celebration of Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, the Ayush Bharat Health Mela was held at Saipung in Saipung. receive health services, such as medicines, injections and also receive explanations on health promotion issues.
On 26th November, the Law Department through its Special Secretary LM Sangma had written an affidavit regarding the working methods of the PAC. its own limits to apply in relation to the payment of compensation to the owners of the land.
Neil Herbert Nongkynrih, 52, of Mumbai, has passed away on the 5th of this month at the Mumbai Hospital.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Nongstoin Circle Vice President Mixstarwell Samakha said that among the 29 people who came to collect the Adhaar forms, they included school teachers and employees. government and civil society.
Shillong, July 24: More than 200 members of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Shillong Zone on Saturday held a march to mark the 119th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhash Chandro Bose.
He said that earlier, the government had also given pension to the teachers of Upper Primary, Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools.
He started his career as coach of Shillong Lajong in 2006 and later took over as technical director of the club.
The Pastors and Elders have come to meet with the youth regarding his actions, as his actions have affected not only the Christians but also the the feelings of the people of Niamtre.
On the other hand, the Congress, UDP and BJP leaders who came to meet today also decided to work hard and support Macdalyne S Mawlong as the candidate and to win her from Nongpoh Constituency.
In the midst of the dark clouds and the grief of the relatives of those who lost their lives in the terrible car accident in Sumer, the authorities of the Bongaigoan Dioceses including Fathers and Sisters in the presence of their relatives and friends, came to take the remains from the Civil Hospital Nongpoh on Monday.
“I am pleased to announce to the people of Mawhati Constituency that the Umsning-Jagi Road has been completed for more than 40 years without any maintenance or construction. new.
Therefore, we request to postpone the examination date of CUET or NEHU for the safety of the students,” said Balgra.
The road is the key to development but the failure of the PWD department to maintain and ensure the safety of traffic has prompted the people to take responsibility for the maintenance of the road from Mooshrot to Laskein on Monday. .
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Inter National Level of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup has now reached the semi-finals of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup. Hills, one of the districts of Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills have reached the final of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament
The death of Paul Makri shook the nation and the protests continued for a year.
“The present government has tried to stop illegal mining but at the same time it is facing difficulties,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India on Tuesday held a program to commemorate and teach about Rev. Thomas Jones-I. month at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw on the theme 'Thomas Jones-I Missionary and Visionary of Change'
He said that this is a serious crime which could affect the peace and stability of India.
Because of the lack of involvement of many people in the election of a candidate, the responsibility or hard work to work hard to win this candidate is also more stinging. thew now.
Speaking to media, Babu Birbor Riangtem said that this visit to the ears of the State Government is because the contract teachers who have been dismissed from their jobs are now in despair and They have been struggling to support their families because they have been unemployed for more than 12 years.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 65589 out of which 58450 have recovered and 1096 have died.
“We are ready to pay rent if land owners come forward to claim.
Tbn.KS.Bareh, Adviser, Jowai Christian Endeavor Society, gave a prayer.
The Government recently informed the Meghalaya High Court of the decision to convene the HPC to discuss the issue on the 15th or 16th of November.
“I am confident that Meghalaya will be able to provide water through water supply to every household in the state before the end of the deadline,” said Shekhawat.
(Eph.6:1-2) Love means respect, obedience, devotion, self-confidence and faith.
Hundreds of vendors came to the KHADC at 1:30 pm and waited for the CEM to arrive for more than two hours.
The race will start from the gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium and will pass through Ladthadlaboh Main Road, Dulong College Road, Dulong (Main Road), Iongpiah, Panaliar, Old Civil Hospital, Le Kyrnah and will end at Kiang Nangbah Monument. (Golden Synth).
When asked whether there are any other places where such illegal sales have happened, he said that the KHADC will investigate and if there are any, it will not hesitate.
Speaking to media, one of the applicants for the post of Staff Nurse expressed her deep sorrow to arrive at the office of the DMHO without informing the applicants. Personal interview, without even publishing on the website when the youths tried to get information, and their visit on that day was unfounded because out of the 6 posts of Staff Nurse only 5 candidates appeared. “It is enough to appoint these youths who have not yet been named,” she said.
The death of Jesus on Thursday 32 AD. It is that God has saved you in Christ, has forgiven your sins, has abolished the law and its commandments ( He took it away and nailed it to the cross. He took it away and nailed it to the cross. Having disarmed the powers and authorities, he made a public spectacle of them, and triumphed over them by the cross.
In his speech, he encouraged and explained the rights, dignity and welfare for those people with disabilities and also explained about the value of such people in the community.
Furthermore, regarding the visit to the park and tourist attractions of the village, no one is allowed to visit and everyone is urged to cooperate with the village authorities.
The State Government has appealed to the Supreme Court after twice losing a petition filed by a group of college teachers including Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang and others. Justice Hima Kohli and Justice Ahsanuddin Amanulla of the Supreme Court on the 11th of this month, heard the case. The case against him and other teachers who have been complained against.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), Shibun said the BJP in its manifesto has said that it will introduce the CAB but it will first consult with the people to discuss because the CAB is not only for Meghalaya. but the whole country.
Shangpliang will join the NPP on 13th July
Lahkmen said the results of SSLC and HSSLC (Arts Stream) will be announced on the 5th of July and the Government has directed all the schools in the state to He said that there will be no crowding in the classrooms and at the same time there will be no loss of classes of the children. Schools should not send immediate payment of class fees because it is difficult for parents of children to pay class fees immediately at such times when many families have affected by this disease.
If I am not mistaken, on 13.4.2020 the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has called upon all the Christian churches and other religions in Meghalaya to join hands in prayer for the prevention of corona virus. The virus will spread from our state like the earthquake.
If we look at the article in The Shillong Times published on 9th June 2021, “Now, graft charge on MeECL union leader” we can see the corruption of Bah Pradip. Kumar Chullet.
Leaders of WJDBA in the presence of members of Laskein Block Badminton Association including JM Pohsngap, President and other members on the 30th distributed WJDBA uniforms to all the players and congratulated the players. they play well and bring victory.
After the decision of 60 MLAs to accept the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya, the people expressed their happiness by saying that it is a decision to remember in Meghalaya. The history of Meghalaya is that after decades of struggle, the State Government has decided to implement the ILP in the State.
Phagu Chauhan, who is the Governor of Bihar, will take over as the Governor of Meghalaya.
The HSPDP has already announced the list of candidates earlier.
“As a muktiar who has served for 30 years (and continues) it has been my right to protect, promote, maintain and explain the nature of customary laws, the authorities village and the ethnicity of my people – the Khasi-Jaintia and also the Garo, who are the largest indigenous peoples in the State.
Surprisingly, as soon as the Samla Synod meeting ended, the contractors stopped leaving and until another Samla Synod meeting ended, they have not been able to complete.
Shillong, Nailar, 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday said that there is a shortage of jobs in the departments of the State Government and the State Government has set a target to create opportunities for the youth by setting up to the work of the law.
“It's your name,” Shillong, Shillong.
The farm is located in Wah Daeng Rod on the land of the owner of the Saw Kur near Umsong in Pynter village.
Shillong, Lber 9: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (which includes the Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi and the Council of Nokmas) has expressed its condolences to the Government of Meghalaya. Ma Batskhem Lyngdoh, Dolloi of Rymbai District, passed away on the 7th of this month.
Nongpoh: The National People's Party Youth Front (NPYF) Ri Bhoi District on Saturday held a meeting with the party leaders and those who were also able to hold a review meeting. on the work of the Party.
He said that when he helps a person anywhere or any family, it is his attempt to share what God has blessed his family.
Nawazuddin said he went to his village to be with his 71-year-old mother, who is in mourning over the death of her sister.
In Telangana, which has 119 constituencies, in 2018, the BRS was in power with 88 seats.
The Chairman of NGT said that according to the estimates there are 24,000 coal mines in Lum Jaintia and according to the estimates received from the state government there are 1000 cases of illegal coal mining and transportation. coal.
“I just want to recall what happened to my brother on January 13, 2021 – it was an unexpected incident as a family where I can say that they are betraying those who have been paid salaries by The Government of Conrad Sangma under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police (SP), East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, came to kill my brother at midnight (13th July, ), in the darkness of the night,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
In the women's singles, Baladamonshisha Wanniang of Mawlangwir won the title and Daïaiphirabanker Wanniang of Mawlangwir came second.
“We don't come to correct you but we come with the truth to ask for your precious vote because it is only this party that can rule itself and not like other foreign parties,” said Pariat. .
In Science stream, the percentage was 76.76 percent while in Commerce, it was 71.87 percent.
"But instead of standing on the road, just raise your voice without hesitation," said Halbert.
It is to be recalled that KHNAM has not been able to nominate a candidate in these years due to the presidential race between Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Bah Pyndap Saibon.
“We have leaders from all sides, so I am not saying that everything is going well in the UDP but we have a group working in the party to serve the people.
The government's efforts to increase the number of markets will also increase the government's revenue generation and the people need to support the government for the benefit of the people.
Punjab and Gujarat are also seeing an increase in the number of cases.
About 60,000 people have lost their homes.
In South West Khasi Hills District, 8 cases have been confirmed out of 6 cases while 2 cases have recovered and no deaths have been reported.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) today said that the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) cannot forgive the electricity bill of the people, but there will be no refund. shall be fined if the public fails to pay the electricity bill.
Phagu Chauhan was sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya on 18th June at a swearing-in ceremony held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
He said that he had spoken to the KSU leaders in Manipur on the situation in the state but he expressed his satisfaction that the Khasi are living in peace.
Shillong, July 11: Members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) led by Assistant General Secretary Bah Reginald Thabah on Tuesday visited the headquarters of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP). of Printing and Stationery without any notice and immediately dismissed the Director SR Marak after the 10 day notice of the union to the State Government has expired.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Minister said that in order to curb child marriage in the state, the department will strengthen its campaigns to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of child marriage. wait.
To the football players, go look around and pay them, Wow! Markhongpong said that he did not die.
Moreover I have antibodies against the corona since April 2020 after suffering from pneumonia.
The Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen) District has awarded this award to Moolamylliang Village after winning the Village Cleanliness Competition held in 2020 under the Swachh Bharat Mission Grameen.
Shillong, Lber 9: According to information received from the residents of War Jaintia Hills, they have expressed their concern over the illegal trafficking of some people from this area and the trafficking has been almost every night.
A letter has also been sent to the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Regional Officer, NHAI Guwahati.
First, a welcome speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkharai, Bah A.Ryngkhlem who welcomed the training which will benefit the community.
It is time to change its name to the KDU (Khasi Dropouts Union).
“I have not yet received any figures regarding the implementation of the Jaal Jeevan Mission (JJM) in Meghalaya but I hope that the officers and contractors involved in the implementation of this scheme will do their duty properly for the benefit of the people. for the benefit of the people and the state as a whole,” he said.
The Raising Day was held at the temporary residence of the Seng leaders who are currently in the midst of peace talks with the government, at the IB of MeECL at Umïam, RiBhoi District.
However, their concealment of the fact that the Act will not come into force shows that these people in power have something behind them, said Dr Mukul.
The Convenor of the All India Education Forum of Meghalaya, Bah Bisharlang Pyngrope, will lead the training in this special programme.
The woman said, “Why do you laugh at me, and you want me to give you a stick?” The man said, “Give me a stick, and I will give you a stick; and chicken ryngkuh".
Any complaint or objection can be submitted to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency from 27th March 2023 or by post.
In this even does not refuse.
Conrad sought the assistance of these members of the NHRC and stressed the need to train the police or border security forces to be disciplined in the use of weapons.
One of these stories is about the Syiem, the Pale Lyngdoh, the Myrjoh Kur, and the Raid Nongbri in Ri Bhoi district.
In the first match, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer 2-1
Nongpoh: The family members of Bah Manason Doloi, have sent a special thank you to all those who helped to rescue him until he reached his home in Warmawsaw, Ri Bhoi. West.
The Union demands that the ILP Act should be implemented properly, not to allow these foreigners to enter the state at will and at the same time to renew the ILP of those who come from time to time. those who work and others.
Tongkhar said that at a meeting held in Nongstoiñ, it was decided to inspect these places but it has not yet been appointed but it will be arranged next month. I will go to visit the Langpih area.
“We will convene a meeting with government departments from the Factory Department, Forest Department, Pollution Department, Electricity Department to check the documents before submitting them to the House,” he said. said Sunn.
We bless and wish him the best of luck, that he will be able to continue his hard work and ambition to complete the remaining tasks.
During the investigation, Ngai Rami revealed the names of two drug traffickers from Manipur.
Shillong: The Home Police Department has transferred Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG IPS (RR2010) who is also the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills District. CID, Shillong in place of Shri Dara Awashghos, IPS has been transferred from the date announced.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit, today together with the residents of Shella Village and surrounding villages, held a public meeting with the Dongmusa in Shella Village to express their strong opposition. regarding the electricity shortage in the past few days until now as well.
“I am trying to talk to the Home Minister of Assam about this incident,” he said.
They are rich in antioxidants like green tea and help to cleanse the internal organs of the body.
“We are sorry for this, because we too belong to the same ethnic group,” said Bah Dame himself while talking to several journalists, when asked what they have to say because they have not been treated. It is to be recalled that at the time of the first incident in KHADC, the vendors who came to support the EC in the past few days were welcomed inside the KHADC. KHADC MDCs from ARPA to UDP have demanded that Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit should step down from the post of CEM. Ardent said that the reason for allowing them to enter is because he does not want the people to cause trouble on the road because he is physically ill if they go to the road. bombs were tied by the police or law enforcement agencies, so he invited and welcomed them inside to avoid these incidents.
They are now the highest paid singers and equal to Bollywood singers.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said he has already discussed with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on the State Reservation Policy and Roster System.
On this occasion, the Seng has honored 39 children and students from Mynriang, Nonghali and Diengpasoh.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Minister of State for Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the District Selection Committee (DSC) has made a big mistake in announcing the names of the candidates. should be employed, where they advertised a hundred times more passing graduates than vacancies.
Three deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, 01 from East Jaintia Hills and 01 from Ri Bhoi.
If the Government immediately bans the sale of land and strictly prohibits it, this will really help in the restoration of that part of the lost glory of this city which is known as the Scotland of the East.
Who is left, does anyone refuse? Everyone is running to buy mobile phones especially the cheapest ones because they have all the parts.
At present, many students are taking the entrance examination like JEE, NEET but many are facing difficulties, because they are taking according to the syllabus of CBSE. While Meghalaya has not followed this.
“I will take an important role in bringing before the Government of India to oppose this Bill,” said the Chairman of the NCST. The arrival of other ethnic groups from abroad will cause a lot of trouble to the villagers besides those who have already faced the problem of displacement.
Exodus 32:9-10.
This is according to a statement from the office of the Waheh Shnong and General Secretary of the Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij.
The program was organized by the MCIC and the Dorbar Shnong on
In the opening matches, Nongumlong Sports Club beat Pyrda Football Club 2-0, Nongpiur Sports Club beat Doccan Football Club 2-0 and Umlyngka Sports Club beat RIH Lumpdeng 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that due to the inability of the district councils to complete this task, the state government has taken over the task without any hesitation.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the Minister of Electricity and Engineering, Abu Tahir Mondon to fill the vacant post of Assistant Engineer.
In these days, we have seen that theft is rampant across the state.
He also expressed his concern about the lymmuh of the kur in these days where women from one ethnic group who marry Khasi do not follow the Tang Jait but turn themselves into Khasi. children of their hands by being illegitimate by taking lineage from the father's side.
Kohli has been a follower who has worked for the party and has been accompanied by thousands of party leaders and followers for many years, said BJP Delhi President Virendra. She spoke.
Jowai: Four days after the water was pumped from a coal mine in Kympleng area of ​​Sutnga (Jaintia Cement), police have recovered the body of a Nepali. Your name is Shanku Dutto.
He said that the village authorities and government authorities should immediately ban the use of such drugs, as it can gradually affect the health of the people.
The arrival of a world tycoon who had a plan to buy the WHO is one of the plans to destroy India.
Before installing any apps and apks you should read their privacy policy and after reading it if you find that they are secure you can install them and if you find that they are not secure you are still worried do not install.
Other causes of water pollution are the activities of physical organisms, such as trees, vegetables, or animals.
“This is not a matter to be delayed as it is, therefore don't play games with the lives and deaths of the people,” said Pulljohn Wanniang.
Other members of the Legislative Assembly who raised questions included Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Gambegre MLA Saleng. Sangma, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Ampati MLA Miani D Shira.
Yash Raj Film feels that it is time to stop working with Ranveer and try to focus on other films starring other Bollywood stars.
Speaking at the meeting, MDC Arbor Hima Darnei, MDC Saipung Constituency, said that the Ayushman Bharat Health Mela of the Block under the jurisdiction of the Health and Family Welfare Department of the Block The Government of India has the goal of providing health services to the people of the country and it is a source of benefit to the people.
They asked for clarification on how the Benami Transaction Detection and Prohibition Bill is now.
According to a statement of condolence sent by Bah SS Niangti, President KSU-Khliehriat Circle, Pa Dolloi was a man who encouraged all the youth who carried and left the burden of the nation. “His integrity as a leader of East Jaintia Hills, who used to have responsibility for the area and the elaka, will be proclaimed forever.
After the meeting, there was also a public meeting under the leadership of Dr.D Shylla.
The Uttar Pradesh Anti Terror Squad (UTP) has arrested three Bangladeshis in Agra on Saturday.
The RBMSC has also prepared a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka along with trophies in various competitions from Expert, Novice, 2 Stroke, Scooty and there will also be a special competition for Female. Class) and the Fear Class.
Ten people from Shillong have registered for the training program at this meeting today.
Samla Franklin said that West Khasi Hills needs a Government College considering the growth of students and the poverty of the area. has not seen the poverty and shortcomings of the district and has not taken into account the need for education in the rural areas.
They don't need to install a new GI pipe to replace the DI pipe, said a government official on Tuesday.
There are five recoveries, four in East Khasi Hills, two BSF personnel, two others and one in Ribhoi.
This is one of the efforts of the MFA and the State Government (which has sponsored the MSL tournament) to strengthen the facilities for football in all districts and also to pave the way for development. to reach the goal of success.
In its order issued after hearing the PIL on the cleanliness of the Umiam River, the court said, “Because the KHADC has clarified that the two buildings near the Umiam River have been destroyed. Ever Banalari Restaurant cum Guest House is owned by Philosopher Iawphniaw and B.Khongwar. these are the things.
You that jit decided without roots.
“We strongly urge the government authorities to arrest immediately and punish severely these killers and demand from the Fast Track Court not to grant them bail but to imprison them for a longer period of time. Samla Satly Ryngkhlem, President KSU Khliehriat Circle said in an interview with the DC. It strongly condemns such incidents and expresses its concern over the continuation of crime and the lack of law and order in the District.
Also present on the occasion were Ian Campbell of Australia, MSOA President John F Kharshiing and others.
On the other hand, the DC of the area has announced a donation of T.2 lakh for the team to look after and care for the flowers planted on that day.
The Congress will send a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to express its strong opposition to the excessive price hike of petrol and diesel.
Five Chinese experts arrived in Pakistan today to assess the situation in the spread of the coronavirus.
All ration shops are urged to distribute the ration as soon as the goods arrive and also to display the names of the beneficiaries and the working hours inside their shops.
The price of Topcem dewbilat in Assam is T.390 to T.420 per litre, while in Meghalaya it is T.440 to T.450 per litre.
“Candidates themselves are trying to mislead the people every election and the voters are also being misled,” said an NPP leader at a party meeting held recently in Mawlai constituency. Every election has affected the dignity of the voters.
On the part of the Presbyterian Church, it was noted that there were no members on the committee.
We still remember well those times when our brothers and sisters used to plant trees in those hills and safe places and struggled to escape the fire that could spread to these places. place to plant trees, especially in the morning, lest the fire burn up the whole hill and valley.
“I am proud to be the leader of the Mairang Hima Nongkhlaw Hima which has raised the strength of the country and the nation,” said the MLA of Mairang. The death anniversary of Tirot Singh Syiem.
However, with a good foundation on this current uncertain situation, this issue will be a matter that we will have to think about once again before we say that it is impossible.
But you are the worst mistake.
They elected these new office bearers after the death of former President (L) Bah AN Diengdoh.
Those who belong to the traditional religion struggle to preserve and strengthen their religion and customs, while those who accept the French religion fight to destroy this religion and the rights and customs of their own people.
Fortunately, our great country India is far away and has many of the poorest, most backward and most advanced people, most religions and there are also poor forest dwellers whose land is richest in markhyndew. .
Jemino Mawthoh, son of late Arun Kumar Das, 54, resident of Nongrim Hills, has been nominated by Prestone Tynsong, who has a voter registration in Pynursla. constituency and filed his nomination papers to contest from the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The new cases include EGH: 26, EJH: 04, EKH: 122, NGH: 32, RBD: 64, SGH: 20, SWGH: 19, SWKH: 91, WGH: 74, WJH: and WKH: 20.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah GG Bung Snaitang and the Working President of the UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah C. Nongbri said that the Ranikor Constituency is a smart constituency. In the past 50 years, they have elected intelligent leaders to participate from other ethnic groups because Ranikor Constituency is a constituency with a mix of ethnic groups including Hajong, Garo, Begali, Khasi and others, but they themselves did not find any nationalism but lived in peace and harmony with the spirit of unity in all respects.
At present, the AJMDMWU has paid 90 percent of the money while the state government has paid only 10 percent of 100 tyngka per month. Myntri Rangbah to help as much as possible to increase this share.
To say that the Jingaijaitkpa is a blood, and an enemy of the nation, this has really affected us, because we have walked such a path since our ancestors, there has never been that blood, for we know that on the father's side there are brothers, sisters, brothers, sisters-in-law, brothers-in-law, brothers-in-law, brothers-in-law, sister-in-laws, mothers-in-law, sisters-in-law and brothers-in-law. Their children, and horkit hordang, are not allowed to marry because they still have a blood relationship and snap permission, so we have followed and obeyed them until now.
He said the decision to join the NPP was because the work of the NPP-led government was very thorough in all aspects.
It is only the farmers themselves who do not hesitate to talk about their problems in terms of food security for the community.
Red Mark FC kicked off the Mawlai Cup 2024 on Tuesday at the Madan Heh Stadium in Mawlai Phudmuri in the presence of the club's office bearers including President Bah A.Biam. .
Leilong spah (Thlen) is powerful and his words are powerful and strong, "I will earn with Longspah and I will eat with Longbriew"
Besides these crops, until the childhood of the author, there was also the cultivation of Sohniamtra which this village produces which is one of the crops exported to East Pakistan ( Bangladesh now) Through the rice market in Shella which I remember that we went to Sohniamtra from Tyngnger to the rice market in Shella.
“I have been involved in the Administration since 2019 and the work I have done has been many since conducting seminars, various activities completed inside and outside the college, my participation in the workshops, seminars (National & Inter National), and through all these activities, I have learned that the GB will appoint me as the head of the college after completing the interview,” he said. and Dr. K.K.
The overturning of the vehicle carrying the Kha Bsein, has caused the people to be shocked.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Advocate of the Supreme Court, on Tuesday said that if the Land Acquisition Act 2014 is implemented in the state, it will destroy the right to land. and be the leader of the people of this state from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities.
He said that as the prime minister and president, it is not good to say anything at this time as they will discuss at the MDA, which will hold a meeting after the Independence Day celebrations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government has decided to remind Defense Minister Amit Shah during his recent visit to Shillong on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It expresses the spirit in Meghalaya like on the market day when people go to the market not only to buy and sell.
In the final match of the day, Sutnga Mission beat Umlyngsha Youth SSC 1-0
The union requests the Council and the District authorities to take action on this issue, so as to avoid various diseases if these garbage continues to stay in the area for a long time.
“We are proud of the people of Mawhati who have elected Julius Dorphang who came back from the forest to be the leader of the people. I don't know why, but I'm sure he'll talk about the ILP issue but he's not sure if he's going to talk about the ILP issue but he's not going to talk about it. "said the MDC of Jaiaw.
Carlos Rymbai, MBOSE- 62.66%, Chain Tuber Govt.
This road has been completely flooded and this has caused problems and inconvenience to the people through this road.
Bishop Victor, who was ordained Bishop along with Bishop (Late) Vinceent Kympat, has served the Diocese of Nongstoin for the past 11 years (2011-2016). working in the Diocese of Jowai), the statement said.
In addition, the Court also directed that if there is any special program or employment opportunity available or job available for women or if there is any education program for women that can be included in the refugee, the State should provide all necessary assistance to this refugee so that she can live a life like others.
It gives light to the life of every human being on earth.
We also need about 72 wells for the bridge.
Public participation is an inevitable date.
The decision came after he recovered from a hamstring injury sustained at the Asian Championships in November.
He said that the state government, especially himself as the minister, will continue to monitor to achieve this goal.
He also hoped that the Central Recruitment Board of the State Police Department will issue another advertisement for the posts of Constable (exempt) so that the youth of the State will not lose their rights. it is not from any nation.
Shillong, July 10: After the CBI has revealed the name of Government Minister Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh as one of those involved in the authorization to build houses in violation of the rules laid down by MUDA, many groups who demanded that she should resign or be dismissed because she had no right to continue in office after being involved in illegal activities.
He said that the Khasi language is one of the 38 languages ​​on the list for recognition.
In a statement, the president of KSU Laitkor, Bah Nangsan Kharkamni, said that the KSU Laitkor urges the people to support this dancer from Laitkor by casting the ballot. vote through your Voting Card to win this competition.
Speaking at a public awareness session on drugs held by the Dorbar Shnong Lummawba at Shonroy Basan Secondary School, Lummawbah, the Minister said, “We need the cooperation of all. Because neither the government nor the police alone can stop this.
We demand that this person apologize to the RAM members immediately.
“The Director of CBI was removed and his room was locked and the documents were taken away at 2 pm.
The song is composed by Stephan Lyngdoh, graphic editor is Absolom Das and sung by Kismol Nongrang.
Dubai has created its own slap in recent days due to the excessive heat in the country and thus, the United Arab Emirates, has launched drones in the sky. , in which these drones collide with the clouds and these drones electrocute the clouds and thus the clouds turn into water and rain.
The two-day Meghalaya State Shooting Championship was organized by SAM. Before the start of the Pistol Shooting Championship, an oath was taken by the participants. competition.
Shillong: There have been 161 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. There are 1,983 cases in the state.
“Look, those who have little income cannot afford to drop out of school part-time.
While they were waiting for the tea and food, Banrilang saw a young man looking at her.
the ATS has been violated in many areas by the previous and even the current government.
The KSU leader said that the Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang who are against the company have now lost confidence in Bah James and have accused him of changing his position but they have praised Bah Donkupar Sumer. who still stands true to his principle today.
Ms Ampareen also had the opportunity to talk and meet with the people on the streets, in shops and in their homes.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the Samla Shnong and the entire Jakhi Village for setting a good example. schools to take an example that we should put the goal first as they are running now to work hard to win the goal, we don't know maybe among these students will become officers, teachers and also leaders. as MLAs and MDCs from this village.
The final will be between Umshangiar and Rising Star at 11:15 am.
The state government with the assistance of the Indian Air Force has delivered relief items including food items to the worst affected villages in South Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Inter District Tournament for Girls Under 19, organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA), today started in Nongstoin.
Besides many exhibitions, there will also be exhibitions of Japanese culture from music, dress, Japanese food and others.
The fishing industry in their ponds should not be treated as an empty industry as mentioned above.
He said that the Financial Report was presented by the Treasurer and all the people accepted the report along with some suggestions.
The Enforcement Police also found that a shop run by a foreigner named Abu Malik, who had robbed the shop, had taken over the shop. He has been arrested for 40 years by a Khasi woman whose name he does not know but he admits that the owner of the shop is Kongrit Lyngdoh from Bishnupur.
He said that as a candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, he puts forward the welfare of the poor and workers as well as the school children and to establish a college to provide services to the students who come from the homes of the poor. you don't have to get a book.
The time of prayer shall not exceed one hour.
He went to the woman to tell her that it was her shop, at that time the Superintendent of Enforcement Department of KHADC and journalists were also present, but the woman was surprised and said that it was not her shop. an.
All districts except Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam have been warned to be vigilant against continued rainfall for today and Tuesday.
Therefore, through social media is another platform to promote peace and to express the existence of any nation that still holds its own culture and religious practices.
In fact, when we talk about the nation, we should speak exactly about the nation, we should not go around and talk nonsense for others and when we pray we should pray only for the sake of the nation. The Khasi people should not pray with any prayer of any other people because it destroys our people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Senior Drugs Inspector, Shillong, BC Kharsyntiew said that the MSPMRU was established and registered on the 1st of this month. July, 2023 with the aim of assisting sellers and buyers and their main task is to monitor the price of medicines, ensure their availability and provide reasonable price and to educate or enlighten the customers.
The village has now banned foreigners from registering to vote because it is usually easy for them to get and that is why the village has banned and if they want to vote they have to They have to bring a letter from the magistrate of the place of residence and if they want to stay in this village they have to bring a letter from the panchayat to prove that they have come.
Shillong, June 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM) East Khasi Hills District has condemned the rape of children and youths or women. Samla Bryan Myrthong The party condemns such incidents from time to time which defame the country and the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Robertjune said that as a nation that can elect only one MP, we need unity to advocate for the issues of the nation.
So far, 14 KSU members have been released on bail and 17 are still in jail.
This motive should be suspected.
Therefore, the union sends a clear statement to any contractors who intend to bring in foreign workers, that they should first provide the necessary documents.
This damage has severely affected their income and they said that they don't have any difference but only to sell a little bit to support their families.
Today's world demands that we be vigilant.
Shillong: Police have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the IED bomb blast in Them Metor, which happened on the night of 9th October. Police of Ribhoi and Eastern West Khasi Hills District on Monday in Mairang area.
On the road connecting Mawlai Motsyiar to Mawlai Umjaiur, he said that due to the heavy rainfall, the contractors will start the work as about 70 percent of the road has been completed. what remains now is to cleanse the colour.
When they saw the sea, the Lyngngam went up to the east.
Seneca's statement is that if a person thinks only of himself and seeks selfish gain, he will not find happiness.
At the same time, the JSM has also found that there are 2 mystery workers in the houses of people who do not have proper documents in Ksehrynshang.
He said that until yesterday, he has not received any information how they managed but the disaster relief authorities are still fighting to find them.
Before the final between Meghalaya and Karnataka, Punjab and Services will fight for the third place.
Speaking to media after inspecting the company, the President of HNYM, Ri Bhoi, Bah Petrius Khymdeit, said that the company is involved in the construction of pipeline lines. Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited Meghalaya (IDC) has been appointed to supply gas to the North Eastern States of India which passes through Ri Bhoi District. Without receiving authority, the union has started the work of digging pipelines to supply gas which the union strongly opposes.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We have not yet reached the point of details, but we have already discussed this.
He said that the SSA teachers have often come to meet him including the Additional Chief Secretary and have already explained that the Meghalaya government has already provided all the requirements set by the central government for the to release the money in the first place.
Last date for Bid Submission– 25/04/2022 at 14.00 hrs.
Therefore, it is understood that the government will await the recommendation of the Commission and the Committee.
These people broke into the Bijou cinema to watch the film, but were arrested by the security guards, who were watching and waiting for the film, because these people came to watch the film under the influence of alcohol. and without buying a ticket.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The MLA election-2013 has been the most successful election in the country. , you don't have to worry about it.
Similarly, setting up any business whether small or large requires a lot of understanding – the strengths or weaknesses, understanding the market, understanding where the shop is, understanding what the products to understand these things that are going on from time to time, to understand how to keep accurate accounts, to understand how to hide from yourself, to understand the ways and means to improve. la year, to understand especially how to escape from the lockdown.
“On the part of the party, we will hold a CEC meeting tomorrow morning with all the leaders to discuss the main issues to be brought before the Union Home Minister Amit Shah who will come on the 24th. This month to Shillong,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
This is the first time this year that the security forces in Jammu & Kashmir have lost their top officials.
He said that the village authorities have strongly requested the department to take action to replace the transformer in the village, so that it will not cause any problems to the people, said a statement from Samla D Maring. Shillong, July 17: In the Khasi custom, most of the children look after their parents when they are old, but it is surprising that some of the parents fathers who have to leave their homes to live in a mercy home.
Pangñiang said that since the time of (L) Hopingstone Lyndoh as CEM and MLA, Langpih has been the venue of the beginning of the struggle to resolve the border issue. Three Memoranda have been submitted to various governments, but the boundary has not yet been resolved.
U Bah Mayralborn Syiem, who has been re-elected as MLA of Nongpoh for the second term, has expressed his special thanks to the people of Nongpoh constituency for their support. u and that he has reached the goal of victory in this election to the Legislative Assembly.
To establish the Phan Nonglait Battalion, the first women police force in the state.
It would be very nice if he (Mukul) comes to join the party,” he said.
Less than a year ago, Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh strongly criticized NPP leader Conrad Sangma for saying that he is still a child of Shillong.
He said that the HNLC's written statement that the peace talks will be without any conditions and will be within the boundaries of the Constitution is one of the things that shows that the HNLC wants “It is true that we have come to the negotiating table to live together with the community and this has been something that will be remembered in the history of the state.
To name the equipment or the machinery, or the staff that we don’t have here, it’s very difficult; However, the only thing is that many of our people are peaceful, hardworking and do not respect the owner and this allows the big contractors to invite foreign contractors.
In a recent inspection of Sakhri village, Mawphor found that the houses of the residents have been illuminated at night and as it is also a hot place, many of the houses have been illuminated. They can use the lights, charge mobile phones and many other activities at night, and the village has been bright at night due to the street lights.
Smriti Zubin Irani has inaugurated the Muga Silk Seed Production Center in Tura, Meghalaya, the Silk Printing and Processing Unit in Agartala, Tripura, the Spun Silk Mill in Sangaipat, Imphal and the development of sericulture in Mamit, Mizoram.
Richmond Marbaniang, a 15-year-old student at Rama Krishna Mission School, Sohra, has showcased his talent in the Talent Identification Programme.
It is for this reason that we have always confirmed that Adelbert Nongrum has misled the ECI with untrue letters and writings.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 12: The Assembly of God Secondary School, Siejlieh today honored the students who passed and appeared in the SSLC examination for the year
Anjela Nongrum is currently in talks with the family to buy or sell to plant in her field.
Replying to a question on the Congress party's inability to do anything, Jakhar said the party would be defeated in Punjab and soon the Indian coalition would be severely affected.
Bindo asked how the four MDCs still want to join the PDF, including the House Committee member, who is also the PP leader of the party in KHADC, Teiñwel Dkhar. He also signed the report of the House Committee.
The meeting was conducted by BJP President Ernest Mawrie and was addressed by BJP National General Secretary Ram Madhav. laws, clear and in accordance with environmental protection, for the mining of coal in the State, for the income generation of the people of the State, as the State relies on income from that mar poh ground.
“This decision will have to be taken in consultation with the Urban Department and once the land is provided, the land will be handed over to the Police Department. They will be able to build a residential area in this area and within a year, they will move to this area”.
When asked why they want to cooperate with the NPP, he said, “The BJP authorities have ordered us to cooperate, so we too will have to cooperate”.
Ryntih SC won the title after beating Laban SC in the final which was held at Mawkynjoin Stadium in Laitkseh.
Shillong: Mr Rishotki S Dkhar, son of Suolris Dkhar and Ma Knerlang Siangshai of Musniang Presbyterian Church, today launched a religious book written by him. It is entitled “Give to You”, which is taken from the Gospel of Matthew 14:17 which says “You give to them to eat”.
Shillong: The Nongmynsong Police Outpost has been temporarily closed since yesterday.
The tournament was organized by the Tura Motor Sports Club (TMSC) and was attended by 27 drivers from Tura, Nagaland and Khasi Hills. Hill Climb in Aguragre for a distance of 6 kilometers.
Banshngain Rynthathiang scored 35 runs off 33 balls for the third wicket.
New Delhi: At a special time in the history of the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched the nationwide vaccination programme, the largest vaccination program in the world to date.
Shillong College HE beat Nongbsap SS 4-3
Mahindra's comments came after he saw a video of Srinivasa Gowda running the 100 metres in 9.55 seconds.
It may be recalled that the Karbi people first came to cut down these trees in the month of November and this is the second time in the area known as Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor which falls under the jurisdiction of Lapangap village.
India is one of the countries with the largest amount of groundwater.
PM Syiem urged the relevant authorities from the Prime Minister to take action to ensure that Dawki becomes a place of entry for mynder. The Border Wing Home Guard, so that the authorities cannot enter and put up signs, especially on the banks of the river, so that Bangladeshis cannot do so.
Ronney W Kharbudon of Langsning missed a freekick but Pariyar managed to save the ball with his hand.
Not by selfishness or selfishness but by love, kindness, wisdom and human ability.
As a nation tipbriew tipblei to escape slavery in our own country let us continue to support and encourage our own, if it is enough for others let us thank God and let us cut down the trees, para Khasi don't look he said.
As the saying goes, prevention is better than cure, now is the time to stand against evil and it will not make sense if the disease has entered the society to continue to cause them. various types of protests to demand the government to stop it.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Thursday met with Bah Ardent at the place where he held the strike but when the media tried to talk to him, Bah Ardent AL Hek declined to answer whether he supports the VPP's demand. “We have been friends since we were members of FKJGP, and until now this relationship continues. I wish him all the best in this fight,” said Bah Hek.
Out of the 51 letters, only 4 letters were against the proposal of the dewbilat company in Narpuh Elaka.
The meeting was enriched by special songs on the value of vote and the need for EPIC Card by Samla Bankerlang Kharkongngor.
Such incidents bring shame to our beloved State and fear among all the citizens of Meghalaya, regardless of their ethnicity.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central East Circle has called a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Raid and the Drivers Association to discuss the issue of NH4 PM In a statement, the General Secretary of KSU South Central East Circle said that the meeting was called due to the negligence of the authorities responsible for the deterioration of the road from Pynursla to Dawki on NH-4 village, leaders of vehicle owners and drivers unions to think together and discuss on the deterioration of this road so that strong decisions can be taken against the authorities who have blinded and blinded the this is the problem of the people.
The Special Bench may also invite the Advocate General or the Public Advocate to assist the Court.
The Commission has summoned the DGP of Meghalaya on 14th June, at the Commission's office, to submit his witnesses, including himself or his personnel, who have the facts regarding the and the incident on that day at Mukroh.
He said that all the Deputy Commissioners and Sub-Divisional Officers have been directed to set up District and Sub-Division Vigilance Monitoring Committees to curb the smuggling and illegal marketing of goods. important.
“On our part, we will follow up on this until we get it,” said Kong Suzan Syiem.
Within six months we will be able to take a decision on the proposal to close down the dewbilat factory completely,” he said.
All the Akhia have spoken immediately on the issue of patriotism from before the invasion of the French until the end of the British rule and after the end of the British rule, until now with an immediate investigation. the political situation in the state.
During the meeting, they requested the Minister to take action on the matter and she promised that she will take action but she has not yet said anything as she has not received the report. Post Death.
“I want to follow in the footsteps of Bah HS Lyngdoh, Bah Tuberlin L Nonglait who led in the right path for the people,” she said.
They should and should be treated only as MDCs appointed by the government (just political appointees only) to continue to receive salaries, allowances etc to get the money of the people. without being elected by the people.
They blocked the road of the Bolero with an AS01DC/1965 truck and robbed the two occupants of the Bolero but were arrested after the crowd left Mawiong.
The final between the two teams started at 1:45 pm and ended with Mawtawar SC beating Nongrah SC 2 – 1 goals to qualify for the 2013 FIFA World Cup. the final.
Rev. Andrew R. Marak spoke on their return home, Rev. Janang R. Sangma spoke on unity and peace while Rev. GBR Marak and Rev. Fr. Sangma prayed for God's blessing.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP Pynursla Circle, Bah A.Khongmalai, said that the party has decided to nominate its candidate for the 2023 election.
Nitesh Rane no longer works well with the Congress, but has spent more time with the Maharashtra Swabhiman Paksh (MSP), the party founded by his father.
At present, the ground, which is owned by the MFA, is very old and even the players have found it difficult to play because it is too difficult and the management has had to and thou shalt cover it with the parts that are broken.
The program was conducted by Bah L.Lanong, Director of CIT and also featured speeches by Cordiality Shadap, one of the trainees and Lambormi Suchen, SDO, MSSDS. The residents of Ri Bhoi District, Nar-ang, near the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District, have been affected by the storm. The residents of Nar-ang and Pahammawlein villages have to breathe in the pum pum from the government revenue gate.
Before God sent Moses, he said, “I know that the king of Egypt will not let them go except by a mighty hand! And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do: and when ye shall come forth out of Egypt, ye shall receive jewels of gold, and raiment of silver, and raiment" Exodus 3:19-2
There are 537 recoveries from the disease.
It is learned that at that time the brothers and sisters tried to understand, but Bah Bonsien and others did not listen and dragged the child to the house of Shella MLA, Dr. Donkupar. Roy, which is located in Sohlab, is an uninhabited house, but there is only one Chowkidar and there he was bombed and tied until he was injured.
People from all over the state and Congress party leaders came to pay their last respects to Bah Kyndiah who was one of the leaders of the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: There are 44,000 people with disabilities in Meghalaya, but the government has counted 33,000 people with disabilities, said Kamlesh Kumar Pandey.
The BSF troops are on high alert against robbery and illegal trade along the border.
The SLC, which met on Thursday, has sent the KHADC to review its project submission for the construction of accommodation and restaurants for tourists as it does not comply with the requirements. by the Niti Aayog, the Central Government.
“I would like to thank the Central Government especially the Minister of Education for their support to Meghalaya.
The Kur Myrthong donated money, moments and certificates to these 10 persons.
However, the police have tried to force these drivers not to park their vehicles in the middle of the road, but to park conditions, so that other vehicles can pass. nor will there be congestion and blocks.
“There is nothing that makes me contest the election but I have been led by the Lord since I was a child to become a leader of the people after I came into politics and I won 20 years as an MLA and MDC. ", he said.
The goal at the forefront of this action step is to make children whole by providing the necessary supports throughout their childhood: from pregnancy to the age of five of age.
FKJGP Senior Vice President Elton C Warjri said in a statement that the FKJGP demands immediate protection for the village leaders and residents of Umsaw Lumdorbar to avoid incidents like the one in Mukroh. lad newspaper.
“There were many arguments between them,” she said.
In another incident, BSF personnel have arrested a man identified as Pra Dip K Polin (35) of Munai village, PO/PS- Police have seized 6 Detontors, 6 Dorica Gillatine type Explosives 25 mm size & 125 gm, 11 Safety Fuses. Yamaha motorcycle with registration No-ML05J-6
The Joint Action Committee of Wapung C&RD Block, which includes the Wapungskur and Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnongs, has expressed its surprise and demanded an explanation from the government on the government's decision to relocate the temporary office. The JAC said that the office has been relocated without any notice or consultation with the Joint Action Committee of Wapung C&RD Block, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the The Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong, who have been involved from the beginning and until the introduction of the Wapung C & Block from Khliehriat to the Wapung area.
At present, trucks have to pass through this bridge and it will put in trouble, if this bridge is lost, at present they have deployed police to ensure that vehicles do not pass through the same bridge. time, but that they should travel one car.
He said the government is concerned about the schools which have a shortage of students and no students have passed the matric examination even after many years.
It is understood that the girl fell in love with a Nigerian boy, where they met through Facebook and in the chat which lasted for several months, it was reported that Franck Essoh bought a ticket. She was taken from Gauhati to Delhi and left for Delhi without telling her family.
• Success in implementing the monitoring of the storage and distribution of vaccines according to the rules through the e-Vin (Electronic Vaccine Intelligence Network).
Shillong, Nailur 1: After Bah Pynshngain N Syiem expressed his surprise and surprise yesterday, the group of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, according to a letter sent by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Ardent's group wants to discuss the issue at the Dorbar Bah to be held on the 5th of July at Polo Ground.
Shillong, Lber 05 : The final of the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) will be held on Monday (6-03-3
Through this letter, Pastor Pyrtuh, demands that the registration of Aadhar should be stopped, but should be allowed through existing documents, whether it is EPIC, Ration Card or other documents. court verification.
The 15th Finance Commission has allocated T.80 crore for the year 2021-2022 to strengthen the police department. which is T.711 crore for the 2021-2
The Zojila Tunnel to connect Jammu & Kashmir with Ladakh will be one of the longest tunnels in Asia at 14.15 km.
The WHO has estimated that the total number of cases has risen to 8,708,008 and 183,020 in the past 24 hours, while the death toll has risen to 461,715 and the death toll in the past 24 hours. 4,743 and two-thirds of the deaths were from the United States.
(HA LEN MAWTAP-A) Another brave and well-known Rangbah from Len Mawtap-A, Bah Bankynsai Thabah, has sought detailed information through RTI for the NREGS and PMKKKY schemes in his village. , Mawtap-A Lane, which is one of the villages in Sohiong.
India will prepare for the Asian Cup against Qatar in Bhubaneswar on the 26th of this month.
KAS Shillong, Jowai and Khliehriat, Principal Dr. DG Lyngdoh, teachers and students of the college in the presence of the chief guest. .
Private farmers have spent too much money to build houses in Mawpat.
Khliehriat: The Anti Narcotics Task Force of Khliehriat Police Station and Ladrymbai Out Post have seized 90.38 grams of heroin from Khliehriat on Thursday.
Due to the changes in connectivity and technology, he said that geo-tagging of polling stations should be done and that the district authorities should review the route charts.
Dr Donkupar said that other hill parties and non-Congress parties will give their full support to the UDP and appealed to the people of the state to give their full support to the candidate. they didn't join the party.
It has expanded its branches to more than 300 locations in 120 countries of the world, in all states of India and in all panchayats and blocks of Odisha.
Many senior journalists attended the ceremony and congratulated Bah George for reaching this position.
Leaders and office bearers of the Committee of the Umdihar Presbyterian Church including the Elders, Women's Church and CE Society have expressed their deep sorrow over the continued theft and destruction of the church in Umdihar, Ri. Flood District.
According to the Prime Minister, after the announcement of the rules of the Housing Act, the Village Authorities will also be involved to ensure that the Act will be enforced.
The driver of the truck sustained injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“Gavin, you always do your homework,” said Babu Penglang while he was doing his homework.
A powerful Israeli bomb reportedly hit the hospital in Gaza, killing at least 200 people, the report said.
The tree seedlings distributed to the farmers are Bahera, Arjuna, Laphiang, Dalchini, Tyrpad Leaf, Sohmylleng and Neem.
The Sordar of Laitkroh, Bah Pailastar Kharkongo, has given the authority to the owners of the area to quarry the stone. of Laitkroh District (Raid) but did not own the stone quarry by Bah Wilfred Mawniuh.
The hearing of the case against these MLAs/MDCs has been postponed for two months.
According to the Chief Minister, the government has decided to allocate T.300 as the head teacher's salary for primary school teachers and T.500 for the vice principal and assistant teacher in higher and secondary schools.
Because I have never received anything until now, it is my duty to resign from this political party,” said Bah Kynta. and the feelings of the BJP leaders."“I am a person who doesn't talk back, I speak directly when I need to talk about any important issue.
He said that those who pay annually pay T.4000 per annum while those who pay monthly pay T.1500 per month, those who pay T.800 per month and those who pay T.1200 per month.
Out of these 21 vehicles, 5 vehicles belong to the Prime Minister.
He said that even now the minorities are fighting against the illegal entry of foreigners into the country to take over all the trade and even the land.
When from one world to another it takes only 1 minute to know all these events, it is even more surprising that scholars have been able to create such a robot. he is wiser than I am.
The meeting was held at the Maroid Dorbar Hall in the presence of BJP Mairang Mandal President Councilor Wahlang, BJP Mairang Mandal Secretary B.Shangpliang. Many people from the area also attended the meeting to join and support the party.
He said that the shops selling food items, which have been recognized by the government, will open on the same days, at the same time.
The names of the informants will be kept confidential.
Note: When I say this, I urge everyone to instill a broad mindset so that if many people think short-sightedly, they will say that other races have benefited but those who have inherited are the Khasi themselves and not others.
This PHC has provided services to many women who come to give birth as well as others who come for treatment.
They shall be destroyed in the shalyntem of time.
The king is like the mother, while the 'pawns' are like the children.
Party leaders, MDCs and those who wish to apply for tickets from the new party were present at the launch of the shap in Shillong today.
Teimi Passah scored the first goal for Moodymmai in the 29th minute.
She said that it is important to eat healthy foods and foods rich in protein, carbohydrates, calcium and others for young children, pregnant women and children.
"# P.W.10.
What is more shocking is that if the Sengbhalang groups come out to expel, it is our Khasi who protect these foreigners.
All public services such as the Way of the Cross on Thursday, small services, Lord's Day Masses and seminars and house services have been suspended until 31st October
Himanta Biswa Sarma met with four leaders of two Kuki armed groups at a meeting held in Guwahati on the night of Sunday is not over.
“The reason for the demand is because the BDO is not intelligent and does not know the area well,” said the HNYF leaders.
He also urged the people to maintain the water supply and water wells especially to maintain the scheme provided by the government for the benefit of the people in the village. go to farther places as in the past.
The 40 to 40 reservation for Garo and Khasi Jaintia has turned into a stumbling block for the youth in these days.
According to the Act, the salary of the Chairman of KHADC has been increased from T.38,570 per month to T.1,03,300 per month and the household allowance has been increased from T.4500 per month to T. 19000 per month.
When the road is completed, it will take only 10 hours to travel from Riangdo to Hahim.
Initially, the students performed the March Past and March Drill which was saluted by the Chief Guest in the presence of the teachers.
The President of Khliehriat Bar Association, Bah Kerlang Ksoo, said that Christmas brings the message of love, joy, hope, peace and respect for others. He also urged the parents and guardians to take good care of them and urged them to take care of them if they have any problems especially if there is anyone. Those who violate their rights as stipulated by the RPWDA are welcome to come to their office and are ready to assist them at any time.
This festival is held by the Niamtrei of the Raij Jowai every year in November.
Out of T.212.82 crore, T.139.12 crore has been released to the company operating M/S Nice Infotech.
In U-10 (Boys), Advitiya AG of Army Public School came second, Agnibha Das of All Saint School came second, Armanskhem Khonglam of Army Public School came third and Dibamiat Imerisa Khonglam of Loreto Convent School came second. women.
More than 700 athletes from 11 Frontiers of the Border Security Force have participated in the four-day festival.
In another match, Umshangiar and Pateiñki Sabah shared 10 points after failing to score until the end of the match.
He said the officers should understand that the House is a democratic body and this should not happen again in the future.
There are cases where it can and there are cases where it can’t due to space constraints.
“There will be a time when they will have to sleep without sleep,” said Bah Balse. He urged that when they are in the party, they should not expect the party to do anything for them but they as members of the party must do something for the nation, and for the future generation.
Nongpoh, November 03: As part of the development and encouragement of the youth in their studies, the Youth Wing of Pahamsyiem Village under the leadership of the youth Balabuhskhem Marbaniang, President, Banbud-dien Suting, Vice President, today, 1st November, awarded prizes to 35 students who have passed well. in the SSLC and HSSLC of 2022 at the ground floor of Christian Higher Secondary School Nongpoh.
He said it is their vision to pave the way for the youth of Nongkhlaw Hima and others.
Jahrngai is a festival that doesn't endanger the life of a person.
Hat off to you.
One day before the Sabbath, the disciples of Jesus Christ went to Jerusalem and it was also the day of Shavout. and they passed through the brook Kidron.
The Rupang Committee on Saturday held a program to honor Dukini Kyndiah who passed the UPSC examination at Mawkhar Christian Secondary School. Students, students and teachers from different schools were also allowed to ask any questions for the benefit of the students and were answered by Dukini Kyndiah.
Shillong High Court Judge SR Sen said that the duty of the Rangbah Shnong is to look after the welfare of the village. and that he cannot give approval for the sale of land, birth certificate, death certificate or for the construction of houses and others.
He said that at the meeting, Bah Pynshngaiñ has explained the reasons why he cannot issue the NOC because the issue is still under discussion as there are many groups who are against the discussion. it is still going on.
“He also urged everyone to put forward the issue of employment in the upcoming elections so that there will be no more impact on the future generations in this regard.
“The central theme of this celebration is 'Jesus the Good Shepherd', in which the priests who came out of this garden became the spreaders of the word of God in many villages in the country. state and region”, said Sad Victor.
Shillong, Iaiong 26 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, on Tuesday expressed his strong opposition to the demand of the Harijans to give them up to 10 acres of land, to allocate 200 sq meters of land and to build houses for them. He said that the government should not accept this demand of these communities.
Jowai, Jymmang 25 : Smriti Zubin Irani, Minister of Women and Child Development Minority Affairs, today visited Nangbah village on the last day of the election campaign in the state. Lakhon Biam from 3-Raliang Constituency has expressed his full support to the BJP candidate.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah HM Shangpliang said that the farming industry should not be just a job but urged the people to give their best so that it can become a job. blessing and prosperity also in income.
On the other hand, the UDP has already clarified that it does not demand the resignation of Lahkmen but demands that he should punish those policemen involved. responsibility to serve the state.
The adoption of the Farmers' Bill by the Chief Minister raises the question whether he has consulted with the farmers, whether he has called the leaders at times when it is necessary to discuss the needs of the farmers. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Mukul Sangma.
Khliehriat, July 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, through its Vice President, Samla Phanuel Tongper, has expressed its anger over the unjust behavior of the government and the National Highway Authority of India (KSU) in connection with the damage caused to the city. road in Narpuh area, which has caused problems and inconvenience to the people passing through this road.
In meekness:- To be true followers of Jesus let us follow his example in meekness, humility and humility.
The total amount of rice distributed to these households is 11 quintals.
If these allegations can be investigated one by one, hundreds of billions of rupees can be found.
Another batsman fell to Bora (2/50) and Manish Sharma (2/61) took Haryana to 124/4
In the second half, Iewduh Sports Club scored the first goal in the 82nd minute of the second half. The Football Team scored the second goal in the 86th minute.
People whether small or large, poor or rich and wise or foolish must learn to love and respect themselves first if they want others to respect them.
Shillong: Former Mawsynram MLA and now CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has been arrested on Wednesday morning. He said that the demand for Civil Sub-Division for Mawsynram is at the wrong time.
Shillong: There have been 38 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 18 cases in East Khasi Hills and 20 cases in Ribhoi.
This project was not only designed to revive the surrounding area of ​​Wah Umkhrah but also to bring about a beauty that can be attracted according to the times and eras.
“It is very difficult when any government comes because it has to replace the independent MLAs who support it,” he said.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Syiem said that as a member of the Congress Party, he has always tried to urge the government to look into the matter. The government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has not listened to the demands of the people.
The RBI said that about 89% of the T.2,000 notes were issued before October 2017, and the amount of this amount has decreased from Rs 6.73 lakh crore as on October 31, 2018 to Rs 3.62 lakh crore as on October 31, 2023.
Jesus Christ worked and built heaven here on earth.
On the other hand, the family members of Bah Bodywell did not inform the police because they were afraid that the robbers might take away the life of the father of the house. They were threatened by the robbers and that if they inform the police, they will take the life of the man.
They said that the KHADC has allowed the chiefs to collect taxes with the intention of preserving the customs and traditions.
Players who wish to participate in this tournament can call 9862606794 for more information.
Even the name Kur is no longer considered to be a business to grow the market.
If we love someone or someone else, we will do the best for them.
It shouldn't end there.
The National People's Party (NPP) has begun to express its views and throw bombs at the United Democratic Party (NPP) with the Assembly elections less than three months away. The party (UDP) in Amlarem constituency, whose MLA is Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
If he be wise, his wisdom shall perish; if he be rich, his riches shall perish: if he be mighty, his strength shall perish.
Singh was also produced before the Brampton Magistrates Court on Saturday morning.
In a statement, BJP President Bah Lyngdoh said that the party will have to investigate the situation whether to nominate a candidate or not.
The three arrested include Deepak Thapa, Pradeep Tantiya, employee of the DC's office and Anil Moran, a resident of Makum area.
Sea fish have great medicine.
The three were arrested from Wakka and Khanu villages near the Indo-Myanmar border during an operation on July 17 and 18, the source said.
The Annual School Sports Meet (ASSM) 2023 was inaugurated by Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Staising Khartbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools. (SDSEO) who was the chief guest and took the salute for the March Pass of the students in the presence of the Headmistress, Mancyfull Lyngdoh.
“Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God” (Matthew 5:8).
We are sure that there will be no Community Transmission in the District even if there are cases of infected people because the quarantine facilities have been completed but the invitation to foreigners to come and work at this time by the government is a "Suicide Mission" "And the government has to take responsibility if there is a spread of the disease after this.
The journalists found that the bridge has been very strong and has shaken even when a small vehicle passes by. For a while the journalists have stood on the bridge but what is more frightening is that only when the wind blows. and the bridge was broken down.
The police had to take the initiative to talk and calm down the two men, who were in a heated argument with each other and requested them to come down from the top of the fire station.
He said that the Indian team includes Rangbah Shnong, Asha, Aww, ANM and school teachers to check the villagers and if they find any signs of the disease they will get to inform the District Medical Officer.
The ANVC(B), which still has a ceasefire agreement with the state government and the central government, has alleged that the GNLA has brought in the ULFA and other rebel groups in Garo Hills. its action is only the sale of land and nation.
The meeting was organized by the KSU-South Central Circle as the beginning of the protest against the brutal killing of Bah Ronningstar Nongkynrih by the BSF near Mawshun on the 5th of this month.
Banshai Marbaniang urged the government through the Chief Minister to turn to the private schools regarding the salary of teachers at this time.
There are those who say, I don't get anything, how sad and worried.
It was a challenge to find a replica of Christ or Judas.
“As a practicing lawyer for thirty years, it is my duty to protect and explain the existing laws and customs, the local councils and the system of giving their mothers. The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, who are the three leading ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
“I urge the AITC that this issue is not a matter of political struggle because the border people have suffered for 50 years,” he said.
He said this while holding a rally at Borogobal, Raksamgre to campaign for Limison D. Sangma who is the candidate from Raksamgre constituency.
The children were amazed.
With 349 runs needed to win after 31/2 innings, Sikkim beat Meghalaya.
Those who have withdrawn their nominations include Bah S Bamon from Sutnga of the NPP, Bah I Phawa from Nartiang and Bah L Ymbon from Raliang who are independent candidates.
Kamailang Tyngkan, Waheh Shnong and President Seiñ Raij Nongkynrih, urged the vehicles that come to the tournament to be obedient to the arrangements of the volunteers and to follow the rules of the vehicles in the areas. ready.
On this occasion, Bah Honsen Lyngdoh, one of the prominent figures in the state, was the Chief Guest and also the launcher of the book.
All vehicles arriving from Riatsiatsim area should go to Mynthong or to the District Library.
The other quarter final will be played on Friday between Demthring and Evergreen Mukhla at 3:30 pm.
However, Jaintia Hills does not even have a garbage dump.
The medicines were provided by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills and also by the office of SURE. MACS has once again conducted a Village Level Awareness Camp (VLAC) and screening for HIV/AIDS. ) in charge of Rymbai Village and a welcome speech was delivered by the Secretary of Rymbai Village, Mover Lyngdoh.
If we can bring about this change, it will help to save billions of dollars every year that we throw away after using plastic and perhaps we can do many development works.
Regarding the incident, the Director General of Police (GP) said that the incident occurred due to drunkenness. dep that work investigation.
The HR Department of Meghalaya Cements Limited has issued an order to immediately dismiss the two employees of the company.
Satan is still in the heavenly realm called the second heaven, in the darkness of heaven.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RB Shadap, said that the demand to upgrade the Western Administrative Unit to the Civil Sub Division is one of the demands put forward by the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. The Ri Bhoi Dorbar has been here for many decades and the Ri Bhoi Dorbar is pleased that on this occasion this demand has been fulfilled by the Prime Minister's quickness to listen to the grievances of the people of Ri Bhoi. to the Prime Minister, the MDA Government, the MLA of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Dr. DD Lapang and all those who have taken part in the demand for this Civil Sub Division.
I thought that our prayers would be in vain before God.
The 19-year-old has also accepted a seven-year contract with the club.
In fact, I wanted to request the Government to have a talk and end this matter so that we can move forward.
Answering a question, Bah Lyngdoh said that the social agreement with the party has come to an end.
To the east of it, there are two peaks of Lum Mynjneh overlooking the city of Shillong, which is now called the Shillong View's Point.
The statement said that as the first 45 days of the academic session have passed, the VC has expressed his satisfaction with the acceptance of this change by the merged colleges and not a single college has On the other hand, Prof. Shukla expressed his gratitude to the college authorities for the good steps they have taken to ensure the smooth running of the FYUP. At the same time, he thanked the Principals of the colleges for the role they have taken – who are a key factor when it comes to moving forward with this matter, in part leading to the decision Furthermore, Prof. Shukla announced that the sections related to the inspections, along with the Ordinances and rules to govern the activities, will soon be sent to the colleges. not affiliated with the university.
We are proud that as soon as we hear that people are still proud that they have moved away.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today strongly criticized the MDA government for its failure to implement many of the demands of the party including the ILP, the introduction of the Khasi language. in the 8th Schedule and other matters affecting the State.
They are the ones who provide knowledge and teach right from wrong, to discipline and help children to reach the goal of success.
The purpose of this program is to encourage the people especially the VDPs to give their support, assistance and to give their right hand to the police so that they can solve the problems and violence in their villages. .
Arki Sumer Secretary of Namdong Village – A.Shillong: The residents buy 80 vehicles per day, this was found through the registration of the names of the residents at the office. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) Lambor Malngiang.
Italy came second with 64 percent, France and Germany with 63 percent, Britain with 62 percent, Spain with 53 percent, Japan with 47 percent and Canada with 33 percent. and 19 per cent in the US.Nongpoh: The driver of a 407 truck, has escaped death after the vehicle he was driving, overturned at Jingkieng Heh in Damsite. Nongniah, said that the vehicle, had driven into the middle of the night, which had hit Damsite.
The CBI report said that out of the 350 teachers, 255 were appointed by politicians.
In the second leg, R.Synrang Shahkhain SC beat Rymbai Pohskur 6-2 while Byndihati SC beat Khliehriat West FC 1-0 Iaishah Bareh scored 5', 71', Franki Dkhar 42', Emon Nongtdu 43', Ferdinand Nongtdu 85' and Shanki Dkhar 90'+1
Ram Gurung and Kishan Lyngdoh, captain of the team, took the field and scored 133 runs for the third wicket.
Besides these two senior party leaders, the resignation of Dr. B. Marweiñ as President of the Women's Wing in Mawkyrwat Block as well as the resignation of Bah Valdo Lyngdoh as President of the Women's Wing in Mawkyrwat Block was also witnessed. District Youth President.
The government has also sent troops from the Indian Army and Assam Rifles in collaboration with the state police to patrol the area to prevent the spread of the disease. any disturbances that may reoccur.
If the MC is strong, it means that the teachers will also try to improve themselves and will not just teach to finish.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and Assistant Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: UDP MP candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh has accepted the decision of the people after being defeated by Congress candidate Vincent H Pala. The Lok Sabha MP elections were announced yesterday.
However, the CEM refused to support or say whether Bah Bindo's statement is true or false.
“We are very grateful as the people of the state to the President's gratitude to the leaders of the state who have contributed a lot,” said Bah Bindo.
The day was also celebrated at the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division office at the Amlarem Sub-Division Sports Association Mini Stadium. The ceremony was held at the Hula Stadium in Moosyiem, Shangpung where Santa Mary Shylla MLA of Sutnga Saipung was the chief guest.
In the 26th minute, Mawlyngngad opened the scoring through Nathaniel Kharbangar.
However, in the same year on the 12th June 1897, the Great Earthquake occurred in Assam, Ri Khasi and there was a terrible destruction.
They also include 70 local residents, 40 tourist guides and others.
“Of course, the implementation will be by the miners who will use the necessary equipment according to the mining plan but my point here is that the moment the lease is issued, this “It is an important step because after that, as I said, we have reached the last milestone and now we are on the road to see the resumption of mining in the State”.
The meeting of the HITO, which was called by the red flag at the Soso Tham Auditorium, will be held at 3 pm, as approved by the district authorities.
A woman has been stabbed near the EJH Police Station and it is not known whether the robbers have been arrested.
Meghalaya has been able to count how many people have been stolen from Assam, as it has been stolen from time to time.
He said that the EC also intends to expand these so that the elderly can take part in the elections because they have become more aware and have taken part in the elections. bun bah that election.
The Executive Committee also approved the Land Rules to implement the Land Act of the Council so that those who own land can register with the KHADC at a lower price and will be given a land title. Land Title Rights Certificate as proof and certification from the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas.
The Labor Department has received 2,33,193 applications from the labor department. These are the laborers who are not registered anywhere. thum to provide special assistance of T.2100/- tyngka for these three months.
They also demanded that doctors should be appointed as members of the Health Managing Committee and three members of the student body should be appointed as members of the Academic Council.
As the SSA Stadium will host two matches of the I-League 2023-24 in the coming days, the SPL 2023 will be suspended for a while until it resumes from 8th June. The match will be between Ryntih SC and Rangdajied United FC at 3 pm.
In the same way, we see that parents provide their children with good foods such as vegetables and meat every day.
Young people who love and respect their own culture in whatever form, who know their duty and carry the responsibility when society demands from them.
On the affected villages, Marcus Lapasam said that the villages that will be affected if the BSF camp is successful include Umtyrnga, Umlathu, Umsen, Nagrabil, Pilangata A, Pilangku B, Chibra, Jolsyiem, Jyrmang, Timbogre, Nongspung B, Pyngker A, Pyngker B, Pyngker B, Pyngker C, Pahamjula, Lalmati, Nongspung C, Barapathar, Iongkhuli and others.
Shillong: Sohra today received heavy rainfall of 572.0mm from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Mukul said that the road is very important especially in the Mawphanlur area which is one of the tourist attractions. He also expressed his satisfaction that Mawphanlur has now received this scheme to build and clean the road from Markasa to Mawphanlur Hill which has been destroyed for a long time. .
It depends on the collection and after the counting and distribution here and there the money will be released to the District Councils.
Step 2: Click on Add Bonus/Gift Code.
We have become more effective from field experiences, acquisitions and feedback and have not stopped working for this program to improve it further and have further strengthened the resolve of we as the days went by, as if we were building a ship while we were on the water.
The project includes the 22 km Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line and the 108 km Byrnihat-Shillong railway line.
If it works fully, we will get a lot of benefits in terms of employment, whatever schemes we are entitled to, but compared to now there is no such thing.
Regarding this, the village leaders have lodged a complaint at Mawlasnai Outpost, where even the Outpost has sent a stop but these government officials from Assam have not stopped, but continue to cross the border. The project was to erect signboards and to destroy the land of the people of the village.
The BJP Mahila Morcha has honored many women from our state who have shown in many great deeds that they have done to bring fame and glory to the state.
On the same day, Dr. DD Lapang, inaugurated the football ground in Mawryngkang village, which was built thanks to the hard work of MLA Nongpoh.
In addition to relying on strong medicines, there are some treatments that can boost the body's immune system for faster recovery and strength.
Ernest Mawrie said that if cows are imported from Assam to our state, the price of cow meat should be only 200 tyngka per kilo.
However, during the rainy season, it is very difficult for the trucks to pass.
Despite the hard work of the State Governments, in 2017, only 24 candidates from the North East passed the examination, which is also the highest number in the region, although it was very low.
Both the matches are from Group A. The MLA elections in the State are now approaching and this is the time for all the candidates to try their best to attract supporters from one constituency. party to another and this will continue until election day.
The budget has also allocated for the payment of pension to the former MDCs and the payment will start from the month of November and some percent of their arrears. through the expectation that the state government will release the funds that the Council is yet to receive through the share of natural resources.
Speaking to reporters, Hadrian was accompanied by two Congress ministers, Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA from Mawkyrwat. Hadrian was also welcomed by PDF leaders including Process T Sawkmie, Pynshngain N Syiem, Sanbor Shullai and HDR Lyngdoh. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Hadrian did not answer clearly on what grounds and why he left the UDP. When asked whether it was because of the lack of leadership, he was surprised but his answer was that he left of his own free will. “I left of my own free will,” he said.
They were arrested from Rongkhugre, a village about 19 km from Tura.
This decision was taken at a meeting between the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Chairman of the High Level Committee, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar and officers. of the concerned departments.
He said that on average, about 80,000 people benefit from this treatment and medicine per year.
The capsule medicine corruption case of the previous government which included the purchase of capsules worth T.7 crore under the NRHM to treat lyngki men, has remained in the memory of the people.
The angry voters vowed to hold on to the EVM machine and will not allow the officials to leave the polling station until they have cast their votes.
“This arrest is part of the efforts to curb any attempts to steal from tourists,” SP Vivek Syiem told reporters on Tuesday.
The resignation of Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been successful after five days of resignation to force the government to review the reservation policy.
He also thanked SAM and NRAI for providing all the necessities besides the beautiful environment.
When she heard this, her father began to speak and said, “I understand, my son, now it is not safe for us because the enemies are attacking us wherever we go.
Shillong, Nailar 12: In a statement today, the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has said that its curfew has been in force since 6 pm on 13th Nailar. He said that if the HNLC does not think about that, it should have called a curfew from the 13th morning.
Police are investigating the incident and those involved in the incident.
In the second leg, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 3-1
Both of these are ones you can include in live vegetable dishes, snacks, fruity drinks and in pancakes.
On the other hand, Baghel said he was pleased to hear that in the state, the lower courts include 32 female judges, compared to 22 male judges.
The HYC and JSM have warned and banned the contracts that bring in foreign workers without providing the necessary documents to implement any construction projects.
The inspection was attended by Engineers of the PWD Department, Chief Officers of the Arts and Culture Department and members of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee (MCIC) of the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
It is worth mentioning that the UCC will be a law that will apply to Christians, Hindus, Muslims and traditional religions if it is introduced and will apply in relation to marriage and divorce, inheritance and to have children and as of now these areas have their own Personal Laws for Hindus, Muslims, Christians and others.
He said that this bill will bring many losses and will not bring those benefits as expected by the leaders.
The total number of cases has risen to 696 and the death toll to 1,6
Under the Margherita LAC, the roads from Margherita to Changlang Gate and Margherita to Namtok Ghat and a bridge across the Buridihing River from Jagun Katha Cema-Brahmajan village will be constructed and improved.
Shillong: After 13 years of absence from the political party, Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Congress leader and Minister of Home Affairs, has been appointed as the Minister of Home Affairs. He decided to return to politics and rejoin the Congress party.
The AIFF has also announced that the team will start its training camp in Bhubaneswar from 12th July.
Not only that, but there was also a surprise yesterday when all the MDCs arrived at the District Council to take part in the CEM election. Bah LG Nongsiej has resigned and the CEM election cannot be held without the Speaker of the Dorbar.
“We need T.15 crore for maintenance and the remaining T.5 crore will be used for the construction of more necessary roads,” said the CEM. “It will cancel the tender or EOI for the mining of uranium at Mawthabah-Wahkaji,” he said.
The distance from Smit to Syntung is about 62 km and to Nonghulew is about 67 km.
Those who intend to spread fear will never escape the hands of the law".
Nongpoh: In order to bring closer the working methods between the Police and the Village Defense Party (VDP) and especially in terms of exchanging information for the prevention of crime, today The Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, on Saturday held a Village Defense Party Rally 2019 at the Dorbar Hall of Saiden Village.
The letter said that just because Meghalaya is a Christian state, the government and police do not take action on such cases and do not have adequate authority to look after government offices, schools and colleges and even public places.
That night she slept soundly even though she was in her room.
After the opening ceremony, training was held in three sessions namely Personality Development, Report Writing and Impacts of Social Media by Prof. Pastor Lamjingshai O. Garod.
In the rugged hills of East Khasi Hills District, Mawlynnong Village, which used to be known as the cleanest place, has also won the title of the most beautiful tourist destination in the country.
The purpose of increasing the tax rate is to increase the revenue of the state over time.
“However, I have not yet promised to join the party and especially now that I don't have any intention to contest any election, the question is whether to join the UDP or any other party. you don't come out.
In another incident, on the 9th of this month, at 4.15 pm, police recovered 75.28 kilos of heroin from Khlieh Iewduh.
HANM has also demanded that before doing so, these temporary employees should be dismissed from their posts so that they too can write the test with a clean and fair interview. The youth of the district who are unemployed are too many, and if those who don't have jobs get them, how can those who don't have the means do it? “It's not just those who are close to the MLA,” said the statement.
Until 2018, Meghalaya ranked behind the country in opening up education to the youth, as reflected in the Lower Gross Enrollment Ratio in higher education, where Meghalaya ranked percent while in the country it is more than 30 percent.
The former Mawhati MLA has been charged under the POCSO Act and sentenced to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T.15 lakh by the Special Court of Ri-Bhoi District. Rejecting the petition, the Principal Bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, in the order, said that Bah Julius had committed rape of a child in 52 years old and “With a sentence of up to 25 years, the trial court has confirmed that before the time of his release from jail, the desire for lust will no longer exist in this person. age.
We need to encourage and help them and many of the players come from poor families,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Now there are the Khasi and Jaintia Autonomous District Councils which have improved their customs and traditions from the rule of the Rangbah or Sardar Shnong to the Hima of the Doloi and Syiems and others. There was a slight change in the rule of the French and the Dkhars.
We are not talking here, that we oppose or support any political party, but, what matters is that we have our own names, we have our own political parties and we have the right to choose Our own issues, which we should go to the people of the country and these issues which we feel should be discussed, but to put ourselves in sinful names, perhaps it doesn't make much sense and they should. They are also time-consuming, but perhaps those of the people of India, they don't feel the need to fight too much.
Nowadays, the offices in charge of education are not respected anymore, but the offices of the Election Dept.
Bah I.Diengdoh, Assistant System Engineer (ASE) in his speech, explained the need to educate the students on the importance and importance of voting as well as to encourage those who have reached the age of the age at which they register for a Voters ID so that they can cast their vote.
The union demands from the state government through the Minister in charge of Arts & Culture, that besides the demand to have its own fully equipped building and also to turn it into a fully equipped District Library in Nongstoiñ, the West Khasi Hills District has been inaugurated.
If we don't want to give the name 'Bharat' to West Khasi Hills, it's not just a rejection, but how can we call it 'Bym Bha-Bha Rat' or 'Bharat Government'? .
They also urged the public not to take the law into their own hands but to inform the police immediately so that they can take the necessary action.
Instead of exempting students from the CUET, the government should conduct training so that they can sit for the examination.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : The Nongthymmai Cricket Coaching Center (NSCLC) will open its cricket training camp at Nongthymmai Stadium.
The medical college will be run in collaboration with the state government and KPC Medical College Kolkata.
Ma Lahkmen said this while addressing the confirmation meeting of the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing 7-Amlarem Constituency on Tuesday at Amlarem Square.
He said that a smile, a smile on your face will make people happy who see you, but he urged that as a person you should not have a weak spirit but should be strong. in the mind.
It is worth mentioning that these two youths from the area, including Tyngshain Makri and Baiateilang Lapang, had gone to rob the clinker mine near the Dwarksuid Bridge near the Umiam River. They also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, to stop the mining of clinker in the area, explaining the reasons why it has affected the people and the water bodies. who lived in the Umiam River.
However, those who do not want to, many of them just set up or do community service activities around the area such as schools and other public service activities.
“We are confident that through your support, we are pleased to say that this factory will no longer be able to grow and at the same time destroy the factory. earn money to earn from you.
However, he has replaced another goalkeeper, Lionel Daryl Rymmei, Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, Damonlang Pathaw, Dawanchwa Challam, Nikelson Bina, Kitboklang Pale and Nelson Rymbai.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the CHC should dismiss the doctors and staff of the CHC and recruit more doctors and nurses. for the benefit of the people of the area as a whole.
Karnataka has been in the news these days with the ban on religious services and then with the destruction of churches and now with the ban on students' uniforms. it is about the hijab, which is known to Muslims.
The union said that according to the inspection of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in November, 2018, it found that the mining of coal in Meghalaya especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills started in the years 1970 when it was also known that Jaintia Hills is the largest producer of coal.
Khliehriat, March 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle, on the 28th of this month, held an awards ceremony for 45 students who passed well. Khasi is located in Silchar, Assam.
Pala said the Congress has done better than any other party when it comes to empowering women.
The NKU said that according to information received by RTI, all the vendors accepted by the government in Ri-Bhoi district are Khasi except for the Benami.
The inspection was conducted by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in the presence of MLA Bah TW Chyne, Rangbah Shnong of Khliehshnong, Village Authorities and residents. old.
Ailad Bhoi won the MDC seat from Mukhla Wahiajer and was the only one; The Chairman of JHADC, Lakhon Biam, announced that Ailad has won the seat.
The entire hotel was reportedly flooded.
It will also strengthen the unity and cooperation between the various parts of India.
Speaking on the election of KHNAM MDC candidates from Jaiaw and Mawkhar constituencies, Adelbert said that there are three candidates from Jaiaw, Thomas Passah, Strong Kharjana and Reginald Thabah. The name of Reginald Thabah has been removed and the name of Reginald Warjri has been removed and it has been announced around the constituency that Thomas Passah will get the ticket. They have resigned because they understand that the election of candidates is no longer transparent and wanted by the people.
Dr War said that the meeting also discussed the problems faced by the health workers during their stay in the hospital and returning home. He said that some of the villages are not allowed to enter the villages or are sent to quarantine, even the patients who have no contact with those who are sick with covid are sent to quarantine.
In a decision, the state government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to ensure that if necessary, they can allow the opening of gyms and yoga.
While this area of ​​ours is destroyed and our people are destroyed.
In the pictures, it can be seen that most of those who burnt down her house were women.
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday urged the people of the state not to reject the allegations made by the party. The NPP and the BJP are the same.
However, only Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh have expressed their views on the speech in Hindi by the Governor, Phagun Chauhan in the Legislative Assembly on the opening day. of the session of the State Legislative Assembly.
The reporter spoke to the management of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong and they confirmed that they pay 12 percent GST for the coffins. have been taken, since the implementation of this tax.
Bah Metbah also urged the youth who were confirmed on this day to be humble and close to the people as leaders to ensure that the work will go smoothly. He also extended his best wishes from the President to the members of the party to continue their work in the district as a whole.
The mother, father and elder sister of the family are still in shock and disbelief that the family has lost their lives. Walinda, whom they loved so much, is no longer on this earth and is just a dream.
Why do these laws and rules exist? Because all these activities, if done without following the laws, affect the environment because it destroys and destroys the environment and this affects the life and death of the child. man, the longdien man.
He said that the High Court's order that the government should pass a law on the post of Rangbah Shnong is unacceptable as it falls under the subject of the District Council which was established by the 6th. Schedule.
Therefore, we expect the Government of Meghalaya to:-The Inner Line Permit, in short, is a pass which non-residents must obtain before entering the Inner Line or any other country. District has not implemented it.
He also said why our country is lagging behind in these 75 years compared to other countries, even if in our country, there are many educated and intelligent people.
On 17.04.2024, Noida Police seized 26.7 kg of MDMA worth Rs 150 crore from a drug factory in Greater Noida and arrested two foreigners.
North Liberty scored the first goal of the match through Samaka Nongrum (3).
“Now let us take away the old skin, and let us renew ourselves with the new, it is a new era of life to fight against corruption which we will look at the minority and now let us baptize and name ourselves. “It's like Chel'longma Kotok,” said Marak, who concluded that all the violence from today will end forever.
Earlier, Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs, had decided not to contest the 2018 elections. Let WHD Together.
Furthermore, the Party will not take responsibility for any wrongdoing from social media groups created in the name of the Party without the permission of the Party Office.
“Further, in the subsequent search operation, 17 more vehicles fitted with homemade sound systems were seized and fined as per provisions of law," the SP added in a statement.
Imat has covered these signs! It should be written and spelled correctly so that it does not mislead others, especially children.
Mana Sangma was arrested at 9:45 pm from Shallang in a Maruti Van while he was traveling from Assam to Shallang in a Maruti Van while Anthony was arrested from the market. Shall.
However, it is through the hard work of you players and the strength of the coach's mind that you will be able to achieve this goal for the first time,” he added.
Before the meeting, Rupang had asked who would be the President and General Secretary of the party.
The CEM said that the agreement between Ardent and Nolip for the land is for the construction of the KHADC office in Mawkyrwat.
In a government report, it was revealed that there are about 16 active measuring stations across the state, and next month, the number of active testing stations will increase to 23.
Throughout the day, the MLA also encouraged the parents to be the pioneers of their children and to teach them in the right way so that they can become bright stars in their lives.
JOWAI : The KNGCSU has suddenly protested against the absence of teachers in the morning shift or in the morning class for the Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree. They held a protest in front of the college and carried placards on Tuesday.
It is not sufficient to translate from the alphabet because the alphabet is taken from the Roman alphabet first developed by Thomas Jones; therefore it shall not be done in the sound of the words.
This office was opened to facilitate the working methods and also to assist fellow contractors in case of any problems.
In the 2nd Division, Sohiong SC beat Lumshyiap 5-0 with goals scored by B.Jana 10', 78', 86', R.Thabah 45', P.Khongsit. 88'.
He said that most of the residents of these border villages are Khasi and they want to stay in Meghalaya, because from the land titles or documents to prove that they have They are from Meghalaya and not from Assam.
Nongpoh: The UDP Ri-Bhoi District Youth Wing (UDP) has congratulated Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for taking seriously the issue. The students who are taking examinations and those who are preparing for other examinations, have been in the midst of trouble and confusion over the threat of NEPCO to turn off the lights and the load shedding in these months has affected the students.
The question I would like to ask here is why is this disease so common these days? Answer:- Many of us, we find these problems in our lives, and we cannot fight against the problem. or we feel like we've lost our way and often we feel like we've lost hope in our lives, and we've set ourselves up for our problems, and our problems turn around. you are in slavery.
However, the clinic doesn’t yet have its own facility but still operates in a house favored by one of the residents.
Besides Chhetri, other players in the squad include goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu, Sandesh Jhingan, Jackson Singh and Lallianzuala Chhangte.
Development projects cannot be stopped if the government comes to power.
Charlotte from Congress, John Leslee Sangma and Kris Kabul Sangma as independent candidates will contest against NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma.
When it comes to health, we are at the bottom”.
However, police sources who arrived at the scene said that the incident is true and the police have taken action and the investigation is ongoing.
Lam Bokstarwell said that the current situation in the state is that the State Government has passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly and sent the resolution to the Central Government but until now. At present, the State Government does not know whether the Central Government will approve or reject the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The Government has recognized the opportunities inherent in arrangements through ATs in order to enhance the participation and improvement in the lives of persons with disabilities and is taking steps to promote and disseminate Through continued investment and support, India has the opportunity to become a world leader in the development and adoption of AT solutions. A 16-year-old boy attacked and killed his ex-girlfriend in front of her brother just because she wanted a divorce.
Phramer Cricket Club beat Cultural Youth Club Mookaiaw by one wicket in the District Cricket League 2024 played at Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium on 10th June.
When asked whether the Government will be able to resolve the financial difficulties of these two ADCs, as they have not been able to pay their salaries for years, Sangma said the Government has to help and provide. support to the district councils but cannot take over the responsibility for the payment of salaries.
“We have not only invited the UDP or NPP but as a group, we have invited and urged all political parties to join and support the struggle to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr. DRL Nonglait.
It’s a shame that he allowed civil society to go on the battlefield.
If this happens from time to time, there will be no peace and order in the village.
God has bought you with your blood from Satan.
Here it is clear that many of our Khasi people who have been deceived by foreigners have been deceived for a long time, no matter how much they have been deceived and deceived by foreigners. They may struggle to protect themselves from that act or reproach of a foreigner.
In the counting of votes, Metbah received 39 votes while Winnerson Sangma of the Congress received 19 votes.
Ma Shallam said that the request of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly from Goa has been for 45 days and the Sein Raij has informed the State Legislative Assembly authorities when he came to the State. as an invitee.
It is a feeling that comes from those who are just thinking about the truth.
The report said that Agnes Kharshiing came out of the area and spoke against the MUDA employees and insulted the people in the village who caused the riots.
The leaders of AMKA and Karbi Cultural Society also explained that they don't have any feeling of foreignness in Meghalaya especially in Ri Bhoi, because since the Hima Shyllong before the British rule they have had a close relationship with Meghalaya. The Khasi love and work together and there is no difference in the way they live happily ever after and carry out the responsibilities of the society in the state.
Kanye West tweeted last night that his beloved wife, Kim Kardashian West, plans to lock him up with a doctor after he died. He gave a public speech in Charleston, South Carolina, in preparation for the US presidential election.
Rimika, 19, is from Molamanoh village in East Jaintia Hills District.
However, if you don't have a salary, the employees don't have anything to do.
Jowai, June 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in a statement sent by Samla Saikial Sumer, General Secretary Lapangap Unit, said that there is no development in the rural areas due to all the VECs of different villages. Different countries have hesitated to implement the MNR EGAs scheme due to the lack of funds and materials from the government for 3-4 years.
All the victims are from Mawkadiang village, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District.
“At the same time, we have made it clear that in the second phase before signing the MOU, the government should take the consent of the residents of for if thou wilt not do so, thou shalt have many troubles.
Shillong, July 30: U Bah David Nongrum, MLA of Mawryngkneng constituency, has decided to contest against Bah Teilang Hollikstar Lawai, also known as Bah Lik, as an independent candidate from Sohryngkham constituency.
In his election campaign speech in Shillong, Modi said that the politics of one family has destroyed the state in the past few years.
“In Sohra, we lack all the needs of the people, opportunities for the youth.
Hormon's house is very old, in the upper part of the house she rents and on the upper right side lives her brother while on the left lives her son and herself. remains in the middle room.
He also led the Under-21 football team to participate in the Khelo India Youth Games in Guwahati. .
On the same day, the Philippine authorities have warned the public to be prepared if such incidents happen again in the coming hours.
“If the people elect the UDP to come to power, we will follow up on this issue until the ILP is implemented in the state.
Expressing his surprise at the Governor's statement that peace and order is maintained in the state, Bah Lyngdoh said that the state especially in Garo Hills, has witnessed the rise of various insurgent groups. every day, where the people live in fear.
These medicines were distributed to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya and also given to the children to drink for the treatment of tuberculosis.
Continuing the second innings of 22/1, Meghalaya tied again for 183 runs. Arunachal were bowled out for 129 runs in 45.5 overs. Meghalaya has won its second consecutive victory.
In this regard, he said that all the elders and village headmen of the area, fully support the District Magistrate's introduction of Section 144 Crpc throughout the district, in related to the slaughter of fish, rivers and wild animals.
It was agreed by all the leaders from the villages under the Union to go to their respective Dorbar Shnongs to invite the residents of the villages from parents, mothers, young men and women to stand up and come out. on the 30th of this month.
At the same time, he encouraged the players not to give up their talents but to continue to work hard with a goal in life so that they will not end up here but will learn. rise to other levels of the game.
To curb the spread of garbage in Jowai, the office of the Chief Executive Officer, Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), has taken steps to install CCTV cameras to detect those who spread garbage in Jowai.
On the other hand, the Muktiar of the Government said that the Government has taken several measures in connection with the investigation and has also taken action against those policemen involved in the shooting death of Bah That.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, during his visit to the market on 6th June, praised the management of the market for their hard work. sani of this market and suggested that such markets can be held every year.
Shillong, November 5: The Sohra Challenge has announced that it will award a Buskit to anyone who catches the robbers in Sohra. Those who have arrested or seen the suspects should inform the police on phone no.8575976991 with sufficient witnesses to prove that they have arrested the person who committed the crime.
The village has received only a few development schemes such as some footpaths and other village improvement works but what the village urgently needs is to build more larger, better Pungtongum with fences, fences and roofs. to avoid the fall of garbage to clean and safe drinking water.
The program will start at 1:30 pm and will be opened to the public at 3:30 pm.
According to the guidelines of the Indian Council of Medical Research, 75 – 125 g of vegetables, 85 g of other vegetables and 85 g of vegetables such as rice, kajor, muli along with other foods should be eaten. .2) Importance as Food: Food production is increasing day by day.
Bankit Nongrum scored the first goal for Mission in the 8th minute.
(viii) to limit the price of agricultural products or that the price of agricultural products should not be less than the Minimum Support Price (ix) to protect and promote the farmers who shisha who earns money from the rep.
It is also a sacred mountain where we climb every year to perform rituals on top of it, according to the religion, customs and traditions of the ancients.
Sicilica Marweiñ, Miss.
Through Prime Agri Response Vehicles, 200 vehicles will be distributed to Cooperative Societies, Self Help Groups, Farmers Producer Organizations and private individuals with a subsidy of 50% in relation to the cost of farming. send the car.
In Meghalaya, the Department of Agriculture and agricultural education and information institutions such as the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) at Umiam, Ri Bhoi, have encouraged this method of farming. , in order to obtain articles which build up health, and not with shop-floor manure, which is the cause of many diseases, and which destroy the fertility and fertility of the soil.
He said that the elections have ended and now it is necessary to focus on serving the people of the state and to put behind useless thoughts.
“We who teach in private schools do not hold office of profit as teachers in government schools, so it is not right to ban us from taking part in politics,” he said. teachers.
According to police, after receiving a tip from the SP, two groups immediately left for Shohshrieh and searched for Agnes and Amita Sangma, but they did not. lap.
Vikas Dubey was arrested by dozens of policemen.
Under the Director of Health Services, T.82.4 crore has been spent on the provision of machines such as oxygen cylinders, BP monitors, ventilators, thermometers, ply masks, surgical gloves and thermal scanners.
He said that the MLA of Chokpot is a speaker who does not hide and he is also a leader to demand Garaland by separating from the Khasi and Jaintia in peace and happiness.
In Group-B, Mawlai, who won the tournament last season, were joined by Iasnohktilang, Lumparing, Kharang, Synroplang and Maw U-Tieng.
“If there is a proposal, we will not refuse but we will sit down with ourselves in the UPF,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Government should demand that the Assam Government should hand over peacefully the police involved in the shooting death of Four residents of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District and to be tried under the provisions of the CrPC and the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, together with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma and other Government Ministers of Meghalaya, on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Narendra Modi's visit to New Delhi on Tuesday.
From time to time, the Election Commission updates the voter list and removes the names of people who no longer live in the village where they used to live, while the UIDAI does not believe in responsible for ensuring the accuracy of information about the people it collected.
It was also informed that the area needs the office of the Superintendent of Taxes, State Bank of India at Umdohlun.
Vice President: You Are The One.
Of these, 34 are from Dimapur, 24 from Kohima, two from Zunheboto and one from Mokokchung.
Nongstoin, July 13: “This will be a memorable day in which your long-standing dreams have come true”, said Bah Macmillan Byrsat, Chairman MLA, Nongstoiñ Constituency, in his speech as the chief guest. The foundation stone for the upgradation of Nongkynjang Sub Center to Primary Health Center was laid today in the presence of the Sordars and residents of Lai Lyngdoh Area.
At the same time, they expressed their surprise at the lack of respect by the central government for the resolution signed by 60 state leaders for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Baghdad: Two rockets have landed in the green zone of Baghdad, Iraq.
The UDP party has won the ticket for Samla Sunshine Makri, even though he is not the full leader of the UDP. The ticket is between Sunshine Makri and Donkupar Sumer and if the ticket is given wrongly without following the rules and regulations of the party, Donkupar Sumer may leave the UDP party along with thousands of supporters. The UDP has said that there will be no differences within the UDP party if the ticket is wrongly issued without following the rules and regulations of the UDP party. The UDP party has been elected to the Umsning Constituency.
If trade and politics are combined, power will become stronger and wealth will be increased in the belief that it will never run out.
Indeed, inter marriage exists all over the world, and it is not against it, because according to the universal law, once a woman is married, bad bad.
In this session, the House passed a bill to ban the consumption of alcohol by MLAs/MDCs in the state despite the opposition of the opposition members, which should be implemented again until October 2019 to expire. become a current MDC.
The union also demands that the school should be improved and that the ground and other necessities should be provided.
The East Jaintia Mineral Association was established on 9th July 2022 and its head office is located at Mookhep. The office bearers and members of the Association include the President, Wanshwa Nongtdu, Vice President. Heraldson Dkhar, General Secretary, Yoomiki Kyndait, Assistant Secretary, Rimeo Nongtdu, Treasurer, Denis Siangshai, Deputy Secretary and Pius Shylla were also elected as Executive Members.
“We will decide who will join the party so I don't think we will have any problem if anyone joins whether it is from Dr. Mukul Sangma or anyone else.
He said the dispute between the government and the civil society on the ILP has been planted since last year when the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma refused to explain the best ways to prevent the influx of people. outsiders but he was wasting his time.
Besides teachers, there are many others who work with the government who do not receive their salaries on time and have to wait for months and years which is against human rights.
“As the residents at the time of the opening ceremony of the foundation stone of this hospital, we were very happy, but when we look back today, the condition of this hospital has not yet worked. “This has brought great sorrow and disappointment to many,” said Shullai.
“However, people on the streets and in the market places already know who those MLAs will leave the AITC,” he said.
Arunachal Pradesh played well despite losing but Sangti Janai Shianglong scored the first goal of the match. Meghalaya's skilled defenders managed to snatch the ball away from him.
She turned back to Niakha and asked, "Are you my son?" "I am the son of Kha Doctor," Niakha replied.
Jowai, Naitung 30 : Students of Khleihtyrshi Secondary School West Jaintia Hills District today received a briefing from Bah DR Manih, Manager (D)/Depot incharge of FCI, Food Storage. Depot (FSD) Jowai located at Khliehtyrshi WJHD. On the other hand, the Manager said that this is part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav. of these students will become employees to collect the census inside the government rice warehouse.
The research team of the Riti Academy has found that there are four breeds of horses in the state, both new and unmated with foreigners.
Finally, Samla Bateithymmai, has also been able to entertain the people of the area through her beautiful songs and has also sung many Hindi songs which have become famous including a Khasi song which she has written. self-made.
Shillong: Hundreds of people have lost their lives due to the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state. On the 1st of June 2021, the state will hold a special prayer for those who are still in the fight against this disease to recover, for those who have lost their lives from the outbreak of this disease to get eternal rest and also for the health of the state as a whole.
The four suspended persons are Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mohendro Rapsang, Kimfa S Marbaniang, Mayralborn Syiem and PT Sawkmie.
Today at Mawber, 2 kilos of rice per head was distributed to 875 heads of households, in the presence of the Sordar of Bah Wanboklang Kharsati and other elders of the village.
At the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery service in Shallang in 1999, we invited three speakers.
Samla Rymbai said that although NEHU has started recruiting temporary teachers, the recruitment process is very easy and this will benefit the students.
Leaders of the state including Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, Speaker AT Mondal, Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy and others have described PA Sangma as one of the most influential politicians in the state. which has been published to this day.
Shillong: The United Ri-Bhoi People and Farmers Association (URBPFA) has demanded that the state government should take action to forgive the loans they have taken for the purchase of sying. that they have faced the onslaught of the plague.
The Supreme Court has also directed the State Bank of India (SBI) to terminate such schemes since the announcement of the decision.
Crimes like the murder of Graham Staines in Odisha more than 20 years ago, the terrible incidents against Christians in Kandhamal in 2008 and many others in different parts of the country especially in those states to whom the authorities are silent as if they were giving their approval to the wrongdoers.
Thank you SD Khongwir, Ex.MLAwlai Constituency, Meghalaya.
To become more intelligent from school age, children should be taught to read newspapers for many benefits.
A WT message has been sent to the Chief Secretary of Assam, directing that the above named persons should appear on 1st July 2021 at the office of the Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO), Vairengte, Kolasib district. , to investigate the incident.
There are also those who live in shops and sell goods in the shops and streets in New Nongstoiñ.
Besides, it is time to separate the vehicles going to Iewduh and the vehicles going to Lumdiengjri. How to allow others to move forward and perhaps, it is better, that the small road near Umshyrpi to climb to Barapathar, to drive ten vehicles, where those who want to go to Lumdiengjri, can use this narrow road.
“Taking responsibility for this, the government has created opportunities to guide the youth to follow the right path by hosting the North East Olympic Games.
On the other hand, when asked outside the House, Bah Ardent said that regarding the debate on the Governor's speech, he will participate in the debate in English. On the second day, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will respond after the members of the House have finished their discussion.
Replying to a question whether the NPP has approached the TMC or the Congress, Conrad said, “We don't want to say anything yet but wait and see.
One day he was very hungry and filled the house with water. He poured water and filled all the dishes. He took all the wood from the trep house and put it in the house. and when he had finished, he said unto them, Look where I have gone, and he went out without coming back.
For 40 years now there has been no benefit and it has caused a lot of anger among the residents of Namdong A. At this meeting, the residents expressed their anger against the JHADC and wanted to take over the JHADC. I don't want to take care of this forest and I don't want to take care of it.
After the disappearance, the family members lodged an FIR as they thought that the child had disappeared from home on the 25th of this month.
The famous and thoughtful words of Myllung Soso Tham for the nation are unforgettable, such as “Light we seek all over the world, Light of the country we don't know anything”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The meeting of the NGO today decided to send a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs to protest against the Central Government's proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution. to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
The meeting held at Mawklot after receiving an explanation from Bah Ardent, unanimously decided to support and participate in this revolution and to urge the people to give their support.
Two brothers, Bah Jason S. Mawlong and Kong Macdalyne S. Mawlong, MLA and MDC from Umsning Constituency, have donated money. T.3000 to 305 health workers, including ASHAs, Anganwadi workers and Helpers, bringing the total amount to T.9,15,000 lakh.
Shillong: U Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma has admitted that the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873 or Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution cannot protect the country. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) introduced by the BJP government has been passed by the Parliament.
If he wins 4-5 seats, he will join the BJP. It is true and there has been an agreement, but in what way I don't know but Mukul will leave the TMC. state.
In Raliang Constituency, Pala received 11,173 votes while PWD Minister Comingone Ymbon received 11,173 votes. Mawthoh received 7612 votes, Shullai 808 votes, Romeo 227 votes, Samuel 90 votes, Bonney 79 votes and NOTA 52 votes.
On the same day, the Seiñ Kur Shylla Khasi Jaintia also honored Edigio Paia Shylla who has achieved the 16th position in the SSLC Examination
The Central Government itself has reviewed its schemes through the MPs, and the MPs of his or her constituency should convene meetings as these are directly between the departments and the MP. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded the immediate punishment and suspension of the 2nd Officer in-charge of Pynursla Police Station, Bah George Dkhar. The Seng has arrested all members of the Seng who intend to lodge a complaint against the illegal smuggling of muid into Bangladesh on the 24th of this month.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the State Government will start discussions with various groups on the implementation of the Roster System after the 15th of this month. month.
"I'll go with you," said the Son.
“It is an irresponsible act by the management of the hospital.
Matt Damon seems to be unable to end the feud with Jimmy Kimmel when the tyngshop in one of the interviews he was invited to asked whether he intends to end the feud with Jimmy's answer was that he would never forget it.
The MCPC wants a leader who has a real responsibility for the people of the constituency and who can really develop the constituency in all aspects, from roads, water supply, employment. and other public needs.
According to the commentary of Father Sngi, “the Passover was a great day of celebration for the children of Israel and on this Passover about 2,50,000 lambs were slaughtered. to have at least ten feeders per sheep.
On behalf of the family of I (Late) Sunday Morning Pariat I who passed away on 10th July, 2022, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to God the Creator who has supported us. at such a time when our hearts are broken.
Seven policemen were seriously injured, including a police constable who was approved for the head and several members of civil society groups were also injured in the public hearing held by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB). in front of the DC's office in Khliehriat on Saturday.
Momin took the wicket of Diksha, the captain of Sikkim, who scored 11 runs.
“The State Election Committee (SEC) has already sent the nominations and we will announce the candidates on or before the 2nd of June,” he said.
On the same day, the office bearers of the Mawbuhtraw Unit were elected, including President Bah Sphailin Lyngdoh, Vice President Trenly Lyngdoh, General Secretary Laskupar Lyngkhoi, Assistant Secretary Synshar Lyngdoh, Chief Organizer Building Mawtyllup and others.
He said that the department has given the reason that the reason for the power outage is because the residents have not paid the electricity bill. demanded the installation of a transformer in the village and the restoration of electricity supply.
“We have been surprised by the appearance of the numbers and have prompted us to seek RTI to find out that the Hynniewtrep Archery Club, the Sengbhalang Ladrymbai Archery Club and the Garo Hills Archery Association are the ones who have been arrested. recognized by government.
Nongpoh: U Lascretice Lyngdoh of Maikhuli Police Outpost has lodged a complaint against Kleden Sangma, Rangbah Shnong of Maikhuli, for allegedly shooting and bombing him. The group was led by the Rangbah Shnong.
It was a terrible thing at that time.
In the next match, Mooknor Thadmuthlong beat Lion 2-2
Last year the University exam fees were only 800/- tyngka.
I urge every citizen of the state to follow the rules and regulations issued by the state government.
It is the right time for Hazard to join Real Madrid, as he is still at the right age, 28 years old.
Two-time champions Gokulam Kerala FC and East Bengal FC are in Group A while Sethu FC, who finished second last season, are in Group B along with Churchill Brothers and Odisha. FC in this tournament which is the sixth edition after the suspension of the 2020-21 season due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Although Conrad has not appointed Prestone as the government spokesperson, many journalists will go to him to hear what he has to say on the issues.
