The UDP holds the top spot in the MDA government and has 11 MLAs with it and can shake the government at any time.
All the above documents must be available as any application that does not include these documents will be rejected.
They also said that some youths should not write at 1 pm but not until 4 pm.
Their writings, in scripts or characters of others, clearly show that they love their nation.
According to sources, robbers from a border area between Arunachal Pradesh and Assam have shot dead four people who were involved in tree planting on the other side of the border. of the state of Assam.
This is because those who still hold the traditional religion are sad and angry because they are not considered as a minority and for that reason they lose all the benefits such as scholarships. especially when you go to higher education.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
We have taken this matter seriously as he (Bah Lamare) was arrested after returning from Nagaland,” said the DIG. The NLCN has joined the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
The Ri-Bhoi Dorbar invites and invites all the residents of Ri-Bhoi District to come out in order to take part in the celebration of the 31st Anniversary of the Ri-Bhoi District. There will also be a collaboration with the district authorities and the Forest Department to celebrate World Environment Day.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Mawrie congratulated the BJP leaders from Jirang Constituency for their hard work until the office was erected and opened to the public today. , and encouraged them to continue to work hard without hesitation so that the BJP Jirang can win the upcoming election.
Tbn. Morris Swer was also the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai and a member of the newly formed Sur U Paitbah East Jaintia Hills Union.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Laskeiñ Block Circle under the leadership of Vice President Samla Ioowanlam Sayoo together with Secretary Samla Shadapstar Hadem, on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer PWD Road Shangpung Division, regarding the delay. to construct the road from Laskeiñ to Barato and Raliang to Sahsniang.
In fact, the driver of the truck was rushed to the Mission Hospital, but doctors pronounced him dead before reaching the hospital.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner Raja Brahma to complain about the illegal aid. The union has demanded that the robbers involved in this incident should be arrested immediately so that such incidents should not happen again. play chess.
Upon seeing this, the soldiers rushed to the scene and arrested these people.
The HNLC said that if the NGT continues to use these tactics to extend the deadline, the HNLC will take tougher and stronger decisions to protect the people. Shillong, July 13: Raju Singh, President, Harijan Colony, Gora Line, has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station at 3 pm. Brandon Basaiawmoit, 21, of Basaiawmoit, 21, was arrested while he was throwing stones at the scene. Police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing. go ahead.
Shillong, June 22: The funeral service for Bah JD Rymbai, former Chief Minister and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, will be held at Madan Heh, Phudmuri, Shillong on Saturday at 10:00 pm. 1:30 o'clock in the afternoon.
The health centers in the area are far away, so when the people are sick and want to go for treatment like Aradonga PHC, Riangdo Community Health Center (CHC), they have to pass through Assam, because There are no adequate roads connecting the villages in the area.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Dundee Cliff Kongsit congratulated the FKJGP Mawlai Circle for organizing this tournament so that the students can showcase their sports talents and urged the students to work hard in all aspects to improve in life whether it is in their studies and also in their sports skills.
They said that if the government has a policy to increase the salaries, but does not have a policy to improve the farmers, it should have created a policy to forgive the debts of those farmers. farmers whose crops have been damaged by the natural disaster.
Nongstoiñ, March 25: The FKJGP West Khasi Hills District (FKJGP) has blocked the quarrying machine of the company which is constructing the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road on Tuesday last month. Not only the management of the Company but also the leaders of the Joint Action Committee which is the union of the elders of the villages along the road from Nongjyllieh, onwards to Wahkaji.
Iftikhar, who scored 36 runs in the last match, has now moved up seven places to 38th.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,849 and the death toll has risen to
At the same time, the Honorary Secretary of the MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor said that the team needs to be disciplined, as it is important when playing on the field as a team.
They said that this is their first visit to the North East and they are happy to see that the people know and enjoy their songs.
The film Jawan has been a box office hit so far and is co-produced by Gauri Khan, who is the wife of Shah Rukh Khan.
However, we have been able to produce up to 4500 liters per day.” The Center was built at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka through a special scheme from the Prime Minister at a cost of 27 lakh tyngka. The Chief Minister's Special Rural Development Fund (CMSRDF) as well as the MLA Scheme worth about 9 lakh tyngka.
Before the distribution, a short meeting was held which was led by Ma Almeki K Shylla.
These include EGH: 02, EJH: 03, EKH: 76, NGH: 12, RBD: 56, SGH: 06, SWGH: 7, SWKH: 14, WGH: 82, WJH: 39 and WKH:
In the first innings, SP Office scored 141/6 wickets in 20 overs.
Guwahati: A total of 3,11,21,004 people have been registered as Assam citizens.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prof. Majaw recalled the journey of Bah Swell from his childhood until he graduated from his studies. until he entered the political arena.
Shillong: Meghalaya today beat Kerala FC by scoring two goals each in the Santosh Trophy at the Manjeri Payyanad Football Stadium in Kerala.
In Meghalaya, the government has protected the police.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyndoh said that the department will have to investigate into this allegation. and allegations may come from anywhere, but what is needed is to look at the evidence and the facts.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday urged the MLA of North Shillong, Adelbert Nongrum, to bring the issues of the people to the Legislative Assembly for discussion, not to do anything. political drama.
On the service rules, Amanda said that St Edmund's College has misused them by setting its own rules for government teachers and links to college teachers posts.
He said that it is on this basis that the Garo people have begun to understand and have decided not to go to Assam at all.
Not only that, there are many doctors, nurses, paramedics, journalists, many of whom have been infected with the virus in Assam.
On the other hand, the Chairman of HFLWA, Bah T Yatbon, while explaining on the occasion, said that as it is now 40 years since we got our own state, agriculture has been developing. it remains the same.
The working of the committee will be launched on 1st November 2013 and will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister on 1st November 2013, said a statement sent by the Commissioner & Secretary of the Political Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
After the prayer, there was a wreath laying ceremony and candlelight vigil to pay tribute to the four men who lost their lives at the hands of the Assam police.
From November 2015 to March 2019, he served as the Vicar General of Nongstoiñ, and at the same time, as the Archpriest of the Divine Savior Church in Nonbah.
Shillong, Naitung 26: After the Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Education Dr RC Laloo refused to take over the post of school teacher, the JACA TAM has clarified that the school authorities or Managing Committees There should be no doubt about their demand that the government should take over all the posts of school teachers in the state.
In a letter to the President of the Pradesh Congress Committee (I), Bah Batyngshain, he said that the reason for his resignation from the Congress party is because he lost the last elections. The Constituency and he has a sense of responsibility for this incident.
In fact, in the first place, there will be no world at all because war and violence of all kinds will happen and if that happens, you will have to prepare for the great war.
The people have already elected their leaders and there are people who have not yet cleaned the shops, the vehicles you drive to go to the Secretariat to sit down and if the therefore there is no point in choosing a leader.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : U PDF Leader and Minister in charge of Sports, Youth Affairs and Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and other party leaders today visited the village. Mukroh to extend his condolences to the families of those who have suffered the loss of their loved ones due to the shooting death by the Assam police.
The Seng will fight hard to help this young woman who has brought fame to the country and the nation.
This training is held once every 3-4 years in India to train football experts.
“I also found that the police have claimed that it is only a domestic dispute and not a domestic violence.
The Confederation of Indian Traders (CAIT) on Tuesday burnt down many goods imported from China and demanded that the Indian government should increase the tax on imported goods from China. China, which should be between 300 to 500 percent.
When asked whether there is a danger if the reservation policy is revised, Bah Paul acknowledged the danger and urged everyone to think because we should not end up shooting ourselves and injuring ourselves.
Ma Riquoma Rq.Laloo, Waheh Chnong, Panaliar, Jowai said that these rules and regulations are for the sake of peace, welfare and cleanliness; without any discrimination against any Candidate.
Then he dedicated his life to protect our beloved Khasi people from the persecution of the French Government and Nongkhïi Dohlieh by establishing schools, providing the Khasi Alphabet ABKD, and teaching in the improvement of income.
Advertisement No:- NEC/ADM/2/2019The North Eastern Council Secretariat, Shillong invites applications for the contractual post of Consultant in the field of Managerial Economics in the prescribed format.
Police have launched an investigation under the Sadar PS C/No.196(07)2023 U/s 452/326/392 IPC. , who is involved in the case.
those who have become Christians should not send only tribes.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today held a rally at the tyngshop of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath to protest against the killing of a young woman by robbers. They allegedly took her life.
Zenith Sangma is the brother-in-law of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and there has been talk that Dr. Mukul Sangma has already appointed his wife Dikanchi Shira and his brother as public leaders. Zenith Sangma's wife Sadhiarani M Sangma has decided to replace him as leader.
In Greek it is called "Bapto" or Baptizo which means to dip or immerse.
Shillong, July 16: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday inaugurated the construction of the Rongjeng Mangsang Adokgre and Mairang Ranigodown Azra roads. of the Shillong Peak Ropeway and tourist attractions in Khongthong, Mawlyngot and Kudengrim through digital channels.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has imposed a curfew from 6 pm on 3rd June 2020 and will continue until 6 pm on 6th June
The election in Sohiong Constituency has been held in six days until the polling day, the day on which the people of this constituency will be able to elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, after two months. Fifty-nine constituencies have already elected their MLAs.
The operation of MEeCL is another priority for the new government, as the department has faced many problems until the employees have been on strike from time to time.
When we turn to our own Ri Khasi, we know that Ri Khasi is a country that is different from other states whether in India or in the world as a whole.
Thus, when we read about the kingdom, our praise or condemnation is for the king or the king.
Those who have nothing can judge the poor in many ways.
After the DC's inspection of these two coal truck parking lots in Riangdo area, some journalists had the opportunity to talk face to face with the DC to ask what the His purpose as the Head of the District is to inspect these coal parking lots.
Bah Tynsong in his election campaign; He said the NPP will confirm the passage of the Village Administration Bill which has been passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Those who are most likely to be deceived and deceived at such times are the leading leaders of any party especially those parties that are more suitable.
Shillong Police have arrested four suspects including Bikash Kumar, 20, of Kathiar, Bihar, Amar Gowala, 25, of Jalpaiguri-West Bengal and two children. They were arrested in Shillong.
The union also requests the government to repair the road from Rani to Mairang and also the road from Umrit to Umling, as these roads are essential for the people living in Ri Bhoi Spngi.
Regarding the allegation by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma that Pynshngaiñ is a traitor to the people, because he did not request the VAB from the MHA, Pynshngaiñ said that the VAB KHADC has already sent a clarification to the MHA on the Bill and the Council wants to get a reply from the MHA. Shillong, Naiwieng 10: A woman found in Khyndailad on the 7th of this month has been sent to the MHA for the first time in the history of the District Council. She died the following day at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to close down the Nepali Compound, Rilbong from Roma Devkota's house, Mira Store to Sushma Talukdar's house and so on. Umjasai, where there is a shop of BM Kurbah and a Mantra Building opposite the Puja Mandap.
During the visit of the Union Minister of State for Child Development, a meeting was held with various government officials from Ri Bhoi District at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Ri Bhoi District has given a presentation on the implementation of various development schemes according to the allocation of the District which has been recognized as an Aspirational District.
Referring to the launch of the CM's Solar Mission as a step forward in the Government's journey to curb the electricity shortage in the State, he said, “It may not solve all the problems, but we can to ensure that up to 30-40% of households will receive electricity through solar units”.
After they had sat for a while, Riia went to visit them.
Former MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday, 12th July 2024, expressed his concern over the work of the District Council, because instead of discussing the issues of security and the nation, to strengthen the cultures, the kingdoms, but they have only talked about schemes.
He said the government cannot ignore the recommendation of the High Level Committee (HLC) to implement the ILP in the state.
The four-storey house was owned by Amit Singhania, according to his brother.
It is a pleasure to witness the enthusiasm and participation of 30 schools in this celebration.
They also acknowledged that the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has increased the price of cows in the state.
In his welcome speech, Dr. Manoj Churuliyil Abraham, Director DBCIC, who was also the chief guest, said, “He is a hero, because he is proud of his deity, his culture and to my own country.
Bah Rosewell Shadap from RiBhoi said that if the government does not show mercy, it will be a problem for the farmers.
The union congratulates the SP of West Jaintia Hills district and the entire police department for their hard work in arresting the seven robbers and bloodthirsty men.
“If the coal is allowed to be mined, the temperature will rise to 50 degrees,” he said.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has urged the Government of India to immediately invite all parties to talks to end the bloodshed in Manipur and bring about but to the peace that lasts forever.
She was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 23-04-2021 and died on 25-04-2021, at 4.30 pm.
JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang said this after a meeting with MM Palam Raju at the Raj Bhavan yesterday.
On the 30th there are activities for young children.
She said that the department has directed all health centers to provide treatment to all those who have the disease in Garo Hills.
The AIM leader said that many people in Kolkata, Mumbai, Assam and other places have died just because they were injected against Covid-1
Nongpoh, November 05: The residents of Nar-ang and Pahammawleiñ who live near the Weighbridge at Nar-ang, have again faced a serious problem due to the landslide. The government has been severely affected by the pum pum.
Dozens of residents with placards and slogans turned to the JHADC to demand that the council should appoint a full-time Waheh Shnong of Jarain.
He said that the power outage period in Shillong is shorter compared to other cities.
Shillong, Nailar, 11: In an effort to train students for their future in terms of employment, AVENUES, Shillong, has launched a program 'Improving Employability on Campuses. Career Skills' through its FastFORWARD initiative, in collaboration with Lady Keane College, Shillong.
This is a Trust which looks after the District level and the Deputy Commissioners are the Chairman to screen and allocate the projects and the State Government does not interfere in the selection of sites or use the money," he added.
The tree will be planted in the Umiam River later and first in Shillong. Initially, 5,000 seedlings will be planted.
Shillong: All government offices and schools will be closed on 25th November 2020 in East Khasi Hills District for the Nongkrem Festival.
When you become an autonomous state, you will become an autonomous state.
The incident took place on Tuesday morning in parts of Balochistan.
In a statement, Garo Mandei Marak, who claimed to be the Public Relation Secretary of the GNLA, said that inside Shillong jail, he can use mobile phones as he wishes.
There were 12 rots brought today and after the dancing, the risa, the pum, the tangmuri and the bomb, the rots were left at the Tre-Pyrda ( Aitnar), the children of Seiñ Raij Ïalong have had the opportunity to take part in this Behdeiñklam festival after two years of the outbreak of Covid-1
Marvel films are and are also blockbuster films followed by Disney and others.
The Supreme Court has sought Shinde's reply on 22nd June.
Shillong: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Mohammad Yaqoob Mir, who was also invited by the National Lok Adalat, today held a public hearing.
Because taking their children to the villages of their relatives is bad for the future generations, Parad Pnan understood this and they settled there at Synrang Bah as explained and ordered by the khan.
After completing the requirements of the law in the presence of an independent witness, the vehicle was searched and three boxes of soap boxes containing suspected drug powder were found.
The leaders of the union said that this will help the school children as well as the pedestrians who pass by the road and at the same time it will also be a way to prevent injuries from lymbub vehicles. .
When I finished speaking, he praised me instead of praising God.
Phone numbers: 7085602743, 96120 96498,
“We are pleased with the discussion at the meeting and the families will have to go to court,” he said.
According to the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), the decline in the number of students taking Khasi subject is higher in urban schools compared to urban schools. There are 100,000 people living in the villages of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Nine days after her release, the doctors examined the baby again but found that he was in good health.
There was also a performance of customs and traditions by various branches of the Seng Khasi.
Shyam S. Pachar was named Man of the Match with 50 runs.
Two constituencies where the Congress has decided not to contest include Khliehriat and Amlarem.
Many states have expressed despair over the shortage of oxygen, which is one of the most important needs in the treatment of corona patients.
“It's enough for me to do that...?” Niakha asked because she felt that she was still missing.
The NPP Ranikor Block will convene a meeting on 03rd June 2020 at Rangthong to discuss the Mid-Term MDC Election for the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency.
Listen to the news from time to time, stay at home and avoid going out.
Because the struggle of the political parties to implement the ILP is not for the benefit of anyone but to protect the country and the nation from the invasion of foreigners who are a threat to the indigenous people.
Meanwhile, Sohra MDC Bah Tistosstarwell Chyne said that as the leaders of the people, they cannot just listen and watch what has happened in the state in the past two months.
Before the start of the various games, Miss Aida C.War Vice Principal gave an explanation and took oath to all the participants of the College Week. The motto of this month is 'Press towards the goal'
“This one letter is more strange the writer signed his name, but forgot to write the letter.6.
Dulong beat Demthring 3-1 in the first division football tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
Barcelona's Robert Lewandowski scored twice to give the team the lead in the first leg of the tournament. and to win the trophy for the first time in the current season since it was won in
“I feel like saying it's our pride as citizens," she added.
It may be recalled that on 12th June, the VPP handed over a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah after a public meeting held at the parking lot near the the Additional Secretariat.
Two buses belonging to the Bangladesh Road Transport and Corporation (BRTC) were set on fire at the Rajshahi Truck Terminal in Amchattar this morning, the report said.
Deputy Commissioner, WJDSA President Ma Garod LSN Dykes was the chief guest, Ma Khroobok Passah, DSO East Jaintia Hills District and Incharge DSO West Jaintia Hills were the guest speakers. Finely Pariat, son of (L) Chatister Kharkongor, MSOA President John Kharshiing and other MSOA leaders and members. The Minister of C&RD of the State Government has urged the State Government to suspend the transfer of BDO Laskeiñ C&RD Block as he is a brave officer to advocate on the border dispute with Assam.
Three political parties in Meghalaya including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), FKJGP and Hynniewtrep National Youth The HNYF, the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) have expressed their deep sorrow over the shooting death of four Khasi by the Assam police on 22nd November. in Mukroh which was held at the Woh Kiang Nangbah Monastery.
After the distribution of the news, there was a cake and Christmas gifts were distributed to these people with disabilities including children with clothes and money.
On the part of the Provincial and the Rector, they expressed their pleasure to be able to attend for the first time, the meeting of the old school students and praised these leaders for their efforts. spirituality, which is not the case with Don Bosco.
All teachers are requested to attend the registration ceremony from 10:30 pm.
It is learned that Pynshai killed his wife on Tuesday night after a quarrel between the two.
Who can pay for this debt? The debt on the debt to pay the debt.
Shillong: Out of the 873 returnees from Tamil Nadu, 12 have tested positive in the Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong today said.
Katrina announced the news on her Instagram page.
If the Government of Meghalaya requests and urges the Government of India to resolve the border dispute between it and Assam, the Government of India will not be able to resolve it on its own.
He said that once there is an allegation, they cannot be arrested, but there are legal rules to follow and we cannot protect anyone.
When we look at the spirits of the villagers, it is clear that they are very afraid that death will overtake them.
AIS Suja 90% of the prophecies of the Word of God have been fulfilled for Israel and for the world as a whole.
Other office bearers are Erius Syiemlieh and Fuller Lyngdoh as Working Presidents, Twaiding Thongni, Sunshine Thyrniang, Jhumsing Marwein and Founder Mawlieh as Vice Presidents, Welding Shylla, Kyrpang Lyngdoh and Founder Mawlieh as Vice Presidents. Traling Sangriang, Fuldenstar Syrman as Joint Secretary, Anderson Lyngdoh as Public Secretary, Koland Lyngdoh as Sport Secretary, Sherboklang Marbaniang as Organizing Secretary, Canyson Marbaniang as Treasurer, and Advisers are Karnatic Lyngdoh and Phrangkupar. Syiemiong, Michelan K. Turnia, Mebankit Syiemlieh, R. Ramsiej, Baiohboldang Kharlyngdoh, Definetis Dkhar, Shemphang Shylla, Welbonson Snaitang, Bungsing Sohphoh and others.
The people of Sohiong are intelligent and intelligent people, they loved me very much and since 2016 I have won the mid-term MDC elections and in 2018 they have elected me as MLA. “This time too, the party we came out to fight for has come back to lead the government in the state.
He said that besides this, the government under the Planning Department has set up another council known as the Meghalaya Resource and Employment Generation Council (MREGC) with the aim of advising the government on how to improve the situation. aikam jam.
that we are God's creatures whom He created in holiness. He is holy and He wants man to be holy.
The State Government has launched a hotline number 1800-345-3644 for the residents of Meghalaya who are stranded in Manipur and through this hotline they can use to inform the Meghalaya Government if they encounter any problems.
Abu, who is a Pakistani citizen, also gave them T.4 lakh in Sri Lankan currency,” Sahay said.
JOWAI: The President of SEPSD, Wanbun Dkhar, resident of Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Meghalaya High Court against him. The state government, the departments in charge of natural resources and others for the non-use or implementation of the MEPRF worth T.433 crore.
Please send your video to Mobile Number 9774032252 before 16th July.
The previous government had set up a Sub Center in Psiar for several years, and we see that at that time the Assam Government did not oppose much because they did not want to accept Psiar at that time. the Sub Center as it is now.
All expenses for the Common Platform will be borne from the Village and Club Funds.
The Bapli people find it difficult to find and meet them.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that Samlin is like the youngest son of the NPP and if the people don't elect him, they are stupid when the golden opportunity comes. in their hand.
Nowadays, without going around the constituencies in Meghalaya, the people don't ask the candidate's education, skills, knowledge, knowledge, intelligence, fear of debate but they ask who he is. you are not riew spah.
“When asked how the Congress will defeat the ruling NPP in the state, Deborah said, “Money itself doesn't work.
In one of the games TDCA-A won the toss yesterday and chose to wait for the ball.
Speaking to reporters after handing over the nomination papers to the Returning Officer, Bah Pathaw said that the party has ordered the Supreme Court that the candidates who have cases must In the past few months before the filing of nomination papers, the party has announced its candidates for Mukotduna.
The Forum will meet with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills Districts on the first day of this month to discuss this issue.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) will celebrate its 91st anniversary on 8 March 2023, since it started operations on 8 March , 1932.
Telling Nongkynrih scored the first goal for Laitkroh in the 59th minute.
Nongpoh: U Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary of Raid Nongspung, passed away on Tuesday at 4 pm at his home in Balakhwa, Balakhwa. Hima Nongspung in Ri Bhoi District, which is also a village in the midst of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
First, we should not cut down the trees in the forest without understanding.
For example, no one would dare to say that alcohol is not a good drink, nor is it the pleasure and enjoyment of people to drink it that has made them addicted to it and ha the end is that they fall into great loss because of their bad habits.
The Delta virus has risen to 95 percent of the number of cases in the UK in recent days and the PHE said the two types of vaccines are effective and those who have been infected with the virus released, and was admitted to the hospital.
He said that the lehniam of the hima is hopeful for the good of the hima according to the signs shown in the kñia ka khriam.
About 400 people including leaders of various political parties, tourist drivers and relatives of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh and (L) Damehipaia Papeng who were killed by the bloodthirsty people attended the peace rally. They demanded that the state government should ensure that the bloodthirsty men who killed these two commercial vehicle drivers should be sentenced to life imprisonment.
Police have registered a case with Umiam Police station under the IPC and MMPDO. you are bad.
The meeting of the Expert Committee on the recruitment quota will be held on 6th November.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Paiem Ainam promised to fulfill the wish of the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun which has been conveyed to the Hima office to provide a playground for the youth within the boundary of the village. Representative.
The second goal was scored by Bantei Iongwai (30).
Speaking to reporters, BGB Additional Director General Mohammed Latiful Haider, who is also the Regional Commander of the North West Region of Rangpur, said that there is not a single Indian base in Bangladesh. such a camp on our land," he said.
He said that the council has directed the Rangbah Shnongs to be vigilant against the infiltration of foreigners.
The UDP has supported the demand of the KSU that the government should not implement this project urgently in the state without the understanding and approval of the indigenous people and should consult well with the experts. before implementing it.
Pala said that there have been incidents in the past where prominent leaders have lost after the opening of districts or Civil Sub Divisions.
Speaking to media, the MDA leaders said that they will meet again with the central government in the new year 2020 to try to convince the central government to grant the ILP. the first day, we talked together, there was no doubt.
Among these names, the name of Amitabh Bachchan, who is the son of Aishwarya; is included as one of those investing abroad.
Nongpoh: In an accident on the NH-6 in Nongpoh, the driver of a truck (NL-01-AH-6744) collided with a truck. The truck (AS-01-FC-9261) was on its way to Shillong. The truck was heading towards Shillong.
In the afternoon, Sangma wrote that one of the cases was in contact with the first case.
However, at present it will not be possible for them to return to the state and even those in the districts should stay in their places, he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem as the chief guest expressed his satisfaction to see that the village has received adequate drinking water supply after many years of water shortage. , but now the people are not worried anymore because the water has reached all the houses.
Also present on the occasion was the presence of MP Shillong, Ma Vicnet Ha.
Shillong: The Kim Ji-seok Award was received by Bah Pradip Kurbah at a ceremony held in Busan, South Korea today. March, 2019 by Mohsen Makhmalbaf, a renowned Iranian director, who is also a member of the jury of the Festival.
Shillong: The Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) today met with the media to discuss the unemployment of Khasi children at the petrol pumps in Ribhoi District.
It is certain that it will also be difficult to implement such a pyrla or tarajur, that is, the renewal of the employment allocation so that the two cases can be resolved.
The ancestors were people who saw far ahead for the future of the nation, they built this Hima which was ready from all sides for the inheritance for the inheritance of the nation to come. From time to time, this powerful Hima along the border has shrunk and shrunk and as it is now, it has become a small district and has shrunk more and more with the passing of the days and time.
Pawan Kumar Singh (6 overs: tied for 18 runs: 1 wicket) and Prince Thakur (4.4 overs: tied for 23 runs: 1 wicket) each scored each for Sunrise CC. to deliver the congregation from the sword.
Zenith Sangma also said that the AITC will contest 60 seats in the 2023 elections.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF, Umsning Circle, have demanded that the banks in Umsning, should provide ATM machines in the banks where they have, in order to provide convenience to those people who need to six church money.
After distributing the prizes and giving his speech, the chief guest praised Bhalang for getting the right points.
“You know the most terrible enemy of the road is water.
On the same day, the President of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar together with several members of the party, came to Sadar, to take back their own vehicle which was parked in the road. the police.
“I am very happy to be able to take part in such an event, because since I was a child, I have many relationships, memories related to the SSA. Shillong League since the time of my father (SK Sun), my mother Kar Kurbah, then Freddy who is a member of Shaiwol, and as a child I grew up with my soul. “For football, it started here,” said Eugeneson.
In the minutes of play, both the teams played hard and fiercely and Langsning had to play only 10 players after Sun was sent a red card.
The bomb was recovered from the Scorpio (MLA) number 05F 2927 of Bah Pakyntein parked at Lumsait, Mawprem.
It may be recalled that Graham Lyngdoh was arrested by the Chowkidar of the hospital when he came to admit a patient who is a fellow villager. The Chowkidar has sent a doctor to examine the patient.
Dr Sangma said the width of the road should not be less than 32 meters and the separation should be 1.5 meters wide and trees should be planted at the separation.
Their strike is also in support of the decisions of the meeting of bank employees held recently in Punjab which decided to continue the strike until their demands are met.
Initially, it was said that the doctors had checked the condition of his father because of the stomach pain which the child suffered after eating too much chewing gum.
Look here too, the word Graduate or Qualified or Passed has appeared again.
The United States refuses to pay the money, believing that government officials do not pay taxes.
Besides, the party will urge the Meghalaya government to urge the CM to approve and implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
He said that the online survey on the Web Portal showed that 651412 households while 485927 households have been able to deliver water to their homes. , however, when inquiring, it was found that many of the villages have only received water pipes while the water has not reached the households.
Dr Aman said that this statement of the Principal Secretary has shocked him especially as he has served the Government for more than 32 years and that the time has come to retire at the end of July
Verse 18 gives the number 666, which is the divine number of the first beast.
All the participants worked hard to remove plastic, bottles which have polluted and polluted the environment and after the cleaning continued by planting tree seedlings on the dividers of the road.
In India, there have been 1,32,788 new cases of coronavirus in the country and 3,207 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Vukomanovic expressed his regret by saying, “When you look at the videos, you will wonder why you can't see that mistake.
He said that the Seng encourages all the departments across the Bri U Hynniewtrep to provide opportunities to the youth so that they can escape from the evil practices which are spreading rapidly these days.
At the meeting, Bindo said it was decided that the UDP MLAs will go to the government to demand that a special session be held to discuss the decision of the High Court. 13th and also to discuss the management of khadar in the villages.
Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi and Mallikarjun Kharge have held many street campaigns, public meetings and election campaigns across the country.
From this we understand clearly that the Sixth Schedule is for autonomous districts and not for full fledged states.
These five constituencies are Nartiang (ST) with a total of 44337 voters.
Heroin can be white, earthy, and purple in color.
Louis Dohtdong said the Government should not waste time to summon the Sengbhalang to the Police Stations but should fulfill its duty by sending the Police to provide protection. to the people in the border villages who have suffered 40 types of harassment by the Police and Karbi residents in Assam.
Khliehriat, March 27: A team of ANTF East Jaintia Hills District and ANTF East Khasi Hills today arrested two women involved in drug trafficking and seized 29.5 grams of heroin. .
The group also agreed to conduct a full investigation and if it finds that the villagers are not involved, severe punishment will be taken against the Forest Department.
Besides making these traditional dance costumes, Rangbah is also a talented writer and so far he has written eight books.
Johnson had two previous wives and before meeting Symond, he had married his ex-wife, Marina Wheeler, with whom he had two sons and two daughters.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has banned the smuggling of goods from one part of the district to another from 22nd October under sections of 144 CrPC. outside the district and also the mining and dumping of coal in any part of the district.
Shillong: The KSU and GSU will hold a protest against the CAB at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat tomorrow from 12 noon to 4 pm. .
“Noting that the people of the state have now turned to the UDP, he urged them not to be deceived by anyone who will violate their right to elect their leaders.
Only in these last now if we can trust; After 2023, if you don't, you don't have any hope.
For the effective implementation of the ban on the use of plastic products from May 1, 2022, national and state level control rooms will be opened and special teams will be formed to monitor illegal manufacture, procurement, storage, distribution, sale and use of plastic products.
He said that after meeting with the Sub Divisional Officer, the union has received a reply from him and on his part, he has not done anything or listened silently but has already sent a reply. He has written a proposal from the office on this road and until now he is waiting for the approval from the government whether to allocate funds for this road because he too understands the problem that the people have faced. meet.
Chandrayaan-3 was launched on 14th November, 2023, and today, it landed on the Moon from the South Pole.
We have tried to explain that we are afraid that if the MDA Government collapses, there will be a takeover by the Delhi Government under the above rules, which the Governor of the State will look after and manage for the the President and the Government of India, until another new Government comes with enough people, to take over the rule.
Speaking on the loss whether in the city or on the border, the MLA recalled the 2.29 sq.km area in Khanapara, Pillangkata which was lost to Assam in the first round of the border talks.
On his resignation as the top leader of the party, he said, “I am sad in one regard and I am also happy that the party has taught him as a leader to take responsibility for the problems. “TULBA has appeared not only in Meghalaya but in other states and people have recognized and known the work that TULBA has done in the society,” said Bah Seiborlang Lyngdoh. Lighter.
I meet a lot of people who express anger when they see the state of the country and the nation, but they often end up arguing.
There are many benefits related to the development in all aspects through this mission and he would like to thank the office through Bah Swer who is the BDO and his team who have done the job. There were only 32 SHGs in Mairang C&RD Block but today there are 1440 SHGs in Mairang C&RD Block.
To find out the reason for the defeat of the Congress, this time, where it won 51 seats in the Lok Sabha, from 44 in the 2014 elections, is very difficult. faster than; However, in short, it shows that Rahul's leadership does not match Narendra Modi's and not only that, but we see that the BJP has two senior leaders, including Amit Shah, while the Congress has only Rahul Gandhi, although they have just released Priyanka Gandhi.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Banbuhai Makdoh, President of the party, said that they recently met with Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs and Urban Affairs. He said that during the meeting with the Minister, the Minister replied that the dismissal of the MUDA department is on the grounds that the department itself does not have the funds to pay their salaries. .
Saleh, 48, wrote in the UK's Daily Mail that leaders who fled their country during its crisis were traitors. He was referring to former Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, who has fled the country.
Paul said this while replying to a question raised by Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah in the House today.
The Lok Ayukta Act was recognized in 2014 by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya but came into force only in 2019 when the Governor of Meghalaya made it binding through a notice in the press. government (Meghalaya Gazette).
Hooid BJP wanted to move to another boat but it turned away and they had to sit back in the same boat with its magician Thombor Shiwat as CEM. In JHADC, the NPP has 18 members including a nominated MDC and has received the support of 7 UDP MDCs and 3 BJP MDCs. Two persons including former CEM Awhoi Andrew Shullai and Hollando Lamin, who won four terms from the INC. Shillong: A vehicle collided with a vehicle at 3:30 pm this morning. The vehicle (ML 01-8602) was set on fire by unidentified persons at Mawkyrwat Market.
The group of teachers also demanded that the government should pay the arrear for the year 2015-2016 to the 4th Teachers and increase their salary from T.6,000 thousand to T.6,000 thousand. T.9,500 thousand per month which will be equal to other SSA teachers. They also decided to continue to oppose the decision of the state government which has issued an order that teachers must pass the Teachers Eligibility Test ( TET).
Therefore, the union urges the government to end the plan to bring 'Khalai' in Bhoi, because if the government forcibly opens, the union will forcibly close down and will not allow. He added that the 'Khalai' site will not be used in Ri Bhoi.
Tynsong has been promoted by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today.
This election may also be a contest between many parties and it is not easy to say which party is stronger.
He also questioned whether the investigation is ongoing or whether anyone has canceled it because as it is, the order of the former DC should stand.
Chandame said that the land of Mukroh Village is still 100 percent within the state of Meghalaya, without mentioning the notifications 1957, 1958 etc., but according to the notification in Mukroh village has been declared to be part of Meghalaya.
Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS has started and inaugurated this celebration on 24th June, 2019 and will celebrate it throughout the year.
Bah Alfred, a resident of Mawlyndep, Nongstoiñ, who is known as Bahduh, said that when the child was brought to his house, his hands and injuries were still severe. and this child shall sleep, and shall not eat, nor drink, because of the burning of his hands in the fire.
Shillong Police on Monday, 12th of this month, have recovered a girl who went missing for about 10 days from St. Margaret's School, Laitumkhrah in West Bengal.
This allowance of brokers to work in the office of the DTO is against the rules and regulations of the Government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that these people used to throw dewbilat near the houses of the people at 2 pm.
It has been 11 months since the NHM started running the project and we see that there is no problem for the Government to run the project itself.
He said that the credit also goes to the parents of the students and the teachers for making this project a success.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, has requested the government to allocate funds and release the salaries of SSA teachers who have completed the D.EL.ED program 2013- 14 and those who are still fighting in 2014-1
H. Elias Memorial HSS, Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS, Shillong College Higher Education and Assam Rifles Public School have reached the semi final of the U-17 (boys) of the East Khasi Hills District Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup.
In the sitting category, Hubert L Nonglait came first, Graham Jones Kharbani came second and Name Nangsan Kupar K Warjri came second. third; In the standing category, Johnborlang Pyngrope, Nihi Lamare and Marelad Kanai won.
He said the government is still waiting for the incumbent Chief Secretary to retire and be re-appointed as Chairman of the Commission.
When asked whether Prestone has decided that if the NPP wins the government, the prime minister will be from the Khasi-Jaintia and Lum Garo regions. Prestone said the decision to elect the prime minister depends on the consensus of all the elected leaders of the party.
It is explained that it is a dangle reading and writing book.
Atong Matgrik FC's Rakchuwell Marak scored the first goal in the 36th minute.
Jowai, Nailar 31: The illegal smuggling of coal from Jaintia Hills to Assam continues despite the order of the National Green Tribunal which has been in force for more than two years.
Plastics that are harmful to health and the environment are those plastics that cannot be converted into water or non-biodegradable plastics.
You're not smuggled.
Speaking on the condition of roads in the state, Dr Sangma said that in the past, when the PWD was in charge of the state, many roads were good, but only after the central government took over, they have changed. snow is not in this state.
It is unthinkable that this is happening in the beautiful country of Manipur and we are shocked, shocked and angry by what has been happening for two months without seeing the end.
Most of the MPs from the North East supported the CAB. Agatha Sangma, MP from Tura Constituency also supported the CAB in the Lok Sabha vote last night.
“Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away” Matthew 24:3
The Minister said the government will also consider whether the decision of the High Court will lead to the removal of MLAs as the Parliamentary Secretaries are appointed according to the law.
In the past few months, we have seen that society is going through many challenges that require a clear understanding.
“These chowkidars are on duty day and night and they help us to provide information when there is any incident,” said Bah Nongkhlaw.
For this reason, the Ri War area is known as the 'Garden of Eden' of Khasi-Jaintia because it is covered with niamtra trees that bloom during the rainy season.
These officials are in charge of MES Point (Rilbong), 3rd Mile Upper Shillong and 7 Mile Upper Shillong and have started working on their duties. from 7 am to 9 pm and this too depends on the case of heavy traffic.
Faith is not the building of buildings to worship God, but it is a prayer for a spirit of sympathy and compassion for others.
Regarding the college which will start soon in Umden and the current one will start with the Arts Stream and now classes will be temporarily held inside the building of Nongtluh Higher Secondary School, Diwon.
There will be three competitions in the Modified category, Semi Modified category and Stock category.
Luke and especially Mark do not tell us exactly how the resurrected Jesus hid Himself from them.
“We have requested the farmers to choose the areas to produce sohniamtra so that the government can provide assistance to them,” he said, adding that the state produces 8,000 metric tonnes of sohniamtra per hectare.
BSF troops shoot dead truck driver suspected of transporting cows near Pynursla village The KSU has appealed to the people to come out in order to protest against this atrocity by the troops which happens from time to time.
In the final match, Mookynphad Mihmyntdu Sports Club beat Iooksi Youth Welfare 1-0 goals scored by Wailad Shylla. in the 50th minute of the game.
He urged the VPP to demand from the government to set up a committee to review the reservation policy so that it will be appropriate among these ethnic groups in the state, by giving the government about two months.
Students of Cambridge Secondary School, Oxford Secondary School, Little Star Secondary School, Wapungskur and Tiachaphrang Higher Secondary School Sohkymphor, They showed and gave explanations on how to maintain and clean the sources of drinking water.
Therefore, even 10 inches of road has not been passed in these areas,” said Prestone.
The Raid was completed by the sankurs together with the Lyngdoh to provide the rituals. The son of the Raid of the Hima, Lyngskor of the Nongkhlaw clan, for the purpose of praying and cleansing. The sla shall be of the Kurkalang clan, and the blang shall be of the Kharkongor clan.
Isaiah himself said – who has believed our report? Isaiah 53:1.
In the Upper Shillong, Mylliem, Mylliem, Mawkriah, Mawngap, Marbisu, Mawphlang, Lairkor and other areas, these poiwir have been successful.
we cannot say that every nation on earth knows and witnesses that there is only One God who is the Creator of all things.
Nongpoh, July 06: Thousands of people from Umsning Constituency today attended the NPP party meeting held at Madan Patarim, Umsning, to witness the speech of the Umsning MLA, u Jason Mawlong and former Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer and other leaders from other parties have joined the NPP party in the 2023 elections. state.
Besides, Bah John also submitted a proposal to the Commission which includes the need to improve the sports grounds, the participation of many, the appointment of qualified coaches, physical teachers. education for 15,000 schools in Meghalaya, the involvement of sports experts, the need for sports schools in each district, the employment of sportsmen and on the need to hold a quarterly business review meeting.
The opposition has decided to intensify the protests in the states where they hold power as well as in other states where they have supporters.
Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma were shot dead in Tuber Shohshrieh on 8/11/2018 and today it is three years since the incident.
He urged the management of the museum to inform him immediately because most of the time they end up at the desk of the officers. and at the same time the blessings come from God.
On the other hand, the union appeals to the law enforcement authorities to take strong action against this thief so that others who intend to commit such a terrible crime will have to think many times before committing. JNC Wapung Circle sends its condolences to the family of (L) Lita Ryngkhlem, JNC Wapung Circle. The Seng also appeals to all to respect and love women, children especially women, not to take their own lives. At the same time, the party strongly condemns such robbers who commit crimes and defame the society in the villages.
Sadly, however, God has set a time when this time of rest or time of grace will end.
A Palestinian child was injured and cried bitterly while searching for his father in a hospital after surviving an Israeli shelling of Gaza.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The residents of Bakur (Dawki) have expressed their concern over the smuggling of goods to Bangladesh through the Dawki Land Custom Station.
Meanwhile, Bindu Debnath of the CPI (M) defeated Kaushik Chanda of the CPI (M) by 18,871 votes in Dhanpur.
He needs both and man must save body and soul because he is one, inseparable.
There is no truth in their mouths – this has led to the ruin of the country and the nation.
There is no wise man, no fool, who can understand and understand God's plan.
Recently after a meeting of political parties, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Reservation Policy has been in place since 1972, but in the past 50 years, what has happened? what happened in the appointment is something that is done in accordance with the reservation policy and rules.
“This incident has nothing to do with any racial discrimination, as has been spread on social media,” said the statement.
This connection between the land and the sea is unique in the Fijian mind and for them, the land, the sea and the sky are connected.
The Meghalaya Karate-Do Association congratulates all the medal winners and wishes them further progress.
He also criticized Conrad for the government's inability to implement the ILP and said, “We have a stupid prime minister who doesn't know anything about the law. The District Council can implement the ILP, he only knows how to speak English but he doesn't know the law,” said Bah Shylla. and accused him of not taking care of his constituency.
Confirming this today, Kohli, who was in the city to attend the BJP Core Committee meeting, confirmed to reporters that he has already informed all the religious leaders at the meeting. long at 3 pm in Shillong.
The Minister said the government has taken steps to provide treatment to the injured.
UDP Youth Wing President Donbok Khymdeit, UDP Youth Wing President Kyrmen Shylla, Women Wing President Pretty Kharpyngrope General Secretary UDP Central Jemino Mawthoh, MDC Langkyrdem Laitkroh constituency, Ryngkatlang Lyndem, Paul Lyngdoh MDC, Dr Aman War and party leaders from two constituencies, North Shillong and West Shillong constituencies. The party's president from the four constituencies.
The meeting was held to mark the second anniversary of the Swacch Bharat Abhiyan cum Cleaning Drive organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills under the Chief Minister's Youth Green Campaign. .
The tourist spot, which was built at a cost of Rs 2.70 crore, was inaugurated by the CEM in the presence of three EMs of the Council, the Syiem of Sohra Hima, the Mayor of Maraikaphon and especially the residents of the village who came out to participate in this day.
Dozens of people were reportedly injured and it is not known whether they were civilians or civilians.
When asked how he feels about the political upheavals especially within the Congress party in these days, he said in the newspapers that his fellow Congress MLAs have shaken his seat. “It's not the way for us to talk to the media, it's the party's job,” he said.
Khliehmuchut Shangpung have reached the quarter final of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
We have to understand clearly that the street protests are a failure and cannot be stopped, but the decision to oppose or accept the bill is now up to the Rajya Sabha or Parliament and the to be followed by the power of the President of the Republic, who shall sign and enact laws.
The Government has not paid the outstanding arrears of the govt employees and the arrears of the teachers which was promised by the govt official order. now.
and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil;
“As members of this family, both of them have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of the Council.
“These two brothers not only acted rudely, but they also raped our mother,” said Bah Donbok.
Ma Dhar said the IG of Police has said that the refusal of the students to take the personal interview is because they were taken according to their marks. They have passed the written test, but they have not been able to pass the personal interview, so there is no point in passing them.
She said that if the ASHAs want more clarification, she is ready to talk to them again, but if they ask for something beyond the capacity of the State Government, it cannot be promised.
“We have decided to oppose the mining of uranium and the proposal to build a railway line while there are no laws and regulations,” he said. The border between Meghalaya and Assam.
According to police, the girl was ordered by the family members of the man to wear a sari as soon as she arrived at Barpeta.
The Deputy Commissioner has announced that the final electoral rolls for these constituencies, with the date fixed on 1st July 2024, have been issued in accordance with the Registration of Electors Rules, .
Shillong, July 21: A team of 20 Khasi staff of CMCL Christian Staff Lumshnong (EJHD) on Tuesday visited the orphanage at Sahsniang village (WJHD). The NEIMA Home Orphanage (NEIMA) is under the auspices of the North Eastern India Mission Association (NEMIA) headquartered in Shillong.
This age is an age of struggle-struggle in all aspects of Life.
Meghalaya needed 10 more goals to take the lead and this was achieved through a goal scored by Everbrightson Mylliempdah two minutes before the end. you become night.
Nongpoh: After receiving reports of the presence of armed groups in the Warmawsaw area, the Ri Bhoi Police have arrested 10 people. They said that they have not received any information or knowledge about the activities of the rebel groups in the area, as none of the village leaders have lodged a complaint with the village leaders. They informed the Police about the movement of the Kaikhlaw groups.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 46878 and out of these 41647 have recovered and 807 have died.
Soon we will become the source of water for someone in the days to come as Myllung Soso Tham saw in the past.
Pursunep scored the winning goal for the team led by Bah Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet in the 50th minute after the first half ended without a goal. whoever scores in the first half.
At least 16 soldiers were killed and 100 wounded in clashes between Armenian troops and Azerbaijani troops on Tuesday, the report said.
“We want the Government to empower the villages to fight against the spread of drugs by issuing a notice as the Village Level Committee on Drug Abuse so that the villages can fulfill that role,” he said. don't say.
Therefore, in the days of these kings God sent His Son Jesus Christ as King of kings and Lord of lords.
Nongpoh: U Sumit Jain, owner of a petrol pump known as Midway Filling Station, Umdihar village in Ri Bhoi District, has lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station. About T.11 lakh worth of money was stolen from the petrol pump.
On the other hand, Bah Khraw Sohkhlet, while welcoming these youths, expressed his satisfaction that these youths from the Trinamool Congress party have seen and understood that only the NPP is working for the sake of peace and order. of the youth and especially for the development of all.
To ieh noh that the sharud.
After this match, Shillong Lajong will now decide to prepare for another match against North-East United on the 15th July at 2 pm at Kalinga Stadium Pitch Bhubaneswar.
Those who don't walk through this every day probably don't understand the problems they are facing (only those who are sick understand the disease) before asking whether they have thought about the benefits of the 1500 villages. They don't walk along the road, or they think only of the foreign trees that stand by the road.
It is to be recalled that the union has collected money from the coal trucks in the form of a donation, by collecting money from the coal trucks which has affected the coal traders as well as the drivers. truck.
She also explained the need for these training programs which can also bring about the welfare of the society and increase income in all aspects.
The JSU said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has promised to take action to provide facilities at Ganesh Das Hospital and to open a new hospital in November and the Jowai Maternity and Children's Hospital will be opened this year.
The members of the committee also held a meeting where they discussed the work to be done in the future.
Before the start of the match, a short meeting was conducted by Owaker Pasweth Chairman S&G Committee and thanksgiving was given by Tista Paswet.
He said that there are nine factories in Rwiang in West Khasi Hills and Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District, which use rnga and this is very illegal, because it is a destruction. remove the trees.
The Minister of State, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the MLA of Amlarem Constituency, on Tuesday inaugurated a tourist spot in Nohkawang Valley below Satpator and Trangblang. Priest.
It would have been enough if, from these days, the country had not been included in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India with the provisions of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of India. Onboarding.
Therefore, the Government has decided that private companies, Government companies and contractors can bring in highly skilled laborers in various jobs where our youth do not have the skills or abilities. to work.
The testing will be conducted in grocery stores, bar shops and tea shops after Chinese doctors confirmed the presence of coronavirus in the meat processing plants in Xinfadi market.
As Esmatur knew that he would not get a ticket from the NPP with Mondal's preparation, he too decided to join the BJP to contest the 2023 election.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: Ri-Bhoi Police on Tuesday night at 12.30 pm have arrested smugglers of bombs and explosives. In the evening, they raided Khanapara area and seized a bomb and explosives and also arrested the suspects.
This should not disappoint us as citizens of the state.
Nickson Dohling, Organizing Secretary, Lamphrang Kharbani, President HANM and Robert June Kharjahrin delivered speeches. General Secretary Peter J Lawai, Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw and former CEM of KHADC were also present at the meeting but did not speak.
She also appealed to the contractors to come forward and register with the union to fight together against many of the problems they face.
According to this reporter, there is a big problem for the passengers of Upper Shillong, who park at Them Iewmawlong, because there is no adequate parking space for those who come to the 4 ,5,6,7 mer and thus the vehicles entering the parking lot, are allowed to choose as many people as they like, where they can choose only those going to Mawklot, Hynniewmer and so on. They can also go to other nearby places like 3mer, Umlyngka and so on.
According to police sources, the robbers broke into the house using a bridge.
However, the VC said that the 104th meeting of the Academic Council of the University on 11th November, 2020, has decided “To implement the NEP 2020, while also deciding to set up a Task Force to implement the NEP the Policy".
At the same time, the Minister said that the coal mines have turned into shrah in recent years and are not suitable for cultivation.
One is the body of a woman and the other is the body of an unidentified man from Jowai Badarpur Silchar road.
The final interview will be held in Gangtok on 18th June at Nar Bahadur Bhandari College.
Don Massar said he is still a full member of the NPP and after learning about the entry of Congress members into the NPP, he said he tried to phone the President. NPP Ranikor Block Committee candidate Shoi Shangdiar has not been elected.
“This department falls under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and Minister AL Hek has detailed information on this and has declined to comment on this,” James said.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders entered the CEM's room and found several officials and former CEM of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai.
They also discussed in more detail the development works in Dawki village, where he also directed the officers to ensure the development of the people in all aspects.
In a petition signed by the Secretary General of the NEMP's Forum, Bah Vincent H. Pala, the NEMP's Forum said, “The number of candidates who have passed the IAS/IPS/Civil Services examination from the North East is very low. except for a few who passed from Manipur and Assam.
Those who were present included Rangbah Fourteenson Lyngkhoi from Mawthadraishan and AC Gare from Mawshynrut Constituency.
During the investigation, he revealed that he had a serious difference of opinion between himself and his wife.
In a petition submitted to the CM on Thursday, the ENJC said, “We strongly request your office to reconsider the Office Memorandum on the requirement of land for coal mining from 100 hectares to less than 100 hectares. and the agreement between land owners and license applicants, when the applicants are not the owners of the land to be mined so that the public can apply for the permits required to operate coal in the State. Meghalaya and especially in Jaintia Hills.
The incident happened at 1:00 pm in Mawrapat village when the house of Meraldalis Shangdiar, 26 years old, collapsed.
At that time, one of the robbers chased away Samuel with a Lyngka and the friend who followed saw this and ran away until the robbers were frightened and had to flee. They fled and left behind their belongings including Lyngka and others.
He said that in the fiscal year 2017-2018, the Cess revenue was only T.48 crore and with the new introduction of 14 types of mineral resources, the Cess revenue is expected to increase. T.72 crore in the 2019-2020 fiscal year.
In a petition signed by the KSU, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkyndah, Riwai, Nongtyngur and Lyngkhong have requested the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to take action on the issue. There is no shaba palat in the bailutksan paid by the Government to the owner of the land.
“If children do not get the tikka vaccine, the virus will stay in their bodies and they can get 40 types of diseases,” said Dr Robert Marak.
Last year, many farmers tried to spray with water treated with leaf tobacco and also with DDT, but to no avail.
Shillong, Lber, 23: Mawbyrne Lower Primary School on Friday celebrated its Silver Jubilee in the process of serving the children of Mawbyrne in the field of literacy.
Ryntih have now scored nine points but have already played five more games than other teams.
For Aboobacker, it was a perfect season as he jumped 16.92m to win the gold medal, while Ikehata Hikaru (16.73m) won the silver medal. Japan and Korea's Jangwoo Kim (16.59m) won the bronze medals.
The number of literate people in Meghalaya is still very low and many children are still living in the hills, herding cows, cutting wood, working in the fields to help their parents. father, to provide for the needs of the household because poverty has spread in their family.
The injured were taken to CHC Sohra for treatment.
The fish is about two and a half feet long and weighs about two kilograms.
Rakkam said the time has come to send a female MP to Parliament, especially when 33 percent of the seats have been allocated for women through the Women Reservation Act.
Tell us your full name?2.
Shopkeepers talking to reporter: Rupang.
Mawlai, who have been playing well in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) last year, are hoping to win the MSL title if you can still maintain the same strategy and style of play.
The handshake continues within its coalition partners.
On 21st October, the Ministry also launched a helpline number 1032 for advice and assistance regarding the CAA where registrants can call free of charge from any part of India from the time of 8 am to 8 pm.
He said many churches have expressed reluctance to trust the state government to come for peace talks after the shooting death of (L) Bah Cherishstarfield.
Besides Arbinus, media reports said that Jirang MDC Victor Rani has no agreement with Jirang MLA (who will become PDF leader) Lambok Mylliemngap. Mawhati MDC James Sylliang has recently confirmed the office bearers of his party. James Sylliang may leave the PDF to contest as an independent candidate. .
I would like to thank the Police/Investigating Agencies/NGOs.
Instead of being good examples of the teachings of their religions, they are only trying to lead the evil schemes and ways of deception that destroy society.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the AICC's decision against the four Congress MLAs who came to support the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is wrong. He also explained that their support to the government is on many issues in the state.
The number of cases has also increased in Mawdiangdiang and Mawlai, where there are six new cases.
“If you shoot from the front, why don't you shoot from the front?
According to a statement issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, observers from the Election Commissioner of India have arrived in Ri Bhoi District and They have been sent to the North East Police Academy (NEPA) before completing their duties as directed by the Election Commission of India.
The arrival of four marble stones, including one mawria, came a few minutes after the Chairman of the JAC, Bah Ricky Sohlang, took part in a speech and explained to the public. related to the Nongstoin – Mawthabah road.
Shillong, November 02 : Four youths from the state have won medals in the 3rd Amateur Muay Thai Championship 2022 & Demonstration Game held in Imphal. .
Referring to the peace and good relations between the various groups in Shillong and the North East, Shri Satya Pal Malik, Hon'ble Governor, assured the group that Rev EH Kharkongngor, Secretary, KJCLF, said in a statement, “Why did you forget the war when the Crusaders came down? war against non-Christians in the past 2000 years.
Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner Scouts, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest, Chwadaka Laloo, District Commissioner Guides was the chief guest. Khonglah, teachers and students.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: U Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Cooperation today inaugurated the 70th All India Cooperative Week Celebration, which was held at Moosyiem Square. in Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Dashwamiki Lamare, 30, of Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, was arrested and said that he used to buy these items from Kalain, Assam for drinking and selling.
As a reminder, the Seal of India contains the words “SATYAMAVE JAYATE.” In short, “It is only the Truth that stands.
However, we must remember that this money will stay in the pocket of the prime minister and will not go anywhere, while the cry that hurts and shocks the people, is from thousands of people, The poor and needy from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills and that is why they shout “Shaei shi shaei u khaw, dai, phan” and these are the most urgent needs and will save thousands of lives.
The Governor has already appointed a peace committee and consultations with the members of the committee will start.
In 2019-20, he started playing well and led the team to the Shillong Premier League (SPL) title.
Lecturer, History Department, NEHU, Prof. Amena.
Thousands of residents of Nartiang Khanduli area including the Joint Action Committee (JAC) Nartiang Khanduli Area took part in a rally with placards and banners. , school children, teachers from Namdong, Waheh Shnong and others.
In these days, the Lakhympong dance was one of the most popular dances, in which the youth of Raid Thadrang, parents, children, Syiems and Basan of Raid Nongtung and others took part. The aim of the shad is to preserve the customs and traditions that our ancestors have established since Kulong Kumah.
The frequent power outages cause the meters to run faster, otherwise why even after 40 to 42 hours of power outage, the meter should have fallen short.
They also discussed the increase in the price of land registration which has been set by the government to register land. They also discussed the issue of demarcation of the Khasi villages in Block II. Assam and also discussed the issue of power outages which should be extended during the time of suffering of the people.
On the other hand, Nongstoiñ MLA Bah Macmillan Byrsat said that it cannot be said that this government is looking after West Khasi Hills and many of the most important development works are the construction of roads in all the areas. and income generation starts first if we can reach roads in every place and village.
They went to the battle to be armed men, they carried food but they also had to fight in the battle.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, today 7th November 2023 in the presence of Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah I. Lawryniang BDO C&RD Block Mawkyrwat, Dr. FR Lartang DHMO, State President NPYF Kitborlang Nongrem and other government officials visited Mawkhyrwang village. They had to climb and descend the footpath in the rain which took about 3 hours to reach the opening of the Mawkhyrwang Health Sub-Centre.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the illegal coke factories are located in Nonglangpar (Kyllonmathei) at the coordinates (i) , 90.9032912 (iv) 25.5185800, 90.9041877 (v) 25.5174384, 90.9062416 (vi) 25.5128946, 90.9528738 (vii) 25.5138.2870, 3i 90 90.9051718 (ix) 25.5146671, 90.9067402 (x) 25.5177594, 90.9006992 (xi) 25.5191951, 90.9023759 (xii There are 57 illegal coke factories in Shallang area and the District authorities have closed down 2 factories for the past 20 months. following the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Meghalaya will prepare for their final match against Goa on the 19th before returning home.
Conrad Sangma said that the supply of electricity in the state has increased significantly in the last few years.
They said that in fact the PMGSY road has been under construction since June
Therefore, we will consider whether we still need to ask the court to remand him in police custody for further investigation or whether it is enough because it has been confirmed that he is the one who committed the crime.
He said that since Mukul Sangma took over, even in the education department, the appointment of teachers in vacant positions has stopped and now they have remained so which has caused problems to the students in primary schools.
American singer Kanye West, who has been a strong supporter of Donald Trump, has decided to contest the presidency of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh, the party candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, said that the allegations that his appearance to contest this election is too late have been explained to the party. “I am not late but I still have enough time to leave because my departure is due to despair and it was when I found that this party is the hope that I decided to join the party. this is your party.
I am speaking clearly that I am speaking as a Khasi, I am not speaking from any religious group or church.
The non-payment of land is more common in Garo Hills.
“Now he has no choice.
“We have received information that there are still people who have taken the opportunity to blow up dynamite in the past few days which has resulted in the deaths of many people,” said Ma Daiapherbha Lamare Secretary 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association.
However, he said, “Yes, perhaps you can make it important only in certain grades, you can make it important or allow to choose up to class VIII”.
Nongpoh: The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TWWP) has organized the annual Amur Falcon Festival in collaboration with the Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society. The Tyrso Women's Welfare Association (TWWA) on Saturday at Umtngam village in Ri Bhoi District.
The Returning Officer of Jowai has sent a reply to Phidalia within two days.
He made it clear that he has no objection or resentment to any ethnic group on the appointment but only to bring about a settlement so that it will be fair and impartial.
He criticized the shutdown of the internet which has prevented the people from carrying out various activities.
That is why they murmured against Jesus and said, "He went into the house to eat with a man that is a sinner.
The truck was seized by BSF troops patrolling through the Mobile Check Post (MCP) on the Sonapur-Lumshnong road leading to the Lailong-Harai road.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Byrnihat Circle, today expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of solid waste management in the Byrnihat area.
Thus, at the end of the 1,290 days, it will be a time of preparation for the 1,000-year reign of Jesus Christ.
The four were shot dead on 30th November for speaking out against the government of Kim Jong Un in North Korea over the current situation in North Korea. poverty of this country.
However, on Saturday, at a public meeting at Madan Student, these leaders informed the public that during the three months of protests, dozens of summons have been sent to them by the law.
Therefore, the union has decided to encourage the youth of the Jaidbynriew to take part in this kind of sport, so the union will revive the Khasi League Cricket. The Maitshaphrang Khasi League T20 Cricket Tournament, which was named after the Maitshaphrang Khasi League T20 Cricket Tournament, is also in Basketball. , but on the other hand, the leader encouraged that it is not the rynïeng that will make them famous but it is the hard work and dedication that will bring them to the goal. Basketball players are 6 feet tall but there are also those who are the same height as us Khasi and there is a chance for us to improve in this sport as well.
Four more posts in the Apex Council will be appointed including Vice-President, Honorary Joint Secretary, Honorary Treasurer and Councilor.
Mawkyrwat, July 19: U MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ on July 18, 2022 together with the Executive Engineer and Sub Division Officer, PWD (Roads), Mawkyrwat Division on Tuesday visited the to inspect the collapse of the road at Twah Ringai on the road to Ngunraw village, South West Khasi Hills District.
“In the past 10 months, we have been looking at the facts on how it was communicated and how it was misled,” said the President of MCTA, Dr. BH Buam in an interview with the media. on Sunday.
That is why Jesus said, "Zacchaeus, hurry and come down, for today I must stay at your house.
The Election Commission on 25th June has ordered the closure of all borders between Meghalaya and Bangladesh until 2nd October.
They are serving all through their hard work and dedication.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Tuesday sought a report from the State Government regarding the murder of a foreign worker at Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong on Tuesday. this month.
During the raid, the union also closed down a dhaba in the area which did not have proper documents although the union had already warned before the raid that they should provide The union has vowed to close down the shop within 10 days to provide the necessary documents especially for foreigners.
The police department and the transport office through the DTO offices should also investigate whether the number of accidents that happen around the country may be due to the fact that the drivers are not qualified to drive. .
There you can associate longer, drink milk when they offer, don't refuse13) This is a happy life says Satan, if you do too much righteousness you will be rejected, you must be equal to the world, lym so you will be left alone.
The Seng Kutsnem is a celebration of the new approach in the preservation and strengthening of the traditional faith of the Khasi Khara through the Seng Khasi.
Other speakers included the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Laborious Manik Syiem in his speech who recalled that the State was accepted without borders and the implementation of the North Eastern Reorganization Act
Khliehriat, Nailar 29: Leaders and members of the Balang U Blei Wahiajer accompanied by the parents of the Church today under the leadership of Bah Samuel Sutnga and Bah Sunday Suting visited the Topcem officials and asked for clarification on the claim of the company officials that they have built a baseless church in Wahiajer.
U Bahnah Kharbani from Sangriang village, who used to sell fish, jhur and soh, when asked whether he buys the fish himself or from others.
Volunteers who wish to volunteer can contact the Civil Defense Office, Ri Bhoi District, Umlyngkdait, near DC Bungalow, Nongpoh or phone
PC, hundreds of members of these five parties have called out to condemn the MDA government and the Ministers of the government with a call for the implementation of the nine demands.
Dr War said that even if the covid patients don't have enough money to come to the hospital, the hospital will accept them.
It may be recalled that the Lokayukta, on 9th July 2020, has demanded from the State Government, to dismiss many officers, who are believed to be involved in the illegal coal mining and these include also to the employee who is also in the office of James K Sangma at the Secretariat.
We ask that if this continues to happen please fix it as soon as possible.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, today said that the 600 LPM oxygen generator plant, which is the largest plant, will arrive in Shillong on the 25th of this month. through the airport from Delhi.
Is it sensitive to better arrange and develop any part of the country for the sake of the welfare of all? They don't see that the discriminatory treatment is discriminatory.
The resource persons at the program included the District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Dr. E. Kalwing, and the CPM of DISHA – J. Pohtam.
The three parties, as in the past, have decided not to take part in the MDC election which was held in a peaceful manner without causing any problems, so this time too we will walk in a peaceful manner without inviting anyone. any protests but of free will the people of the area are invited to give their support and join hands.
Bah Marbaniang said that after the Government issued this announcement, the teachers have tried to meet face to face with the Government to clarify and also to demand that the Government should withdraw this announcement. but the Government has not listened to this request.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Chennaiyin FC 2-1 on Tuesday.
In this regard, the village celebrated and welcomed him as CEM from Shella Constituency.
It is necessary to provide awareness especially to the people in the rural areas, such as the types of foods they should eat through the fruits and vegetables available in the State, how to cook them and They should eat so that they get the nutrients according to the needs of the body.
They are covered with short grass but destitute both of the forest and of high jungle with one ore other of which waste land in Assam is almost invariably covered.
The soldiers and police, even if they know it is wrong, are quick to sacrifice their lives without discipline.
“This measure has been discussed for a long time with the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong to fight against crime especially drinking and drug trafficking. The CCTV is a witness,” said Bah Sutnga.
“If those who illegally cut kilos of farmers' products are found, they should be arrested and handed over to the law,” he said.
Besides, the former Chief Minister warned the State that corruption is more dangerous and affecting than terrorism, which can lead to a future of destruction.
Taking part in the discussion on the budget, Bah George said that all the writers from the editors of this book are not Khasi and the language used in this book is very fluent in the language. Khasi.
Sakwang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School will face Rangthong Christian HSS in the Under-17 Girls category today, July 23, 2023. Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School will play against Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School and the match for boys under 14 years old will be between Phlangkynshi Upper Primary School and Upper Mawbidong Secondary School.
Hooid, there are Sub Centers that don't work here.
Some of you who read this message have spoken against your brothers and sisters without cause, against your brothers and sisters, fellow Christians, especially against the people of God, take care of God. You see and God hears, repent quickly before God has mercy or punishment.
Shillong, June 30 : Hundreds of fish farmers in Mawkynrew area on 29th June, received benefits from the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Minister of State. at the meeting held in Thangsning on 29th June,
The opposition said that the decision to sell the raid land especially to the Assam Rifle, without the consent of all the villagers and neighboring villages is unacceptable.
It is located at Mawsmai village, 11 miles from the Meghalaya-Assam border in Ri-Bhoi District.
Ranikor, March 24: The Indian National Congress (INC) on Tuesday held a meeting to prepare for the 2023 elections. The Congress has decided to nominate Victorealness Syiemlieh as the Congress candidate from the 35th Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency.
The incident happened at 3 pm and five passengers of the Maruti were injured and taken to Jowai District Civil Hospital, Ialong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there is no direct funding from the Central Government in relation to the implementation of the NEP. in many areas, but there has been no clear indication from the government regarding financial support for the implementation of the NEP,” he said.
It is urgent to recognize Synsar and Latyrpad as agricultural products and to abolish the tax on them.
Even those who deserve it don't get it, they get it by those who can give clean water to the authorities,” said the father and wrapped his shawl luchai tightly.
Speaking at the meeting, the General Secretary of the North East Muslim Union, Md Zakaria said, “The work of Bah Sanbor in the constituency is a blessing to the people and urged the Muslims to continue to give. I fully support Bah Sanbor for this good deed and to continue to do good deeds for the constituency and all the communities within it”.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of the HYC, Samla Lumpang Kharsyiemlieh, said that the four foreigners were working as letter delivery personnel. Not Sewage.
In a state where many youth are still unemployed, even for politicians there is no unemployment.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Inquiry Officer (IO) today submitted to the Meghalaya High Court a report on the Sia Lieh case or the illegal appointment of teachers in LP schools in the state.
Bah Nujorki Sungoh has a B.A from Shillong College and he has no problem if he is appointed Speaker.
Overall, the purpose or foundation of the Hindutva Movement • The ultimate agenda is to establish one “country”, one “language” and one “religion” in India.
However, the fire trucks were able to extinguish the fire and the flames could not spread.
If it is in this way and to turn the University into a College of Agriculture, the union itself cannot accept it in any way.
“I'm sorry, Kong,” said Rangsan.
The death toll in Delhi has risen to
The vehicle was a Tata Winger (ML 04C 4806) which was a rural public transport vehicle of the state government.
The pledge was also read out by the youth in connection with the celebration of National Voters Day.
This does not mean that we don't need others anymore.
Vinod, who won the Lok Sabha MP in 2014 after defeating Congress candidate Pratap Singh Bajwa from Gurdaspur, Punjab, is currently undergoing treatment at Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital, Mumbai.
It is learned that Bah Syiem did not attend the meeting.
Gauhati University is a state university but it is not a Ksiar university.
Sachin Binu (14.23s)Men’s Hammer throw: 1.
He does not have an Adhaar card to apply for government benefits.
“I’ll come see you from the observation deck.
Recently, due to the damage caused by the heavy rains in the past few months, the residents of East Jaintia Hills (East Jaintia) and even the tourists from other countries have been severely disrupted. The states that have to pass through this highway, because they have to face traffic jam for many days.
The Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, IAS, stressed the need for a strategy in the treatment of tuberculosis.
Explaining the inclusion of schemes in the SLSSC, Renikton said that the schemes that have been included in the State Level Scheme Sanctioning Committee (SLSSC) are only those schemes that have been approved by the Engineers. , SDOs.“Schemes approved by the SLSSC for the second year 2021-22 at its recent meeting, 309 Rural Water Supply Schemes (Rural Water Supply Schemes) have been approved for the 1078 schools have received T.615.185 crore for schools, T.5.19 crore for 657 Aganwadi centers , T3.17 crore for Support Activities, T.13.60 crore and WQM&S activities T.11.44 crore.
Jowai: A 30-year-old woman was found dead in her bedroom behind Khliehriat Police Station in Lad-Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills. District.
Iohi sweat sweat.
The bill is expected to be passed by the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.
“I am pleased to have the opportunity to help the people of the area at this time of suffering and shortage of food and beverages and I request the village leaders to select the families who are in dire need of food items so that they get help," Gillroy said.
This family relationship sometimes brings strength to the love of the husband and wife and children and is like a burning fire to burn away any household items that are stuck in the hearts of the family members.
“Can the Government divide the Autonomous District whose jurisdiction is under Para 20 and if the Government wants to interfere with this, there will be a terrible protest,” he said.
During his visit to Daribok, the Minister also visited the Sadhana Forest Information & Learning Centre, which provides information to the villagers to protect the environment especially the children.
Jeryson Nongspung scored the first goal for Umsohsun SC in the 70th minute.
He also told the Sengbhalang groups that the Assam government is cooperating in this regard and those police officers involved have been dismissed and the police officer of West Karbi Anglong has also been dismissed. to another.
About 500 dignitaries from around the world including Indian President Droupadi Murmu and US President Joe Biden are among thousands of world leaders to take part in the event. The funeral service will be held at Westminster Abbey at 11:00 pm.
In his letter, he admitted that he wanted to lead a group of Assamese youth who wanted to fight for the liberation of Assam.
She said that the Langpih area needs a bank, because the people who can sell even a little sying and synsar, have to come to Nongstoiñ to deposit.
However, the initiative of the Rangbah Kur and their leaders to strengthen the Kur has brought about unity and is for the benefit of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Furthermore, the authorities have tried to arrest these vendors but have not been able to stop them from smuggling on the streets.
Salvation is from the Jews.
He said that the authorities are facing land problems in the North Eastern states like Nagaland and Meghalaya and if these projects cannot be resolved, these projects could be suspended immediately.
“We don't have the experts to explain whether the outbreak of bampong in this area is from the Kynshi River or not. suspect that many are infected," he added.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the state government has applied for financial support from the central government to implement the works. and the fight against Covid-19 in the state.
On this occasion, sanction loans worth 70 lakh tyngka were also distributed to 26 SHGs in the area by the Chief Guest and the dignitaries who attended the programme.
From the language of the thylliej, because we speak and write in the Pnar language, we call water water, fire we call fire, lyer we call lyer, the day of the moon we call the day of the moon. the food we call food, the spirit we call the spirit, and the life we ​​call life.
Referring to the protests in Shillong, the NPP leader said, “People are afraid to walk on the streets of Shillong after the incidents.
Nongpoh: The residents of Rongmesek, today came out to clean up the village, which is also one of the villages, which has started to grow in tourism in Ri Bhoi District.
“We have been demanding from the Central Government to repeal Para 12 of Sub Section 6 (A+B) of the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution,” he said.
We want to ensure that the UDP is determined to complete the deadline as agreed until the end of the deadline,” said UDP General Secretary Allatntry F Dkhar in a statement.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today decided to confirm Ardent M Basaiawmoit as the leader of the party. Speaking to reporters, CEC Secretary Bah Witting Mawsor said that the meeting was attended by the CEM of KHA DC under the ARPA. All the MLAs and MDCs of the HSPDP along with the elders and intellectuals of the party took part in the meeting.
The Minister said that he will also take up this issue in the second session after the passage of the Budget of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
As part of the visit, he also visited the newly opened Land Port Authority of India (LPAI) and the Integrated Check Post (ICP), Dawki. Central Government agencies such as LPAI, BSF, Customs and district authorities including Superintendent of Police, PD-DRDA, SDO (Civil) of Amlarem and Pynursla Civil Sub Division. the chiefs of the neighboring villages.
I hope that with your cooperation and God's guidance we will overcome Covid-1
In this regard, the syllad had the opportunity to talk to the MLA of Jowai, Ma Waildamiki Shylla, who came to witness the archery competition of the Meghalaya Games in Tura.
“The voice of one state doesn't matter in front of a large country because we have only one MP”.
Let us do it by our actions, by working together to eradicate corruption, both small and large.
For ye enter not in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to enter.
Therefore, it is urgently needed for the people of the village to turn and support the Congress party so that they can once again live independently in their own country and state.
Khliehmawlieh YC came second with 10 points from four games, while Upper New Nongstoiñ came fourth with nine points from four games.
Marwei scored 18, 78 goals while Promi Suting scored 46 goals.
Through this inspection, the KSU members, have looked closely at the bags of rice bearing the stamp 555, as it is from such bags, that the plastic bags of rice have been found in Shillong, but During the inspection, they did not find these rice mixed with plastic rice.
The NTC leaders said that the reason for issuing this request to the people was after receiving a letter from the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District. They also asked for cooperation on the violence against the people and that is that they don't wear face masks when they go out on the streets or go to the market.
JOWAI: The Mukhaialong Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the DFO Wildlife Division, Jowai on Tuesday held a tree planting ceremony at the Mukhaialong Pohblai Community Reserve.
Senior 17 years (born between 01-01-2006 & before)For more information please call:– 7085400617/7005417842/9 4 March, 2023 (until 5 p.m.).
The second prize went to Ri Bhoi Generation from Umsning, Patarim with a cash prize of T.70,000/- and the third prize went to Rapkyrpang Khongdup from Ur Ksew Wahpathaw Pynursla. They won a cash prize of T.30,000/-.
It doesn't matter if we are arrested and imprisoned thousands of times to get our rights because dozens of lives have been lost just because of the bad road.
" Many great men have lost their lives because they did not dare to speak the truth.
These discussions were fruitful and encouraging to Meghalaya.
The program was organized in collaboration with Kong EL Warjri, MCS SDO (Civil), Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong, Chairman of Raid Shabong, Sordar, schools and colleges as well as all retired members in the Pynursla area.
The JAC urges the government/NHAI to repair the road within a day and if it cannot do so, the JAC will gather again to blockade the road.
On the occasion, MCS, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block were present on the occasion. Mawlyngad Village Secretary, Women's Organization and Members of Mawlyngad VEC.
Nine companies took part in this tournament.
He was responding to a question raised by the newly appointed MDC Bah Bindo M Lanong who spoke on the bloodshed in Manipur but which has caused a lot of trouble to the state due to the refugee crisis. Manipur such as the Kuki, the Meitei and others in the Khasi villages.
It is learned that the wildlife department in Khliehriat has tried to drive them away but they have not been able to do so and they have been staying for several months in these forest areas of Nongkhlieh Sumer.
NEHUSU demands that this issue be resolved immediately for the benefit of the students of NEHU and the state as a whole.
In the first leg of the match, it took about half an hour for Lumparing to separate the lead from Synroplang through a goal scored by Chibaral Sangma (32').
Speaking at a meeting chaired by the General Secretary of the SPC, Bah Powell Sohkhlet, the Minister expressed his satisfaction that the group of journalists has got its own house to work.
Fortunately, no casualties were reported, as the driver of the truck escaped from the truck before falling into the river.
The meeting continued until late in the evening and despite the cold wind, thousands of people came to listen to the explanation of the party leaders which was held at the ground.
When Sadlier arrived, Kiang took the suloi and shot him, but he didn't do anything.
The incident happened at 5.30 pm when Jirmal Boro (32) was working at the coal mine belonging to Weibor Dkhar at Maibon under Umpleng AD Camp.
“I welcome the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to contest with me from my constituency.
“When someone asks for information through RTI, we have to tell them what we have on record. After that, the Hima has written a letter to the former Minister in charge of Forests, Dis Mawshai on 23rd July. , 2015 to return the documents and buildings belonging to the Hima, but he said that it is all inside the office, we are still looking for it, but we doubt whether those documents are “There are those people who have accused us,” said Minister Kharlukhi.
TRH under the Dominion of India (from 15.08.1947 to 25.01.1950) :Through history we know that the Khasi States signed only the Instrument of Accession because they were willing to be within the border of India. together with the provisions of the Annexed Agreement in which the British Areas (Khasi & Jaintia Hills District) should have been included in the Federation of Khasi States.
(x) We cannot say that the hard work of all people is essential if we want to grow and prosper in this period before the nations of the world enter the century 2000 A.D. The empty sense of responsibility and the lack of employment opportunities according to the availability of natural resources has undermined the empowerment of the people in the backward villages.
The Gujarat government believes that the fine is too high and will look into its own laws against driving violators.
Shillong: Last night, some people tried to set fire to a house near the cemetery in Mawbah, but they could not cause serious damage to the house.
When they arrived at the scene, they saw that there was an earthquake and they tried to retreat but at that time the earthquake increased and the people inside were able to escape. They fled and escaped from the ground.
He also gave an explanation on the Meghalaya Sports Policy 2019 and the Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021, which aims to improve the welfare of the athletes.
The march was held from 6.30 pm and marched around the university.
It is learned that the Syiem has summoned these foreigners in the presence of 25 people on that day.
Ramesh Dkhar was arrested on 12th November from Muthlong and Shangpung forest and handed over to the police.
In the second half, Maw-U-Tieng SC scored only 10 goals and beat Nongkohlew SC by 10 goals. Lavinia Warjri scored the winning goal in the 10th minute. the 42nd of the competition.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the Navy and NDRF teams will pump water for the repairs. time changes past and present and has to move accordingly.
The song was performed by the Khasi singer and tyngshop, including Badapbiang Kharphuli and the band of the you tube channel, “Mano Khah Rkhie”.
The Civic Body has demolished three houses and two shops in Jain Colony on Jassian Road, seven shops on Jassian Road and a house with Jassian Road in Kunj Vihar.
Speaking to media, Himanta said, “This bill to ban polygamy will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly of Assam.
Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry at USTM said, “I am very happy.
Mebanjop Hinge scored for Nangbah Mulang in the 2nd minute, Chanhok Siangshai in the 41st minute, Woldrick Susngi in the 69th and 90th minutes and Ram scored an own goal. Bang for 90+5 minutes.
The problem of garbage has caused sleepless nights to the village leaders and the district administration as well as the Jowai Municipal Board which has no boundaries and its only job is to collect garbage in Jowai. field.
Other speakers urged the MDA 2.0 government to fulfill its promise as the residents of Umden who include hundreds of people have been struggling to pass through this road.
“Now the government has allowed passengers to carry passengers as usual, but the fare is charged at the same price during the curfew which has caused problems to the people of Salonsar who ride commercial vehicles,” said the two organizations. They demanded that the DTO should take action to fix the fare and to take action to address the problems of the passengers which has affected their traffic due to the loss of fares.
Ma Swer said the state government or the Indian government should release the mining of coal and set those rules in order to clean up the environment, as per the wishes of the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
The JSU congratulates Berennice Anerict Tang for the fourth place, Kamphereiei Pala for the fifth place from North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Khroo Meda Dkhar from KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School. , Jowai in the first ten positions.
“You say the same thing, saying that the arrangements are going smoothly, but listen to your own ears to what is happening on the ground.
The Prime Minister said that the government will not hesitate to investigate those involved in the riots and will punish severely those involved in the murder.
It is rich in forests, flowers, birds and especially minerals such as coal, copper, selimanite, granite, mica, uranium and others.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the search for the suspects is ongoing.
When asked whether he will contest the MDC election 2014 if he loses his ticket, Bah Chyne said, “I will sit down and I will not contest if I lose my ticket”.
The Sutnga Hima (also known as the Jaintia Hima) as one of the most prominent Khasi Himas, has been in conflict with the British Government since the 19th century. 1774 year.
Shillong: Employees of EMRI 108 under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Worker Union today came to express their dissatisfaction with the employment of EMRI employees who support GVK Company on the They have 125 supporting employees.
With the death of Bah Syntar, the number of UDP MLAs has increased to 7 in the 60-member Assembly.
The meeting was attended by senior officials of the Shillong Municipal Board, Urban Affairs, PHE, PWD and leaders from various Dorbar Shnongs of the South Shillong Constituency.
The work order worth T.33 lakh was handed over to the Seinraij Shnong Cham Cham on Saturday.
The government has also decided to appoint a Peace Committee headed by Deputy Chief Minister P Tynsong and Cabinet Ministers including Hamletson Dohling and Renikton L Tongkhar.
In the morning I heard the wind blowing happily, the trees, the trees, the seij, the pastiehki, the joyful sound.
The purpose of this meeting is to listen to any issues or complaints on any issue and this will start from the 30th of this month every Friday.
Therefore, for urgent needs, the public can telephone the new Emergency Numbers, 1).
She said that after the house caught fire, the young man, who is not a hymen, told his brother not to enter the house. For three years he entered the house where she had lighted up the brother, but because the soul of the brother did not allow him to count himself, he entered the house in the middle of the fire. clang well in order to rescue and rescue his brother.
The Prime Minister said that the opportunity for the youth to participate in these programs whether in the country or around the world will help them to avoid the addiction to drugs or alcoholic beverages. .
“Unless they can run the business quickly, we will never be able to move quickly, so there is a connection in some areas, but I can say that there has been a lot of effort and there can also be some change," he said.
He also urged the Self Help Groups (SHGs), Village Organizations (VOs) and Producer Groups (PGs) to work hard so that they can reopen the lay bye market. near the main road in the village of Ïalong.
Milk contains calcium and vitamin D for the needs and strength of bones.
After leaving the temple, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, visited the famous monuments in Nartiang village and then concluded with a visit to the temple. Soil & Conservation Guest House, Jowai.
The four-day tournament ended in a draw at Sovima but Nagaland won after taking the lead in the first innings.
Banteidor said that he and the Chief Minister will announce in the next few days the assistance to the farmers and in this regard they have already discussed in the Farmers Parliament.
Police recovered a revolver, seven 0.22 rounds, seven .38 rounds of ammunition, one used round, three 12 bore rounds, one mobile phone, money. T.2 lakh, an Air Gun, two Mahindra Thar, and one Maruti Zen, Maruti 800 and Chevrolet Beat each.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Edmund Khongngai said that the JAC has given 20 days to the State Government and NHIDCL to repair the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road. The JAC has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court.
Regarding the admission for Under Graduate Courses conducted by NEHU within the jurisdiction, all admissions will be through CUET except for B.Tech Courses which will require with JEE Score.
“Oh how do you...!! I wish I hadn't met you soon...” replied RidaLinda, who didn't know what had happened, asked.
His refusal to speak publicly in Smit against those candidates who have distributed money, blankets and tiarshet tiartiew in advance by the leaders of those candidates saying one after another, when taken then you have to think yes (which means vote) for him.
Regarding the appointment of Rohit Prasad, the President of NEHUSU said, “We are sorry for the appointment of Rohit Prasad to the office of Vice Chancellor.
I am sure that this contribution of mine to this village will be an inspiration to the government departments as well as to the leaders to do their job properly.
Jesus explained a little when His disciples asked at that time – what will be the sign of Your coming and of the end of the age? Jesus did not tell the time or the year but gave a sign.
Although there were no services, the bells rang in all the churches with the mombai lights.
We are confident that the Hyundai EXTER will exceed customer expectations and reaffirm Hyundai's position as India's most efficient and leading transportation provider.
In another development, FKJGP Jaintia Hills as part of the celebration of its 25th Anniversary, today held a photography and writing campaign around Jowai. on the topic of abolishing child marriage and that young people should abstain from marriage at an early age.
Conrad said the government has also discussed the issue of allocating land to other ethnic groups, and feels that it should think carefully before allowing all ethnic groups to contest as MDCs, but the word Unrepresented tribes should not be represented.
The demand of the protesters to set a time limit for the HLC to relocate the metor area is necessary.
Referring to the MLA elections in Mizoram, Dr Mukul said that the people of Mizoram will reject the BJP. “The people know that the winners are not from the BJP, and there is no new winner,” he said.
In this village, children are slaughtered in the sun and only those who can survive the heat of the sun are kept.
Three persons have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police after they seized 32.5 grams of heroin from a Maruti Car (ML05 D 3783) at Ladrymbai on Tuesday morning.
He said that Thomas Jones as a Welsh (colonized) was not a citizen of the British government, in fact he was a colonized from his own country.
Meghalaya also mentioned that many villages in Kamrup, but as they are Khasi villages of the Khasi Hima, they took part in the Electoral Roll election 1952 in Khasi Hills. .
“They have used force,” said Sohtun, who said that he will take up the demand to amend the Laitkroh Constituency Act, which they want to abolish the Laitkroh Constituency. He said that he will submit the demand to amend the Act by the 20th of this month.
There is no way to avoid a traffic jam.
But how many of us are applied in our individual lives? Even though we may have heard it many times, we know for sure that the Word of God never gets old and reminds us so that we can apply it in our daily lives.
This scheme benefits States and Union Territories that adopt traditional farming methods, promote other types of fertilizers, and encourage the responsible use of chemical fertilizers.
The Village Council of Sonapyrdi wishes Syrosse Lamare a healthy body and that he will continue to help others in his suffering, said a statement sent by Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary of the Village Council of Sonapyrdi.
We don't lack leaders, we don't lack brave fighters to fight hard for the beloved country, we need only courage and unity.
Who doesn't know Cherrapunjee or Sohra, so it will be a state rich in these blessings of God to the environment,” said Dr Mukul.
Not only that, at about 5 pm, the Chief of Police Battalion (PC) of Assam, who has not yet left, has come back into Khanduli area together with his Commando teams from the Khanduli area. Zero point to find the village leaders and arrest them along with the names of the village leaders he received from Bisapih.
All this is because Daniel feared God and did not eat the king's food but said – “Give us only land and water, it is enough for 10 days, after 10 days The king saw that Daniel was better and wiser than all those who ate the king's food.
But yesterday, as soon as the chain was cut off, they were completely broken without delay.
Evergreen lost 10 wickets in 19.5 overs.
Adilbert's speech was supported by the opposition MDCs Banteidor Lyngdoh and Albinus Lyngdoh.
ANWU President Napoleon Mawphniang said the union has sent its demands to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU since 29th June and has given 30 days to the authorities to recognize them. Casual employees as permanent employees who have worked in this school for more than 10 years.
According to the mother of these children, Yummy is a favorite food. “I bought this food for a few dollars at home,” she said. and they became sick, and as soon as they ate, they became sick.
Rahul Gandhi's two-day visit is the right of the Bharat Jodo Yatra.
As a Sunday School child I used to read the book of Revelation and was afraid to read about the dragon, the beasts and the number
On 25th November, 2014, another man named Pherbok Wahlang from Langkyrding (Nongmynsong) who was with two friends in Lum Shillong was shot dead by four persons. and they also wounded him.
Latiplang said that if the NPP-led MDA government does not hesitate to attack illegally and with hundreds of rupees to knieh the CEM seat in KHADC until the rule of the Governor is brought by force. Shillong: If the state government and KHADC really want to introduce ILP, they should protest without hesitation, even if the rule of the Governor comes to the Secretariat and KHADC. Shillong: Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah The Cabinet meeting today decided to approve the draft rules submitted by the Ministry of Labor on the Meghalaya Identification, Safety and Security of Migrant Workers Rule. 2020.
The ED team has issued a fresh statement regarding the summons regarding the intended questioning of Soren over his alleged involvement in earning ill-gotten wealth.
This was announced by Emlangki Lamare, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee, Narpuh Elaka after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma in Shillong.
m Pugh's writing in details.
In this regard, the CSWO urged the Minister to take action to punish the people of this state government so that justice can be restored.
"Sidhu is a man who is very mentally ill and he is a man who has a bomb in his body and will blow it up wherever he goes," Sirsa said.
Regarding the incident, the owner of the pharmacy, has lodged an Ejahar at the Nongpoh Police Station and hoped that the police will take the necessary action and arrest those involved in the theft.
Toi, although there are environmental groups who take care to clean up the Umkhrah River, the problem is that the streams flowing into the Umkhrah River have been discharged with wastewater from the houses of the people and the The garbage dump of the people has increased the pollution of the river.
According to sources from the PDF MDCs, in fact the PDF had an intention to bring about a power struggle this afternoon, but as they have yet to complete their meeting, they said. The meeting will be held tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock in the morning, so that the meeting can be held inside the dorbar.
The decline in economic growth shows the slowness of the government itself as the ILP has not yet been implemented.
Police are still looking for more information.
There are also some schools where I know the principals and headmasters.
The BJP MDCs said that the employees of the council through JHADCSA have met with the CEM and submitted to him a letter to release their salaries, arrears which they should have received and they have understood that they have not received their salaries in October. 2020 will strike and strike.
In Shillong, vehicles including City Buses, Mini Buses, Local Taxis and Auto Rickshaws will run on the 5th and will end at numbers 3 & 4 on the 6th. on the numbers 5,6, on the 7th, numbers, ending on the numbers 7,8, on the 7th, numbers ending on the numbers 9,0, on the 8th, numbers ending on the number ,2 and on the 9th, the numbers ending in the numbers 3,4
She also recalled that she is a member of the Congress party who has been a member of the party for more than 30 years in the fourth generation of the Congress party.
I'm sorry to send you to do such a job,” said the mother. “Why is it that I see even the elderly working?” Deng asked for an explanation. I'm going to do that job now," she said.
“I am sorry to say that MeECL has not responded for two months.
“It was also said that the residents of those areas especially those who own land such as rice fields and farmland on the border with Bangladesh have become discouraged and do not want to go to the rice fields. their.
According to the CCTV footage, it was a terrible incident, in which the killer also used a large stone to beat the child.
“If we do that, it will be like knieh noh the job entrusted to those engineers who have been in the department.
There has also been a rumor on social media about the withdrawal of the Congress candidate before the polling,” he said.
“We have decided to resign from the Congress party after receiving information that the MPCC has decided to suspend Bah Pynshngain,” said Bah Banteidor. day.
The elders of Maweit area alleged that Bah Methodius said these words at one of the public meetings recently, on the Maweit road which was also published in the media.
Shillong: The Assam government has resumed its smuggling activities to try to cross the border of Meghalaya, by arranging for the people to register their Adhar numbers through its officers. Information received by the IB said that since 9th July 2020, these people from Assam have been in the area to collect and misleading the people of Bapli to register their Adhar names.
Shillong, March 27 : To commemorate the 64th death anniversary of the Father of the District Councils, the Rev JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee in collaboration with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday held a memorial service. The competition was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall in which many colleges came to take part.
Any preaching, any prayer in the name of Jesus, the sick have to bow down, sicknesses, troubles, demonic powers, nothing can stand in the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
The Chief Minister said that at the meeting, which was held today, it was discussed to strengthen the health centers in the future especially the oxygen plants to be installed in all the districts.
Shillong: The Congress MDC in GHADC, Stevie Marak, on Tuesday alleged that the NPP led by the Executive Committee of GHADC held a meeting at the Circuit House, Tura on the night of the 11th of this month. they signed the check by forging the date with the 7th of October.
There is that fear, as Marilyn Ferguson said: “It is not that we are afraid of change or that we love the old way too much, but it is that gap between which we are afraid.
In the EVMs, the people don't know where the vote goes after the button is turned off,” said Bah Paul.
At the beginning of the programme, M. Sangma, BLO Supervisor, delivered a speech.
When asked where the money will come from to implement these schemes, Abhishek said, “The state has the money but the Government has no intention of spending it.
To divorce your wife, you must have a good reason and the 28-year-old has a good reason and that is to tell his wife that he has been infected with the coronavirus and has no hope of survival.
The State will have to allocate Rs 29 crore per month for the salaries of SSA teachers. appointment in various departments, dismissal of all retired Government employees who are still working as contractual employees, abolition of unemployed commissions, immediate dismissal of Chief/Political Advisors of the Government and to restrict the movement of Ministers and Government officers within or outside the country in order to reduce wastage of public funds.
Regarding the construction of the road in the village, the leaders of the RBYF Unit, including Evening Shadap as President and Arun Hujon, said that the reason why the RBYF has taken action in They have decided to inform the road inside the village, because they have seen that the people, have suffered in coming and going and in transportation, due to the lack of adequate roads and paths.
He said that all Rangbah Shnongs, political parties and the people are invited to join hands in this protest.
The top NPP leader said that Purno Sangma's vision has come true when the NPP has become the National Party of the North East and the voice of the region.
Nidaioh I Dhar scored his first hat-trick of the season for Evergreen Mukhla.
On the other hand, the mother of the teacher urged that as teachers they have the right to punish if the students do wrong but it should be an acceptable punishment and not dangerous. the lives of students.
education,and www.awakening.com.
This was announced by Lucky Rymbai, Education Secretary, KSU Wapung Unit.
The death toll in Delhi has risen to 2,137, the first sharp increase in the number of cases, with 1,877 cases reported on Friday.
“We issued a rule in 1991 which says that the youth of the church should not take out the activities of the church which is still under arrangement,” said Pastor Phawa. The church will take action against these two young men who have violated the law of the Presbyterian church.
He said that even the doctors and nurses in the district are in short supply and there is a shortage of ventilators at the Civil Hospital Jowai.
The office of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly together with the Election Department of the state has prepared all the necessary facilities for the elections under the supervision of the Election Commission of India (ECI).
The celebration was enriched by traditional songs and dances with the participation of members from different districts.
““The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on the 2nd of March, will announce the ban on the use of plastic.
Members of the JSU took to the streets to hold a flag raising ceremony as a sign of protest against the high price of petrol and diesel on Tuesday.
JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen said that if the government ignores the demands of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEWU), it means it violates the rights of the people.
“The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) has demanded the closure of 14 Coke factories operating in Sutnga District.
I wouldn't be surprised if this time the UDP will have to clean up its own prayer which it has just finished cleaning, how much more if once again it will have to go and thank and pray. I'm sorry for the NPP.It's true that while you're weak, you're still young, you shouldn't and shouldn't, at all, turn your hand that doesn't just open to feed and to give you water, but to turn you into sleep to cover you.
Those who know how to work do not ask for the advice of others.
Meanwhile, Bah Adelbert said that the AD Rule also stipulates that if necessary, the Council will send the name. It happened in 1984 when Peter G Marbaniang was Chairman and SDD Nichols Roy was appointed with the approval of the Governor.
From this March until next November, the registration will continue and there will also be a public hearing on the registration of nominations.
“Ia noh mei,” said the daughter and took the market bag.
Harbax Singh Dhillon urged the Border Force to follow the rules of India and to continue their service by being vigilant against violence, anti-national activities and also to others are bad.
We have the right to protest against the Government when it treats us badly and when it doesn't give us the rights we deserve,” said Bah Rymbai. The right of our humanity is not to come to this place to celebrate or to take medicine.
Jowai: The District Horticulture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has organized a coloring exhibition for plants ranging from Jhur, soh, Syntiew, wild mushrooms, wild mushrooms and others. Um-ngap today at Jerusalem Square, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
On the other hand, Sr Mary said that the State Government has not consulted or taken a decision from the school principals or parents to reopen the schools, but they have received it only through the media.
The topics to be discussed were the High Court order, the amendment of Rule 20 (B) of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules and others.
Its atmosphere lacks some gases, and its temperature seems to be sufficient for life, although it is much colder than on earth.
Sadly, most of the land has gone into the hands of the rich, even in the rural areas.
Nongstoiñ: A woman from Laitnamlang WKHD, who did not want to be named, today lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station on the allegation that her daughter, who is 9 years old and 6 years old, has raped her. month, she was raped by her own father.
They have the power to show who they are.
Furthermore, as a leader of the people, he promised to continue to cooperate and create opportunities for the development of the College and expects that the College will produce many young people. who have the responsibility for the development of the country and the nation.
It is something unexpected and what we have to do now is to join hands again and move forward to complete this work which has been delayed for this reason,” said Dasakhiat.
When asked about the reason for the protest, Prestone said that it cannot be explained because no detailed information has been received, and only when these leaders come will they explain better.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has urged all the Fair Price Shop dealers in the District to collect their permits from the DC's Office (Supply) and to distribute the rice within July 2023, you can use your online e-Post machine.
On the 10th of this month you will have to remember Good Friday at home.
Not only this, the holding of the fair will affect the poor of these villages, said these elders who came with the KSU Sohiong.
This has reduced the time required to travel from Assam to Arunachal Pradesh from 6 hours to 1 hour.
The Mawhati MLA said that at present the PHC has only one AYUSH doctor who has been appointed to assist the doctor.
Are the time to leave the tarpar.
Many Congress members and supporters want Tharoor to be elected because they say he is still stronger in body and intelligence and he is good enough because he can win elections even after. Most of the Congress MPs in 2024 and 2029 will lose to the BJP candidates unlike Kharge who lost the election.
The seed that is planted in the field is less fruitful than the seed that is planted in the field; but if there be any thorns in the flesh, or if they be defiled, they shall be cut off.
He said that the Union has gone out with the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency to discuss the road, but the MLA has said that it has not been done yet. The residents of the village will have to contribute physically and financially to build this road.
“One Nation, One Election is no longer new but it is a long-standing idea, but if you look at the situation in the country as a whole I think it will be good, but if the government does this it will be better. “It's like a threat to those states that will hold elections at any time,” he said.
Some NPI activities may have a sine effect especially in high-risk areas.
Ms Isawada said that the reason for the gathering of the children once again in the city is to find out who else among the participants who have taken part as athletes. With the hope that in these three days, all those who came to take part will be able to break or set new records of this tournament.
The roads in urgent need of improvement are Mawkynrew-Jatah and Thangsning-Thynroit-Mawpyrshong and include the roads in Pingwait-Syniasya, Jatah-Nongryngkoh, Pashang-Syntung-Nonghulew and Umsaw War- Mawjatap-Knowledge.
The meeting was held at Maraikaphon in the presence of TMC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope.
Speaking to Rupang , he said that his final decision to contest the mid - term election was due to the encouragement of Bah Hoping when he was I'm going to be with you.
The lack of adequate drinking water from the PHE department has caused the residents to face many problems, especially during the rainy season as many of the water tanks are small and some have completely melted.
The villagers in the Raij Nongkrem are the same as those in the Nangbah District, as well as the villagers in the Raij Myrwet.
After that he went to teach at Malki Basic School, Garo Hills and finally at Cherra Presbyterian High School in Nongsawlia, Sohra.
Phensedyl is a drug approved by the Ministry of Health, along with Corex and Benadryl.
The match on the 12th will be between 7 Wasa and Nangbah Mulang at 3 pm.
“On behalf of the government, we would like to congratulate and thank all those who have joined hands with the government in the fight against COVID-19 from doctors to police, officers from various government departments, The village leaders and all the people involved,” said Prestone Tynsong.
She said that the law should prohibit this practice of children.
Besides, the engineer also suggested that if the electricity bill increases too much, inform them to send for inspection of the meter and to resolve the problem of the people.
The Enforcement Department of the District Council should increase the inspection of Trading License and Labor License from day to day so that foreigners will not be able to do anything. Almost all the jobs that foreigners do or do, the indigenous people can easily do.
I always loved being on the road driving from place to place and getting to meet different people.
This comes after the High Court took note of the statement of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the Border Roads Organization (BRO) that the Umiam Bridge should be replaced with another stronger bridge. to support the daily traffic.
They were also encouraged to cultivate khambun in the coming years so that they can sell and feed themselves.
Who is free to speak.
Shillong: The National President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Vijaya Rahatkar today arrived in Shillong to inaugurate the Sewa Saptah of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Besides, u Bah Kharkrang said that these days people around the villages and places respect and clean up the places of worship, places of sacrifice, which have been created by man but they don't know. but to cleanse the surroundings and the environment created by God.
" When considering this nature of the earth under the sky, the GEOGRAPHY of the English word refers to the meaning of the Khasi word MEIRILANG.
Speaking on the accusations against each other, the RDA candidate said, “As a tipbriew tipblei, I would like to say that it is wrong to accuse and criticize each other. Let us start with our own actions that we are clean, there are people who feel clean to the point of cleanliness and try to prove it by beating and accuse others of being thieves, corrupt, and robbers.
And when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:
C. They should complete and take all the medicines prescribed by the doctors and should not leave them for a while, and they should also consult the doctors to check whether the illness is cured.
This comes after the GNLA Re-group (GNLA-R) issued a statement on its decision to revive and form a group on various issues in Garo Hills.
The union also demanded that the border talks with Assam should include the rules that have existed since the time of the Federation of Khasi States, such as Clauses 1, 2, 4 and 5 of the Annexed Agreement of the Instrument of Accession, which was received and signed by Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India and the 25 Khasi Hills, on 17th July, 1948; However, the party is disappointed that the government of India has not recognized the soskular.
However, he said that when they called for applications, they did not mention that they needed a certificate from the NCI. You must have received these Certificates for at least 10 years.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday renewed its office bearers for the term 2024-2
He added that if the KAAC entry tax gate has been removed, peace has returned to the Assam-Meghalaya border area which borders West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills District.
The order states that the incumbent Chief Secretary has conducted the meetings of the Committee during his tenure as Additional Chief Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. long man can time.
It is said that Vang wanted to help Katrina because she used to complain that the child had a different personality and was very clean.
It has been seen in this life that people who have not yet surrendered to the Lord do not have the fear of God.
If you search the internet you will find that there are many arguments about religion to explain what it means.
Students were urged to follow the safety measures and stay away from crowded places for 14 days and parents were urged to cooperate in the fight against coronavirus to keep everyone safe.
Vichai was accompanied by his beautiful daughter Nursara Suknamai, his assistant Kaveporn Punpare and the pilot, Eric Swaffer, who used to fly the helicopter of the King of England and his girlfriend, who The helicopter's pilot, Izabela Roza Lechowicz, was killed in the incident.
In Madhya Pradesh, it is still going well.
“The media should also look carefully and vigilantly so that the news they provide from now on should be constructive because they have a role to play in informing the people because not only we. legislators cannot improve the minds of the people, but the media has a big role, so we have been able to express to MEPA that we have no intention of targeting anyone or but let whatever comes out of this statement make us think that we should not allow such misleading news to appear in the state.
The incident happened at 2 or 3 pm this morning, when a sudden fire broke out in one of the shops inside the Bhoirymbong Market. to visit other shops inside the market.
The collapse of Armenia was a major victory for Aliyev as part of his ambition to gain independence for Nagorno-Karabakh and Baku.
We have already discussed with the Chief Minister of Assam that in fact we want to get all the disputed areas including Block I and Block II,” said the Symbud Mynri Rangbah.
The Inspector General of BSF, Meghalaya Frontier said that the BSF has already sent a proposal to the Ministry of Tourism at a cost of T.1 crore to provide the facilities at these two places. Meghalaya, to build infrastructure, such as toilets, water, and others.
He insisted that the BJP has nothing to say on the demand for a review of the State Reservation Policy and said, “We don't want to interfere with the policy.
Therefore, it is better for them to stay at the border and not in public places.
Seven members of the All Meghalaya Skay Association (AMSA) have qualified for the 24th National Skay Championship which will be held from July 23 to 26 in Kurushestra, Haryana.
Meanwhile, the department has warned that there will be thunderstorms and heavy rainfall in parts of the state in the next 24 hours.
Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President KSU Mawlai Circle, while speaking on the occasion, recalled that the award should have been held last year, but for the sake of the people, the ILP protest was held. have to be moved.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC have become the first team in the Shillong Premier League 2023 to reach the semi final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 after beating Rangdajied United FC on Saturday. Irat SC won 2-1 at the SSA Stadium at the Polo Ground.
“In the party, politics, the people seem stupid, but I don't believe this.
Such women have glory like jainkup ryndia.
Post-truth means that evidence is worthless except for personal opinion.
Alfred Lyngdoh, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, said that the HYC has found that there are many Benami jobs in the area. work related to factories.
Referring to his election to the UDP, he said that he has been in the party since the beginning and he is also a strong supporter of Bah EK Mawlong but he has been with the Congress party only for a short time. When asked whether he will take over the post of President of Umroi constituency, he said, “I don't want to do that. I will always be a member to work for the party, I don't like to leave like others, the leaders will remain as leaders,” he said.
“On the border, we cannot say that we need the amendment of the North East Organization Act and the Sixth Schedule, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Baphra Schedule, the demand for economic development. “In all aspects and as a state we need a lot from the Government of India and that is why I have decided to nominate myself to contest the MP election,” he said.
You don't have to follow the path of a fad diet to reach your goal of weight loss or weight loss.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 34 cases including 24 high risk cases, one ILI case, four cases from Laban cluster, four cases from Mawprem cluster and one case from abroad.
He said a joint committee has been set up between the engineers of MeECL and the Public Works Department (PWD) to consider the construction of the bridge at Pung Umïam.
These words shocked the young man and he fell asleep there.
Shillong: The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo, Shillong, on Tuesday commemorated the first death anniversary of Lurshai Hynniewta, Ichamati. People (FKJGP), Bah Wellbirth Rani, while speaking at the meeting, said that when there is any incident, the members of the Sengbhalang are arrested as soon as in the past years. KSU and FKJGP arrested and detained in Tura and Williamnagar jails, photographs of arrested members released The Meghalaya Prevention Detention Act (MPDA) has announced that these members will be imprisoned for years, but the surprising thing is that no one has been seen yet. Wellbirth asked the Government to put those involved in the murder of Bah Lurshai in jail, to publish their pictures in the newspapers and to prosecute them under the MPDA Act. “Why are you so quick to take the members of the Sengbhalang to Tura and Williamnagar jails and charge them with the MPDA? Why are we who we are? Why do you separate yourselves from other nations and forget your own flesh and blood? Are you in power to look after the flesh and blood or to look after whom?” Wellbirth said, “As the Sengbhalang we have to strengthen our shoulders, our hands and feet. , our physical and mental strength because we know that if the Sengbhalang doesn't stand up, nobody will speak and nobody will look at anyone”.
“This is a misuse of the law by the police, who are afraid of being dismissed,” said the CSWO. The CSWO asked in a statement today.
Airilang Khongsit (29') scored the third goal in the first half to give the team a three-goal lead at the end of the first half.
Today, there are 91 cases in Manipur, including 82 males and 9 females.
Nongstoin Police Station has informed the public that if they see such a young woman, please call or immediately inform the OC of Nongstoin PS at 9436162472/7
The uniqueness of the country and the nation as established by Longshuwa Manshuwa since the beginning of the world has become a myth and no one values ​​it anymore.
Speaking on the importance of public participation for the success of health initiatives, the Prime Minister said it is one of the main reasons for the success of the campaign. we shall destroy the leprosy.
You are in Shillong.
The meeting was chaired by Bah MAH Syih. The meeting was attended by TBn EW Kharsohnoh, Director of the Institute, Rev. SR Dkhar, Chairman of the KJPA Youth Assembly, Rev. SS Majaw, Chairman of the KJPA Youth Assembly, Rev. SS Majaw, Director of the Institute. Moderator of KJPA and others.
With the loss of wickets, Tura District Association A scored 64/7 in the second innings, which is 203 runs which Tura will have to score on the next and final day.
On the other hand, the Lapangap Village Authority will also have to be vigilant when the CRPF comes especially to allow the villagers to go to their farms without any problems.
Therefore, he urged other parents to support the implementation of the NEP so that Meghalaya can become a state that can compete with other states in education.
The CEM's remarks came after the opposition alleged that the CEM had used force to own the Council's funds up to T.28 crore without any knowledge of the MDCs from the constituency. .
“We will continue our protests and fight until these young people get jobs in various government departments and demand their rights,” said the leaders. you Union.
And the right of freedom of life, which was established to live in nature, no longer exists in these areas near the uranium mine.
The blast did not cause any damage, police said.
He also admitted that the Congress will get 11 or 12 seats from Garo Hills and that the contest will be with the TMC and not with others.
According to the agreement, we should already be a State because we have already been agreed in the name of Khasi States and we should have been declared a full State from the first Republic Day on 26 January
He said that his RTI request was to know how much shyiap, mawria and dewbilat were purchased, but the BDO did not answer but gave a general answer which was not satisfactory.
The Chairperson of the Women Commission, Theilin Phanbuh, said that the Commission will write to the Union Minister of Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju in protest. Theilin Lyngdoh said that the insult to Tailin Lyngdoh is a violation of human rights and the Women Commission demands that the leaders should be punished. of the Delhi Golf Club as permitted by law.
“We are a place of ethnic conflict between Garo, Rabha, Hajong, Koch, Bodo, Mann, Bengali, Bihari, Muslim, Nepali and we live in peace and harmony but if these people continue to do these things “We are afraid that it will lead to ethnic discrimination because most of the time they shoot only the indigenous youth,” said the JAC leaders. The JAC also criticized MLA SG Esmatur Mominin for his distrust and protection. They were arrested by one of the sons of Bothu Sarkar and Rakiip Rahman and Hoju Bepari.
Police said Rajesh Manji was shot dead by the villagers who caught him when he fell from a house near Kondotty.
There is also evidence that it inspires; especially from the 'balajied' to fight without limits.
“However, as I said, I don't want to rush because these are the first things that are happening in the state, we may have mistakes that can delay the work.
The inspection was led by Bah Artison Khongstid, General Secretary of FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, Bah Debos Chyne, Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Byrnihat and other members of the party.
Shillong, July 28: The CSWO has expressed its deep sorrow over the death of Yoris Khongjoh (40) and her nine-year-old daughter from Sankhat village in Muktapur of Amlarem Sub Division.
He attended the PGTI Qualifying School in 2014 and participated in the Chief Ministers Cup 2014 held at Shillong Golf Course. ).
net.
“Please give me some of this money so that I can spend it for my old age,” he said.
Why don't you pay only 5000,,,I don't have to pay tens of thousands of dollars.
One of these employees, Kasparlin Iawphniaw, said this after a meeting with the Prime Minister.
Regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, he said that instead of helping the people, they have stolen the money of the people and the ration to distribute to the poor has been seized in Guwahati. instead of delivering it to the people of Meghalaya.
In another match, Smit SC and Nongrah SC shared 10 points after a 1-1 draw.
“The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) have 17 goals and these interrelate and therefore the UN has set a goal to achieve equality in all aspects of society. income generation and to preserve the natural resources for future generations.
Therefore, I have taken this decision for the sake of the Council,” said the Nongshken MDC.
You want to wait.
The tournament is scheduled to start on the 26th of this month and will be divided into three categories, Under-14 for boys and Under-17 for boys and girls.
It is said that this child started playing this kind of sport, when he was 10 years old, with the guidance of others.
There are 154 villages in Meghalaya which have not yet received electricity.
The Dorbar Khliehshnong also requests the neighboring villages to look after and work together in the fight against the illegal entry of people from other places so that it will not cause any trouble to the area. whole.
Mumbai: A group of Christians have condemned the title of a book written by Kareena Kapoor and filed a complaint with police in Beed, Maharashtra, against her and her husband on Tuesday. They alleged that this action of these has seriously affected the faith and feelings of the Christians, the sources said.
Nongpoh: Two accidents have happened at two places on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, one at Mawdiangum Nongpoh and another at Sohbhala Umsning. bring about the loss of two human lives.
The Chief Minister said that the police have sent information to the North Goa Police Station, Panaji and then to the South Goa Police Station, Margao, to search for the suspect. runar, you don't have this bag; However, the police of these areas said that they could not find the man in their areas and sent information to the Police Commissioner, Kolkata; However, no information has been received from the Kolkata police and information has been sent to various Indian police, but no reply has been received.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The 7 mer road in Upper Shillong has collapsed on many sides of the road and these items have been broken by an unidentified vehicle and several children. Many of them are still on the road because the elders have allowed the children to pass by saying that maybe he is a bad person.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kitbor said that he has been involved in the production of films since the first film Ki Laiphew Syiem until now.
God clearly states that Jesus is the Son of God.
We are very grateful to this great man from across the sea who gave his body and soul for us.
“The Council stands on the ground that the granting of citizenship rights to foreigners is illegal and unfair,” said the petition sent by CEM Teinwel. State Government of Dkhar.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marwein said that the village will lodge a complaint with the police to track down the people involved in the theft of the transformer from the village.
Jowai, November 29 : U MDC of Mynsngat-Khanduli, Dawan Lyngdoh, who is also the UDP candidate for the MLA Election 2023 from 1-Natriang Constituency, has expressed his concerns to the residents of Mynsngat-Khanduli. The villages on the border with Assam (Karbi Anglong) from Khanduli, Lapangap, Mookoiram and Artiang Sanphaw of West Jaintia Hills District.
An allocation of T.200 crore has been made for this programme.
We need visionary leaders and youth who build the future with hope.
According to information, more than T.51 crore has been allocated for the construction of the road.
Galatians 3:19.
The three-day tournament will end on July 2, with 850 students from all 12 districts of the state.
About 500 tourists who were planning to visit Lachung and Lachen have been stranded at Chungthang.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) is pleased to announce that Bah Teimiki Sungoh, a resident of Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills, has been selected by the Association to participate in the He left the state for further training at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI), Darjeeling, West Bengal.
The Hynniewtrep which was part of the ancient Khadhynriew trep.
Regarding the recovery of the body, no one is quick to say when it will be recovered, as the mouths of the helpers have been sealed by the district authorities.
Many of the country's leaders have come to follow in the footsteps of Meieit Spelity.
Jowai, Nailar 30: The Hill's Farmer Union West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that they cannot accept the statement of a man known as Bah H Dkhar who does not claim to be a jhur trader. , by calling the Hill's Farmer Union 'Dalal'
Himanta immediately replied on Twitter, saying, “Honble Zoramthanga ji, please investigate for yourself why the people of Mizoram are holding sticks and stones and trying to burn “We urge the people not to take the law into their own hands and to allow talks between the two governments,” said Sarma.
Dikanchi has sent her resignation letter to the Chief Minister on the 26th of this month and in the letter she has shown that her resignation is because she wants to leave. MP election for Tura constituency.
“We have received information that the tourism industry in Sikkim has not been affected by the implementation of the ILP and this is after consultation with government officials and various organizations working in the tourism industry in the state. " said Mr. Khongsit.
“With the cooperation of the opposition, in 2024, the TMC will rule the country under the leadership of Mamata Banerji as the Prime Minister,” he said.
Ri-Bhoi Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene to conduct investigation. It is suspected that the fire was caused by a short circuit in the wires of the truck. of the truck, and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The total number of recoveries is 12,186 and the death toll is
But now he has appeared once for all at the end of the ages to take away sins by the sacrifice of himself.
Sanita Jyrwa from Wahsohlait and Idaaiijingsuk Lyngdoh Marshillong from Pongkung won the first and second places, respectively, with cash prizes of T.80,000 and T.50,0
The Center has been built on the land of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Raid Kongthong, which held an emergency meeting on 6/4/2020, has decided to temporarily ban foreigners from entering Kongthong from 8th June 2020 until I don't know what to do.
Both the teams have already met in the Group stage, where EGH won by 12 runs in a rain-affected match.
It is understood that the new district will be in Sohra.
However, all the questions that they have prepared from their copies or notes for the past ten years have been completed as expected.
He said that if the leaders and government officials want to know how much the people are suffering, they should come and try for themselves to walk from Mawdiang to Nonghawei, even if it is during the They are strong enough to understand and if they are sick they try to walk from Mawdiang to Langdongdai for seven hours.
Health, education has remained the same, and as it turns out, this government in these five years, has no idea where to go but has just carried out the work until it reaches and that is why. Therefore, it has caused a lot of trouble in the working methods of these departments which are the blood vessels of the lives of the citizens of the state.
“Yes, Ma, I came here to rest at home,” said Maheh.
Politics : the world, politics should not be spread; the earth is the place of the dead; The hima is the synrop of the raij of the kurs who rule within the boundaries of the territory marked in one land.
Rev.Fr.Martin Shylla, speaking on the occasion, besides sharing the Word of God, urged the elders, women and youth to be the weapons to fight against those who many crimes have been committed within the boundary of the Diocese of Jowai.
According to the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger (IPS), in several media reports; The clash between the Kuki and Meitei groups in Shillong, happened at about 5:30 pm near the Mizo Modern School in Nongrim Hills.
The tournament has been played in 60 countries around the world with India ranked 29th.
Regarding the order of the Court issued on 12th June that the Central Government should respond to the HC's order to deploy 10 pyrtons of Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) to monitor the smuggling and transportation of The Union Government through its Muktiar Dr N Mozika has informed that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has requested the HC to give another 4 months for the illegal mining of coal. “Because the Central Government has asked for time regarding the order to deliver 10 CAPF personnel, we will consider this again in the coming days and we will give 15 days. to the Central Government,” said the order issued by the Court.
in/covid or phone 8787520449/ 1077 as directed by the District Administration as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 in the community.
He said that the union has also produced national and international referees including Romanium Syngkon, Riiohlang Dhar, who started her refereeing career from WJDSA and has conducted football in Shillong. He was awarded the title of FIFA Assistant Referee.
This will enable the families of those who lost their loved ones in the Mukroh incident to get a fair trial.
I wonder why our civil society organizations are silent on this issue, if it were the Indian Khar who said such a thing I think they wouldn't sit idly by for many years they have been threatening and burning it. you are singing.
It is estimated that thousands of people will attend the meeting. He said that some villages will close their villages and some villages will have two villages. his ïng.
The Shillong Manipuri Students' Union (SMSU) in collaboration with the All Manipur Students' Union (AM-SU) on Sunday held a rally at Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah, Shillong to protest against the “This is part of the show of solidarity with our beloved State – Manipur which has suffered the ethnic violence since January 3 this year.
In other countries, forests have been burnt down in order to plant palm trees and it has been found that the palm oil industry has destroyed the environment, forests and displaced indigenous tribes. ).
The union invites all the market residents and the public to attend this public meeting in front of the DC office to demand one voice for a clean environment to avoid the darkness of the market and avoid the spread of diseases. They are produced in such a way that they affect the public and the residents of the neighboring villages as well as the entire village of Jowai.
“The only way to recover the bodies is to drain the water from the crematorium, but then the body will be broken into pieces and there are no relatives who can recover the bodies,” said one of the victims. The owner of the coal mine in Lamyrsiang area has been arrested.
And this country seeks peace.
The villages, which have been severely affected, are Wahkdait, where the Rangbah Shnong, Bah We Talang, said that he has received information that there are many indigenous trees, which have been destroyed by the cyclone. .
S.K.N Now, when she thought of Niakha's words, she decided that if she could leave the house, she would go with Niakha.
The total value of 50 liters of IMFL liquor and 30 liters of beer worth T.35,000 were seized.
However, it is sad that this initiative of PA Sangma has not been followed by the rulers who have come after him.
Another road is from Ladumsaw to Krang.
On the Reservation Policy, “We have to think carefully because the youth of Hynniewtrep or Garo want jobs and if we as leaders are wrong it will lead to differences of opinion between these two communities. you don't have to be in the same state"
Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, leader of the group, recalled, “We are Christians and we believe as the Bible says that faith without works is of no value.
He said the BJP government has tried to introduce laws that will cause harm.
The union will also request the government to upgrade Laskeiñ Block to a Civil Sub-Division and also to create a C&RD Block Namdong Area as Thadlaskeiñ Block has too many villages. bring the public to the block office.
“We will hold a meeting on the 14th November to discuss this issue,” said Bah Blah. He added that nothing can be said yet but it will be up to the meeting to take a decision and act. you need it.
Mawlarshong SC beat Tiehrit SC 5-1 in the final which was held at Mawkadiang Stadium, Nongstoiñ.
“This is part of the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as in the past few months the Government has declared Laitkor Pyllun as a Containment Zone.
Members of the KSU, who are searching the trucks carrying mawshun before they enter Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah G Basan, the first General Secretary of the KSU, said that the KSU was formed in 1978 to fight for the welfare of the Khasi students at that time. He said that the results were also thought out by the youth who were concerned about the violence against the Khasi youth and the violation of their rights in schools during those years.
At the hearing, the court issued an order to appoint a friend of the court to conduct a further investigation into the case by a friend of the court. the court) and he will investigate the entire matter, on the arrest of MLAs and MDCs. The judge asked, “If so, where do they get their salaries?”, said the MDC.
Winning the toss, Tura chose to bat first but SCA took the opportunity to tied well in the first half by scoring 174/6 in 25 overs.
The house where they live has been destroyed and they have no way to repair it. Besides, they have received a shelter on the land of the Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited. .
On the other hand, the Minister also paid tribute to the contribution of the former leaders of the state who despite many difficulties were able to start the formation of the board in 1973, when the state was still in power. It was created after the partition of Assam.
In the first innings, Kevin was supported by Kush Agarwal who scored 64 runs off 168 balls and took five fours.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Minister of Urban Affairs, conducted a detailed review of the four projects under the Smart City project.
To fight against the corruption of these parties, we must unite and work for the welfare of the people.
Also present on the occasion were Principal W. Diengdoh of Sohra Academy, Ex NYVs, Bah S. Shati of Shella Block and S. Phanbuh of Laitkroh Block.
There have been those who have distributed some schemes but the MLAs have been ignored as happened in Mawsynram where the scheme was distributed and in other places.
It is to be recalled that the KSU Laban Circle has built a tin house along the road at Maxwelton Estate on the morning of 29th June to accommodate the homeless Khasi.
They are the only two candidates who have been elected to the Lok Sabha this time.
Police have remanded the suspect for three days on a case registered at Shallang Police Station under Sections 188/34/379/120B IPC and Sections 3 (1) 21(1) of the MMDR Act. , Section 15 of the EP Act and Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act.
The poor condition of the roads is also a cause of traffic jams as drivers have to drive slowly.
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that the purpose of the meeting was to provide information and complaints to the Syiem regarding the smuggling of foreign vendors on the footpaths. The Hima and the Syiem may take appropriate measures in this regard.
“We will all witness a great and special moment....
“We elected him (Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew) as Rangbah Shnong because he is a teacher of the village school and he is educated because the villagers are illiterate,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Circle in collaboration with the Lamjingshai TI Project will hold an awareness camp on HIV/AIDS at Mawlai Phudmuri Nongmadan on the 6th of this month. at 10 o'clock in the morning.
After the meeting with the SDO of Sohra, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, he said that the Sohra area is in dire need of rice and other household items.
In this northeastern part of India, many people are skilled in arts and crafts.
It has always been the case that these political parties are trying their best to raise more money for the campaign or election campaign – to attract the voters to support the candidate. their.
It is alleged that these people have joined hands with Khasi students from all over the hostels to commit this crime.
Meghalaya has 2354 villages without roads.
A few changes to curb this obesity in children are, parents need to ensure that their children, are eating nutritious foods according to the requirements of the body including foods do not contain protein and fiber.
Sadly, the head of the hospital and some of the doctors who are the heads of the health departments do not agree but are angry.
The struggle of the land dealers has been successful although it has taken longer because even the state government muktiar has accepted that the law of the state government is not in line with that of the central government, she said.
“I just asked but maybe I'll meet with those friends.
Handing over the checks to the self-employed individuals and groups who have been screened to receive the funds through CM-Elevate, the Minister said, “We want to create a culture of of your own establishment.
After receiving a tip on the presence of Pick-Up vehicles, which were trying to smuggle coal, by passing through another road, the Police have arrested these vehicles. These Pick-ups (ML-10 B-0083) driven by Freddy Mawlong were arrested by the Ri-Bhoi Police. , ML-10-7292 was driven by Fleming Suting, ML-10A-9701 was driven by Romingstar Shadap and ML-10A-7674 was driven by Spin Nongrum.
A plane operated by Saratov Airlines crashed in parts of Moscow today, killing all 71 people, the Russian news agency reported.
A total of 25 colleges are participating in the tournament.
Tirot Singh died as King in Dhaka in prison on 17th November
During the trial, the court heard how the top management of the Western American Football Federation (CONMEBOL) had been paid more than $32 million in embezzlement. as part of the corruption scandal that threw FIFA into a lot of trouble in
Salahuddin was arrested from Golflink, Shillong while he was smuggling in the area. Salahuddin said he did not know anything about his arrival in Shillong. that when he was loaded into the car his eyes were blindfolded and after a journey of many hours he was brought to the spot.
However, last month, the stadium also collapsed.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare under the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program (NTEP) has launched a Community Support Initiative (NTEP). individuals, groups of people, such as civil society, political parties, chiefs, ministers, village leaders, banks, cooperative societies, companies and others, who are willing and agreed to provide assistance to TB patients, those who do not have access to medicines, food, tests, those who are not included in this programme, travel expenses at the time of treatment which is at least 100 rupees more than 20 years.
The service with prayer and singing will start at 9:30 AM on Sunday, followed by the Holy Mass by the Priests as a sign of thanksgiving to God for blessing the faithful of God. The church has been on the road for a hundred years.
Therefore, the vendors did not block the road, but gave a helping hand," the union explained.
Meanwhile, the 70-year-old school in the village has been built at a cost of Rs 37 lakh.
And they proclaimed the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in Samaria.
In Mumbai and Delhi, work is underway, and it is hoped that it will be cleaned by 2024-2
The Minister said that the Ministry of Education is also grateful to the Ministry of Finance for the allocation of funds from the Corpus Fund last month.
The main reason for the rejection of Aadhaar is because the photography (not photography) of two faces and 10 fingerprints of each person, each of which It is known in English as biometric data collection.
It is on this basis that I would like to share with you some of the symbols of knowledge and ideas developed by E. Jerome McCarthy, an American Professor in the 1960s called Marketing. Mix taken from his book, “Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach” especially to get information on how to do business in agriculture for farmers and entrepreneurs.
The people should intensify their protest that he should step down,” she said.
If we all fight as we please on the road, many tragic incidents will happen.
GST revenue collection in October, 2021 was Rs 101.75 crore which is an increase compared to Rs 58.55 crore in October an increase of about 73.78%.
Rymbai until the end of the first half also struck Rangdajied who tried to score again.
The Seng has warned the people of the area not to do benami and also to any foreigners who come to take advantage by coming to work or invade the land of Hynniewtrep because it is discouraging. Therefore, the youth of the country are unemployed and if such people are found, the organization will do whatever is necessary.
This is eternal life and it is heaven.
Upon receiving this news, the people became angry and burnt their job cards.
However, after moving to Nongstoin, she was arrested by the police on the 30th of November this year.
He said that the BJP Government has completed the construction and implementation of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong which the Congress Government has neglected for decades and NEIGRIHMS has now become a great blessing to the people. public.
The march was also attended by the Sur group of Mawlai.
The opening ceremony was attended by the members of the Executive Dorbar, the Sordars of various villages under the Hima, the parents of the children of the Hima and other other.
“However, there are many issues that I often raise with the State President for the development of the party especially for the rural areas with suggestions to take into account the party's position in the country. the last elections in Meghalaya,” he said.
A short meeting was also held on the occasion which was conducted by Bah Arban Wanniang, General Secretary of the party.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Assam MLA Dr. Man Sing Rongpi said it was a meeting to discuss the issues on the border between Meghalaya and Assam. He said that she should not talk about the border issue as it is the responsibility of the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
Currently, Meghalaya has 1988 TB patients who have agreed to receive support from Nikshay-Mitra, out of which 513 patients have received assistance through 59 Mitras. registered.
Hamletson Dohling said he would take the matter to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for action.
We also strongly condemn the BJP for politicizing the lives of stupid people, and the surprising thing is that even the RSS followers of the BJP don't understand the need. of hospitals, health centres, schools, roads, development in the country as a whole except for the Ram Mandir which they want to build the tallest statue in the world.
Let us see what the people of Assam are thinking of doing something to this state, but it has been seen that now the people of Assam have known and seen all the villages. , the villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia, because the AS vehicles, which come to smuggle, have bills, those who carry jhur, those who come to sell tusok are also Khar Assam and when they come (imat) they have bills. to the eyes that have not seen the condition of the Khasi country.
At present, there are about 1700 Catholics in Nongthymmai Parish alone.
Compared to 2021-22, in 2022-23, sales of nano urea increased by 55% while sales of urea increased by 4%.
How far that is the light, the people are now in the dark.
How to prevent Covid
Later, she said that she had collected the pela sha and taken them to the clean room near the shetja house (Rupang was taken to the cleaning room by the owners of the house).
BDO Langbang, District Sports Officer Ma K Passah, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Daniel Khongsit were present at the ceremony. ASSA General Secretary Dap Tariang in the presence of the relatives of Phrangki Buam.
The Border Road Organization (BRO) has been responsible for the incident.
The Commandant of CRPF 67 Bn, Polo Hills Head Quarter, Alok Bhattacharya, recently gave a training session at Mawprem, Shillong to the youth to learn how to join the CRPF. He called upon the Khasi youth to come forward to defend their country and to be the guardians of peace and stability in the country by joining this department.
The residents of Bakur Dorbar Shnong Amlarem Sub-Division West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday gathered and gave 10 days to the Dolloi of Nongtalang Elaka to convene the full Waheh Shnong Election Dorbar.
Furthermore, in the letter signed by the Waheh Shnongs of Psiar and Khatkasla, they alleged that these policemen in Tiehwieh do not have the authority to patrol the border villages.
Jowai, June 05: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 10th June 2013 at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
He who comes to invade shall be the owner, and he who is not the owner shall become a slave to the invader for a while.
The race started at 6:30 pm from JN Stadium Main Gate at SRGT Main Gate – Golf Club – Lad Shyiap – MPPS – Lad Sanker – Mawroh Junction – FCI – MeECL – Shillong Secondary School – C.R. Gate – SRGT Main Gate and completed at the same place JN Stadium Main Gate, Polo Shillong.
Despite the tensions with Israel, the US military chief has reportedly visited the Middle East to see the situation in the region.
This question arises from the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
With the availability of CCTV/cameras and staff, we expect that this will not only reduce traffic jam but also ensure the safety of children going to school”.
“Why delay? They must do this work.
“On the use of ethanol in petrol, the associations across the country have tried to oppose it, but because the whole world has used it in the country as well, they followed this.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, on Saturday, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the bridge from Jaiaw Umpoliew. in Jaiaw Laitdom to connect with Mawlai Phudmuri.
The shores of the sea, the highways are desolate, The darkness has covered the mighty land.
There was a tragic incident, in which a Hindu dressmaker was beheaded and the killers showed themselves in the video; They killed the man just because he supported Nupur Sharma and posted it on social media.
Similarly, when the perpetrators or murderers are sentenced, the media is informed, and this intimidates others.
“The government has done politics because it knows that the Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC is led by the ARPA which is the umbrella of the ethnic parties.
Nichanlang Pale – D Pharm 88 percentage, 15.
Regarding these issues, the CEM advised them to seek proper information by taking their names and explaining the place where they work. to the District Council, so that the District Council can take all necessary action.
He also praised Dasakhiatbha Lamare for being a good leader who has done many things to bring about development not only in Mawhati Constituency, but in the state as a whole and more. that he is a young and strong man, who will be able to do many things, which will be of benefit to the people of the state as a whole.
One of them was the decision in the case between the General Manager, Southern Railway and Rangachari in
Among the Meghalaya bowlers, Akash scored four wickets against Sik for 4/46 in 23 overs.
“I often want to have sex, but I don't get a chance and so it's not right to love each other so much,” she decided to write a letter between them.
Meghalaya Police today rescued Arvind Kumar Branch Manager (BM) of SBI in Ampati from the hands of militants at 5 pm from Milliem village. you don't have John Damalgre.
He said that this land is still within the boundary of Lapangap Village, Shilang Myntang District and is also an agricultural land.
Their wish is that India should be self-governing and should have independent governance like in their country.
Up to 165 farmers participated in the event with the participation of scientists from ICAR-IIWBR, Karnal and KVK.
There was also a craft fair, singing competition, general quiz, karaoke open to all and a live performance by the district icon “Chi-iung”.
Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he shall rise up against you.James 5:4-6
Both the students are from North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
Therefore, if the UDP can lead the government, there is no problem to have a Khasi Prime Minister.
I have definitely not been elected to clean your toilets.
“But this will start with me first.
The names of these HSPDP office bearers who will leave the party are still being kept secret, but they will announce when they join the VPP. to encourage Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit to hold an indefinite strike at the Additional Secretariat.
“To you the residents of Darrang, who live outside the village especially those who live in Shillong, Ri Bhoi, Jowai, Amlarem and other places, please stay temporarily in all the places where you live. The Rangbah/Secretary of the Shnong shall notify the Rangbah/Secretary of the Shnong.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the trucks carrying the coal have received the shallan from the state government and these shallans have been allowed to carry only the coal. dewiong you have not caught.
After playing against Haryana, the Meghalaya players are now happy to get a big victory.
Where is the Local Government of Meghalaya? What is the corruption in Meghalaya?"
Bah AL Hek has been appointed to the Department of Animal Husbandry, Fisheries, Printing and Stationery and the Secretariat Administration.
To date, the distance has been between 6 and 8 months.
Therefore, the BJP has strong hopes that there are already many candidates from the National People's Party (NPP), UDP, Trinamool Congress (TMC), Voice of the People's Party (VPP) and many of them don't have a strong vote bank,” he said.
Those who want to learn from the Bible.
On July 30, Assam Rifles seized heroin and foreign cigarettes worth T.2.07 crore at Zote and Zokhawthar of Champhai district.
In a statement, the Information Secretary of FKJGP Riwar Mihgi, Bah Evanfield Khonglam, said that the search and rescue operation was conducted at 2 pm. the movement of public transport.
Therefore, let us judge here the Hynniewtrep Jaidbynriew according to these rules.
Siddharth Banerjee of Star Cement Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 12, 2023 at about 8.30 pm, unidentified robbers stole 3,000 coins. Bolts and Nuts, 47 Insert Plates, 110 Drill Assemblies and 222 Slotted Assemblies, worth T.1,88,17,808 crore from the Company's warehouse.
At a meeting between the NPP Mawhati leaders, held on Saturday at Mawlasnai, they announced and confirmed that Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh will be the NPP candidate from Mawhati Constituency.
This house is used to house the office of the Labor Department, West Jaintia Hills District or the road from Ladthadlaboh to Moosalyngkat.
He said that the garbage dump which the government has planned to set up at Umsawli is still in trouble due to the opposition of the people.
God answered his prayer.
The Seng Khasi has paid tribute to the 16 founders of the Seng including Rgh Rash Mohon Roy Nongrum, Chandranath Roy Dkhar, Kupardon Dkhar, Mohon Roy Rynjah, Rubi Singh Swer, Borton Hynniewta, Raibon Singh, Nalak Singh Iangbla, Joshon Tariang. Said Sing Dkhar, Ram Charan Dympep, Robert Dkhar, Rajin Shon Marbaniang, Nadon Roy Diengdoh, Ruton Muni War and Indromuni Jyrwa.
In such cases, the date of death is the same as the date of admission or earlier.
Netflix has reportedly planned to spend up to $2.5 bn to produce South Korean OTTs as the company understands that South Korean OTTs are very attractive and can also to attract spectators.
The bodies of these two brothers will be buried on the 19th of this month.
There they saw the same man who had met and kept meeting with them.
