“The employees of GHADC have not received their salaries for six months,” he said.
The program was enriched by two songs by the Village Organization (VO) Marshilong and the Marshilong Youth Association.
For more information please call:
The incident happened at around 7 pm while people were busy paying their taxes at this place.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah EK Lapang, expressed his gratitude to the family of Bah Evansis Jones Myrthong for the construction of this parking lot. This is not only to commemorate the father of their family, but through the existence of this parking lot will benefit the residents of the village.
It also grows better in areas where there is some sunlight from the trees.
Because despite the absence of Sunil Chhetri and despite the team's defeat, the players have learned a lot.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EKH: 43, NGH: 1, RBD: 2, SGH: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 9 and WKH:
Dexterity : you must be able to work very carefully.
The Government of India has already prepared the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018 which requires comments on the Bill, whether it is sufficient, more or less. Justice DY Chandrachud's findings will be announced at another time, if necessary.
Shillong: Following the silence and incompetence of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government to implement the demands of the SSA teachers, on 14th November 2021, the SSA teachers under the shatri The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has strongly condemned the irresponsibility of the State Government at Madan Malki. to pay the salaries of SSA teachers, which has been postponed from one month to another and this action of the Government has caused a lot of trouble to the teachers.
In this regard, these people have held a meeting to discuss the issue of revival of these organizations.
At the meeting held at the JHADC grounds, many of the speakers strongly condemned the Chief Executive Member and all the MDCs of JHADC who are just like day sleepers by not thinking about the land of the JHADC. by informing the residents 'that Khanduli is a tree that protects against the invasion of Assam'
It is learned that the teacher, while sleeping with the kidnappers, tied tightly the door of his house and when he opened the door, he was attacked by the kidnappers. I'm still stepping today.
The mistake of us as the people to elect leaders is that we don't elect leaders on a good basis. shon and jyrwit wat of us as a nation is struggling from time to time.
I say this for the common good of all religions in this world.
But only three days after the covenant was made, it was found that the Gibeonites were lying and had not come from a distant land.
“We understand that the need for funds is huge and as the leader I will try to ensure that all the requirements of this hospital are met, by adding all the requirements of the Civil Hospital Shillong. “It should be here in Mawkyrwat so that there will be no more sending of patients from Mawkyrwat to Shillong,” said Bah Renikton.
It was in 1967 that the Kur Nonglang cut down all the trees from this sacred forest because there was no more lehniam and kñia ka khriam.
“The UCC has existed since ancient times, it is a personal law, why do you want to create differences, why do you want to divide the country.
Because although Russia has a large number of troops and powerful weapons, but Ukraine has not been defeated and the Ukrainian troops have not been defeated in the battle with the Russian troops, but they fought each other, and even Russia suffered great losses.
This special meeting was held after the participation of hundreds of youths from different parts of Shillong.
After the meeting, the leaders of HYC, NHP, HANM and HNYF also met with the parents of Kitborlang to encourage and donate money as a sign of solidarity. to this family which is in the midst of great sorrow and poverty.
The program will be broadcast live on Doordarshan and Swayam Prabha Channels of the Ministry of Education of the Union Government.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBF) today expressed its rejection of the MoU signed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The collection of Congress ticket forms for the candidates for the 2018 MLA elections has been going smoothly.
However, for now let us conclude – “the more it is closed, the more it is still clean: the more it is struggling, the more it will be dancing: while it is about to throw umpjah, it will become more and more stirring”.
“We have gone to inspect to find out the truth after receiving a complaint from the farmers that the lack of supervision of the market has deprived them of their livelihood,” said the BJYM leader. In fact, the farmers have benefited a lot from the opening of the market during the time of the Society because they are closer to transporting their vegetables, the cost of transportation is lower. , with the kit.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (AMDWU) has decided to hold a march on the occasion of the National Day of Domestic Workers. On the 16th July 2022 at 1 pm from Madan Iewrynghep to Madan Malki.
The purpose of this scholarship is to encourage students from the North East to continue their studies but it is unfortunate that only students from Meghalaya have not received the scholarship. This scholarship is available to students from other states in NE.
The Union leader said that the ASHAs of West Khasi Hills have taken to the streets to hold a march because in the past few months, the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Worker The Union, have conveyed their demands to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who said that she will discuss their demands with the Chief Minister.
Shortly after, Mizoram beat Delhi 2-1
Gaurav Dutta of West Garo Hills beat Jeffreyford Lyngdoh 21-16, 21-11 while Enrique Syiem of Ri Bhoi District beat Banshanlang Pariong 21-1 Raynel Kharbuki of East Khasi Hills beat Banshanbor Lamare 21-9, 21-14 while Dabiangsakani of West Jaintia Hills beat Banshanbor Lamare 21-9, 21-1 They beat Baphishisha 21-18, 21-12 points.
Therefore, you are reminded to bring your EPIC or one of the documents that can identify yourself and that can be accepted at the polling station according to the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India - such as valid passports. Driving License, Service Identity Card, Public Sector Undertaking, Public Limited Companies, Passbook, PAN card, Smart card issued by RGI under NPR, MNREGA job card, Health Insurance Smart Card issued by the Minister of Labour, Pension Payment Order without photograph, Official Identity Card issued by MP, MLAs, MDCs or ADHAAR cards cannot vote.
However, when it comes to the reasons for the increase in population, it cannot be said that the rightful increase of the indigenous people is very small, but the increase is due to the migration of the indigenous people. Foreigners and this is something that puts the land owners at risk of being overwhelmed by other high paid people who come from outside the state while the owners of the state remain the same. same.
On this occasion, the HNLC has made it clear that it has agreed to hold peace talks with the Meghalaya government as well as the Indian government.
The Secretary, District Legal Services Authority, East Jaintia Hills District, said that any victims or children, relatives who have suffered and been discriminated against from crime and who need financial assistance and support according to their needs. They are eligible to receive this assistance through this scheme from the District Legal Services Authority.
In collaboration with NARI Fresh, 1917iTEAMS has been able to assist in the distribution and delivery of the Chief Minister's Quarantine Care Package to 22,375 households during the lockdown.
On arrival at the venue, a public meeting was conducted by Oinsinora Kharbani and a speech was delivered by Merryjune Marsing President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 13: The election for the 2023 Legislative Assembly of the State of Meghalaya, may be very crowded and will also be an election, which the voters will not count. They will appear in the world in the morning and in the evening.
The man took the weapon and put it inside his house.
Civilized : means tipbriew tipblei- tipbriew tipblei is already a Khasi proverb which shows a character that is strong in the good and prosperous aspects of society in which it carries the meaning of civilized.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: Due to the decline in morality in the society, the slow implementation of development projects and the difficulties of the youth in finding jobs and others, the elders of the area Nongstoiñ, including school teachers and retired government employees, have decided to form a special association known as the West Khasi Hills Senior Citizen Association.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lorenso P Warjri, Working President, Meghalaya State Kick Boxing Association, said that the KSU has remembered to honor these youngsters who have brought glory to the state. Meghalaya and this will encourage the youth to continue to play Minot more and more with great joy that all the youth who took part in this tournament have won medals.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today approved the Goods and Services Tax (GST) of the Central Government.
Not only that, it was reported that another 1.5 million units were purchased in the same form, which were purchased from another company and these too did not work at all and this has caused a lot of trouble to the company. the British government, which is working to recover the money, which has already been paid to these companies.
“He is very sure of what he means for tomorrow and what he told me when he was 22 years old has come true,” said Riniki Bhuyan Sarma.
Shillong, welcomed and arranged how to bring about the peace of all the employees of the company here in Shillong and also gave promises and witnesses for the smooth running of the work without intimidation. thanks to all the employees of the company.
On the current electricity shortage, Mukul said the decision of the previous government showed that it had acted for the benefit of the state.
Taking part in the discussion on the Budget, Dr Mukul said that the order to conduct an inquiry by the Deputy Commissioner was issued on 4th July,
About three hundred years ago slavery was abolished, but now in this age slavery has appeared in a new form and there are cases where it has been enforced by law.
(vi) We are still alive as a nation and there are still people who have a sense of responsibility.
The program will be held on the 3rd of this month for 1-Nartiang A/C, 2- Jowai A/C, 3-Raliang A/C and 4-Mowkaiaw A/C. The DC has directed all booth level officers to be present at their polling stations.
At the same time, he said that the government through the DCs, has sent a message to the people to be vigilant at this time due to the storm, cold and other natural forces.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Urban Affairs, said that the government is ready to invite them to listen to their views. The solution to any problem is only through coming to the negotiating table, not to demonstrate in the streets.
“After implementation, we will see whether they are sufficient or not and if they are not sufficient, we can say something and not even demand an Inner Line Permit,” said Bah Blah.
However, when you go for a walk or to buy medicine in the months of spring, you only hear the songs WAT LEH TYMBUM TYMBUM SE THEI, FATHER OF THE COUNTRY, MOTHER OF THE COUNTRY, DO NOT SHAD WITH ME, IT IS IBALIEH IT IS IBA IONG and many others. which I have not jer lut.
“We should appreciate the work and efforts of this government to resolve this issue which has been going on for a long time in a smooth manner.
In reply, he said that the union will continue to strike until the government and the relevant authorities can resolve this issue even though they have to be affected in their income. The needs of the household because it is not useful to go to buy cows when you get only those that are sold at a reasonable price.
Speaking to media, DIG BSF SK Singh said the purpose of bringing these village leaders to Balat is because after the assumption of office by the new IG of BSF here in Shillong. He wants the people living in the border areas to get to know each other and unite by taking the people living in the border areas from one part of the border to another.
On the UDP side, there are some members who have left and some who are still joining. The party has not seen much change, but the slight loss for the UDP is that There are those constituencies where the MLA of Shella, Bah Donkupar Roy, won well in the last MLA election and now these constituencies no longer fall under the Shella Constituency in the MDC. T. Dkharka of the UDP, Bantyngshain Rynga of the Independent candidate, Pyndapbor Saibon of the KHNAM candidate and Pynthymmaibor Chyne of the Congress candidate.
“You as the voters of Tura have supported my candidacy in the mid-term elections and you have won me by 8500 votes.
She decided to take care of the crematorium as a tourist attraction.
They should also establish jobs that have a market so that their jobs will not be destroyed.
So, if you’re going to go somewhere, you know those people you recognize in public are good people.
The SCCCOMDF, has clarified on the letter from AL Syiem of Nongstoin Hima and said that it regrets such incidents, because both the organizations, are involved. The case against the coal industry in the Supreme Court.
Speaking to reporters, Kennedy said the Congress will continue to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 as it has done in the past.
Shillong: The football tournament organized by the Tuber Kmai Shnong (TKSCSC) has come to an end on the 5th of this month.
Ban Wandonbok also appealed to the owners of private vehicles to take responsibility and say something on this issue if it affects them too.
On the other hand, Samla Ribok N Biam President of JSM-WR said that their visit today is only for the purpose of discussing how to bring peace. and Carbine Peace Committee).
They also requested the Chief Engineer to take action on their proposal to get the transformer of this village as soon as possible. to meet all the needs of the people of this area.
Many social media users have raised questions regarding the expenditure of government officials on travel by helicopters and other aircraft.
In Delhi, the Congress did not win a single MLA and the BJP won only eight MLAs out of 70 members in the state assembly.
Hemon Phawa was elected as President, Vice President K.Dhar, Secretary Nidaiohi Sari, Assistant Secretary Daiahun Phawa, Organizing Secretary, Deilang Mukhim, Education Secretary Chanbor. Pala, Information Secretary Poimi Pala, Discipline Secretary Emanuel Ryngkhlem, Finance Secretary Arlangki Mukhim, Publicity Secretary Pius Rymbai and 12 members of the Executive Committee.
Speech was also delivered by the son of Bah LG Shullai, Bah A Lyndem who spoke on the contributions of his father to the nation whether as a writer or a politician.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the state government has taken steps to bring the body of Archbishop Most Rev Dominic as soon as possible. Located in Shillong.
The two women were arrested after the head of the Iranian parliament announced that the Iranian government will not allow anyone to violate the laws and regulations. especially the women who do not follow this law and who do not cover their heads as usual.
In a long interview with Rupang, Bada said that besides the HSPDP is a small party, the expulsion of its members and leaders is from one party to another. “How can the President dare to claim that in 2018 he will hold power when only those who do not exist cannot hold it, he expels them, what I am afraid of is that “If in 2018, the HSPDP will be destroyed,” said Bada.
The mother said, “Father, it is better that we implement a plan.
In fact, Bah Hek did not need to make public the statement made by Bah Metbah to the Presidential candidate and which was interrupted by Bah Sanbor.
Last month, the Minister of Arts and Culture and MLA of Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai urged the state government to find ways and means to help these people. The households who worked in the house had to stay at home and were treated at NEIGRIHMS Hospital after being shot by the Assam police.
“We have also informed the KHADC and we expect that when we pass through this place again we will see the original name,” said the statement.
Regarding this road, according to the public announcement posted on the village streets, the length of this road is 4 km and the construction started on 4th June, 2012, but Shillong, June 7: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has divided the polling stations into three parts in preparation for the Lok Sabha MP elections. that place is not considered to be the most dangerous place that needs to be taken care of, the place that needs to be cautious and the place that is stable or peaceful.
The growth and development of the country depends largely on the availability of electricity.
Through this day, the village has also inaugurated a public toilet, which was built at a cost of T.3 lakh. The opening was inaugurated by Bah RR Kharbuki, MDC Umroi and who was the chief guest on the occasion, in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Pherlus. Mawroh, Stephan Shadap, R Lynshing, Bhalad Mukhim and other elders and residents.
The DC said that after receiving the approval from the State Government under the leadership and supervision of Bah HK Thabah, MCS, Addl.Deputy Commissioner, I/c Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division, a group has been formed. to the Gazetted Police Officers, Commerce and Industries for the purpose of demolishing and demolishing the Atoskhana of 57 illegal coal mining factories which have been built without proper CTE and this has been started. from 8th November 2023 to 15th November 2023, up to 13 Atoskhanas of these illegal coal mining factories located at Nonglangpar (Kyllonmathei) at the co-ordinates (i) 90.9035105 (ii) 25.5224573, 90.8992605 (iii) 25.5201515, 90.9032912 (iv) 25.5185800, 90.9041807.56.5277 (vi) 9207 5.5128946, 90.9028738 (vii) 25.5138295, 90.9038863 (viii) 25.5146504, 90.9051718 (ix) 25.5146671 (6 940.29). x) 25.5177594, 90.9006992 (xi) 25.5191951, 90.9023759 (xii) 25.5214483, 90.9009416 bad (xiii) 25.5212888, 90.8993075 la dep ban pynbthei bad ban pynpra noh ïa ki.
Dr. KK Nongsiej, President of Mawten Village Youth Association, gave the welcome speech.
Speaking at the election campaign for the UDP candidate from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, Dr Donkupar said, “According to information, the Government of India has decided to suspend the proposal to mine uranium in this area. you are in the state of Meghalaya”.
Therefore, no one should be expected to think about the area surrounded by a forest from the bottom to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng.
He accused the state government of saying that the central government has always given back the share to the state government but it is the state government that has done wrong and does not use the money.
Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary of the Nongpoh Town Committee, said that the committee was set up on the basis of the directive issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to set up the Market Committees. The purpose of this Committee is to ensure the smooth running of the market in accordance with the directives of the government to take precautionary measures and prevent the spread of COVID-1
It is shocking how these drug dealers are trying to deceive the young school children.
“This is a great loss to the people who need medical assistance,” he said.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the state has witnessed severe damage including road damage, flooding of houses and landslides.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 627, bringing the total number of deaths to 4,0
“I don't know if there is a lot of uranium in the state, but I don't know if it's anymore and the party doesn't want to do anything about it. peaceful".
This was announced by TR Laloo, Controller of Examinations, Tura.
The fourth anniversary of the SKM government was held four days after the full date as the Prime Minister was still in Delhi.
The HYM East Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow to see that these incidents from time to time are increasing in the country.
The Congress is no longer a small party, but its name has spread all over India and even around the world and as the oldest political party in the country, it has been known. don't be afraid, don't be afraid, don't be afraid.
“We are still waiting for the confirmation from the Prime Minister's Office whether he will come to witness the programme, but we have not yet received a reply. Obviously, the program will go smoothly as it should be and as soon as we get information whether he will come or not we will let you know.
There were also discussions between the Police of Ri Bhoi District and Kamrup District Rural, to conduct joint patrolling in the border villages of the area, to curb robbery.
When asked how many types of guns he knows how to shoot, Africa said he knows how to shoot four types of guns namely rifle, stay-gun, machine gun and others. The Prime Minister of Bangladesh, on Tuesday, visited the soldiers who took part in the war and honored them.
The light was not due to load shedding but due to the collapse of a tree branch near the National Highway opposite the office of the District Transport Officer, Jowai.
He said that the action of Karbi Anglong to appoint Nepalis to collect taxes at the four gates should be strongly condemned.
If the government does not succeed, the FKJGP will not hesitate to search and expose those people who have entered many government departments and also those who helped to recruit them, said the FKJGP.Shillong, Naitung: A fire has destroyed a house in Nongrah, Lummyrboh.
The first match of the day was played between Summit Academy and Madanryting Sports Club on 11th October.
Although these poor households still have some shortcomings, the DC said that she will take action to provide all the necessities, so that it can help the health workers.
Tanushree Dasgupta retained the title in the women's singles by adding another gold medal.
A cash reward will be given to anyone who can provide information on the incident and keep it secret or not make it public, said the Supreme Court on Tuesday. has directed the Central Government and the Government of Manipur to take special measures to provide protection and assistance to those residents of Manipur who have experienced and faced Manipur has been in trouble since the 3rd of this month.
“This government has no idea and no governance and has affected the dignity of the state,” he said.
In a letter signed by the President of the KSU, Lambokstarwell Marngar, Vice President Shemphang Lyngdoh and General Secretary Donald V Thabah, the KSU said that the Khasi and Garo people They are small in front of the whole of India and the Government of India's intention to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 will be a terrible threat.
ai has been operating in Shillong for about a year and has about 300 employees.
Regarding the border demarcation, he said the party relies on the leadership of the Chief Minister of Assam Himantabiswa Sharma to take a decision in consultation with the ethnic groups living in the Langpih area. He said that the Seng will look into what the two governments decide regarding Langpih.
When you see the order of the High Court GOM that is not in accordance with the law, you have to tell us not to release the dam.
Police suspected that the girl was raped and later murdered.
Never assign anyone to give attention to your husband, people may do everything else but your husband is your own responsibility.8.
Isn't it true that we all have a part in politics ? Religion also plays a significant role in politics.
Furthermore, the cost of treatment is very expensive, not only medicines, hospitalization costs, you should also eat and drink with the best of the best, so that you recover quickly.
Through this song we understand the mindset of Jesus Christ and what caused him to live, suffer and die on the cross, and how throughout his life he counted and sacrificed himself for others.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Friday urged the state government to review the SOPs for obtaining licenses and mining leases for coal mining.
Therefore, the goodness and wisdom of Lucifer Satan are in vain, for his end is in the lake of fire of hell.
The State and District Emergency Centers will also be strengthened.
When God created the earth, He also set a rule so that the waters would not stray from His law (Prov. 8:29).
On the part of the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, he paid tribute and praise to the residents, village leaders and land owners who have stood up to protect the land without fear of the Assam police.
After a thorough investigation, the villagers handed over the suspects to the police.
Unlike those who choose subjects that benefit themselves.
In the photograph, it was seen that the Taliban militants had forcibly taken the young woman from the house, although she had refused to leave.
good job Meghalaya Government.
The General Secretary, Seinraij Mukhla, Ma T Sumer, said that there are no restrictions on this occasion and everyone is invited to witness the Behdeiñkhlam ceremony, the last before the harvesting of the seeds. .
Shillong: Speaking on the occasion of the Republic Day celebrations at Polo Ground on the 26th of this month, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Tuesday said that the Government of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has reviewed the work done by the government. the growth of this state.
“The investigation to track down those involved in the kidnapping is ongoing and it cannot be ruled out that there may be a conflict between the victim and the kidnappers.
He said that the residents of the area, face difficulties in coming and going and especially during the rush hours and especially during the rainy season, that the road is full of people. and that thliew that syar suda.
He said that the news in these days that they are giving Japanese injections is wrong and the people should not be afraid to give injections for Japanese Encephalitis.
The book “Ka Thma U Kada” Part – 2 has 224 pages and its selling price is T.
Shillong, July 29: In an effort to train boys and girls in soft skills including confidence, clarity of thought, communication and communication, (Communication) and Human Values, AVENUES has organized the Annual Winter Workshop from 6th to 27th July
The shopkeepers also carried placards reading, "We have the right to live and eat," and "We want right but not cheating," and spread carpets to sell their goods such as soh, jhur, slippers, headscarves and other items.
The fighting in Panjshir intensified on Tuesday in the fighting between the Taliban and the National Resistance Front (NRF).
The Chief Executive Member (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat has donated T.50,000 to the fire victims in Ummulong village on Thursday.
Arban P M ArbanOn the mawramrongA man sits thinking, A young man In the land of dreams.
Kumar is understood to have informed the authorities that he will discuss the matter with the authorities, but media reports said that the decision did not come from the Shillong office, but from the Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Tyrso Area, Ri Bhoi District, has organized a public meeting to protest against the establishment of a police station by the Assam government at Umru Block-2, Ri Bhoi District. There was a call to demolish the Police Station, but it went smoothly without any disturbance and the construction was immediately stopped.
The film Jawan, directed by Atlee and starring Shah Rukh Khan, is doing well in India and around the world. reached Rs 328 crore in India and Rs 600 crore worldwide.
However, if someone writes against me, I will write more detailed, clearer and longer later when the writings of others appear.
Joydeep Ghosh (4 overs: tied for 7 runs: 1 wicket) and Lukhu K Anal (4 overs: tied for 32 runs: 1 wicket).
At the same time, the Prime Minister said that the new government will take care to complete the remaining works especially those which have already laid the foundation stone.
Phrancis Dkhar Secretary Mookhep Village Council expressed his gratitude to the MPUF for its efforts to help the villagers.
Out of the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi, two are from the Congress, two from the NPP and one from the PDF. It should appoint one of these non-Congress MLAs as Minister.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Many of the projects proposed to improve the city of Shillong have been stalled due to the lack of land.
The Ministers in charge of the Hima Mylliem said that the Dorbar has been convened on the direction of the District Council to discuss the issues related to the conflict that has arisen in the Hima Mylliem. province.
The Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MLA) has also elected Bah Julius Dorphang as the former MLA of Mawhati. A meeting was held to renew the leadership of Mawhati Constituency in preparation for the 2023 election.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Meghalaya Social Development Society (MSDS) has conducted a two day training program on income generation for SHGs in Shillong on the 20th of this month. and 21st of this month at KJP Assembly Conference Centre, IGP, Shillong.
Risukdashisha Giri Marwein was named player of the match for her 4/2
He said this while addressing a group of academicians at the function of handing over the funds to Tura Christian College under the Government's People's College Grant (PCG) in aid scheme. .
I have a vision to open the door for everyone to have the opportunity to live and live according to their vision.
It happened as God had said to Moses, “If you go out, you will not go out” Exodus 4:2
About that time Deisy came in to sit with me.
The area, where the mawbah fell today, is the same area, where about 3.4 vehicles collided last year.
Sangma said that the CT scan is not working at the hospital.
The Government has sent students from here to higher education in all kinds of jobs.
He said that the AJCCTA has now got a Secretary who understands the problems of transporters because this new Secretary is also a transporter and not like the old Secretary (Kyrshan) who is not a transporter. but he was appointed without paying a salary, said Balen Thubru.
E.C.L to improve or replace the posts even after a complaint and notification from the village.
“The Church feels that if the UCC is introduced, these special provisions and rights for indigenous peoples will be affected," they added.
As the Symbud Kong San, Bah Teibor also expressed his happiness that he was remembered to take part in the 25th Anniversary of the school.
When this is the case, it is necessary for us to fight for our own borders to preserve our own country and nation.
Based on many suggestions, the meeting decided to hold another meeting as part of shaping the future of the players who have come forward for the state.
Interestingly, there are 51 countries that have not yet experienced any deaths even though the Coronavirus has reached their countries.
Other speakers included Pastor (Rev) F Sancley, Bah J Wahlang and Bah OS Thangkhiew. They said that the village still needs many assistance from the government to make the Center Village a model village, such as footpaths, village roads and others.
Jowai, June 27: Two persons have been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills District Police for allegedly raping two girls.
They were born in the presence of their relatives and friends.
At the same time, he said that the establishment of the LDRB at Sabuda in Block-II was welcomed by the people of the area and not to go to Assam or anywhere else.
If these roads are completed, it will benefit the people of the state in all aspects.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 372 active cases in the state.
Deacon Marshall Wahlang of Mawkyrwat Parish and Deacon Phrangsngi Lyngkhoi of Rangblang Parish.
After this, I sent the report of the dorbar to the Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer, Sohra Civil Sub Division (Supply) for recognition and approval by the Office.
From the interview with the MDC of Mawlai, it is understood that he has now dissolved the old Congress party in Mawlai which has been in existence since the time of Bah Founder (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) but has changed it completely since “We have changed everything and this has been approved by the Shillong City and the MPCC,” said Sawkmie, who is also the Vice President of the Congress Shillong City.
The budget has now increased to Rs 3000 crore, and the emphasis is on building quality and sustainable infrastructure to cope with many challenges related to water supply dih,” said the CM while briefing on the State Water Policy and other schemes to combat climate change.
Rupang also asked the Syiem of Mylliem Hima what he has to say about the order issued by the High Court in the past two months, which has abolished the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong. “We have not seen that law, we have not received a copy or any writing that it exists, so we don't know anything, because we have only heard and seen,” said Pa'iem Latho.
There will be a special arrangement to visit the two new and unique bridges in Meghalaya.
Shashi Tharoor, 65, MP from Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, will contest the seat against Mallikarjun Kharke, 80, MP from Karnataka.
The Meghalaya government has promised to pay 1000 tyngka per month to the construction workers and others as part of their assistance during the lockdown. in India.
The project will also cover about 62 villages, and the area will cover about 27,138 hectares, in 10 Hima/Elaka.
Nongstoin, Naitung 10: The Congress party in Mawshynrut constituency, has become weaker and weaker, due to the lack of trust by its members and office bearers due to the turmoil among its top leaders. by the Seng.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Khasi language is one of the 45 languages ​​on the list of 8th Scheduled Languages ​​of India. the source of the constitution.
Speeches were also delivered by MLA Eugene Lyngdoh, MDC Lamphrang Blah, Secretary Education Department R Rapthap and Rev. JR Thabah. and the Principal of the College, Dr.B Kharkongor.
He said that according to the information or records, the number 108 is more quick to provide assistance to the people in need.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today in a meeting with the media, slammed the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma for his allegation that the state government is in power. On the other hand, Bah Anthony L. Nongbri, Working President of the NPP Shillong City, said that the NPP Shillong City has taken stingy and deceived the people of the state to introduce the ILP. He asked what he has done on the issue of ILP during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister. Dr. Mukul Sangma also rejected the issue.
Speaking to media, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that the Village Courts have been in existence since ancient times where the villages will hear small cases within the villages. this needs to strengthen them.
Shillong: Police of the ANTF East Khasi Hills, together with the police of Rynjah PS together with the residents of the village, raided a house of a smuggler in Lapalang. Police have seized 8.471 kilograms of Yaba tablets worth T.1.8 crore at market price. The tablets were imported from Myanmar and were supposed to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
How do you speak English?
He concluded by saying that the party will continue to wait until Assam returns the Langbang Nangphyllut Dolloship and Pangam Raliang to Meghalaya.
Shillong: There have been 352 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Other districts have 80 per cent employment in West Khasi Hills, 78 per cent in Ri-Bhoi, 55 per cent in Ri-Bhoi, 72 per cent in West Jaintia Hills, 66 per cent in South Garo Hills and 80 per cent in North Garo Hills.
There are those who cannot reach the goal, and there are those who cannot for various reasons.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: After the preparations of the state government to open the Patharkhmah Model Degree College which is one of the training centers to make it easier for the youth of the area that they don't have to go to distant places to study. , especially the youth of Ri-Bhoi Sepngi and Ri-Bhoi District as a whole, but the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Ri-Bhoi Sepngi under the leadership of Samla RC Thangkhiew who is the President of Ri-Bhoi District attended the meeting. Other members of the union visited the college and found many shortcomings in the college which is planned to be opened by the government.
We too have the authority to issue orders, but we feel that we don't want to create a spirit of ethnic discrimination among the citizens of the state.
The NPP Government has built many roads across the State,” he added.
The Rangbah Shnongs who attended the meeting held at the Indoor Stadium, Mawapkhaw Mawdatbaki, unanimously decided not to hold a public meeting to explain more about the issue. The Revolution was led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, former MLA of Nongkrem.
Therefore, to improve that sector, the cooperation and involvement of all the residents is required.
Thousands of Catholics attended the 100th Anniversary of the Salesian Missionaries' Service in the North East and Jaintia Hills (1922-2022) at Immaculate Conception Mowkyndeng on Tuesday. You are God.
In the last MDC election in 2009, the UDP had nominated Banalari Khongwar and this time it is not known whether Banalari will contest again. .
After the appearance of the Niakha, there was a heated discussion about the Niakha of Rida and her Panah.
Mohrmen said that besides teaching various farming methods and rice cultivation, the training will also teach fertilizer making, pesticide making, fish farming and even tit cultivation.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) in the past few days has worked hard to eradicate drugs by conducting raids in areas and places where drug trafficking and consumption is high. .
The residents of the village have expressed their distress regarding the money, this is when they go to the bank to withdraw money from their accounts to use during this time of crisis. I don't know why the account holders have spent many days to get the money. Therefore, we Rangbah Shnongs request the authorities to Please help us especially in this time of crisis. This is according to a statement from the following sordars:-.
If you want to avoid lyntaid words, you can use Roispahhi or to earn money only for yourself or your group.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY scheme for AAY and PHH ration card holders has been released for the month of April 2022 to all wholesalers to deliver to Fair Price Shop Centers in the District from 29th June to 15th June,
Lambokstar Marngar, Kitborlang Nongrem and Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle in the presence of members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the public. who came to cheer on the young players of both teams.
Speaking to reporters, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim Pa'iem, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, said that on this day, thousands of children of Smit village came out to complete this task. which is part of the sign of the beginning of the preparations for the annual festival of the Hima.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M.Diengdoh said that from time to time, the district authorities have conducted programs in schools and villages to raise awareness among the public on the importance of cleanliness and how to collect and dispose of waste in designated areas separate perishable and non-perishable items such as plastic, bottles and tins and aluminum items separately .
He said that so far there are 42 villages in the constituency which have not yet reached the road and 34 villages in Khatarshnong area alone.
The purpose is for the wicked, so it is clear that if anyone (righteous) receives that mark on his forehead or in his hand, he will drink of the wine of the wrath of God.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the heavy rainfall in the state has caused severe damage and to deliver relief to the The Regional Committee of the villagers was formed yesterday.
In this era, NGOs, SHGs and Government Agencies have emerged who are willing to protect the environment.
The Association of Drivers has encountered many problems in the road between the NH-44 which is a road where even a horse cannot travel.
In the past few days, we have been reading about the plight of our Khasi brothers and sisters, who live in Them Barak, where for 8 years, they have not received their Scheduled Tribe Certificate, but, one organization or the so-called Tribal Sangha.
Modi first used the Maybach S650 Guard when he met Russian President Vladimir Putin at Hyderabad House a few months ago.
Netherlands midfielder Matthijs de Ligt was sent off for touching the ball in the 55th minute of the first half. strongly in U Schick.
(James 1:12) Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. (Matt. 5:4) , the only thing I am sure of is that God does not want His children to be deceived by their enemy (Satan). forsake your anxieties.
Lyngdoh said that this year Sohiong will get a college which is expected to start with the BA 1st year.
Anderson now has five wickets behind Ashwin with 864 wickets.
Shillong: Two persons have been arrested by Meghalaya Police in connection with the IED blast at the Police Reserve in East Jaintia Hills district on Tuesday.
Speaking on the contest against the wealthy candidates in the constituency, Bah Ardent said, “I lost only 76 votes in the last election and my defeat was because I was too strong to say as far as I am convinced, my emphasis is not that money, I am not too worried about the opposition, my own emphasis from first days is to educate the public".
The Field Director of Namdapha National Park and Tiger Reserve – Aduk Paron said that the team has set up 10 cameras in the forests of Deban area. Last week that the group received good news.
Rangshken: The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, on Tuesday said that he does not need to blame others but he hopes that these are the guidelines of God.
He said that the world has moved forward to talk about artificial intelligence (AI) which does not lead itself but encourages the youth to apply for peon jobs in the secretariat. ,' he said.
On the other hand, the party cannot accept or pass the Ordinance without amending and enforcing the right to protect the Bri u Hynniewtrep, said Bah Ranee.
Up to seven people including five residents of Mukroh and one Assam Forest Police, were killed in the firing by Assam Police in Mukroh, on 22nd November,
“We have to be patient, we have tried to work hard in the past five years, and we hope that under the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, we will be able to develop the state from now on,” he said. Gavin said.
The Principal of the College Dr. DG Lyngdoh in his opening remarks said that guidance and training is essential for the students to understand and know what they want and what to choose for their future.
The polling was close in Ampati and last night, less than T.5 lakh was seized.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : Out of the six MLAs from three political parties in Khasi-Jaintia Hills who left their parties and voted for the National People's Party (NPP) in the last elections, only Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Donald said that while the Rajya Sabha session is in progress, the KSU members are ready to continue their protests if the Rajya Sabha is approved but what happened today is what happened today. that it is the victory of the fruit of the struggle to protect the country and the nation.
It is the road connecting Barak Valley, Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
I will still meet with other people as well as my lawyer.
Shillong: The news of the corona virus, continues to be the news, that the readers of urupang.com, want to know.
The HYC has said that companies employ foreigners only in Grade IV jobs or as sweepers or chowkidars. The answer is that there is no such rule as to give jam to the owners of the state.
From the market to Khyndai Lad and even other villages, the cleanliness of the public places has increased from year to year.
He said that the IGNYTE Rain Coats have also a light to protect the police at night. The IGNYTE Rain Coats were handed over by the CEO of Frank Yamaha to the Superintendent of Police, Bah Sylvester Nongtyngnger. SP Traffic Dr. Dara Aswaghosh and Deputy SP (Traffic) Mac Joel Marngar.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the facts and as of now, police are waiting for the post mortem report to determine whether it was a murder or not. that thou mayest take away thy life.
“Two persons were killed and three others seriously injured when a stone fell on the National Highway between Dimapur and Kohima at about 5 pm today.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: U Lamthij Garod, one of the strongest members of the Mait Shaphrang Movement (MSM), has resigned from his post on the 8th of this month.
In many cases, the people remember these festivals more than the Passover.
Similarly, the MDC from Nongshken will contest only from the UDP or BJP but if these parties do not give her the ticket, the parties will lose her because of her defection.
Professor Stephen Hawking has died today at the age of
One of these French scientists, Etienne Simon-Loriere of the Pasteur Institute, Paris, said: “It is far beyond understanding.
The injured are the Waheh Shnong Kyrsiew Kharbithai and the Secretary in charge of the 100 days bill scheme.
Speaking to reporters, Bah BB Makdoh said that three hours after they lodged a complaint against the YouTube channel at Nongpoh Police Station, the police found the YouTube channel. He congratulated the police for taking action without delay.
The recipients of the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award were Smti Sanme R Marak, Joint Resident Commissioner, Meghalaya House, New Delhi, Shri Gilbert Mawrie, Senior Monitoring Officer & Ex-Officio, Deputy Secretary, Planning Department, Shri Crosspillar Marak, Sub-Divisional Agricultural Officer, Agricultural Department, Shri Aiban Swer, Assistant Soil Conservation Officer, Soil & Water Conservation Department, Smti Sweetiena K Rajee, Superintendent, O/o The Commissioner & Division for Khasi, Jaintia & Ri-Bhoi District, Meghalaya, Shillong, Smti Valentina Shylla, UD Assistant, O/o The Deputy Commissioner, Jowai, Shri Howard N Arengh, UD Assistant, Water Resources Department, Shillong, Smti Barisha Lyngdoh, UD Assistant, Forest & Environment Department, Smti Deity Devi Mrythong, Auxilifeary, Nurse Mirythong Umjarain Sub-Centre, O/o District Medical & Health Officer, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, Smti Jubilee E Lyngdoh, Auxiliary Nurse Midwife, Lawbyrtun Sub-Centre, O/o District Medical & Health Officer, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin , Shri Ranjan Chakraborty, LD Assistant, O/o The Commandant, 1st MLP Bn Mawiong, Smti Shanti Lata Sangma, Head Assistant, O/o The Deputy Commissioner, South Garo Hills District, Ampati, Shri Arun Rai, Bearer, O/o The Trade Adviser & Director of Movement, Government of Meghalaya, Kolkatta, Shri Denister Marbaniang, Peon, O/o The Child Development Project Officer, ICDS, Mawphlang and Shri Nur Mahammad, Driver, Health Department, PRCH, Shillong.
There are such people who are a real burden to their parents, especially the poor and needy,” said the father, who had seen all this.
In the past few months and years we remember that some members of our community have been forcibly killed by the government guns and also by the violent hands of the mynder.
NOC from SE/EE PWD (Roads) West Khasi Hills District, if the venue for the fishing competition is 500 meters from the highway or PWD road. .NOC from the Sordar Shnong or Rangbah Shnong, NOC from the owner of the well if it is a private well, NOC from the authorities if it is a well or public, NOC from the Sordar Shnong or Rangbah NOC from the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoiñ, NOC from the SE/EE PHE & DSBM for foreign sources such as solid/plastic waste and bio-toilets.
Travel to the Districts and entry and exit to Shillong will not be allowed.
" The words of the tree shocked the man.
The SP said that the suspect has been arrested but he did not want to disclose his name as he is waiting for the authorities to send a press release.
“We just shook hands, sang a welcome song and gave a memorandum,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
We have been told in these years by the elders of that time, including Bah BB Lyngdoh, PR Kyndiah and others, that Capt.
One of the students, speaking in the video, said, “We have nothing to do with the coronavirus;  you are from China.
There is no health risk so far.
D.Sohshang, one of the residents of West Khasi Hills, said that at one time he was carrying kseh wood to cut lyntang for the purpose of building a house and he was beaten. to the employees of the forest department until he was terrified.
Ronaldo will also become the first player to win the Al-Nassr Top Scorer award and score in the final of the tournament.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited Khliehriat to take part in the Campaign for Change. Chairman of CFC, Bah M.Warjri and others.
In reply to a starred question by Mawkynrew MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, the Minister said that the Question Hour has expired. that the department has received information on the decline in the price of synsar.
The kpoh form the kur and in order not to affect the rangbah of the kpoh, they are followed by the “Knii Rangbah” who are elected by the kpoh within the kur.
At the same time, noting that the department is still identifying new routes for the traffic, he said, “For example, there is a road constructed from Mawlyndep (Surok Umïam-Mawlyndep), which means that vehicles no longer need to enter Shillong and can reach Sohra.
In a statement, Conrad said that yesterday officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India had phoned him to inform and ask for a decision whether it is possible to relocate him due to his overcrowding. Amit Shah.
The Mawkynrew area has many tourist attractions such as Laitlum, Umtong, Syntung, Khlieh-A-Sem, Nongjrong and others.
The meeting was conducted by Nicholas Suchiang, General Secretary of Laskeiñ Village Council. Lasting Suchiang, in his speech, said that he has resigned from his post as Lab Technician at CHC Laskeiñ. He has always wanted to enter the political field in order to provide the best service to the Constituency and the State as a whole.
At that time, the Congress in power had rejected the investigation as wrong, but in this case, the investigation lasted for two years.
For example, a person who has only 'tikamon from birth' needs 'tikadiang' to become a full and complete human being.
“On the first day we will hold a meeting to take a decision by holding strong protests even after the curfew has expired on Saturday,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The High Court will hear the case again in two days.
According to the General Secretary of the HYC, the EM has promised to take action to strengthen the enforcement and one is to stop the renewal of trading licenses for foreigners.
Both these areas have streams flowing from the middle of the areas and are also very fertile.
We look forward to everyone's cooperation," the statement said.
Lahkmen said he has seen the problems that have affected the group of teachers and what else needs to be done.
It is learned that after this, he asked for a car from a friend and this friend without any suspicion gave him a car.
Speaking on the book which is the symbol of the NPP, Oram said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi follows and believes in the Constitution and we want Conrad to enter Parliament to talk about the weight of the area.
The Government has also decided to have 23 days of state holiday this year besides 21 days of general holiday and 11 days of restricted holiday.
“The State Government should submit a detailed report, supported by statistics, when hearing this PIL on 31st October, 2022,” the order said.
JOWAI : The MeECL employees under the banner of the MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MPWU) will hold a sit-in on the 12th of this month at the Additional Secretariat Parking Lot, Shillong to protest against the authorities. MeECL for their silence in calling for talks with the Union leaders.
The same fate befalls those who are addicted to alcohol, but even more terrible for those who become addicted to drugs.
He urged the participants to look for opportunities for government, industry and experts to work together.
During the rainy season, it rains and the bedrooms have to be covered with dabor or borti, due to the lack of rain and many shortcomings as this PHC is the oldest.
Here we understand that the British as the rulers of the country have used the divide and imperi policy and it is through this policy of national division that they have tried to mislead us the children of the British. u Hynniewtrep and especially in those places where they can rule have introduced this evil way of thinking and it has been seen that until now there are still some who do not understand that we are one Khasi people in front of the country. Indian buyer.
The Khasi word here is Symbud which means Deputy.
On the Prime Minister's statement that there are disadvantages and disadvantages if there is no personal interview, KHNAM said that it should be asked what are the disadvantages if the personal interview is removed. Government has made it clear that if the personal interview is abolished, the benefits will be that those who are entitled to get jobs will get, the time and money of the government will not be wasted, the youth who apply for jobs will get hope. They will not be able to ask for money to get jobs.
Last month, a truck overturned in Rngain and two people were killed.
Everyone who wants it, but we don't know whether all of it is really necessary or just a desire.
Nongpoh, July 23 : The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today issued an order ban ban the construction of coal depots. coal mining in any place without permission from the relevant authorities.
“Our people work in the church at various levels, and wherever we go we meet the people of the area,” he said.
Modi is indeed the father of the Indian nation as a whole because he welcomes all Indians regardless of race or religion, he invites all Indians except Muslims because Muslims don't They didn't want to live with other ethnic groups, they wanted to live with only Muslims and this was clear before independence from the British they divided India. two parts, India and Pakistan.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has said that it will hold a general meeting to discuss these issues at the place, date and time to be announced soon. .
According to the President of the MACC, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, while they were walking on the road in the evening, they found four bombs. Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), two trucks and two small vehicles, carrying drugs, were arrested at Marten.
This time it will be a legend that the government has decided to suspend the 10-day strike by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. To establish an Expert Committee on the Reservation Policy of the State.
After the only MLA of KHNAM announced that he will not vote because he does not agree with many MLAs, there has been a lot of slander, arrogance on the part of the NPP leaders. They are the leaders of the MDA government and if this MLA does not want to support the MP candidate they want and elected by them, it is better for him to leave the MDA government. The MDA government has not given much attention to small parties like KHNAM especially since it has only one MLA in the Assembly.
The purpose of the fete and dance competition is to raise funds for the construction of the full office building of the kur, which construction has started at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills.
772 villages were severely affected by floods and landslides, 27 people lost their lives, 7 livestock died, 7 people are still missing 8 people, 20 injured and 5,85,999 people affected.
The three day State Level Inter School Athletic Meet was organized by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government which started today. Sports Authority of India, STC NEHU, Mawlai Umshing.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. B. Marweing, Vice Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, including Bah RB Shadap, President and Bah Sunlight Shadap, General Secretary, requested not only the MP, but also the AAI officials to Change the name of Shillong Airport to Umroi Airport.
At that time, the two robbers opened fire on the vehicle but the bullet did not hit them and they escaped without injury.
Over the years Aidy has attracted many to watch the shows she takes part in with her knowledge and skills and most of her shows are also very impressive.
“To make tobacco products such as Biri, u kyndok jingpruit and other factories, the owners of the factories have used small children. The Supreme Court has banned the employment of children in such factories or in any other employment of children in their own country. , I'm not going to rap with D.Sohtun.
We can't just make an announcement like that because there are rules that have to be followed," he added.
In his speech he also suggested that entertainment or entertainment through many activities such as sports in various fields also brings success in removing the anxiety of many saying that the a community that moves through a variety of programs has fewer crimes.
The Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw, which started at the Khasi School in Mawkhar, has been relocated to Jaïaw due to the lack of space. you are a hundred years old.
Tynrong Mawsaw is a small village about 5 km behind the two lane Shillong-Nongstoin-Shahlang-Rongjeng-Tura highway.
The body was shifted to the Civil Hospital Shillong, and after the postmortem, the body was shifted to the morgue of the hospital for identification.
Explaining about the positive case, Dr War said that she went to Woodland Hospital for treatment and after that she was sent to Nazareth Hospital. Nazareth Hospital has tested positive for Covid-1
In the last match, 14,000 spectators attended the match and the Lajong coach requested them to come and support the team to win again.
Other senior leaders of the NSCN(IM) were also present at the peace talks.
The Minister said that the Meghalaya Games are part of the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state.
Individual Talang, 52, of Mawkhar, Shillong, died on the spot while playing football at Robert Hospital Shillong.
Shillong: After a one-year closure, the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) with the support of the North East Small Finance Bank and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Govt. The 6th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 will start on 26th June
“This has affected our income and livelihood as we rely on synsar, sying and other agricultural products as a source of income to feed our families,” said the Union.
Psalm 103:12.
The frequent persecutions led the Nongkhlaw Hima to convene a dorbar bah and in this dorbar the people demanded that Pa'iem Tirot Singh should immediately expel these foreigners. They came to violate the rights of the Khasi children in their own land.
Pradeep Das is the 'shishya' of Acharya Satendra Das and one of the priests who performs regular rituals at the temple in Ayodhya.
“Even if the students can apply at the last stage, it will be difficult for them to take the examination because there is only one Online Exam Center in Shillong and not in other cities,” he said. .
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Amlarem Circle.
It is true that the use of ïit ïong in vehicles has turned into a hideout for many exploiters from youth activities to drunkenness, from recreation. of the rich to the exploitation of the rich, especially the young women.
In the petition, these members of the kur said that anyone born to the mother of the Nongkhlaw kur belongs to the Nongkhlaw kur and cannot change kur or jait without the tangjait according to the Khasi custom and that too with the consent of the kur. you just want to.
These two leaders from Ri Bhoi District are leaders who have the ability to speak out in the Legislative Assembly, who never hesitate to speak the truth. They are not only leaders in the constituencies they lead but for Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole, and Ri Bhoi needs many leaders like these Rangbah to become sim pah sim song. , rang kynih and rang phawer to vote in the Legislative Assembly for the sake of the people, he said.
On the other hand, the reporter of this incident to the media, could not know from the village inspectors how they have arranged in relation to the assistance from the government authorities.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 26th June, said that the agriculture industry does not fall under the list of factories.
The counting of votes started at 8 am in Delhi.
Murray, a three-time Grand Slam champion and singles gold medalist in London in 2012 and Rio de Janeiro in 2016, was in the middle of He said he could lose his chance to compete in the singles at the Paris Olympics if his ranking drops significantly.
The HSPDP and PDF have not announced who will be the prime minister.
The KSU Mawkynroh also informed the government that the government has not done anything about the condition of the road in the area.
However, if there is a problem in sending two languages ​​at the same time, the government should reconsider, but if not, let the government continue to follow up with the central government," he said. said further.
The policeman, who is mentioned in the report as the fourth witness, is understood to be one of the policemen of Tactical Team 1, which was the first team to enter the house.
While the district authorities are covering various roads of the city with siej, they are cleaning up the garbage on the sidewalks and cleaning up the wells near the Raj Bhavan. Similarly, it has been seen that the spread of garbage has also continued in the domestic politics of the ruling party in the state, the Congress party.
The times in which we live are likely to be worse than ever before, as Jesus said at Matthew 24:3
in lane by visiting the Common Service Centers (CSCs)/Rainbow Centers inside or near the village.
Why is that? It is because God has said that man has his own value and is the most precious of all God's creations.
A total of 1,950,000 doses of Covid-19 vaccine have been disposed of at the District Hospital at Deogarh in Jharkhand.
Teilinia was welcomed to the PDF by leading party leaders including Bah Hamlet Dohling MLA Mylliem who is also the Working President of the PDF and Minister of Urban Affairs. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture and Working President of the party, General Secretary of the party, Morningstar Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut were also present. Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC Mawkyrwat and other leaders of the party.
He urged the residents of different religions and ethnic groups to live together in peace and understanding, not to bring anything that will disrupt the peace and order.
The covenant that the Khasi Khara children have made with God is expressed in the 'Jer Khun', after the fall of the shynnai: that the man and woman shall hold their rights. according to this law, the Khasi man is placed in three branches: which are the three pillars; in the presence of Purynsi, the klong, the skaw, the iad-um and the sapoh, that he should not forget the law which had been given to him for the rest of his life.
Regarding the Sub Health Centre, the government has already allocated about 57 lakh 55 thousand tyngka and the preparations are in progress for this purpose. The sanction order No. Health/73/2017/18, Shillong was issued on 31st October 2021 and the tender was announced on 25th July
Heaven and earth shall be filled with the unthankful.
“It is the right suggestion of the MP (Conrad K Sangma) that the NEC should be the shaper of the region to be like the World Bank, ADB,” he said.
This encounter shocked the community how could Jesus, a Jew, humble himself to talk to a Samaritan woman, especially to a woman who was a prostitute? In Jesus' day women had no place in society; women are raped, lorded, tortured and threatened with death.
Following the victory of Biangshwa Shylla as the new President of the JHTOA, the Seng wishes him all the best and wishes him the best of luck in the good work of the JHTOA. and truck drivers in Jaintia Hills.
In order to explain and guide the students of Eastern West Khasi Hills District on the employment opportunities in the field of hospitality including employment through tourism, the office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong has conducted a career counseling program for the students of the area who wish to study in this line on Monday.
“I want all the members of this House and all the citizens to remember this budget as Mission 10 – the plan to increase the income of the State to 10 billion US dollars.
The entry fee will be 20500+750=3250 including the players fee.
According to the challan, the BSF said that the truck was supposed to transport 300 byrni of rice but they found that there were only 220 byrni of rice and phensedyl.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday handed over cows to the cow farmers of 12 districts of the state to increase the production of dairy cows and and the cow was slain.
This place was established in 1992 by Lat Madhukar Dighe.
Eco-Friendly Crematorium is available in all villages.
The ILP of the political parties, the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra, the eviction of the Harijans from Iewmawlong, the lack of knowledge to resolve the border with Assam, all these are in fact pending. The 2023 election will be held in the country after the 2023 elections.
Now not only the NGT has banned the mining of coal but the Supreme Court has also banned the mining and transportation of coal.
Only one of the Best Athletes went to HK Singh Memorial Secondary School in the Under-14 Girls' category.
Police are conducting search operations across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to arrest all the members of this group.
At present, there are 8567 registered factories in the North East which employ more than 3 lakh people.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by J.Tongper.
Jowai, Nailar 1: The Hynniewtrep National People's Party (HNPF) has expressed its gratitude and special congratulations to all the people of the two districts who have supported the protest program of the HNPF in these past few days. for two nights from 30th and 31st November, on the demands of the union, to dismiss the two overtime police chiefs in East Jaintia Hills District.
Noting that people with disabilities often face discrimination, the MLA said that by setting up the Disability Centre, it will be possible to bring about an inclusive lifestyle for the people with disabilities. of all to participate as well as to participate in the activities of society.
“According to the party, it is necessary to follow rules and regulations in relation to other party members,” said Dr Jemino.
Shillong, November 19: The Union of Village Authorities, Bri u Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) would like to express its gratitude to all the members of the Union, who have supported the Union since the beginning of the problems affecting the Dorbar Shnongs. in the whole of Hynniewtrep.
In this regard, the Assistant Chief Electoral Officer said that he has urged all to complete the election related activities as per the plan for the election. The election and sent to the CEO at the office in Delhi to start one day before the end and complete the work.
Hundreds of rockets were fired at Israel yesterday and the fighting was intense after 50 days of war. four years ago.
JOWAI : The Lakroh Mini Hydel Project, which started in 1990, has been successfully inaugurated by the MLA of War Jaintia and the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen. Right.
In this regard, the HITO has demanded from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who is in charge of the Police Department to clarify the number of Police Officers who have been in one district for more than 15 years.
The Election Commission wants to ban the registration of multiple names by one person to become a voter and that can be banned only through the Aadhar number.
From July 24 onwards, those who have not yet been injected will not be allowed to open shops.
The match on Tuesday will be between Sohryngkham SC and Madanrting SC at 4:15 pm.
Concerned about the situation in Manipur, children have been allowed to enter school without having to bring proof or other documents as usual for enrolment, he said. state.
According to Schlesinger's answer, "In fact, it is the existence of those evils from the beginning" (Sclesinger, 1972).
Meanwhile, Edwin Sungoh was sentenced to life imprisonment and a fine of T.50,000/- under Section 302 IPC. Lo Rabon and Lakma Kma Sungoh at their residence in Khliehrangnah Lum Moochai on 14th June
Mookyndur SC won the title after beating Khliehïongriang SC 1-0 in the final match between the two teams from start to finish. truly captivating the audience and fans on both sides.
It may be recalled that the Executive Committee of KHADC has issued an Order on 21.04.16 to temporarily remove Latho Manik Syiem from the post of Syiem of Mylliem Hima. The Tribunal was headed by SB Laitthma as the Presiding Officer who was also the Presiding Officer of the Subordinate District Council Shillong.
According to the statement, the Committee also demanded that the government should provide a compensation of Rs 10 crore each to the relatives of these refugees who died halfway in the bullets of the Assam police.
The first match will be between Khliehiongriang and Wahiajer at 11.45 pm.
It is learned that she did not go home because the hospital had paid her 4,000 tyngka.
Saiñ – which means to spread anything.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah T.Nongrem said that as a group, we don't want to be mere spectators when such tragic incidents happen in the families of our fellow citizens. the least of the brothers came to give these small gifts.
Ltd (Bivar Road), Maruf Elahi (Bivar Road), Beroline Khongshei (Laban), Mohendro Rapsang (Keating Road) and Saini Pala (Motinagar).
The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy sponsored by the WJDSA started at Kiang Nangbah Stadium with the victory of Iooksi Youth Welfare and Moodymmai on Thursday.
From Mowkaiaw Constituency, Nujorki Sungoh (UDP), Lasting Suchiang (AITC), Nehemayah Tyngkan (INC), Habahun Dkhar (NPP) and Corentis Rabon (BJP) are the candidates.
There are three new cases of coronavirus in Jaintia Hills today, including a woman from Jaintia Hills. There are currently 19 cases of corona virus in the state and 14 of them have recovered,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen said, “According to the doctors, the mother of the child has recovered. kha, i have trouble breathing".
At the same time, he said it is not the duty of the state government to pay the salaries to the employees of these three ADCs and it is the duty of these three ADCs to raise funds for the to pay salaries to their own employees.
One of the elders of the area who was involved in the same incident said that the officer's visit was like demanding money from the people because after the officer had already left, After entering and inspecting some houses and shops for a while, a letter arrived showing that they have been fined tens of thousands of rupees and it was also written that they have violated Section 126/1 135 Indian Electricity Act 203 & Amendment Act 2007 and will be prosecuted and punished according to the Act. They must also pay the fine by the 21st of this month. thousand.
This is the second time that he will be in office and he will be there for the third and final term of four years. .
People are wise and are waiting for the 27th of June,” said TMC candidate from South Tura, Richard Marak.
The president of SKRS said that the tenancy bill is against the customs and traditions of the people.
Here comes the saying, "You can beat him, you can pierce him, but you can't break him.
Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the party, while informing the public about the flag raising this morning, said on his Facebook page, “The flag of the party is a symbol of the still alive".
They have to judge how they treat the whole state.
Shillong: U Bah B.Shylla, Asstt.
On seeing the accident and that the driver was stuck inside the vehicle, the residents rushed to help the driver to get out of the vehicle. The driver was rescued and the victim was rushed to the hospital.
“Anything done for the good has a temporary impact but it will bring long-term benefit to the people,” said Dr Donkupar.
He said that the party has already written to the Prime Minister of India to demand the implementation of the ILP which the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has already passed a resolution on November 10, 2019.
He also recalled that the SAG had taken back the salaries of the employees of JHADC, but he was charged by Ma Lakhon Biam alleging that the CEM of JHADC had misused the fund. SAG to the salary, but the CEM said that in fact it was not misuse but extortion and after receiving the share, the money was returned.
“We have trained about 14,500 athletes from all 12 districts of our state, of which we have selected about 200 athletes for this program and 9 athletes have been selected, where in 3 years “We will train them,” said Bah Shakliar.
One case has been reported in Ladakh, Odisha, J&K and Kerala today, the health ministry said.
Will Marbaniang scored the first goal for Lawmali in the 9th minute but Smit equalized in the 76th minute through Banshan Nongdhar.
Regarding the rumors that there are talks with Dr Mukul Sangma to join the BJP, Sanbor Shullai said, “I don't know anything about this, but I have seen only in the BJP. “If Dr Mukul and Bah Pala come to join, I have met with Dr Mukul Sangma in the last House and after that there has been no meeting with Dr Mukul Sangma.” “To the BJP, we welcome them by cleaning the red carpet because they are the leaders who have done well in the political field in the state,” said Bah Sanbor.
However, the deterioration of the Bye-Pass road has caused all types of vehicles from heavy vehicles to small vehicles to travel straight from the NH-6 from Ladrymbai. The traffic jam on this road has affected the lives of people from school children to the elderly due to the lack of vehicles. Foot Path along the main road.
He said the Government has taken many steps to allocate funds to provide for the construction of adequate sports grounds.
Today, it defeated the ruling BJP in Uttar Pradesh in two mid-term elections in the state.
Furthermore, many of those who live in the furniture industry and others who use light have lost their jobs.
He said that the signs show that the government is trying to avoid the leaders of the party until even to meet the prime minister he has not given them time.
Father Hilarius concluded his speech by urging all to be obedient and obedience to the law of God brings good in all aspects of human life.
“Therefore, this issue needs to be discussed thoroughly in order to come up with a formula that will suit everyone.
In this regard, Ms Lyngdoh has divided into three parts in the life of believers as Christians, one is to have the power of Faith, the second is to have the Truth and the third is to be stay in the service.
We don’t suck at what the government says for our own good.
A total of 333 players have participated in the Chess tournament. Barbith M. Sangma, the State Champion of Garo Hills, has won the Chess Tournament. Advitiya AG of Army Public School, Shillong won the third place in the Under-07 Category. .
The Muslims developed a political strategy to reconquer India while the Hindus developed the Indira Gandhi Policy.
If you have any concerns about MeECL's light bill, all your concerns will be resolved.
The owners of the vehicles, who were talking to each other, came to talk to this reporter, and showed the vehicles, which were damaged from behind and in front, which were hit by the bomb. It is estimated that the cost of repair will cost about T.5 lakh.
For the year 2015-16, the schemes have been released delayed because the Government of India wants to spend half of these schemes, but later, it was decided that 90 percent will be. The Under Secretary to the Govt.
Jha who heads CMJ Foundation came to Shillong soon after Meghalaya attained statehood in 1972.
Thus, this time, the number of players who have contracts has increased from 15 to 18 and all that falls under the new MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) of CA. with all the cricketers under its jurisdiction.
Former Mawkhar MLA Dr Friday Lyngdoh has built the top under the MDC Scheme at a cost of T.4 lakh. Donate to the village, so that this water can reach their homes.
He said that the owners who came to cut dohmasi at this place, received a certificate from the doctors to verify that it is safe to sell in shops and to be eaten by the public without hesitation. He said that he could not say anything but he explained only the goods that were harvested at Mawïong.
The candidates must have achieved 75 percent marks or above in SSLC and HSSLC, while for Graduate, Master Degree, Professional Course including MBBS, Lawyer, Engineering. and others, should reach 60 percent or more.
Now it's been three years, and I haven't come.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong Paidolyne L Nonglait congratulated the school authorities of St. Alfred SS for taking the initiative to hold such a tournament every year to open up the opportunities for those students who have The school has also produced talented athletes who have gone to the District to take part in the sports. Level and State Level.
“The investigation is in full swing, please wait for justice.
He also praised the Sein Raij for preserving the customs and traditions until now and urged the Hynniewtrep people whether they are Khasi Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngam to unite.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and TMC leader Dr. Mukul Sangma today asked the state government on the appointment of people in the Lokayukta.
In the women's category, the first prize was T.15,000, the second prize was T.10,000 and the second prize was T.10,0
Even in the midst of the difficulties that families face, we trust in Jesus.
On the Congress side, the current CMD holds three posts: Director of Corporation, Director of Finance on the MeECL Board of Directors and Joint Secretary of the Power Department.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Manstudy said that it should be turned into a museum where the portraits of all the past and present MDCs will be displayed and so on as the years go by so that the past generations will be able to learn. tip and you will remember.
The 28 were members of the group that Iranian authorities suspected of involvement in the plot to attack Tehran at the time.
Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, was the Chief Guest and hoisted the flag to open the race. less in the limbs.
Vice President- Fready Mukhim.
According to the source, out of the seven persons arrested, four were sent with a fake certificate to prove that they are still children. Earlier, nine out of the 16 persons were sent to that juvenile board.
The All-China Women's Federation said the woman used only a stick on the day she tied and shot the child.
Until the shyieng are cleaned from the stones, until the shyieng are brought to the mawbah, the work is not completed.
Sangma to investigate into Bernard's management of the Farm House and directed him to submit a report within 15 days.
The Seng leader said that the purpose of this day is to pay tribute to these leaders and members who have sacrificed their lives in the fight against illegal occupation and violence. of the Government of India.
It's only 50-50," Ban said with a laugh.
The POCSO Act was approved by the Chief Judicial Magistrate EKH, Kong NDkhar and the JJ Act was approved by the Chief Judicial Magistrate First Class, Kong B.Kharbithai.
Speaking on James' claim that the ministers in the MDA government are good at talking to the media, Gokhale said that without hesitation to tell the truth, The MDA government has come to a standstill.
On the number of OPDs, the Minister said that in 10 years, not less than 3 lakh patients come to NEIGRIHMS. He said that in 10 years, at least 16,000 people come to the hospital.
Forms for the clubs who wish to participate in the tournament can be obtained from the members of MYSC, ABK Tea Stall Mawlai Nongkwar vs Bazar India, RJN Sports for You (Umsning), Ri-Bhoi Home Care Nongpoh. The closing date for submission of entry forms will be on the 15th of this month.
He said that not a single college wants to suspend the implementation of the NEP and this shows the desire and dedication of these departments to improve education and a brighter future for the students.
The People's Democratic Front (PDF), which is affiliated with the People's Democratic Forum (PDF), will become a political party, the ruling synrop party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
I.Lawrynñiang, Block Development Officer, C&RD, Mawkyrwat, said that they don't understand the value of water because they are still scarce but they shouldn't pollute the water. they shall thirst, and their lives shall perish.
The Meghalaya team in this match today beat Delhi by showing the skill of the team in the first half and second half. beautiful opportunities to shake the net.
When these seeds have been planted, the heat and light will be given to this heavenly body.
How much more so for the paid of these subjects who have to ride a commercial vehicle.
Shillong, June 28: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Reconciliation Forum (HBRF) on Friday said that the ethnic parties working within the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will not interfere in the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the two countries. Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma to end the 50-year-old border dispute at seven border areas between Meghalaya and Assam. .
Don't you know? Ïoh he smiled and he gave his pawa to the doh of the khohwah.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie said, “How many times have you seen Bah Sanbor coming into the Assembly?
Not only should it talk to the Rajasthan police to ensure that the investigation will be smooth, but it should also write to the Home Affairs Department or the Prime Minister's Office to hand over to the CBI for investigation. about what happened to young Walinda.
God says – my word that goeth forth out of my mouth shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein I sent it. 8–11.
Therefore, the former Nongmihkhmat had to upgrade the Nongtalang PHC because the Government at that time would take the CHC out of the Constituency if we could not use it.
“It doesn't mean that the rules set by the government will be accepted 100 percent.
Before the end of the match in the 90+7 minutes, Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal for Nelson Rymbai, who didn't miss the opportunity to give Lamare SC the lead. success.
The report said that on Sunday, the two men met at the funeral home.
On this occasion, he said that there will be a variety of performances such as fire painting, shyiap painting, football, and there will be musicians who will perform including Jowai, November 7: The Chairman of JHADC, Chairman of the JHADC, today said that the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan has promised to give a Christmas gift lane. The Village Administration Bill – or the Act to empower the Village, Elaka and Hima Authorities.
Not only that, it was also witnessed that besides the piat which has already been harvested and selected, there are still many piat pyut which are still left in the byrni which Bah Osar Wahlang as the distributor has not been able to harvest. He said that the piat has reached 831 byrni but only about 60 byrni have been received to be distributed to the people.
It is time for us to change the election campaign system and that is to put forward issues that are for the benefit of the country as a whole. and rather than discussing personal affairs, it is better to negotiate Brexit, as in the UK, or to build a border wall with Mexico, like the elections in the United States.
Nongpoh: One person was injured while another survived in an accident near Bethany Hospital in Nongpoh today. you Auto Rickshaw.
The House today witnessed the introduction of the Indian Stamp (Meghalaya Amendment) Bill 2020, the Meghalaya GST (Amendment) Bill 2020, the Meghalaya Passengers and Goods Taxation (Amendment) Bill The Migrant Workers Safety and Security Bill 2020 and also the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill
Earthquakes occur from time to time around the world, small and large, destructive and non-destructive.
"If Amir Khan can play by eating a shirt and a little bit of jyntah, it shows that others can do better.
“JACATAM at its meeting held on Saturday has decided to wait for the news from the government until 11th June on the announcement of the Prime Minister to increase the salary of adhoc teachers by 100 percent from on 1st November 2016,” said Babu Kular Khongjirem.
Nongpoh, Nailar 19: Members of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today protested against the beating of a nurse by a 76-year-old child. Nongpoh Circle, together with the family members of the child, have met with the District Medical and Health Officer, Dr S Lyngdoh at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, to seek clarification on the incident. The child was born in Umdihar village, Ri Bhoi District.
In the next generation, even the judges will appear like that because they come from a background of poverty and misery.
He stressed that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ban on T.1000 and T.500 notes is to curb the spread of counterfeit currency and illegal income. the national economy and the people.
“ECC will not allow illegal coke factories” is a praiseworthy article.
Some villages will inevitably fall into another constituency,” he added.
However, what remains is for the SRT and the residents of Thieddieng to search for the woman tomorrow (Monday).
When I go to the Marriot Hotel or Vivanta – the two big hotels that have just opened, I don't see young men working there.
The office bearers of the Youth Wing are 15 members of the Executive Committee.
On the other hand, the President of the Alumni Association, BN Lamare, who is also the former Principal of the College, said that the main purpose of the Alumni Association is to encourage the students to make the most of what they get from the College. college whether it is for education, sports or other activities.
When asked whether there is any suspicion that there are UDP or MDA leaders who do not support Dr Jemino, Kymen said, “I don't think there are such leaders and I don't suspect that they will not support Dr Jemino. Dr. Jemino," he said.
In the Tableau Presentation, PHE, Mawkyrwat Division came first, followed by DC's Office, South West Khasi Hills District second and Soil & Water Conservation Office came second. third place.
The ceremony was conducted by Ma Kyllimot Lhuid and speeches were delivered by Ma Riqouma Rq Laloo and General Secretary of JJA Ma Russel Nongrum who is also the editor of Syllad.com. Every.
Hebrews 11:1 Likewise, Truth is something that man desires and needs in everyday life.
“31.20% of the works have been completed by the government, but the 6 KM Smart Road has not yet been completed. the construction and re-development of Laitumkhrah Municipal Market, the implementation of the ICCC and traffic awareness for the training of school children in the schools of Laitumkhrah. These projects have not yet seen any signs of implementation as stated in the RTI and the projects that have been implemented according to the RTI reply are only the construction of the Commercial Complex. and parking improvements," he said.
Through this article, I would like to mention some of the reasons for the increase in the price of petrol and also I have to blame the Central Government and the State Governments as involved in this increase in the price of petrol and diesel. consider motor fuel as a source of revenue.
KHNAM also informed the CEM that during the inspection, it found that all the foreigners who sell shops along the road from Motphran to Khyndailad do not have trading license and labor license from the council. It was also found that some foreigners came from Guwahati early in the morning to sell their goods in public places.
He said the SEC will look into the response from the party leaders before taking any final decision.
Bihar police have been ordered to protect the two men and put them on a plane to return to Shillong.
The driver escaped from the vehicle.
The MLAs discussed the strengthening of the party in the preparation for the MLA elections for 2023. The President of the MPCC and another MLA were absent from the meeting. Regarding the issue of replacing the President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent said that it is He said that it is not only the four MLAs who have written the letter who want to replace the President but 10 MLAs. On this demand, Bah Pala confirmed that the inability of the President, Dr C Lyngdoh to join the party in these days is due to the illness of his mother. When this was announced, the MLAs also accepted.
He said that the committee has some issues which it will recommend whenever the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma convenes a meeting of the parties within the MDA or the MDA. meeting of all political parties.
The Assam authorities have also acknowledged that the Khanduli area falls within the border of Assam.
May the soul of Bah Shylla receive eternal rest in the Kingdom of Heaven.
In connection with Daniel's prophecy, Jesus reminds us of such a time.
FKJGP Leader Reginald Thabah said that the party has met with the Minister AL. Hek and demanded to provide 24 hour equipment in government health centers and to ensure that the staff should not act arbitrarily.
If the government doesn't want to arrest the killers, the tyrud ka smer from outside is looking forward to killing people again (like Rakot) once the government encourages the criminals. .
He said that this is his third time to contest the election and he hopes to win this time.
She is the daughter of Belbet Berry and Arigo Lyngkhoi of Mawkawah.
He has established three primary schools in Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra.
In the second innings, Moodymmai Cricket Club managed to score 249 runs in 35 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Other members of the Committee include Home Minister Amit Shah, Ghulam Nabi Azad, former Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, NK Singh, former Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission, Dr Subhash. C. Kashyap, former Secretary General of Lok Sabha, Harish Salve, Senior Advocate, and Sanjay Kothari, former Chief Vigilance Commissioner.
Often, silence about evil deeds increases evil deeds.
“Meghalaya should have been the strongest state but now the state is in the midst of poverty and misery. I have brought the VPP to bring about change,” he said.
On the part of the people, they praised and congratulated the BSF and hoped that the BSF will continue to conduct such programs for the benefit of the people of the area.
“Therefore, after the meeting we have agreed to take a decision not to contest from Ranikor,” said Bah Kitborlang Nongrem.
On the other hand, Dinesh Gundu Rao, President of the Congress party in Karnataka, has criticized Hegde's remarks, asking about the works that have brought about the development of Karnataka since that he is a minister in the Government of India.
He also urged the members of this family to be hardworking even if the job is small or work in any kind of job but only to do the job properly.
Regarding the water supply, the Union said that since they were sent to South West Khasi Hills, the water supply which they should have received from Nongstoin has been counted. Therefore, the Union Supply Office Mawkyrwat has said that if the Supply Office Mawkyrwat, cannot provide clarification regarding these schemes, the Union will go to the distributors of the Mawkyrwat Supply Office. Contact Director Supply Meghalaya Shillong.
All these are just promises of previous governments but now in this government we have been able to fulfill them”.
Prominent leaders of the Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industries, Sri Lanka and Lulu Group International, Reliance Retail Ltd.
Two employees of the Shillong Municipal Board were clearing the road in Motphran.
“Nupur Sharma's speech led to the killing in Udaipur,” said Justice Pardiwala, referring to the killing of a Hindu by two men just because of Nupur Sharma's writing.
All FPS or ration shops including NFSA and Non NFSA shall open their shops in manla villages to distribute the remaining ration every day from 9AM to 4PM. shops in their respective villages from 10 am to 1 pm every day, from Monday to Friday to allow the villagers to shop.
Bah Sanbor urged Bah Pala to learn how to vote for three years and the people have complained that there has been no development. Nongihkhmat because the BJP will still come to power and if Kong Finela wins, she will bring milk and honey to the state.
He said that insurgent groups such as the HNLC, ULFA and NDFB operate from across the Indian border.
The AJCA invites all teams and sports clubs from West Jaintia Hills to participate in these two tournaments.
On the 17th of this month, Uttom M. Sangma lodged a complaint that on the 17th at about 6 pm, unidentified robbers broke into his residence at Daldagre (WGH) and robbed him. T.3,70,000/-.
Sudeshkumar, IPS to the residents of the border area during his visit to the border area.
According to the Magistrate, Mishra has not cooperated with the police investigation team.
Besides Ardent and his HSPDP colleagues, KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon and KHNAM MDCs Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit were also confirmed to attend the rally. and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
He also explained that it is important to know that SS NETCOM is a company that is involved in the Call Center business.
On 22nd October 2024, the Supreme Court has transferred the case to the Delhi High Court, while other courts across the country have not yet decided.
All vehicles coming from Riastsiatsim will be diverted to Mynthong (District Library).
Unfortunately, there are no youth organizations led by women who take responsibility for these issues.
Jyrwa said that the taxi drivers will meet with the SP Traffic to discuss the matter.
Indeed, out of 128 candidates, only 29 will win.
“We will consider the construction of these two medical colleges in the state in the second or third month of June,” said the Minister in charge of Health & Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. in a media interview.
At the same time, under the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, 'PROGRESS', 2000 piglets (3 females and one male) were distributed to 500 farmer households.
On the other hand, the Minister said that she will personally visit the area on the 26th of this month to see and discuss all the shortcomings that the party has demanded.
“The Circle also reminds the PWD Minister, who is the MLA of the area, Prestone Tynsong, of his announcement to lodge a complaint against the stone fall at Riat Rngaiñ, which claimed two lives.
“In the last 2023 elections, the NPP won 3.15 lakh votes.
Speaking to media, FKJGP General Secretary Dondi Khongsit said that according to the investigation of the FKJGP, there is a discrimination against the drivers of jhur trucks who bring agricultural products to FKJGP. the state.
He said that the police department needs a lot of development work and as of now there are many allegations against the police department, so to remove these allegations from the police department needs to be strengthened. The strengthening of the police department will be by means of measures not to affect the budget of the state government, by using the police force especially in the border areas and in areas where there has never been a police force.
The ceremony was held at the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election) Office, Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem as directed by the Election Commission of India.
Speaking to reporters, HANM President Pateng Marsing and Ajit Makri, President Byrnihat Circle, said that the reason for the HANM to take this step is to ban the books. These shops were closed after receiving information that there are many foreigners who have come to set up shops in the area, but they do not have the necessary documents, such as Trading License, Labour. License and other required documents.
The NPP has vowed to take the matter to the attention of the central government to expose the duties of the chief minister.
It was also begun to believe that all scientific knowledge did not exist since ancient times before the arrival of the Moghuls and the French.
In another incident, unidentified robbers have detonated a petrol bomb at Narsingh Akhra in Qualapatty, Shillong.
Shillong: The border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has been going on for many years and the issue will be resolved soon at a meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma will meet on 23rd November
The Government of Meghalaya during the last 10 years has been on its way to improve and struggle to improve the quality of education, especially in those areas which are the most backward and remote.
He said that according to the report received, 92% of the people aged 18 to 44 years who came to get vaccinated have reached 92%.
However, it was not until the day she had to go to class that she had the opportunity to meet her Niakha again.
Referring to the issue of MUDA, she said that the government has suspended the operation of MUDA within the boundary of the District Council. and if a new EC comes, they will arrange all the necessary measures.
According to police sources, the body was buried in the shyiap of the river and although the body had decomposed halfway, but according to the examination of the body it was identified as of a woman which is also estimated at around 15 to 18 years.
They are the days when knowledge has grown so rapidly that it is unthinkable, and those times are now.
However, in these days, there have been many comments and allegations against the IB, there has been a clear intention to hand over to private individuals who have close ties with the 'lei san. years, without following the rules or regulations of the law.
Shillong: Since the announcement of the fire brigade, the Umkiang area, has been experiencing a fire outage, which has been severe in these days, according to reports.
They also appealed to the parents when they send their children to study or work abroad not to send them without getting detailed information to any school or workplace, because in these days they Many people take advantage of us and if we are not vigilant and investigative, such unacceptable incidents will happen in society.
We need them because they are the pioneers of the community.
The project to develop sericulture in Mamit district of Mizoram has been approved at a cost of T.11.56 crore, including the share of the Government of India of T.10.82 crore.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Banraplang Kharbteng, Rangbah Shnong of Thaiñthynroh, Unity Kharbteng, Secretary Lamlynti Village Organization, Bandaris Sawkmie, Secretary Lamlynti Village Organization. Banjop Kharryngki, Secretary, Village Council.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: To win power after the 2018 elections, is the goal of the HSPDP, the HSPDP Umsning Constituency has said. The meeting was held today at the Durbar Hall, Lumroman.
“The victory of Bah Pynshngain is only his personal responsibility, to hold two positions as MLA and MDC,” said Bah Shylla.
In this regard, Conrad said that the former Prime Minister in 2017 had already written to the Government of India informing that the State Government will not cancel the personal interview.
“We have a young team and I am confident that the players will work hard and I am confident that they will be able to play well in this tournament,” said Bah Bobby Nongbet.
Speech was also delivered by Kong Trinity Sayoo, a farmer who has done well especially in the field of synrai in Laskeiñ Block.
The Chief Minister informed the meeting that the government has allocated T.450 crore for the implementation of FOCUS in the state.
The two robbers were identified as Sanjay Sobor (30) and Jagdish Lohar (25).
Regarding the FKJGP's closure of the quarry, there has been a strong reaction through social media which has prompted the FKJGP leaders to call the leaders and members of the FKJGP. The Joint Action Committee, to come to the office of the party to resolve the issue.
The first winner was Amrita Syiemlieh 17.8 kilos, the second winner was Lapynkmen Syiemlieh 13.7 kilos and the winner was Lapynkmen Syiemlieh 13.7 kilos. Kevinson Snaitang weighed 11.2 kilograms.
Those basic principles of earning righteousness, morality, humanity which guided our ancestors in the work and the administration of justice, we have now rejected the conditions.
The NESO has urged that the 11th of November will be commemorated as Black Day in the North East.
On the other hand, KSU South West Khasi Hills District General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, congratulated the three youths and said that education is one of the strengths to build the nation. to be a source of peace for the future of the nation.
The DEO of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, today informed the public that Bhupendra S Chaudhary IAS, Election General Observer of West Khasi Hills District, has arrived and is currently in Nongstoin.
They condemned the drug traffickers during the march and called for their arrest as they are the destroyers and threats to the country and the nation.
He stressed that children still need everything from health, education, to protection from discrimination because children are clean.
Summersault from Shillong was also present at the SymphoNE.
Hek said the state currently has only two tests, one at NEIGRIMHS Hospital and one at Tura which is 550 per day. Tura has 150 tests per day, while Pasture Institute has 400 tests per day, while in the state it has 950 tests per day.
Assistant Teacher, Sohkha Govt.
In this twentieth century, the destruction and pollution of the environment is a major issue that the Church must also address.
Earlier, Laitkor led PFR by a goal difference of +35 to +28, while Mawlai led Lumparing by +32 to +23 with the most goals.
“The people in Nongthliew area are agricultural and have low income.
The land has been allocated to Assam and these newly created states.
I want to get the phone number of the principal who gave training to raise fish because I want to go to work but I don't know the place.
Salahudin's wife alleged that the Uttara and Gulshan police stations refused to accept her complaint that her husband had disappeared before going to court. he was told in court that he had not been arrested.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government through the excise department has approved to deliver liquor to the homes of people prescribed by doctors.
“I am not a selfish person,” said Bah Titos, adding that after the Bill receives the seal of the Governor, he himself will be involved in improving the writing system. where.
“I also take this opportunity to appeal to all the people to allow the law to do its job, and to refrain from spreading false news, especially on social media,” he said. He said that the police department has tried its best to reveal the facts of the incident and also to get justice for the victim.
Shillong, June 13: U Bah Tarcisious Mawlot, one of the candidates for the 2023 MLA election, on Saturday, June 13, 2024, announced in front of the media. Speaking at the Shillong Press Club, on his part, he said that in the upcoming MP elections, the handshake has been excessive, which has also brought shame to the state as a whole.
“We have discussed with the Japanese authorities to have exchange programs between our technicians and experts with Japan in many sectors so that we can improve these skills. “It's a very important issue in the State,” said Prestone.
The report in the Assembly is unclear and unreliable by hiding some of the facts.
Regarding the loss of salaries of the Council employees, Shullai asked the EC whether there are any ways to pay their salaries.
As a lover and sportsman himself, Banteidor said that in the state itself it would be difficult to say to build natural turf grounds, especially if The Shillong Premier League, where the program itself is already long and has to continue to be played every day, so the natural turf will not last long.
The increase in prices has brought suffering to many, especially to the poor.
Speaking on the occasion, Rewben Masangva said, “The children of today have forgotten their culture but it is a pleasure to have such places to teach and learn. keep your customs and traditions.
Speaking on the joining of Congress MLAs to the AITC, Abhishek said it was only when they understood that it is the only party that has the right and opportunity to fight against the BJP in the state and the country. .
They were distributed with syrnot and money.
Many of the people from different villages were surprised when they didn't even know the face and name of their candidate.
Baiaishanlang Kharshanlor, General Secretary of KSU Nongpoh Circle, said that the reason for the KSU Nongpoh Circle to take this step is after the people have suffered from the increasing power outages in KSU Nongpoh Circle. The entire Nongpoh area, and which has caused a lot of suffering to the people, school children, students and others who work in various fields.
The incident occurred in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), when a husband loved his wife and did not allow her to leave him. she will do household chores too and then, he brings her various gifts.
The CM said that this decision today will open the door for taking decisions which will be implemented in a proper manner and to ensure that the basic needs of the police officers are met. needs within the districts and to the grassroots level.
The sources used by the author in writing this book are through letters and messages from the British troops in these hills and the army chiefs in Calcutta and Delhi at that time, he said. Dr Mohrmen.
Violet Lyngdoh (NPP) from Rymbai Khliehriat constituency is the only candidate in JHADC.
Dr. DRL Nonglait was appointed as the President of the Society, Dr. KD Ramsiej as the Vice President, Dr. RP Kharshiing as the General Secretary, Dr. MM Khymdeit as the General Secretary. Joint Secretary and P.Kharshiing as Finance Secretary, Treasurer Dr. Barika Khyriem, Secretary Publication Committee Dr. RS Wankhar, Editor Dr. Thomlin Lynshing, and members of the CEC are Prof. B. War, Prof. S. Dkhar, Prof. Desmond L. Kharmawphlang, Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, Dr. EJE Shongwan.
Reports said that wild elephants have been near the border between Dalu and Sibbari villages and others for about two months.
The winner of the competition was Balapynskhem Shangpliang of JKMP Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
AIS SujaOnce upon a time, the Jews were scattered all over the world because they disobeyed God and chose a curse when they served the foreign gods of the world.
They are appointed and managed by the Managing Committees of various schools or Governing Bodies if they are at college level even if they receive salaries from the government.
Lawyerson War and Iomiki Passah led the closure ceremony. In his speech, Lawyerson War said that the party will close down all the towers including those under construction.
Then God will give them the second death, which will be in the lake of fire.
How far can the Government of India pay compensation to the tribals affected by such an incident? Prominent Russian scientists have assured the residents of Chernobyl that there will be no danger of storing nuclear waste in a large container. made separately.
Tura beat South Garo Hills DCA by 16 runs before being suspended by rain in the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association on Tuesday. Everyone.
He strongly denied the allegation by other parties that the BJP is religiously biased, saying that the party does not discriminate against anyone but believes in the Constitution of the country.
That is my advice to the people of Meghalaya, that we should not rejoice even after the end of the lockdown and the pandemic.
The Government should not change the recruitment policy and should first appoint Bonded Nurses in vacancies.
Dr. Kharlukhi also said that the ethnic conflict in the region may not be caused by foreign forces.
The former UDP leader who will become the PDF candidate from Mylliem constituency said he never thought of leaving the UDP in his life. I don't think I'll leave the UDP but the desire of man is different from the plan of God, man plans to go to another path of God. he said, 'Go on the road to reach the goal.
This report will be completed on the 30th of July.
Four young Khasi men were arrested in connection with the injection of drugs.
Speaking at the reception, Defense Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, “I am delighted to welcome the famous and young film star Sunny Deol to the BJP.” .
Perhaps in that theocracy there is no place for us who are short-sighted.
The match will be played at the Khuman Lampak Stadium in Imphal, Manipur at 2 pm.
Representing him, Senior Advocate AM Singhvi said that Singh's complaint was to challenge the arrest warrant which was supposed to be issued on October the court has previously filed the bail application along with it, and this day has been fixed as the date for the hearing on the application.
Mobile phones have now become a necessity of life.
In a meeting held at the Lumnongrim Dewlieh Durbar Hall, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning C&RD Block, discussed the delay in the working of the office of the BDO Umsning. The reasons, which have led to the delay in the working methods within the Block.
The tournament will be inaugurated by the President of Shillong Sports Association, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who is also a former MLA as the chief guest. The match will start at 2.30 pm between Laitkor Sports Club and Umpling Sports Club.
After the first round of talks, the HNLC leaders returned to their camps on 16th November 2022, where a meeting was held. The HNLC has made it clear that the talks should be held under the leadership of Vice. Chairman of the party, until both sides agree to sign a ceasefire agreement.
Perhaps this belief that has led us is wrong.
Shillong: Congress President Rahul Gandhi today arrived in Garobadha, West Garo Hills to campaign before returning to Shillong tomorrow.
About 9,000 students who completed their education from the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) before 1973 and who are currently residing in Assam, have applied to the WBBSE to get a job. They have requested the candidates to submit their documents to the National Register of Citizens (NRC).
The highest turnout was recorded in South West Garo Hills with 91.15 per cent, followed by West Jaintia Hills with 89.60 per cent. Hills with 75.08 percent and East Khasi Hills with 79.28 percent.
“Therefore, we have launched many programs in the form of Mission Mode so that farmers can earn a living through this initiative like the Lakadong Mission, Ginger Mission, so this jackfruit mission will also open up opportunities for farmers. farmers to earn better in rural areas.
On the allegations by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and his ministers that the church's income is through the sale of thied, Dr. Kharlukhi said, “It is wrong to say that the sale of thied, ka dulir “It's not that we buy but it's a gift, the money we give is just a gift and we do this with the knowledge of all the brothers and sisters,” he said.
He said that the purpose of the robbers, especially when they steal ar-wheelers, is to go from one place to another and leave the goods there.
The competition was organized by Shainskit Dkhar and Sar Lyngdoh.
The opening ceremony of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) Football Tournament was held on the occasion of the MLA of Mawkyrwat Zone, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Thongkhar. Dr. Lumbor Mawsor, Member of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA), members of the MDSA and the public who attended the ceremony.
The senior IAS officer of Ri Khasi, also called on the youth of the state, to demand from their leaders, to pass laws, which will benefit the state, by saying, “10 days, “It is necessary to demand that the MLAs should sit in dorbar for 30 days, 40 days and 50 days a year,” he said.
What is more shocking is that the MDCs have only taken part in the cleaning once and Rs 6 lakh has been spent for the purchase of equipment and labour.
The Government has also identified the fish farming industry as an area that has not been properly addressed and needs to be improved in terms of investment so that according to the target of up to 1 lakh farmers in Meghalaya. may include this beekeeping.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Saturday laid a coffin to commemorate the death of the people's rule of law at a funeral service held at the State Central Library on Saturday. The meeting was held to express their sorrow over the shooting death of four Khasi by the Assam police on the 22nd of this month at Mukroh. died in the state.
Shillong: “We have created many missions from the shynrai mission, the fish farming mission, the fish farming mission, the sohphan mission, and others. the rep is in the state.
Shillong, July 19: The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015 of the Government of India has come into force on 15th July, has become one of the countries in the world that has passed the strictest law against those who sell tobacco, beer or cigarettes and other alcoholic beverages to children as well as against those who sell or market them. and to the children such things shall be given.
Drs. Jemino said that if he stands for the symbol of the party, he will be an independent candidate and there will be no restrictions on him and if he wins he will not join any party.
Justice HS Thangkhiew in his speech as the chief guest, expressed his pleasure to take part in this special day of the children of Niamtre.
He said that as he had promised at various meetings when he visited the villages, he would provide clothes or screens and buffets for the people to use during the parties.
However, in an interview with Dr. Robert Marak, District Surveillance Officer, East Khasi Hills, he said that this is a belief that should not be believed, because sai byrni has nothing to do with protecting against the diseases. you are Bangladeshi.
Shillong: A truck carrying coal has overturned at Umphyrnai near Lad Smit on the morning of 15th June
Shillong, June 15: Heads of various government departments today visited St. Peter's Higher Secondary School to see whether the school is still in good condition. you juh bag.
Following a letter sent by the Harisingha Block Committee of UPPL on 5th July 2024, the BTC has resigned from his post as Chairman of the VCDC on 10th June
“The work will continue after the Eid holidays,” said Lamphang.
He said that at the last meeting the Area Unit had asked him to withdraw his support to the PDF and given him six months to respond.
In the meeting with the DC, the union urged to hold the examinations which the job seekers have been waiting for a long time.
I am the daughter of Merry June, a mother from a village about 30 km from Jowai.
Many school children from all over Khasi-Jaintia Hills have received this award.
There are 8,83,185 confirmed cases and 1,07,416 deaths, the health ministry said.
On the 18th, 2009, a similar incident happened in which 8 people were killed and 20 others injured after a bus they were riding fell into a synrang at Wah Lukha. In 2012, 30 people were killed and 26 injured including two children who survived when a Sherowali Travels bus (AS01Y-7379) coming from Guwahati to Agartala has fallen into a 250 feet high valley until it reaches the Lukha River.
Mylliem MLA who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the road which he owns as MLA of Mylliem and the people who pass by The government has already allocated funds for the completion of the NH-40 road so that it can reduce the heavy traffic jam that happens everywhere. each and every day.
Pomtiah alleged that the Sordar of Laitlyngkot Elaka has told the residents of Laitlyngkot that the proposal to build a by-pass road from the new site is in accordance with the wishes of the state government. However, according to the announcement from the government issued on 8/2/19, it is clear that the government has given permission to improve and expand the old road and not to build a new road.
Mary said the incident happened on the 26th of this month at Umeit village where her son Moon Moon Nongsiej got married.
After each training, questions and explanations were received from these experts and the farmers especially women asked many questions to get information on how to improve their farming methods.
Because the soskular does not match the map sent since 2011, three pawa of the land under the map has fallen to Assam while only six pawa has fallen to Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, the team officials said that these four players who will compete in the Senior Men & Women IFMA World Championship Muaythai, including Lapynshai Syiemlieh, will compete in the squad. 23 and 48 pounds.
Thus this book speaks of the sin of Israel and to bless them again and to give them a holy righteous judgment.
According to the Swiss Bank, foreign holdings increased by 3 percent to CHF 1.46 trillion or T.100 lakh crore in
In fact, both of them expressed their concern about the absence of BDO as the people have been facing difficulties in their daily needs,” he said.
Shillong: The MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has been deeply concerned about the shortage of water supply in Mawkhar, Jaïaw, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and other villages. village.
Women are also encouraged to participate in the tournament and will also invite about seven world famous rowers to provide training for women in the state.
Even these political parties in the state or even these regional parties of our state cannot form a government without the BJP. I have proved this truth.
The MGPSTA has also demanded that the Government should improve the quality of schools with wood as at present there are still many schools across the state which are still covered with tin houses. students in the number of classrooms.
Santa Mary Shylla, urged the teachers to provide good education to the children. She also thanked the district authorities led by the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS for their efforts. The implementation of this project “Ka Lawei” in the children's education centers will enable teachers and children to become familiar with the new teaching methods.
These aquatic creatures, including fish, shrimp, aquatic creatures and others, were launched to the International Space Station by Falcon 9 rocket on Friday.
If it understands that many parents do not want to send their children on these buses, it should run them for government employees.
“If there is a shortage of money, why does the government return the money worth Rs 5242.30 crore?” asked Babu Mayborn.
The US President made it clear that the United States will stand by England and said, "Iran is in great danger.
The Dorbar Kur also decided to ban the change of jait completely and also ordered that the kurs Lyngdoh and Syiem should be given the full number of jait and not only Lyngdoh or Syiem. and that if the mother had followed the customs and traditions of other ethnic groups, they would no longer be Khasi.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chairman of the Committee, said that in a spirit of sympathy, sorrow and sympathy for the family who have suffered such an incident, The loss of his mother in a moment of death has been a great loss especially to the children.
However, in many cases, they were arrested by the village officials and civil society groups.
He said the government should ensure that the people do not lose confidence in the working of the Lokayukta.
On the 29th of June, the child, who was raped by this man, informed the incident to her family members who took her to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital for medical examination.
The two teams that reached the final were Nongdom and Pyndenjathang, where Nongdom scored 5 goals while Pyndenjathang scored 4 goals.
They have been in their own country for about 70 years since they gained independence and were declared by the UN in 1948 AD. During these 70 years.
“We have used the power to arrest the drug traffickers and the CID has done its duty in using the technology to track down the relationship between these traffickers.
The NGT Special Circuit Bench of the Eastern Zone has directed the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to demolish the illegal structures standing on the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers in accordance with the rules of law.
Therefore, he congratulated the RBYF for doing many things for the benefit of the community and the region of RI Bhoi and hoped that the RBYF will become one of the most progressive organizations. for the development of the community and the RI Bhoi region in all aspects.
The meeting was attended by members of HITO, HNYM, AIM, Ka Sur upang ka Hynniewtrep, others and with the support of hundreds of people, who shouted Shakliar Warjri MLA Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawsynrut constituency.
According to Khasi legend, the Soh Niamtra has been in existence in the Jaintia Hills since the time of Bacchiarello.
Once again, he criticized the previous government for using guns and force to intimidate the people.
I don't know why the child is so stupid that he can't do anything,,, he doesn't understand the meaning of 'I'll make you a human being' and aitnar.
Therefore, they demanded that the government should immediately send a contractor to complete what has been allocated for him as the time is short.
Lahkmen Rymbui Local MLA 7 Amlarem Constituency who was also the chief guest on the occasion praised the leader of the Kur, Ma Rajip Lyngdoh for his hard work. through the Kur Lyngdoh Forest who are the Zamindars of this forest.
This campaign on 'Ayushman Bhava' will be a great blessing to all to live longer by taking care of health.
This special gift that God gave him grew as he grew older.
The Nongstoin Hima finally joined India from the Khasi Hima through the Instrument of Accession on 19th March
At the same time, the CM said that the government has also proposed to set up the Meghalaya Technology Park Society, besides which the state already has one technology park.
“Therefore, the work should be ensured that it should be carefully monitored.
She also urged the youth to be responsible and cooperate with the police to eradicate drug traffickers.
Let's go to Assam and ask the MDC to contest now.
He said that the pata was issued in 2009 during the reign of Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem but after the opposition from the Sengbhalang, the Hima Mylliem withdrew the pata in
Earlier, police had arrested four persons accused of involvement in the kidnapping, Wilban M Sangma, Withmil S Marak, Sengsrang Ch Marak, Tengsrang Ch Marak and Aiber N Sangma.
“I have decided to contest as an independent candidate in this election through the opinion of my supporters,” said Bah Sylvester. leave the party and contest as an independent candidate”.
“When asked about the traffic jam in Shillong, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the traffic jam will be reduced by 30 to 40 percent once the Secretariat is relocated to New Delhi. Shillong Township and it is expected that this will be completed in the next 2 to 3 years.
The winners of the 16-year-old women's category were Teihunshisha Nongrem from Sakwang Presbyterian HSS, Saphitobet Sohphoh from Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang and Iamonlang Kharsyiemlieh from Nativity Higher SSM. Rishanlang Sohphoh of Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang, Synranlang Jyrwa of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Bankerlang Kharjahrin of Nativity Higher SSM. Pyrkhatlang Nongsiej of JNV came second and Thymmaibor Syiemlieh of Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam came third.
God took the form of a man when that “cry came near”, to His ears, saying, “I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it; and it came to pass, that their cry came unto me, and I will know it.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: After the Trinamool Congress promised to provide 10,000 tyngka scheme to one woman per household, the Congress party has now promised to provide a scheme of 3000 tyngka to one woman per household. a mother from a poor family.
On this issue, the FKJGP leader from Bhoi, said that the party will not sit back, but will continue and if the government does not listen to the suggestions of the party for improving the working methods within the party. The Entry Point, the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, to prevent the government from being deceived.
Prosperous children in the society have faced difficulties in achieving their dreams due to the lack of good colleges and universities.
Although a righteous decision will not restore the loved ones to their families, or erase what happened, such a righteous decision is essential to overcome the the lying voice of the workers of iniquity, or of those who justify the workers of iniquity.
When inquired, they said that the price of petrol has reached 152-160 per liter and the traders said that the price of petrol in Shillong may increase due to the price of petrol. Government bans vehicles from Shillong.
The KSU through this statement informs the police and the government that many of the members of the KSU have been martyred in the struggle and those who are still ready to surrender themselves for the cause of the Jaidbynriew until Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has said in a statement that the Khasi Hills will be cleansed of illegal immigrants. East Khasi Hills District, under the leadership of General Donlang Nongbri and Assistant General Secretary, Bah Tyllibor Swer, today visited Jhalupara area to collect licenses for shops. whether these shops have the necessary documents to provide.
Jowai: Up to 36 people have died while working for 100 days in Mukroh village in Laskein C&RD Block.
However, PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC Shillong, has resigned from the post.
The reason for the suspension is to wait until the government increases the price of the tenders as the price of materials and wages has increased.
Whether it was on our study trips, the friendship of these often ended their lives with them being strangled or killed.
Then tell me whether it will cure that person, or whether it will spread in the household, and it means that those in the household will also get it,” said Bah Bindo.
Shillong, July 29: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today announced that the Control Room for the Lok Sabha Elections 2014 has been set up at DC Office Room 204 for the benefit of the public.
“We have also requested to appoint at least 4 posts in Grade IV, to appoint more staff in the Outpatient Department (OPD), to increase the number of Staff Nurses. The ratio is 1:30, to appoint more Assistants in various fields such as Pharmacy, Head Nurse and others.
Two leaders from Ri Bhoi, including Bah George Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA, attended the celebration. Nongpoh, other officials of Ri Bhoi District and hundreds of ASHA workers from different villages of Ri Bhoi District.
The court also ordered the Club to send information collections regarding the new laws.
Thus, insulting and despising others is a sin that prevents us from going to heaven, because people who have acquired that nature can never change their minds.
Shylla has resigned from his government post at the Accountant General's Office.
Meanwhile, General Secretary Robert June Kharjahrin said that not only the Rangbah Shnongs have lost their power but the Sengbhalang will also lose if they do not stand up.
After he surrendered, police from Jowai arrested him and brought him to Jowai for further investigation.
As an elderly citizen who has walked three legs, I think everyone will reject the demand of Bah Ardent because the MLAs, as soon as they won, ran away and tied the door to the NPP. They have criticized the NPP during the elections as a Garo party but when they win, there is no Garo party anymore. riew loves shoes.
The theme of this meeting was, 'Building our community through our professional integrity.
The Chairman of the State Election Committee, Dr Kara Chen, while announcing the candidates for the election, said that Damewanhi Rymbai from Khliehriat, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from Umsning and Heavingstone Kharpran from Mawryngkneng have been elected. , Mr. Brightstarwell Marbaniang of Mawlai, Mr. Avner Pariat of East Shillong, Mr. Raja Jyrwa of West Shillong, Mr. Danny Langstieh of Shillong South, Mr. Aibandaplin F Lyngdoh of Mylliem, Mr. Winston Tony Lyngdoh of Nongthymmai, Doris Marbaniang of Mawphlang, and Mr. Overlin Iong of Ranikor.
By forgetting their words of peace.
The team will also face Croatia in the first semifinal of the 2022 World Cup on the 14th of this month in Rotterdam.
There is no RTI to find out how money is being spent without following the right path.
Shillong: On the 13th November 2023, a fetus has drowned in Wahumkhrah opposite Ïewrynghep village.
When asked whether she has received permission from Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Grace replied that the KHADC has not received permission. He said that it was only the dead trees to burn and they were the trees and until now he has not been punished.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nartiang Area Unit has strongly condemned the Dolloi of Nartiang who has been accused of raping a woman from a village under Nartiang Police Station.
The families have suffered from food shortage, lack of shelter, lack of mobile phone network, lack of electricity and other problems,” said the Publicity Secretary of AKHAF. The Great White.
Besides these schemes or projects, there are also those that have been implemented properly, which have adequate figures. Secondly, as MLAs, it is time to make laws and policies for the welfare of the citizens in the state. The MLA Scheme is only a report or progress report of the MLAs once every five years.
On this occasion, the Society distributed awards to 151 employees from these two Boards. The employees who were awarded include road workers, drivers and other employees of small jobs. .
Also present on the occasion were Kong Marybamon Lyngwa, District School Education Officer as the special guest, the Rangbah Shnong of Ïewrynghep, teachers, guests and parents of the students.
On the 9th July 2020, the subject will be Music (Western), Physical Education, while on the 10th July, which is Tuesday, the subject will be Mathematics.
During the inspection, the union also found that there are cleaning places which are only at the beginning and at the end and in the middle is only a dirt road, so where is the color that should be cleaned in these places?
Dr Mozika said the CISF will come on the basis that the appointment will be only two or three years before the State appoints its own personnel to take over.
Rahim SK confessed to police that he had received the pills from Narayanpur, Malda, West Bengal and intended to take them to Silchar.
“The company has been digging and cutting down the hills without following the rules prepared in the DPR,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Regarding the opening ceremony of these development schemes, the Nongpoh Leaders expressed their gratitude to the Nongpoh Leaders for taking the initiative to help these development schemes. border villages, which are also the villages that really need that assistance from the government.
Please continue to read, like and share Rupang.com, your favorite news portal.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Mother's Day was celebrated at the Raj Bhavan, Shillong on the 7th of June.
Swastic Chettri, who tried to score with the help of Sachdeva, scored 82 runs for the loss of five wickets before Chettri lost five wickets. Through the run out, he struck four fours and one six.
It is reported that in this case, there was a lartham, which died.
Besides the love of one's Creator and the improvement of one's physical appearance and one's own family, there is another important thing that man should do and that is to love or He doesn't want to surrender himself for the sake of the country, but when we look at many of the events in this country of Khasi Jaintia, it is clear that we sometimes forget this part of the purpose of coming and our life into this world.
Police said the place where the body was found is only 50 to 100 meters from the Bangladesh border.
Bihar has reported the highest number of cases with 51 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths to 1841. Patna has the highest number of cases. the patients.
West, during an election campaign last month, told of his wife's desire to have an abortion at a time when they were yet to have their first child; not only that, he also claimed that she had gone to meet a fellow singer, Meek Mill, at a hotel; but later, he withdrew the allegations and apologized to his wife.
If they get a lot of benefits, they will be encouraged to improve and expand their agriculture whether it is soybeans or other crops.
The length of highways in the North East has increased from 10,800 kilometers in 2014 to 15,740 kilometres.
The road from Shillong to Sohra was also awarded as one of the most beautiful roads in terms of hills and rivers along the road.
The department has also conducted training for them so that they understand how to put first the safety of the residents.
“I appeal to the voters to establish and not to believe such allegations which come out only during the elections,” said the State President of the National People's Party (NPP). The Model Code of Conduct for the Conduct of Lok Sabha Elections has been promulgated by the Election Commission of the State Government. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has launched a checkpoint checkpoint to ensure that people do not carry more money than the limit set by the Election Commission of India (ECI) has recently announced.
Jowai, March 6: A petrol truck (AS01 FC 6378) coming from Khliehriat and a Maruti Car (ML04 C 0580) coming from Khliehriat collided on NH 44, West Jaintia Hills today. as opposed to.
“We want the State Government to review and renew the old State Reservation Policy 1972 because according to the increase in the number of residents and educated students in the State, the Reservation Policy appears to be a Although in fact our Garo friends have 40% share in the State Reservation Policy while we Khasi and Jaintia have to fight for each other only for the sake of our country. 40%,” the JCCRP said in the petition.
However, Hek's claim was rejected by another BJP MLA, Sanbor Shullai.
This also applies to many cases of human dignity, where a person misuses the loss of consciousness for personal gain.
Referring to the cases against Bernard Marak, Ernest said, “All these will be the decision of the court regarding the bail of this party leader in the state. ".
From July 1 to 30, 2023, an estimated 27 livestock have died in these natural disasters.
The Government of India has banned as much as it can, It has banned us by law, We should not oppose it.
The management of the school has urged the education department to turn to the school to provide assistance for the completion of the new school for the benefit of the people.
It is to be recalled that the market is run under the supervision of the Market Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Wahiajer District.
It is for this reason that everyone is shocked and cannot explain why it has reached this point.
Border guards have continued to increase patrols along the border as part of efforts to prevent foreigners from smuggling drugs and other drugs into the country.
“Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and the time has come to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam,” said a statement sent by HYC President Robert June. Spending.
Khliehriat, June 17 : The residents of Lumtongseng and Sakhri villages, East Jaintia Hills District, have been facing many problems in many areas. This is due to the lack of a proper road and path and also the lack of a bridge on the Umtalen River. many parts of the road were also damaged.
Let’s hope all the events are even better than they were last year.
He said that 167 residents of Umtyra village have come for treatment with various diseases and 47 people with eye problems have come for treatment.
When there is a thorough investigation, it is because of the needs of the people.
“However, this is not against the private sector or anyone but against the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma,” he said.
In order that the applicants of the State especially those with low income will not face any problems in the writing of the examination, the union has urged the Director of NEIGRIHMS to hold the examination within the of the State.
“You and Lydia have come to be a servant...” said Bah Bor. “Yes, I don't want to...” said Lydia. When Lydia had finished all this, she left and went home.
Nongstoiñ, June 20 : St Peter HSS Pyndengrei has won 9 gold, 9 silver and 10 bronze medals on the second day of the CM 28th District Level Inter School Athletic Meet. by the office of the District Sports Officer Nongstoin.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has sought clarification from the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Kong Phidaloi Toi on the allegation that she violated the Model Code of Conduct. NPP candidate from Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla.
The committee headed by the State Principal Secretary Home also visited the site on the 26th of this month and said that it will send the documents according to the report of the state government. to be sent to the central government.
Also present at the rally were HSPDP Leader Hopingstone Lyngdoh and other MDCs including Teilinia Thangkhiew, LG Nongsiej, James Ban Basaiawmoit and KP Pangniang.
And the Vanarasi sweet potatoes and the beb or the sweet potatoes, thing me.
He said that once he has received the money, he will not hesitate to meet the Chief Minister to congratulate him, because his warning and the government by imposing a fine will frighten everyone. government employees, that they will not dare to protest or fight against the government no matter what it does.
The Commander said he hopes that PN Syiem will also discuss the issues of the farmers in the House and also to urge the government to introduce an agriculture policy and also to implement the agriculture policy. The party has sent various demands to the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma but he has not done anything yet.
He said that the union is pleased to know that after returning to Ri Bhoi District as the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, he has also been appointed as the Project Director of the DRDA. The union expects that many development works will reach the border villages of Meghalaya in Block II. He is also an officer who has the authority to influence the Assam government especially on the violence of Assam against them. residents of Block II,” said Bah Blikstar Sohtun.
He said that the two cases of swine flu were from outside the state and there has been no confirmed case of swine flu in the state.
In addition, the lawsuit states that the contractor who performed the work was not well-trained in heavy construction.
For example, if your children are under the age of 18, you should not allow them to drive because they are not old enough.
In order to commemorate U Khulu Malang, the founder of the Christian faith in the Sutnga Presbytery, the Sutnga District Youth Assembly (SELD) has organized various sports programs and concluded the ceremony. the program on Saturday.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has demanded that the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) should immediately repair a bad part of the NH-6 which falls under Umdihar village. and the village of Dulongnar.
The opposition MDCs today rushed to the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to inform the Minister of District Council Affairs (KHADC) that the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed as the Chairman of the KHADC. the ruling party has been defeated.
In a statement, MCTOOA President Augustine Shanpru said that the government's challenge to the powers and authority of the districts is the intention behind this. ethnic groups under the jurisdiction of the district council.
Not all of them are free from the spirit of those who write in their mother tongue.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that it was through the follow-up of the MLA of the area and the village leaders that the CHC has been successful.
They will again search for herbal remedies like in the old days.
The Lama of India is a symbol of hope and aspiration of the people of India.
Regarding the complaint of the residents that the search operation has been too intense, which has also disrupted the movement of the residents, the CEO urged the residents to be patient until the end of the year. 27th of June.
Goa will qualify for the AFC Champions League while Bengaluru will qualify for the AFC Cup qualifiers.
Shyrkon and Kharduit have completed their physical and written examinations in the past months.
Besides the crowded market, the vendors while talking to this reporter also expressed their surprise at the plan to set up a shop in front of the jhur market which has disrupted the movement of the people.
Therefore, nguhlet is to pray frequently to thank and ask God for salvation.
He said the GST will be India's major milestone in innovating the tax system.
Even Nicodemus, who went by himself to meet Jesus in the evening and received an explanation of the resurrection, took a long time to come to repentance.
The following are among the fruits and vegetables rich in antioxidants which can improve the health of the body.
Shillong: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has decided to raise blue flags and banners in all the main places in all the provinces. North Eastern States on 11th November.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Erwin said that to prevent the illegal recruitment of non-Khasi people through affidavits, the Khasi Hills needs to be implemented properly and fully. Autonomous District Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997.
According to the rules laid down by the Meghalaya Cricket Association, boys and girls under the age of 18 years must be born on or before 01/03/2
Such incidents of immorality by Khasi youths, have been expressed by many and one of the teachers, said, “On the 1st, we had a khana at Umiam Pond, but we had to to come early in the morning, because the young men and women, have become brave again and committed immorality in front of many churches at the banks of the Umiam Lake.
To do this, pastors and elders must first be tied.
The party has made many allegations against the NPP to mislead the voters in this election.
Meanwhile, Bah Isagaha Lawrynniang, BDO Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, expressed his satisfaction with the opening of this market for the benefit of the farmers in the area.
Furthermore, Bah Adelbert asked the government why it does not collect taxes from the trucks that travel by tens of thousands of vehicles every day, why does it collect taxes from the people? Why haven't they implemented the coal mining policy until today? The reason why the Government cannot provide clarification on coal is because many of them have their own coal mines and therefore do not make their own laws.
Therefore it is useless to argue face to face with him, for the time of the arguers and the people is wasted.
“There have been many exit polls, I don't trust them,” said Bah Hek.
This sudden change of color of the river has caused another widespread death of fish which has caused a lot of concern to the residents of the nearby villages.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, on Tuesday dismissed the allegations made by Mukul Sangma against the CM of Meghalaya for having close ties with a drug trafficker from Mizoram. proceedings of the Court for violation of the rules of law.
During the visit, the SCB also complained to the residents of the area after the Puh Shilum demolished the house.
The Knia Khlam and Wahbhang were the last rituals held today after the breaking of the Rot brought to Pyrda.
“KHNAM strongly opposes the government's plan to bring the base of the rebel group in Khasi Hills as this has an ulterior motive to occupy our land to form the Garo Territorial Council as it has been. “It's a territorial council,” said Bah Kharkongor, MDC of KHNAM from Nongthymmai.
The CoMSO strongly condemns the Governor of the State for not approving the MRSSA Amendment Ordinance 2019 and demands that he should immediately sign the Ordinance.
For those who have not yet recognized and accepted Jesus Christ as their Lord and Saviour, to understand that God is unchanging and able to deliver, said the statement. Rev.P.Hynñiewta, Senior Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne on Friday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the View Point at This place has Maw Khongngoid to attract tourists because from this place you can see the Umïam Lake, Lum Shyllong and the beauty of the surrounding area.
If we the people have eyes to see and ears to hear, we should be surprised from this sleepless night and being insulted by those legislators of ours whom we call “leaders.
After that, they will water only according to the needs of the soil.
Shillong: The Union Cabinet led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Department of Telecom (DoT) to extend broadband through Wi-Fi networks from the country. Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) on 9th November
In the final match of the U-14 category, Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbhong beat Umsning Presbyterian School 2-0 .
Nongstoiñ, November 11: The 'Relief Team' under the leadership of Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh and Bah S Marbaniang on Saturday visited Lai Lyngdoh area to donate sleeping clothes before Christmas. .
Gotmare survived the terrorist attack.
At the same time, the traders also gave their full support to the KSU's opposition not to allow the opening of Import and Export through the Tamabil Check Point.
The demand for ILP has not been implemented and the demand for Entry and Exit Point has not been implemented.
Subsequently, the Barato Dorbar Shnong conducted an inspection of the boundary area on 27th June
On this day, besides playing with them; These children were given food and gifts.
Pariat hopes that Pynthorneiñ will become an Ego-Agro Tourism destination and will become a treasure trove in the coming days.
He urged the farmers who came to receive the training to take part, come and complete the training so that it will be of benefit to them.
Shillong, March 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District today lodged a petition with the EE PWD Umsning Division and demanded that the PWD department should repair the road. PWD from Liarbang to Umpohwin Mawlasnai and so on to the border areas which have been destroyed for decades.
Tej Pratap Yadav, son of RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav, said he was forced to marry a city woman who lives a luxurious life. It was against his will and he admitted that for these many months, he had lived a very difficult life.
Shillong: The residents of Umroi Ribhoi District today met with the Additional Secretary of MeECL on the issue of protecting Umiam.
Acts of the Apostles, 17:30-3
It is learned that today, there was a traffic jam for three hours, in which vehicles, passing on both sides of the road, were stopped from the bottom of Sohlong village from above and up to Dawki bridge to the bottom.
“Even researchers have regarded Thomas Jones as the father of the Khasi alphabet,” said Bah Pangniang.
God who created this earth including the planets, the stars, the sun and the moon.
The Jews therefore answered him, saying, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? They threw him out" John 9:26-3
On the deterioration of the parts of the road including the parts from Pynursla south, Prestone said that this too has been discussed and agreed that NHIDCL will repair the parts of the road which have been badly damaged.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that from time to time they have gone to talk to the government from the Minister Incharge of PWD Department Sniawbhalang Dhar, ADC East Jaintia Hills as well as the Minister Incharge of PWD Department. officers of this branch.
At the meeting held at the DERT Annexure Conference Hall in Shillong, Bah Kharshiing explained the need to link education and sports especially to encourage the active participation of children from the age of young.
Jalyiah UTD has been promoted to the First Division after a good performance in the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) this season.
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte;
Many houses collapsed and hundreds of people were killed.
He brought back the picture he had almost forgotten and began to finish the work.
This is also the time when candidates start appearing with words that can mislead the voters.
The voice of many churches is that they have been shocked by the division of their fellow leaders in many areas and if this situation continues the trust of the people will be lost and it will be very difficult to regain it. you have faith.
Upper Shillong, Mawngap and Mawphlang will be closed for two hours from 12 noon to 2 pm.
On the other hand, it is against changing the name of the country from India to Bharat.
BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang after meeting with the Commissioner of Transport, PW Ingty, said it is surprising that the government has exempted SPTS from paying tax. , such as passenger tax, professional tax, insurance, MLMTU and others.
“While I was walking in the village, many women and children came and insulted me with words and this is an old belief, which used to please the goddess Indradev.
The leaders of the RBYF Umden Circle who were confirmed on the occasion include Samla Shanbor Trang as President, Phondes Syiem Secretary, Riphang Malai Vice President, Manbha Marbaniang Publicity Secretary, Sbun Malai Sports Secretary, Nicholas Syngkli Finance Secretary; Sunny Khymdeit Organizing Secretary and many others, who were confirmed by Bah RJ Thangkhiew Political Secretary of the Sengkmie.
Laloo will be appointed as Director of Community and Rural Development, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and Agriculture and Farmer Welfare Department.
Most of the households and society are fighting against drugs but the most dangerous thing is against drugs because these are the most harmful drinks in the society. long house long family.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leader said that the KSU has decided to hold such tournaments to encourage the youth of the jaidbynriew to develop their talents.
However, the complaint is that when taking the price, the Hima takes the price of Sq.
Shillong, July 17: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 51 runs in the fourth and final match of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy against Manipur in Surat today.
In the Khasi language, the term related to the opposition to one's church is called shitniam, but this word does not only refer to the religious but also to the opposition without understanding exactly why.
“As time went by, my father threatened me and until this moment my relatives started to see the miracle and tried to ask me, but when I fell to stay alone at home, because my relatives sent me to stay alone with my son on 27th July (Naitung) 2021, my father came to visit me again in the evening and I ended up I thought I wouldn't open the door anymore but he locked up my house and I couldn't help but call my family to tell them the goods so they came and I told her everything that happened.
Sri Lanka need a 2-0 victory against New Zealand and India, who have not beaten Australia in the tournament. They will play their Test match in Ahmedabad to qualify for the World Test Championship.
Mylliem couldn't score a single goal until the end of the first half and thus suffered a defeat.
He said that the discussion on this issue will go first through the district presidents, secretaries and community leaders as well as the party workers.
Nongpoh: The residents of Umdem Village near Maikhuli Village, one of the border villages of Ri Bhoi and Jirang Constituency, have been living in darkness for three years without electricity.
Therefore, when this is the case, it requires more and more of us the people to live and think every moment so that we will not be misled.
The driver has been charged under five sections of the Indian Penal Code relating to attempted murder.
Police have recovered heroin, T.3500 tyngka and two mobile phones from the suspects.
Kni thought it would be different if he went to Mawlai even if there were still class Xi and class Xii.
The session of the KHADC Legislative Assembly, which ended yesterday after three days, passed eight Bills.
It is learned that today, some of the workers have cut down the petrol pump, which has been closed to take it to 7Mer, where the construction is in progress.
These essential shops can be opened in Khliehriat East & West Market, Ladrymbai, Umpleng, Chiehruphi, Lumshnong, Sohkymphor, Sookilo, Saipung, Semasi, Jalaphet, Rymbai, Wapung, Sutnga, Bataw and Umkiang and shops in villages or townships under the supervision of village authorities and market committees.
for in heaven there should be no strife.
At the same time, he urged her to ensure that the doctors take action.
The Kongsan of this celebration will be i,.
Jowai: The JHADC will hold a special session on the 13th at 11 am to elect the Deputy Chairman of the JHADC. He has been appointed as CEM from the NPP party. In this election, there will be MDC candidates from the UDP, Congress and NPP.
After they had eaten, they went to the house and ate together.
A family in Tigray said that two of their four children were in primary school when the fighting broke out.
Their minds have reached the point where they don't understand the difference between opposition and propaganda and this has shamed the country as a whole, until it has become difficult to watch or listen,” said Bah Kharkrang.
Through this march, the students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat have appealed to the students who are still holding cards and also to all the public to refrain from smoking or smoking. eat u raja, khaini and other bad foods because if you drink and eat them it can cause many diseases such as cancer, and many other diseases that affect not only you or your body. users but also affects others.
However, marriage according to the Christian faith is a concept that comes from God.
“All flesh is grass, and all its glory is like the flower of grass.
One child got a stick from his plate.
The desire of the government ministers to distribute pigs and cattle doesn't make sense, because they can't grow and sngaid plung well from their hands but if the government really wants, it should distribute them to every village. , to elect those who are worthy, those who have a purpose, those who love the farming, not to give only those who are the supporters of the party to serve for five years.
Among the participants in the parade, the girls of JNV Nongstoiñ won the first prize, followed by Nongstoin College in the second place and Sibsingh Memorial Govt.
This drug is available now, but it is sold by brokers at a price of 1000 rupees higher than the price of 3-4 piah.
They urged the EM KHADC to take action to convene a meeting of the 15 MDCs in Mylliem Hima as it is surprising that we have called for patriotism but on the other hand it has never been heard that the MDCs of Mylliem Hima will meet to discuss the issue. They spoke in one voice on the violation of the Act 2007 and the Rule 2015 of the Hima Mylliem.
Furthermore, to correct errors such as Name, Race, Age and other citizens should apply in Form-8 through Nvsp.
Joining the 12-member AITMC, Conrad Sangma said that the CAA will destroy Meghalaya.
Manthan Gupta took 4/20 in 16 overs, Apandanka Marak took 4/63 in 24.2 overs, Paisal Ali 1/15 in 6 overs and Gau. Rav Jyoti Thakuria scored 1/78 for 23 overs.
The War Jaintia Circle also strongly condemns the MLA of the area for not accepting or doing anything and for not recognizing this issue even after the party and many churches have requested the authorities to do something. either either this.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30 : The Dorbar Shnong Nangbah Pyllun today decided to give its full support to the election of Lakhon Biam as MLA in the 2023 elections.
:The West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) Jowai will hold the Open To All Cricket League
The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the ox, and the serpent shall not hurt them.
The Hynniewtrep parties do not have the courage to sit in the opposition because they have been in government for all three years.
Lajong Junior had more chances to turn the ball over but couldn't score until the end of the first half.
After the KHADC prepared the Bills and sent them to the State Government, it expected that the Bills would be approved, but the State Government did not send them to the Governor, but sent them back to the State Government. the District Council on the grounds that the rules and regulations for the establishment of Dorbar Shnongs and matters relating to public administration have not been disclosed.
Speaking to reporters, the HSPDP candidate, Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, said that the HSPDP is no longer afraid of Dr. Mukul Sangma. When asked, the HSPDP candidate said that the party leaders have taken seriously the mid-term elections in Nongstoin where the President Rangbah of the party, Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit has been in Nongstoiñ since 3rd November, the day of nomination to campaign for the HSPDP. He said that according to the election rules, the campaign should be suspended for 48 hours. Before the polling station, he said that the HSPDP has only one house meeting left to hold in seven places.
Earlier, the government had also assisted 13 colleges.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has called an emergency meeting tomorrow to discuss and find out the cause of the collapse, which has also raised questions about the purpose of the dome.
Dr. Kamwadae Syngkon, Secretary RC-Jowai 2022-23 and Rtn.
The KHADC has directed that the Polling Agents of the candidates should arrive at the polling station half an hour before the start of polling. hep vote.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the All Assam Garo Union, today evening, held a public rally and Thang Mombati at Ampher 12mer village in Assam, as part of the protest. The sudden death of two Garo people last month in Haryana.
All the residents, elders, mothers, youths and women are invited to attend the Dorbar.
Other sources said that the post of Minister instead of Metbah has been understood to go to Brolding Nongsiej MLA of the UDP from Mawthadraishan.
“We have received complaints from drivers and owners that the necessary documents have been left at this office for many months, and this has caused them problems as they have been fined by the police for not “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Shillong, Nailar 30: A youth from Mawlai Datbaki village has drowned in the Wah Thum Thum near NEHU this morning.
I would like to tell you that this is just the government's reason because it wants to destroy us poor people who live by working day and night.
However, he has been waiting until now that he can no longer join the party, because he has seen the work of the BJP under the meeting of Narendra Modi.
Shabong said the prohibition of Muslim men to have up to four wives is also written in the holy book of Islam, the Quran.
She expressed her surprise that in 2017, the MBOSE has just changed the textbooks for classes 8, 9 and 10 in some subjects.
The issue will go to the European Parliament, which starts next month in Brussels.
When you think about how much money your parents have spent to pass your degree.
Regarding the many comments on the age limit for school children, Kong Balarina admitted that it was too late to complete the tournament due to the large number of schools that will participate in this tournament. .
“Our party has done a lot of good for our state by sending money for many schemes, the state government should not be discouraged but should express its gratitude to the party leader. He is also the Prime Minister of the country, Narendra Modi.
The NGT coal ban was one of the issues discussed at the meeting.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has received the first tranche of the Atmanirbhar Loan worth more than T600 crore. The second part of this fund comes from the Central Government.
“I don't want the voices and songs to disappear only after the death of the singers,” said Bah Rana.
The Inspector General of Police, said that police have arrested 11 persons for investigation into the shooting death of five persons on 3rd November 2020 in Lawsohtun.
The incident happened in Mumbai and the husband was shocked when he found that his husband had hidden his head by covering his head with a blanket. shniuh doesn't have a wig.
Rs 1.51 crore has been allocated for Urban Primary Health Care Services (UPHCS), followed by Rs 23.30 crore for Urban Health and Wellness Centers in Meghalaya.
Mr. W Nongbri, Executive Engineer and Officers of the PHE Department.
To date, there are 91 members of KAS but 34 of them have passed away.
At this meeting, the President of JHBA explained that this has been decided through the Association and the price set should not exceed Rs.500/- (San spah) for Parents who have children who have studied at the Degree (graduate) level, and shall not exceed 300/- (Laispah) from the fee of parents who have children who have studied in XI and XII. On the other hand, the leader of the Association, explained that the lawyers can charge less than the price, but not more than the price.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The President of the Pork Traders Association, Bah Donlang Kharumnuid, on Tuesday said that the American pork cutting method is not suitable for use in the country because people are not able to buy it. .
“Of course there are casual employees who should look after the cleanliness of the Institute, but they don't take care because they haven't received any payment from the government. “It's a good idea to have a training course,” said Lecturer B.Nongrum.
Our leaders are now more understanding and some have changed.
These two countries, Bangladesh and Myanmar, can no longer do anything to help their own citizens, except to rely on the charity of other countries.
During the train stop at the railway station, the police did not allow the children to go to buy drinking water.
The entry of these people into Parliament to commit these crimes has raised serious questions about the security system in the Parliament of India.
Neil received the Padmashree from the Government of India in 2015 and under his leadership, the SCC has also won the India's Got Talent competition in year 2010.
“When they want to do it, when they don't want to do it, we will not allow, we will intensify the protest.
The rape has been committed mostly by the father and mother and in some cases by the neighbours.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Thursday congratulated the athletes of the state who will compete in the National Games. 37 will be held in Goa from March 25 to November
Shillong: The Pastors' Fellowship of the Church of God, Meghalaya, Assam, today decided to suspend the opening of services in various churches of the Church of God, Meghalaya and Assam. whether in the city or in the countryside.
“The opposition has done its part, I am in the ruling party and the path does not lead me to do that but we will look at other parts in the future,” she said.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has not yet auctioned the coal in the state without the permission of the Coal. India Ltd.
Two persons have died today and the death toll has risen to
Now suddenly a hunger comes, not a hunger for food or bread, but a hunger for Wisdom and Love.
The DC urged the people to cooperate and not to gather in any place or shop and to cooperate with the Waheh Shnongs and the district administration.
In these days, we have seen a lot of confusion in the formation of the new government after the people of the state have already given their decision.
Jeweller Synrem, Congress candidate from Nartiang Constituency, and Lakhon Dkhar, Independent Candidate from Sohmynting Khliehtyrchi, will contest alone for the CEM of JHADC, MB Rymbai.
At least three people have been killed in a fire in Naharbari area of ​​Dimapur in Nagaland on Sunday night.
However, a tragic incident happened to the patients at the Civil Hospital because when they arrived at the place for the ultrasound, they were detained for more than 2 hours.
The State Government has now worked hard to include these languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule.
Who would want to visit places filled with pum pum, garbage and noise from quarries? Another impact of illegal quarrying on tourism is the destruction of The income of those people who sell along the roads because when their place of business has turned into a parmaw, there will be no such feeling from the buyers to stop buying from them.
“Our wish for the company is to run the business well going forward and the Government should always be in the middle to judge.
We oppose this decision of some colleges by sending the students to pay immediately at that place and if they don't have the money they have lost.
When harvesting, two larger leaves are cut along with the shylluit; this produces a better leaf.
They don't have time to sit during the day, to clean, to clean, so those who are tired of cleaning, especially the men in the morning, cover their hands with darkness all over their lives. together with the sacrifice of the 'lei ryngkew'lei, the king of rasong, the king of nijiar, the king of Lukhimai, and the good agriculture, the seeds, the plants.
The Government through various Block or Departments of Government such as PWD, PHE, Health, etc should not leave it to the Village Authorities but should look into it and take action if they really want to bring about cleanliness around the area. the village of Khasi-Jaintia.
There has been talk in recent days that the air is one of the carriers of the coronavirus and in these days, scientists have confirmed that these viruses come from the air and They are the smallest signs that they are carrying the coronavirus.
They stated that the land was acquired at the request of Atiq.
The Government's inability or unwillingness to make public the findings of this report is because the Government has made a mistake in directing the Police Department and wants to protect the bloodthirsty people in the Police Department.
Samla Ajit Makri, former President of HANM, said that the reason why he along with his fellow leaders and members from 11 Circles in Ri Bhoi except Nongpoh Circle, was because the President The leader of the party does not listen to the opinions of the members within the party.
Speaking to reporters in Guwahati, Sangma, who is the chairman of the North East Congress Coordinating Committee (NECCC), alleged that the BJP is only raising its voice in order to win the elections.
Consider all these things, and be amazed.
With the authorization of the Chairman, the players have taken action and convened a general meeting on the 16th of this month and elected the new leaders.
However, it doesn't matter, because the independent MDCs remain the independent MDCs, nothing can be done,” said one MDC who did not want to be named.
Replying to a question raised by the opposition in the Dorbar Tlang that they are confused about when the MDC elections will be held, the CEM said that as MDCs they are prepared for the elections because they don't know. it will be immediate or postponed.
He said that the residents of the village can no longer listen to the actions of Bah Twinkle Buhphang, because he has done many things ranging from issuing NOCs to foreigners, misuse of NOCs. the Letter Head of the village in many ways, which the people of the village themselves do not approve of his actions.
If he is punished only for doing his duty, then who will dare to fulfill his duty in the future, especially against the strong?
The result of the examination will be announced on April 20, 2023.
Staff Maj Gen Mohammed Khalaf Saeed, interim chief of the Anbar Operations Command, said more than 5,000 policemen and almost all police forces fled the area after receiving reports that the Anbar Operations Command ISIS has turned to the area, and now it is said that there are only 1,000 troops left to defend the country.
“Our wish is that the Khasi should love the Khasi language when speaking and writing,” said Dr Nonglait. straight".
With the collapse of the Fadnavis government, Ajit Pawar was appointed Prime Minister's Secretary to the Shiv Sena-NCP-Congress government led by Uddhav Thackeray.
Many of the villagers do not have their own land and to farm many of them use the land of others.
Khliehmuchut Sports Club and Iawmulong Nartiang Sports Club have won the 2nd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
He said that according to the report sent by these committees to the Prime Minister, the demarcation of the boundary will be based on the nature of the land, customs and traditions. land, shyiap, marriage and others.
New Delhi: Replying to reports that the Indian government will withdraw the T.2,000 notes, Anurag Thakur today said, “There is no need to worry”.
Shillong, Nailar 10: Two youths, Dr Kitkupar Nongphlang and Rickey Cooper Pathaw, have alleged that the Medical Superintendent Dr DD Tariang and Administrative Officer KTRynjah of Robert Hospital have increased their salaries. They said this while talking to media in Shillong today and demanded that the authorities should remove them because they have worked without the knowledge of the KJPA. bright.
Shillong, July 2: The Grand Council of Chiefs (including the Chiefs, Sirdarships, Dolloi, Nokmas and Federation of Khasi States) will meet on July 4, 2013 to discuss the a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
Aizawl: There have been 440 new cases of covid-19 in Mizoram today, including 88 children, the health ministry said.
The meeting was conducted by the President, Bah Soren Kharsahnoh and was led by the Secretary, Bah EW Kharsahnoh.
The Seinraij Jowai immediately lodged a complaint at the Jowai Police Station and arrested the suspect, Samuel Latam, from Mynthlu village.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Syiem and Executive Dorbar of Mawiang Hima have expressed their deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Chief Executive Officer of Mawiang Hima. in the state of Meghalaya.
Speaking at a meeting held at Khliehtyrshi on Saturday, Ma Madonbai Rymbai said, “My works will speak and I am confident that I will win again with more than 1000 votes this time”.
Through this message, the union would like to send a message to all these foreigners who come to sell in the district, that if they continue to oppose, they will have to take responsibility if any incident occurs. K Rymbai, General Secretary, said in a statement.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Government, Dr. Mukul Sangma today expressed the demand of the Congress Party in Meghalaya that the ILP and MRSSA should be implemented within the border. of the entire state.
Conrad said the Government has already set up Regional Committees headed by Ministers to resolve the seven areas that have not yet been resolved with Assam.
In the second half, Myriem scored another goal but Wahkaji soon turned the tide through Firstbornson Thongni.
Since the opening of the school, children from Nonglang, Mawkapiah, Kyndongei, Langja, Umwahlang, Kyrdum, Mawsikar, Umbyrsit and other villages have flocked to the school. The school doesn't have to walk many kilometers.
Regarding the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sanbor, he said that he gives his full support to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. government does not work.
“My victory is because the people especially the youth and many educated people want change in this constituency, and it is the will of the people that they have decided to elect me” , said Kong Rona while talking to Rupang.
However, they have not yet announced the date on which the suspect will be heard and produced before the court.
On the other hand, T.Pasah said that the Forum and all those present at the meeting, said that the main purpose is to ensure that Block I and Block II should reach Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: The District Authorities of Ri Bhoi and West Karbi Anglong, have held an emergency meeting at Sabuda to discuss how to improve the situation. maintain peace and order in the whole area.
Shillong: The State Government will resume the export of major and minor coal to the state, said the Symbud. Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong.
Banrikynti Ryntathiang, who was involved in the accident, has been trying since yesterday and night to meet and talk to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Edward Kharwanlang and the Secretary Shnong, Joy Rynjah. it is that despite the efforts, it has not succeeded.
According to the Constitution of India in this democracy, the Governor of any State cannot just listen to himself, but must inform to the President of India if he finds at any time that the administration of the State in the State can no longer be carried out smoothly in the manner in which it used to be carried out (ie. some of the reasons that cause confusion).
Six months later, KHNAM received the report from the Pasteur Institute on the evening of the 9th of June.
We read new publications for benefit, to accomplish work and goals, and for other reasons.
Start such games that can improve mental development.
Eiladki scored the first goal in the 5th minute, while Daïamon added the second goal in the 12th minute.
On this occasion, the supporters of Dawan Lyngdoh, including Lambor Lyngdoh, the head of the Kur, said that this is the Saiñ Hima Sima of Dawan Lyngdoh even from the point of view of the Kur, Jait and Family. They have agreed to contest the 2023 election independently.
Shillong: The Pastors of the North East India Federation of Charismatic Churches (NEIFCC) have sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shri Conrad K Sangma. K.Sangma to request for the reopening of churches to hold services, in compliance with the protocol.
The time is now to fight against corruption and fraud that is rampant in the administration and administration.
Bah Samlin is a former Sohiong MLA who resigned as HSPDP MLA and joined the NPP as a candidate in this election.
“It is a method of planting trees that can turn hills or lowlands into forests,” said Dr. Dutta.
Furthermore, they also strongly criticized the ministers and basan of the Hima who were the electors of the Syiem, accusing them of being only the handmaids of Pa'iem Kynsai.
Auditors and 12 members were also elected.
Two men were trapped in the landslide on the evening of June 14, when their vehicle was hit by rocks.
The Tyrna Youth Welfare and Development Society (NGOS) has received these awards from among many NGOs in the State of Meghalaya on the basis of its ability to work effectively and efficiently in the implementation of development projects. for good works in the community and economic development in the rural areas by working together with various government departments.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest urged the Khasi students that when they are in Bengaluru, they should not have a sense of differences between the Khasi people and to be united to promote their language. , culture and nation to the top of the mountains, and also reminded that as the youth of the nation, we must remove and overcome the stigma of discrimination and discrimination to do small jobs because this is the and the way for us to govern ourselves in all respects.
To find out the reason for the sudden increase in the price of food items, Rupang spoke to a Shillong Chamber of Commerce member Ratan Sethia, a food trader.
In this Karate tournament for the title, various skills of the players were showcased.
Therefore, what I mean is that we should wait until the investigation is completed and not just accuse the police of using force or violating the orders of that person in the raid.
Shillong: U Mukesh Jain has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 8th of this month at 6:30 pm, two unidentified persons on a motorcycle shot dead Bhanwar Singh. Manager of Petrol Pump at 3 Mer, Upper Shillong and 2 other employees.
Laloo said that there are two mothers who take care of these children in all their needs from food, drink, clothes and so on.
Bah PN Syiem, together with the leaders of the PDF, launched the election results of the party.
Neighboring residents, on seeing the incident, immediately informed the Pendra Police Station and the family members of the house, the fire brigade and the crowd, who started gathering, at the police station. around the fireplace.
Robert said the JHADC should also improve the Social Custom of Lineage Act and said that the custom of other ethnic groups is more severe in Lum Garo. also expressed his opinion in Lum Garo.
On the border issue, while we are together in Meghalaya, we should not allow Conrad or anyone else to arrange as they please. Follow the Naga and Mizo people to fight for their rights. We should no longer just talk about words but we should do it with courage like the Nagas and Mizos.
Daphah Lapasam scored the first goal of the match in the 42nd minute.
It is a strange custom to convert those who are not of Khasi blood into Khasi.
