“If we go to this state, it will cause us a lot of trouble because we don't understand the language to speak and the work to do,” she said. those places.
A few months ago, I discussed this with the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly (in a meeting) that in the 80s and 90s, there were hundreds of newspapers in Motphran, but now there are only 5 newspapers. Khasi newspapers in Shillong and 3 English newspapers and many others remain only in their names at the office of the Registrar of Newspapers for India (RNI) and at the office of DIPR, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : Lalpani and Dangar Dop are the two villages besides Balat which have been affected by the flooding of the Umngi River and are in urgent need of safety measures.
Despite this, the match continued and the fans of Mawlai stood in the same place to cheer and support the team until it won 5 goals to
Bah Shngaiñborlang urged the public to call 76280 57296 if they find or see him.
After completing the inspection in Meghalaya, the delegation will also visit Assam.
He said the disappearance of MLAs during the planning to form a non-NPP government is a horse trade.
Marki Lamare, who inherited the traditional medicine, shared the plants as well as the roots and stems used to make medicine.
There are also those who want money from Hima, Raid and Shnong, who auction it to the authorities, and the Assam officers come to collect it.
To discuss these issues, she said that she will invite the NHAI officials to discuss these issues and will hold a special meeting on Monday at her office to discuss these issues. the demands of the party and the people, she added.
Tura, November 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the new Batabari Community and Rural Development Block, which falls under West Garo Hills in the presence of MLA. Rajabala Constituency to Abdus Saleh.
According to him, although many of them have not yet received recognition, there are about 1200 Khasi doctors who use herbal medicines for various diseases and ailments of the Khasi people. .
The SP said that East Khasi Hills District Police under the leadership of Sub Inspector Md Kayum, who have learned of the incident, have rushed to West Bengal to search for the girl.
He also announced that he is still waiting for the allocation of funds for the construction of the indoor stadium worth Rs 10 crore at Lawsohtun.
Lajong are now ready to play away from home against Rajasthan FC on November
Mahua Moitra, MP Krishnanagar, raised the issue at zero hour on Friday and demanded clear information on the distribution of advertisements in the media and whether there are any. newspapers, which are out of circulation.
Now, the farmers' protest has been going on for more than three months and is continuing and growing.
The match which started at 1:45 pm was between Lamlynti FC and Kharang SC. without donation.
The above are just the incidents between these years that I wrote about.
With 10 goals each, the match became more intense, but by the end of the game they couldn't score any more goals and managed to score 10 points each.
In the middle of the night he dreamed: “Lydia came to meet him and said, 'Hep, I love you.
The MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC are held once every five years and the polling day will be in June if it is to be held in
Many women have to bear the burden of their families because their husbands whom they love and trust are still leaving them.
New Delhi, Jymmang 16: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has directed the Finance and Electricity Departments to submit a proposal for a half-hearted reduction in electricity bills in Delhi.
During the meeting, Rev.GS Lytan, Pastor Incharge, welcomed these elders and expressed his gratitude especially to the DC for taking care of this task.
Shillong, November 11: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Shillong, has sentenced the Chief Justice of Shella Confederacy to Wallam Phrang Mawphlang. District Council on the suspension of Tobias Tiewdop, his members and the Dorbar Shnong Shella as a whole.
The Governor also launched a memorial book of the college on this 50-year journey.
The purpose of introducing this Act is to oppose the prayer, faith and spiritual belief of the people in all areas.
“It's been a year since I've been driving a steam car,” said Marchborn.
When they arrived at the scene, they found that the box was inside a cremation ground covered with earth about 7 or 8 inches. They tried to open the box and found that the box was wrapped in plastic. He said that the village authorities did not want to disturb anything and immediately informed. to the police.
Pyniaid said the KHADC will receive T.52 crore out of the T.111 crore released by the government and this will be brought to the Budget Session.
I waited for a long time inside the shop and my mother didn't come anymore because she was busy. I was happy to sit inside the shop.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the State Government has already collected information and identified the illegal immigrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh; However, the government needs to follow certain special rules before repatriating these foreigners.
Not only the security forces, but also the ways and means to boost trade with Bangladesh where Meghalaya should take advantage of the opening up of the central government.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The matches scheduled to be held on the 20th at Kiang Nangbah Stadium Govt.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wahsarang congratulated Velley Shangpung for donating to 35 households in the village.
“The curfew under Section 144 (1) CrPC has been decided to implement which prohibits any person either alone or in groups from leaving their homes in order to bring peace and stability in the region," the order said.
Police have taken the unidentified body to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Regarding the suspension of the construction of the school by the Assam Police, the KSU Laskein Circle strongly requests the Government authorities to take immediate action so that it will not affect the plan of construction of the school.
Speaking on behalf of the Chief Minister, Gokhale wrote, “I look forward to your reply with the date and time, according to your understanding, in the first month of April. , that the meeting with any minister, the MDA government, will send against Gokhale.
NGEA President Brithen Sangma announced this despite his regret, at the same time informing that further action will be taken on this issue.
It is worth mentioning that the address of the letter was written in the name of Pher, Laimer, Upper Shillong-Opposite Gate of St. Paul's Seminary and the Pin Code of the letter was not filled in. Please provide the full address such as District, State or the name of the Post Office.
According to sources, the driver of the truck died on the spot and the passenger was seriously injured.
Meanwhile, a team of the District Child Protection Unit (DCPU) together with the Meghalaya Police went to Rimpu Bagan to collect the clothes and documents of these children.
The dispensary was funded by the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, Jowai Area Council and thanks to the initiative of the MDC of the area, Aiborlang Shadap through the SAG scheme of JHADC. ha 26.02.2022This clinic has been running for only 7 months but it has been able to treat 5526 people from different villages, said the Sister in charge. Cecilia F Basamotang's Dispensary.
Other JSU office bearers include Aplang Lamare Vice President, Treiborlang Suchen General Secretary, Nilkee Mukhim Assistant General Secretary and Tricky Mukhim Finance Secretary.
In his speech, the Prime Minister acknowledged that there has been economic growth in the region which we have never seen before.
United Sports Club scored the first goal through Sajib Mondal in the 38th minute.
When asked whether the BJP will join hands with the NPP again after the elections, the BJP leader said, “In politics, everything else can be done”.
On the occasion of the International Youth Day, T.69.6 lakh was distributed to 61 youth organizations in Garo Hills.
Through this social media, the residents and the villages have been warned to stay awake at night in each village to protect themselves from these gangs. a picture of a child showing that the neck, throat and legs have been cut off.
The Vice President of the KSU said that after the three days of night curfew, the KSU will hold another meeting to continue the protest in the state for the implementation of the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) in the state. state.
Rangdajied United FC will play against Langsning FC at 3:15 pm.
Dozens of men and women were taken to hospital with injuries while some of the female policemen were also injured in the incident.
The match between Mawmotmyndaw Football Club and JCB Football Club was between Mawmotmyndaw Football Club and JCB Football Club.
Young people should not be addicted to social media and waste their time, but should use it to search for information that will help in many aspects of life, said the General Secretary of the Khasti Students' Union (KSU) Donald V Thabah speaking as the chief guest at the swearing-in ceremony of the office bearers of the KSU Wapung Unit and honoring the students who passed well on the 21st of this month at the Community Hall Wapung. Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, November 22: Hundreds of residents of Wahthapbru village in North Shillong Constituency have benefited from the medical treatment conducted by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew. Prime Minister Narendra Modi who arrived in Shillong on November 18, 2022 to announce development projects in the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
On the other hand, the union urges the DC's office to take action by finding ways and means to improve the road even if it is temporary.
To go to higher education you have to go to Nongstoin, Shillong or Guwahati.
It is to be recalled that on the 21st June 2022, this child was electrocuted which caused her serious injuries until she lost all her limbs including both her hands.
At the same time, they requested the government not to throw them away like niut ki nier, the government should think carefully about the work they have done for many years, because as Other government departments which have provided service for only 2 or 3 years are the ones who will be full time in the job they have done, concluded these contract teachers.
The teachers also demanded an increase in their salaries to the Sixth Central Pay Commission and to pass the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) before they can become teachers in schools.
Hearing the problems of the village leaders and residents of the area, the Congress MLAs and MDCs have decided to take action and completely resolve the problems faced by the residents in Block-2 .
In the rynsan saiῆ hima, many of them were like children.
Former Secretary of the Construction Committee, Homeland Lamar, in his speech, said that the cost of construction of the hall has reached more than 89 lakh tyngka.
Hek met with Union Minister of State for Tourism and DONER Kishan Reddy at his office in New Delhi, where he also discussed how to promote Eco-Tourism-cum-Fish. sanctuary in Meghalaya and also to promote the Model Rural Tourism Village Cluster Development which will provide employment opportunities and attract tourists to the rural areas, besides the development of tourism in the field of health. through the use of herbal medicines.
Damonlang Pathaw scored the third goal in the 63rd minute after 18 minutes of the first half.
Explaining on this issue, Bah Rymbui said that since 1990, the garbage has been dumped near the Myntdu River in Riatsiatsim. Since then, the residents have been expressing their opposition because the dumping of garbage in this area has caused a threat to the health of the residents.
He will also hold a meeting with the Block Congress Committees and District Congress Committees Presidents on the following day and on the second day.
Shillong: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Tourism, today clarified after receiving many questions regarding his disappearance from the tourism department. in the past few days to talk about the employment gap.
The union urges the residents of Langpih area and outside the area not to join hands with these Khar Nepalis to hold this market, which could bring back the threat to our country.
The residents of Sohiong constituency have been shocked to learn of this tragic incident.
The Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 contest ended on Saturday at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Since the independence of Meghalaya, there has been no time for the government led by the National League for Democracy (NLD) to last three years but it has failed halfway through.
Age Block 3.
The RBSU has appointed Gumbris as President, Amrose Jamu as Vice President, Centerfield Thangkhiew as Office Secretary, Sainkor Thangkhiew as Publicity Secretary and Kitbok Jamu as Sport Secretary.
Speaking to media, Momin expressed his gratitude to the Government of India and especially to Prime Minister Duh and Defense Minister Amit Shah for respecting the feelings of the people by releasing the Sixth Schedule. and the Citizenship (Amendment) Act
The special program will be held from 1 pm at Lympung Weiking, Jaïaw, where the two speakers this year will be Rgh S.Kharshiing member JPK Seng Khasi Kmie and Rgh Puramon Kynjing Dolloi Jowai District.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Government of Meghalaya on November 20, 2022 inaugurated the Dorbar Hall of the Village Council. Lawblei, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District has received a garbage truck donated by the MLA of the area, Ma Shitlang Pale. Pale.
There are some schools where four buses have been deployed with police escort for the students who are going to write their examinations.
In the MDC elections for Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills, the RDA has made it clear that there will be no prior arrangement or understanding between the candidates and they can stand on their own.
The arrested suspect was identified as Anwar Ali of Pasol village, Bangladesh under Jaintiapur Police Station and another friend of his who escaped was identified as Manwar. Ali is a truck driver in Bangladesh.
“Hek said that so far there has been no meeting of the various political parties in the state on this issue but it is only their own opinion. He will call for a discussion on this issue and they will discuss it carefully and take a decision for the benefit of the people.
“From the visit of these groups from Goa, we have been able to discuss and agree on the governance system here in the Council and theirs in Gao,” he said.
That is why the Word of God says – “Pray for the peace of Jerusalem” Psalm 122:6
In Assam, the declaration of 'disturbed area' has been implemented since 1990 and after the restoration of peace, the 'disturbed area' has been lifted from the entire state of Assam, except in nine areas. districts and in one subdivision of one district since 1st June last year.
The pride of righteousness is very bad and this leads to hypocrisy in man and is a sin that can never be forgiven.
The impact is devastating.
Their sons – Hiram and Lamhun dressed according to their wishes.
Speaking on the tasks that the young man has to do if he reaches his goal, he said, “The tasks that I stand for are to accomplish what my father has stood for. “The border, the Khasi Jaintia State and the customs and traditions and to protect the land and others but these are the priorities,” he said. who still have to meet with the Party to transform the city of Nongstoiñ.
He also threatened Hindus living in Canada by accusing them of giving cooperation to India.
On the tragic incident, the Administrative Secretary of the PCI, Rev VL Lauiahranleh, said that the Pakistani government should provide peace to the Christians who are the minority in the country so that She said that such incidents will never happen again and that this incident has brought shame to the lives of Christians in this country where most of the inhabitants are Muslims.
Ban Pyngrope urged the youth to be more vigilant in this area as Dong Lum Marboh is the gateway to Nongrah and unpleasant activities have started from this area before they can enter. to other parts of Nongrah.
In the CMPDI Plan, Bah Madal said that the Plan should be implemented salonsar for all, but here it cannot be done because it depends on the size of the coal mine. Small land, some whose land is madam, some whose land is sharing.
The scheme was announced by TMC State President Charles Pyngrope at a meeting held at Pine Wood Hotel, Shillong in the presence of Trinamool Congress Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma and TMC Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma. Opposition Chief Whip of the Legislative Assembly, Bah George B. Lyngdoh and other TMC leaders. Through this scheme, the TMC has promised to provide financial support of T.1000 per month (12 thousand per year) to all youth. The TMC has also promised to employ up to 3 lakh unemployed people in the state between the ages of 21 and 40 years in the next five years.
The order was issued today, 31st June 2019, in which it was written that the inspection has been continuing for more than a year, since there was a clash in parts of Motphran and Them Metor, says more news.
Your mother, Isabel and Piedade, is from Cape Verde.
Bantei, who is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong, said the incident happened at 4 pm on Monday while he was driving to Meghalaya House in Guwahati.
It is worth mentioning that last night, the Umsning Police Outpost, had seized the body of a newborn baby wrapped in plastic, but had broken it in a plastic bag. One place is near CHC Umsning.
The Unemployment Youth Development Society, Mooshrot on Friday honored two ASHA workers in the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : U Minister of C&RD Bah Hamlet Dohling together with Minister of Agriculture Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of Mawkynrew C&RD Block at Block Headquarters, Mawkynrew C&RD Block. .
“To wait for a drink first.
Your mother is crying because you have a mobile phone.
Fourthly, the Government should not announce any decisions immediately without giving time to the public.
He said that even the Ministers of the Government and many others are not aware of these incidents and struggles that the elderly have faced in these years. .
"In praise of the hard work of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya in negotiating peace on the border issue, the group said, “...the MoU has been signed. signed on 29th October 2022 (in the presence of) Union Minister Amit Shah.
The seminar was attended by prominent saints including Bishop Andrew R. Marak, Bishop Jose Chirackal, Fr Joy, Fr Francis, Fr Thomas John and Fr Bromith.
And this God has prepared in advance for the one who is to come, who is Lord of lords.
The Dorbar decided to follow up on the issues raised by the special ritual of the Jotkiri religious leader and also elected Shitang Rymbai as the interim ruler of the Elaka.
Most of the top players of Ryntih SC have not been able to play in the tournament and there are only 14 players because they are in other clubs in the country, who are in the middle of trials and some of them are not able to play in the tournament. are among the injuries.
Conrad said in his Budget Speech that he has increased the allocation for tourism to Rs 173 crore.
“There are still other MLAs from other parties who have joined the BJP in the state besides these,” said the Vice President of the BJP. ".
As the party we appeal to all the citizens of the State to be vigilant and not to allow us to fall into the trap of these who are trying to steal not only our soul but our identity.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (MSSASA) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the transfer of 12,541 SSA teachers from Meghalaya. the State Implementation Society to the State Education Department on a regular basis, as per the Right to Education (RTE) Act.
Sri Lanka qualified for the World Cup after beating the Netherlands in the final of the 2023 Cricket World Cup Qualifier at Harare Sports Club, Zimbabwe on Sunday.
Employment is one of the most important issues in human life and the future of the youth depends on it.
These 20 persons have sent a letter to the government to recruit them, and lastly they sent a letter on the 8th of this month, but the government has not responded to them. and that is why they have taken another step to hold an indefinite strike.
Then God asked – Why do you ask me? Ong said the Holy One.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that he has many plans to develop the Sports Clubs in Mawlai which have joined the SSA and he will help as much as he can to meet the needs. of these sports clubs so that they can compete with other clubs.
The Shnong itself has just cleaned the dewbilat on both sides of the road and has just improved all the village roads so that the village will be clean and free from the production of garbage. The Shnong has requested the authorities to repair the road but they have not listened to them. just keep it up until now.
“Of course, after the shooting of Bah Che, there is a feeling from the people, but for now, I don't feel that there is such a feeling that we have to be careful because the talks are going on,” he said. Sadon.
Over the years, the attitudes and thinking of people have changed.
John said, “Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world” (John 1:29).
There were also Ayurvedic and Homeopathic doctors.
“He said that the State and the country as a whole have lost 2-3 years of recruitment due to Covid-19 and other reasons, and therefore the government has to consider before introducing a policy to reduce the age of application at such a time when young people are waiting and preparing themselves to apply for many vacancies within the Police Department.
The leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi-Umiam have expressed their surprise at the news released by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Eastern Ri-Bhoi against the SNSBH. Vice Chairman of DKRSRBD, Bah FM Mawphniang and Rangbah Shnong of Bhoirymbong, Bah Scaling Basawiamoit.
She said that the National Aids Control Organization aims to eradicate the disease by 2030 and to achieve this is through education to the public through programs and treatment options. myself.
“In fact, the Lineage (Amendment) Bill is only a copy of the Clauses of the Clan Bill.
>Electric poles should be installed up to 6 feet above the ground so that children cannot climb, especially in rural areas.
This was stated by KSU Napuh Circle Leader KS Suchiang after submitting a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
How can I fight?
Regarding the leadership in Garo and Khasi Hills, Bah Charles said there is no such thing, because he is the President of the party, and it is your duty to lead the organization forward.
Therefore, when the world has a group of leaders for the good of the whole world.
Most of the rainfall flows into the run off areas and only a small amount of rainfall stays in the hills.
Shanmuganathan was also criticized by political parties including Thma u Rangli (TUR) and CSWO who held a public meeting to condemn and strongly oppose the Governor's action.
NEHUTA invites and invites everyone to participate in this day.
NPP Jowai Block President Darilang Lamare said that the NPP Jowai Block has expressed its gratitude to the MLA for releasing T.5000 to the 800 victims.
Manipur scored another goal in the 83rd minute through Phijam Meetei.
In the league stage, Mission SC won 2-1
On Thursday, 19th June, 2024, the people of the state will elect two MPs from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Constituencies to the Lok Sabha.
It is also the time of many marriages in different villages whether in the city or in the countryside.
In this article, these scholars generally state that the indigenous peoples of India can be divided into four groups, namely Ancestral North Indian (ANI), Ancestral South Indian (ASI), Ancestral Tibeto-Burman ( ATB), and Ancestral Austro-Asiatic (AAA).
Three of them are from the same household in Dangar, Mawsynram C&RD Block.
To instill in the minds of children a sense of pride in India and to promote knowledge.
According to Dr. Jemino, the UDP has confidence in the MP elections as it has MLAs in 12 constituencies and 17 MDCs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HYF) under the leadership of Bah Banraplang Kharpor today visited the iron factory known as M/S Shree Shakambari Ferro Alloys Pvt. Ltd is located in Rwiang, Nongstoin.
The woman was rushed to the Civil Hospital in Ampati.
Referring to the situation in the State, the CM said, “On many occasions we have faced problems due to the huri hura but we have been able to control them.
Charles Pyngrope said that so far the MLAs have received only 6000 tyngka.
The counting of votes in these three states will be held on 2nd October, after the polling held on 27th June
The meeting was conducted by D.Thongni, IED Coordinator, SSA South West Khasi Hills District. , Special Educator, RMSA, South West Khasi Hills District.
The New Year celebration in Jowai, as usual every year, this time too was peaceful and peaceful in which the residents of different villages took to the streets to dance and greet the New Year 2024 and welcome the New Year
“The LRBBJ road in the areas which should lead to the border villages of Hingaria, Huroi, Lailong Laijri has been neglected by the government until now without construction. The dirt road has affected these villages in the area because the lack of roads has affected the trade, health and also in terms of health.
He said that the BJP in the last election has won four out of three states and has been able to rule itself.
Compared to previous years, it was seen that this year alone, most of the students who sat for the Matric examination have scored 100 out of
The President of the Persons with Disabilities Association also explained that those under 18 years of age can get a certificate of Temporary Disabilities if there is a possibility of rehabilitation, but those over 18 years of age can get a certificate of Temporary Disabilities. He said that those whose disabilities exceed 40% are considered as Permanent Disabilities and such persons do not need to be verified because their certificate has been verified while the DSC has certified them as Permanent Disabilities. Disabilities who take exams to get jobs are sent to see doctors, he said.
“I live in Shyiap which falls under Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency. I am still in talks with the elders of Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency. “I will have to meet with the party I will join,” he said.
In the protests against the attacks by foreign authorities.
He said that regarding the arrival of tourists from abroad, the government has already directed the Tourism Department to hold a meeting to gather the people involved in this sector. to consult and submit a report to the Government, so that the Government may take a decision.
Then you will hear whether Lyngngam is Garo or Khasi.
The Addl.Deputy Commissioner, I/C Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Bah L.Kynjing said that he is grateful to the Rangbah Shnong, officers of NERLDC, POSOCO and MePDCL for their support. this program was conducted.
“If we look at the outside, it looks good but the inside cannot be known and these can be known only after various tests have been conducted. it shall be done in these days and in the days to come.
Regarding the cleaning of the streets, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, have praised the Rangbah Shnong, who has taken the initiative to clean up these streets.
“If you want many development projects to come from Delhi, please vote for the BJP,” said Bah Sanbor while congratulating the residents who took part in the meeting organized by the BJP 17-North Shillong. constituency.
They held a meeting at Lachumiere and from there they will march to the Secretariat.
At the same time, the MDC urged the people and Hima to take advantage of the opportunity to register their land with the District Council. At the same time, he urged other constituencies in the state to take this opportunity to register their land with the District Council.
He recalled that in the recent budget session, he had already informed about the power outages in various parts of the state.
Prof Laloo said the university has not yet submitted its reply to the government.
Shillong: The JSU Central Body and the JSU (Shillong Circle) today met with Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare on the delay in the operation of the Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong. The government has delayed the opening of the new building of the Maternity and Child Health Hospital at Ganesh Das Shillong.
For those households who do not have ration cards or who have lost their AAY, PHH cards but whose names are on the list issued to the Fair Price Shop dealers from the office, they can take the ration. I'll tell you.
As part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri, the Khasi New Year was also celebrated according to the lunar calendar. He urged the people to become educated, educated and earn their rights by pointing out that education is essential for the future of the nation in all aspects.
The report also said that PSG will soon resume their journey in the tournament with a trip to Troyes in which Messi will miss.
The KSU said that before the police came today, they had phoned the contractor and demanded that he should stop the work. place where the bridge is being built.
How can the owner of the land and the sons of the righteous be saved?
“There are reports that some Manipuris who are foreigners have started applying for documents from the headmen of villages like Happy Valley, which they have turned into a “They will be recognized as full citizens of Meghalaya,” said the Chairman of the AIM Meghalaya Unit.
According to the Chief Secretary, another reason for the accident was the speeding of the driver and the lack of respect for the rules of driving.
Collin Wanñiang, ItaliaThe news these days and months about those who are called “Menshohnoh” makes me go back to my childhood when there were many stories about those Menshohnoh.
Trisha Bera scored 4/16 for Meghalaya, DD Dutta 3/16 and Pinky Chanda 1/24 while Vandana Mahajan scored two runs and dismissed two batsmen for Bihar.
Bah Gilmil Syngkli, from Umjarasi village in Ri Bhoi District, is a man who supports his family only by his skills in handicrafts.
There are also tools that cannot be lifted, because they are heavy and difficult to lift by human power.
It also directed the two district councils, United Cachar and United Khasi Hills, to conduct a joint inquiry.
Besides, for those who have completed class X, XII, if they want to continue their education, the government has prepared special facilities and if they have the talents in any type of employment, the government provides assistance to them to stand on their own feet by setting up jobs to support their future.
Mats Hummels and Christoph Kramer have been ruled out of the game against Algeria due to illness, while Kramer has not been able to train for a week.
Government schools especially in the rural areas need to have qualified teachers as they have been overcrowded from year to year.
Puja Committees shall comply with the directives of the Central Pollution Control Board and the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board relating to the Environmental Protection Act.
The Government has done many things in the last five years but it is not easy to do all the problems of five decades.
However, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said today that the government will look after the health of the people first and said that this is an important part of the government.
On this basis, the leaders of HITO Umïam Area together with the leaders of the District and in the presence of the village authorities, women's organizations came out today to clean up the garbage spread in the area. The height of the Flyover at Umïam.
The Regional Committees have already held meetings and the border talks with Assam are on the right track, he said.
In the celebration of this special day, taxi drivers have temporarily stopped working which has caused the Iawmusiang market to become crowded.
In this MDA government in collaboration with the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and NCP, we find that the government ministers in charge of the PWD department are also contractors with their own companies.
Likewise, these other types of public leaders are called politician types of representatives.
The first round of the tournament was held in
This is the third meeting between the members of the Organizing Committee and the office of SDO (Civil) Sohra to discuss how to promote the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon 2023 which will be held on the 30th November. 2023 which is a technical race approved by the Athletic Federation of India which is the highest athletic federation.
Stevenmark L.Kynshi scored the second goal for Seven United in the 22nd minute and Mebanlambet Warjri scored the second goal in the 42nd minute.
Thus they went along, these handshakes of one party against another.
The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will hold a public meeting of the farmers of Ri Khasi Jaintia on the 10th of this month at Mawkhar National Dorbar Hall, at 11 am. .
At this Fish Processing Unit, through the latest technology, it will be possible to produce tungtap which will be sold in various markets across the state.
The report also takes into account the equality between women and men based on five indicators, one is on violence against women based on the population of less than 10,000 thousand women; the number of sexes at birth, the percentage of violence against women, the number of Self Help Groups (SHGs) of women who are also involved in fundraising activities.
In the first half, Shillong Lajong had the opportunity to score the first goal through Mebannangkiew Thabah in the 25th minute.
Furthermore he said; “We are deeply concerned about the delay in taking the final decision on the amendments and request the Government to expedite this process so that we can expedite the decision.
He said that once you have come to the Council, there are rules that you have to follow and you don't have to go with an affidavit to say that you used to give jait to your father from jait A. type to B that the mother is type B, to just announce in the newspaper is not.
The Minister said that Pawan Hans has a dolphin and three helicopters to carry passengers from the state.
It is also the day when Christians commemorate the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
New Delhi: A group of Naga MLAs from Manipur met Home Minister Amit Shah on Friday in New Delhi to discuss the issue of Manipur.
The District Councils, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC have met twice with the State Government to discuss the Central Government's wish to amend the Sixth Schedule. the state has taken notice.
“After the investigation by the DC's office and the Magistrates in Myntriang in July, the KSU and the villagers have been waiting for an explanation but for three months now, there has been no such thing.
In another incident, the BSF in Ganganagar, West Khasi Hills, seized 20 cows worth T.3.2 lakh which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
Police suspect that the young woman has died for more than 10 days after her head fell off.
“This revision of the customs and traditions is primarily to promote the dignity of women, not to think that it will be an insult to women.
He said that in the upcoming election, the Congress will win many seats in Nongbha Shillong due to silence, while in Ri-Bhoi, the INC candidates will win up to 4 seats. He also confirmed that Vincent H Pala will be the Prime Minister for the next three years.
Why can't the Seng Rewlum, who claim to love the nation, come together under the same flag to work together when they have the same purpose? Why do they stand against each other ? Isn't it a threat to other nations? Doesn't it show that we don't have unity and isn't this what makes other nations come to live and rule here?
The acquisition of these things by unrighteous wealth, which destroys the sleep of such 'rich ones.
In particular, the union requests the cooperation of the people, the rawon who used to khwai in this river and various Dorbar Shnongs to fight against this illegal activity, so that the creatures that live in this river will not be destroyed. duh kind.
This shows that there is something behind this illegal activity.
It is necessary for the Rangbah Shnong/Rangbah Dong to join hands and cooperate with the State Government at this time to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The KSU said that the DC has promised to take action to provide assistance to the family of the refugee and the DC has also promised to direct the officers to take action to conduct an investigation to bring justice to the Rangbah. The union also demanded that the DC should expedite the investigation and arrest those involved in the murder of (L) Tellme Talang.
DKhar said the government should set up an independent inquiry to verify this.
“The government has allocated T.22 crore to improve the roads from Lad Mawreng to Mawphlang under the project to improve before the traditional food festival,” he said.
Tynsong made this promise during a meeting with the leaders of the Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today (October 27, 2020) at his office at the Main Secretariat.
The tournament will be held to bring closeness, peace and unity among the people of the state.
A relief and medical camp and other facilities were also set up at the ground of St Peters Higher Secondary School Pyndengrei, in order to provide relief to the villages affected by the floods.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) is currently conducting a thorough review of the law whether the NGT order is stronger or the High Court order is stronger, said the CEO and Secretary of MUDA. E Kharmalki while speaking to Rupang.
?" Rida said, "Don't worry, I love you..." He said again, "Don't do that... Don't do that." Rida begged many times with these words; person.
After the meeting, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla handed over the award to Bah Beningstar Lyngkhoi.
The Mawlai MDC also praised the police who have dedicated themselves to work in Mawlai especially in the past years when the insurgency was still rampant. It should go to the police who lost their lives during the insurgency.
Mulait United FC and Lamyrsiang SCC will face off for the title of the Super Division Football League sponsored by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
The earth provides for these needs of mankind.
The diseases, which he had were Type I Respiratory Failure with Acute Kidney Injury with Acute Liver Injury with Acute Pancreatitis with Covid Positive status with Ischaemic Cardiomyopathy with Severe LV systolic dysfunction.
The Kur Pale will hold a meeting on the 3rd June 2024 at Moodop Nartiang at 10.00 pm.
no:- 6009594917Email: fedrickc11@gmail.com.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Lapang said that PA Sangma has inspired this heritage and he is a man who cares about the welfare of the society and who has worked for it. for the good of many.
The second article protects against the right to be treated unfairly before the law.
All the winners of the Kickboxing Championship will be selected to take part in the National Kickboxing Championship, 2023 which will be held from the 1st to the 3rd of this month. March 2023 in Dehradun, Uttarkhand.
>Owners who use or install generators/or generate electricity above 9.5 KVA must obtain permission from the Electrical Inspector before operation.
“Those who support and join it, give money and schemes while those who don't support, give away schemes and give money,” he said.
On Friday, he drove his SUV and 350 kilograms of explosives into a bus carrying 78 CRP policemen. U, 22, a school dropout from Gundibagh village. and which is also the most insurgency-prone village in the Pulwama district.
And Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty years.
The ONGC Siu-Ka-Pha Multi Specialty Hospital has strengthened health services in Assam and surrounding areas.
On the other hand, the family members said that as a family they have faced a lot of trouble since the death of the father of the family in
He recalled that as a people's leader for 26 years, he has never taken any decision without consulting with the people of Nongkrem Constituency.
“However, the department will take steps to ensure that the mining and trade of coal should be stopped immediately at all costs,” he added.
This is the statement posted by the Election Commission of India on its website.
He said that those who fight against it will be prosecuted according to the rules of law.
Speaking to reporters, the MLA said that since the days when he went to campaign for the 2017-2018 election, he has seen this deterioration of the road and after being elected as the MLA of the The constituency has remembered to do something, but because there are others who are ahead of us to complete, he has not been able to visit this road within the first year.
Speaking to media, he said he had seen the same attempt at the use of money and coercion in recent years in the last Garo Hills Autonomous District Council elections.
The MSSDS has registered about 9000 trainees and nearly 4000 trainees under Skills Meghalaya alone and aims to empower the youth of Meghalaya through various skills. .
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstar Marngar, said that the students are no longer lagging behind in education, but the lagging behind is the Secretariat because it does not have enough working materials. improve your reading.
While working on this project, Bah Arjun Nongshli has built a special Kali Thela (Tri-cycle) The Thela was also donated by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem for the collection of these bottles of water and kyiad. There are many public places in the Nongpoh area.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his satisfaction with the decision of the BJP government to amend the Sixth Schedule and congratulated @Modi on Twitter.
Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Because the schemes have been implemented in Mawlai through the MDC NPP, the people have elected a wise person.
It was also witnessed today that the people traveling to and from Assam from Jorobat to Khanapara have had to face traffic jam from Jorobat to Khanapara where the road was filled with public vehicles including those coming from The meeting was attended by Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India.
The union also demanded that the farmers should be provided with low and good quality equipment through the subsidy scheme, such as pesticide pumps and machines such as power tillers, water pumps, and others. others.
“And they shall rule them with a rod of iron; and they shall rule them with a rod of iron” Revelation 2:26-2
— The essential oils in tympew leaves produce anti-bacterial properties which can help fight diseases and also because they are rich in phenolics and phytochemicals, they can work quickly to fight diseases.
He said that the problem is very difficult to implement this scheme in this era, not like in the past. He said that we don't know why the government has not been able to implement this scheme. complete this work until now.
The next morning, the four children suffered serious injuries and two young children died on the way to hospital while the mother and father were taken to hospital for treatment.
Nongpoh: The District Urban Affairs Unit, Nongpoh District Office, Nongpoh will hold a khwai competition to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of dumping garbage in the streets and streams.
Shillong, July 12: At the time when they should have been happy to go to school, it is sad that the children have had to spend the time to go to work by losing their happiness because they have to support to the long family.
The road from Bamboo Hut to Kali Mandit, Keating Road, will be closed to vehicles and from now on, vehicles will pass through the road from Kali Mandir to Bamboo Hut.
The launch of the book was attended by Lok Sabha MP VH Pala, Congress Leader VH Pala, MLA Shitlang Pale, MDC JHADC including RS Lyngdoh, DC and SP of the district and others.
Do you think people will call “good” someone who looks at someone who is sitting down? Dear readers, let us look a little more at the disease according to the Bible.
He also asked how the Petrol/Diesel Pump was approved without the knowledge of the residents of Umran-Dairy.
In the RTI reply dated July 1, 2016, it was replied that the department has spent up to T.2 crore 20 lakh for the Bollywood film 'Rock On-2' T.1 crore, vehicle T.70 lakh, food T.43 lakh and security T.7 lakh.
Lutituber won 3-1 against Mukhla Raij.
Mawkriah West opened the scoring through Laurence J. Nongbri in the 15th minute, but Mawnianglah Youth SC opened the scoring in the second half through Ronaldo Rani in the 47th minute.
“We don't want to do everything to fix everything like that either.
“Some supporters from Meghalaya together with a few leaders from Meghalaya held a meeting at one of the private schools in our village.
Compared to other constituencies, although it has been independent for more than 40 years, the region is still lagging behind in terms of weak leaders and officers. The government has been left behind and it is because of this that the region has been left behind in all aspects.
Why don't we understand the prayer we used to pray, “Our Father who art in heaven...” If God dwells in the church, we should pray, “Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.
The party has praised the initiative of the Madanryting Dorbar Shnong to prevent the illegal entry of suspicious voters into the area.
He said that Mawlai is not a slum because there is a North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in Mawlai, where all the students from the North East and parts of the country. India comes to study here.
If we examine this election which has been held dozens of times, are the leaders who win or leave elected by the majority? It is unlikely that we will find that the leadership candidates today are only two or alone.
He also alleged that the BJP has lost power in major cities like Delhi, Karnataka, Chennai and others.
“We have set up venues so that everyone can participate especially all 600 employees of the Council and we cannot hold it in the Conference Hall of the Council which can accommodate only 50 people,” said Antonio War. , EM budget.
If you don't trust that private doctor, your body will be destroyed, your soul will be destroyed and your sins will be destroyed.
Vehicles except those with car passes or any vehicles that need urgently for unavoidable reasons will not be allowed to pass through this road to avoid traffic jam.
(Amring) and Mynriang streams along the watersheds to the source of the Umsati, and down the Umsati to apoint opposite Tahpat Village, then in a straight line to the source of the Umkhyrmi, then down the Umkhyrmi to the Myntang River and down the Myntang to its confluences with the Kapili River.
He said that the heritage collected in this book and the nature which is the source of this book are the things that define our nation.
He also recalled the incident in Ichamati where one member of the KSU lost his life and other members were injured in the incident.
In the SSLC examination, Lakhon Larry Brown Khonglah came 9th in the First Twenty,” said Kong Bareh.
In this way, it has been provided in other places such as the Governor's House at Raj Bhavan and other places of worship.
When we have God, we have everything in our lives on earth,” said Bishop Victor of Nongstoin.
He said that in each post, an account should be kept on the reservation roster which produces the share of Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, other ST and SC. The Office Memorandum said that in order to prepare the reservation roster, the names of all the candidates who are in office and hold the positions until the date of issuance of this OM, starting from There are no roster points available, but the implementation is continuous according to the available roster points.
The duty of church leaders is to open the eyes of their followers and to teach them whom/what legislators should choose.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the Border Road Organization (BRO) has started the work to remove the old bridge.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The Farmers Committee of Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah SB Sban Khongjoh together with the farmers has decided to release the second part (Part-II) of the film Farmers. They believe that agriculture is the only way to improve the income of farmers in the District and the state as a whole.
The Working President of the NPP, Dr. Don War, welcomed u Bah Anthony and praised him for his good character. and his determination to work for society in a righteous and holy way.
When I turn to the cross on Mount Calvary and ask about Jesus Christ who bore and suffered the sufferings of the people, I realize that if Jesus had lived now at this time he would have stood up for us. A young woman from Meghalaya who now lives in Bengaluru has been insulted, threatened and accused of forty kinds of rude words.
In the past few days, they have been shooting with bird nets, and some of them have been injured in the shooting by the Karbi group.
On Sunday night while returning from Lumrit, 2 buses carrying churchgoers were stoned and tied by a Nepali in Nongmynsong. That these 7 villages who have attacked the TYNRING and who have not fallen under the Tynring who have criticized the Syiem Khyrim are just the words of children who have spoken without thinking or thew, they have spoken like children. In the past, the power of the Syiem existed, the power of the Bakhraw existed, and the power of the Sordar and the Dorbar Shnat Raid Tynring was strong because it was the owner of the land. they have no right to interfere with the land.
Pakistan's Home Minister Rana Sanaullah has slammed former Prime Minister Imran Khan for allegedly plotting to take his life.
Although the OC of Dawki Police station has worked hard, the traffic jam has been temporary.
Children to participate in the Sub-Junior category must be born on or after 1st July,
At the same time, Shillong received 82.2 mm of rainfall while Umiam received 71.4 mm.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit today slammed the CEM of JHADC for allegedly smuggling weapons from the border guards.
We have set a goal to brighten Meghalaya and we will work as a team to make Meghalaya strong,” he promised.
Mihsalan Truh is a twelfth grade student at Shillong Commerce College.
The struggle of the flesh: Our struggle in life is the things of the flesh.
In the fight, the father did not win alone, but the next step, they found the kuratia and immediately, they dressed the kuratia and as soon as they dressed it, they They pulled out the body of the child, in the hope of recovering the child, who was inside the body, but when they removed the snier of the kuratia, it was found that the child had died. died and thus, the little boy was buried, with the last honor and also the kuratia.
He said that to fear God and to obey our parents means to obey the commandments of God and our parents and when we obey not only by words but also by deeds, the Bishop concluded. Ferdinand Dkhar.
Five other soldiers, remain missing, till last night.
She said that they didn't have much time to prepare and train before they left for Sri Lanka but it was through the encouragement of each other that the team didn't lose hope but fought hard and to win the gold medal.
“It is their own flesh and blood and it is the work they have done, but they are still willing to break the law which is like killing a bapli.
This was announced in a statement by Bah Peace M Nongsteng, Secretary.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from East Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday welcomed the surrender of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council. HNLC).
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issue of the Seng Khasi Mylliem's ​​acquisition of land in Iew Mylliem Rim, especially the sudden laying of the foundation stone without the knowledge of the village.
During the inspection by KSU Narpuh Circle and HH Mohrmen together with the journalists, it was found that people are hiding stones in this river to sell them.
It is to be recalled that recently, the leaders of the 8 village union had met with the EE of MeECL in Nongpoh, to discuss the issue of the people. , promised to take action by talking to higher authorities.
In the first semifinal, Lutituber Ialong beat Lumpariat 3-2
Regarding his resignation from the ARPA, he said that the reason is that he does not like the events that have happened within the ARPA. ARPA is not a permanent group.
I request the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma to invite us so that we too can express our feelings,” said the MDC. On Tuesday 31st of this month, the VPP will hold a rally to demand the rectification of the appointment quota as part of the expression of its full support to the VPP leader Bah Ardent M. Basaïawmoit who started the protest by holding an indefinite strike.
Russian troops could collapse at any time and the reason is that the entire army has lost many of its troops, which has reached 30,000 to date, he said. the report, which was collected by the United Kingdom Armed Forces.
Do this three or four times a day for best results.
From February to the end of July
The continuation of collection of taxes at all these two toll gates after the expiry of three months will be seen as a very serious matter and will lead to an appeal through the Advocate in court.
Shillong, July 24: U KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, has moved a motion in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the rights of the Khasi people. ing Dorbar that it is time for any Khasi who have married foreigners or who have married men or women, to immediately lose their rights to the rights of the Khasi; and the Schedule Tribe should also be abolished for those who marry clean.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma was the Chief Guest at the 16th Convocation Day in the presence of 30 teachers of MLCU. Those who were honored on this occasion in recognition of their outstanding contribution to the development of society and those who cooperate with the University in the implementation of training and development training for them. Various Private Institutions.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday denied Russia's claim that he was responsible for the attack to kill Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Carlos, who returned to the game with his victory in Buenos Aires last month, ended a four-month retirement.
Up to 26 kilograms of heroin have been seized in the past two years.
Shillong: U Bah Sekharaia Songthiang (25), resident of Umsning, Shillong, on Saturday night, 18th October 2023, was robbed by robbers on Them Metor Road, at about 9 pm.
From the beginning of His ministry to Mount Calvary, Jesus carried on Himself all the burdens of the poor, the needy, the orphans, the widows, the sick, the oppressed and the rejected.
Shillong: Due to the strong wind in the Bay of Bengal, which is blowing strongly in the North East, Shillong, on the 11th, 12th, 13th, 14 and 15 January 2022.
“Rejecting the opposition of the civil society to the railway lines, the Minister said that this may be due to fear of the infiltration of the authorities.
In the Senior Women's T20 Trophy, Meghalaya will face Bengal today.
The death toll has risen to 16, with 9 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
To the Jews the Temple was not only a place of worship, but the center of society, commerce, customs, government and so on.
Furthermore, trucks coming from Shillong and East Jaintia Hills will not be allowed to enter Jowai from 9 am to 5 pm.
The match on Saturday will be between Mulait United FC and Tluh at 12.30 pm, followed by the match between Jalaphet Bri Sumer and Jaraiñ.
Furthermore, if anyone has been stolen, please immediately inform the police control room by calling No.2 the vehicle from the model, color of the vehicle, string of the vehicle and others to make it easier for the police to track down the thieves.
The old Bible reads 'Ka Bible Khasi' on the front cover, while the new Bible reads 'Ka Bible' and the bottom reads 'BSI-C.L Version' ).
The signboard of the PMGSY clearly showed the figures of the project and the name of the contractor but the road was not visible, mostly covered with rain.
Furthermore, it is planned to set up PRIME Hubs in each district headquarters to assist the villagers.
Police in East Garo Hills on Friday seized ammunition from a vehicle suspected to belong to the GNLA in Chinabat.
The KSU leader said that the victory in this regard is due to the cooperation of the members in all the villages and the people of the country.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah Sports and Games Committee has invited all badminton players to take part in this tournament.
As of October 31, 2022, the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) has an unused fund of Rs 152.03 crore.
“On the part of the EM of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War, said, “The election is now near so we don't want the people of Sohra to go wrong. he is one of the leaders the Nation has ever known.
According to Shivakumar's office, it was a friendly meeting between the two leaders and there was no discussion on any issue.
At least 29 people have been killed and 600 others injured in a typhoon that has struck Nepal on Wednesday.
The estimate of the success of anyone is unpredictable.
More than 1400 complaints were received regarding money, gifts and distribution of kiad.
The NEC together with the Ministry of IB has launched a training program in October 2023 called Animation 3D course for 100 youths from the North East in Delhi.
The time to stir up the people has begun, the time to walk, the poor, the rich, the rich, the rich, they have been lifted up, they have been struck by the hands, the car that is passing has stopped suddenly. , to help carry and leave pedestrians on the streets, not to mention the houses where the deaths have occurred, the needs have arrived while the owners of the houses are still sleeping.
About 40 % of infertility is caused by men and about 50 % by women.
Shillong, July 24: The meeting of the Chief Secretaries of Meghalaya and Assam on the border issue in Shillong has been suddenly canceled after receiving reports that five contractors have been shot dead. in South Garo Hills district.
The new shiah can be removed and the injured leg can be covered with Langpih medicine.
There is no problem for the officers of the department to attend as spectators on the day of these tournaments.
Regarding the team for the North East Olympic Games, the Head Coach of the team, Bah Larry Kharpran, said that the selection of these men and women is based on those who have qualified for the North East Olympic Games. They won gold medals at the Meghalaya Games held in July this year in Tura.
“The people should not believe any private individual who comes to demand or threaten in the name of the ANVC(B),” said Marak.
Shillong: Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit has sent a letter to the Khasi District Council (KDC) demanding for the appointment of a Chief Executive Officer. Member of the Council, to discuss with the State Government, on this issue.
On this occasion, Bah Fantin Lakadong, MDC 17 Laitumkhrah-Malki Constituency and the office bearers of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association; Bah Suklang Dkhar, G.S.
This comes after the team under his leadership failed to qualify for the knockout stages of the T20 World Cup in South Africa.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : The Leader of the Suspended Congress MLAs, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said that the government should clarify in the upcoming Synrai Dorbar on the issues that are still pending.
Shillong: The director of the film Iewduh Pradip Kurbah and the producer of the film Iewduh Albert Mawrie on Tuesday performed at the Busan International Film Festival 2019 held in South Korea.
Earlier, police had arrested Bah Arful K. Bani, president of HANM West Khasi Hills Unit, and charged him with three counts of stone throwing.
He also said that the need and most important thing is for the welfare and adequate protection.
Meghalaya of pride, hope, goals and opportunities.
“According to the Commission, the report on the price of the meter, as mentioned by the government and the price received from the places where it is purchased, the report has already been submitted by the The government has not yet been able to take action.
“This is a sport that even those from three years old to 103 years old can play,” said the General Secretary.
The investigation was conducted by ASI W.Vaichei.
Shillong: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit today said, “I hope that the Central Bureau of Investigation will come to investigate the corruption in GHADC and JHADC. Because it is the money that comes from the Central Government's Special Assistant Grant for the development of their economy in the tribal areas”.
“It is on this basis that we want the Government to appoint a Chairperson as soon as possible so that we can raise the issues that teachers face from time to time in relation to the salary and other demands,” said Bah Rymbai.
In the first leg, Mookaswan Dongwah beat Tympang 1-0 with Khel Shylla scoring the first goal for Mookaswan Dongwah in the 19th minute.
Our friendship also grew as the days went by, and even until the day of her sudden death.
Therefore, at this time, many of the people have started to turn to the NPP, because they see that it is a party that has hope, in order to bring about development without any discrimination. long in the District or in the State as a whole.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 1: The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, today enforced Section 133 CrPC which prohibits the broadcasting of music through loudspeakers after 10 pm.
The Managing Committee has also handed over a Memorandum on the needs of the market to the MDC in charge of the Market Department of JHADC. The two-day KJP Eastern Synod Youth Service which started on Saturday 10th and ended on Sunday at Mosiang Lamare Rim Presbyterian Church, Chiehruphi District, Narpuh Border Presbytery.
“It is to be recalled that the union together with the Dorbar has set a deadline of June for Ma Wolding Lamurong, Rangbah Shnong to pay the amount of 5.14 lakh tyngka which he has embezzled from the NREGS scheme during his tenure. as the secretary of the VEC which he himself promised to pay.
At present, the court has declined to comment on the matter as it has not yet taken any decision on when the Roster System will be implemented. on this matter.
According to him, this Act has also been a blessing to the people especially to those who want to strengthen their ownership of their land.
Meghalaya also played well in the second half and opened the scoring in the 78th minute when Sunalinda Iawren passed the ball to Iarap Nongrum. and he took the opportunity to throw his head.
The POCSO Court has confirmed the offense under the provisions and penalties under the POCSO Act, 2012 and the IPC Act, the POCSO Court said in an order issued on Friday.
The complaint was lodged by Max Healthcare, which runs several hospitals in Delhi.
According to information received from the rural areas, there was also a severe earthquake. The reporter found that on the road to Pynursla before reaching Lyngkyrdem, there was also a severe earthquake. The road has been covered with snow and ice but the road has been cleared to allow vehicles to pass through the road.
In the Bangladesh border areas, villagers have complained that Bangladeshis have come in groups to turn on their fields and steal their crops. and doesn't this bring trouble or danger to our state?” said the statement.
The MDC from Nongpoh also asked whether the houses in the Heritage Village have been repaired or not. committee to look after the improvement of the village and now all the workplaces in the village have been improved.
“This meeting was to discuss the problems faced by the people in the villages regarding the implementation of schemes from the Ministry, and in the “This is a matter that can be done to address these problems”.
Ma Philanderwell Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong Chutwakhu said that the Dorbar Shnong held an emergency meeting this morning and decided to support the curfew for the purpose of cleaning up the garbage from Jowai.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Kong Iamonlang said that the purpose of the celebration of Children's Day is to remind everyone that children have the right to live freely and to happy.
“We must think carefully and do something, here in our State and around the world.
The letter also stated that the Deputy Commissioner cannot force the public to vote as this shows that there is a violation of the law including the law which is the right of the people. The Government itself cannot violate the rights of the people who have free will.
The tournament will start on the 8th of March and the team will leave for the tournament the next day, while the players who are on standby will return to their home teams. that District.
Kylie, who is also the owner of Kylie Cosmetics, feels that since she started her own beauty company, she wants to beautify and improve herself so that she can attract more people to use her. your company’s equipment.
Rupang has learned that thousands of people from Sohra area have planned to rally tomorrow to protest against the SDO's call for registration of foreigners in the city. Sub-Division, Sohra; However, it was learned that later they stopped the protest, after they learned that the district authorities have ordered the SDO, Sohra to immediately stop the registration of voters.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest congratulated the Thongni Youth Association for producing such a book which will help the Thongni Kur throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills to understand the issues. The origin of the Kur and as explained by the authors of this book, it is understood that the Kur Thongni is one and there is no difference from others.
Shillong: The body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala arrived at Guwahati Airport at 2:45 pm today. Archbishop of Guwahati Provincial House.
Lakador Syiem, Commandant of 4th Bn MLP Sohpian West Khasi Hills District, was the chief guest in the presence of the Sordar of Nongsohpian, Bah Sirian Wahlang, elders and members of the village. Nongsohpian Sports Club and others.
“I hope that under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, these departments under the textiles, women and child development will improve in the state,” she said.
In Banrilang, it is clear that a person is dignified only by his dress and grooming.
On the 15th of this month, these volunteers arrived and marched on the Byndihati Road, East Jaintia Hills District carrying the flag of India. They were accompanied by a car to ensure that their journey was safe and they slept in that car at night.
Pynshngain also explained about the cooperation between the Congress and the NPP in the new Executive Committee in KHADC by saying, “They may be surprised how the Congress is cooperating in the Executive Committee.
In the Bachelor of Science (Pass), 47 students passed, 44 students passed and 93.62 percent.
According to information received, Bah Jyllud is from Nongspung village and his wife is from the same village and they live in Langkyrding.
In 2000, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Government of India declared the HNLC illegal under the provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA)
After this, the KSU and BVKJWA leaders lodged a complaint with the OC of Katlicherra and demanded the immediate arrest of the forest guard and punishment according to the rules of law.
He accused the People's Democratic Front (PDF) of starting with a slap in the face and deceiving the people by introducing the Rangbah Shnong Act which has no purpose and the inability to introduce the Rangbah Shnong Act. Section 128 of the AD Rules to prohibit other ethnic groups from participating in the elections to the Autonomous District Councils.
Chaudhary, 28, holds the national record in the 5000 metres, finishing in 15:1
On 17th November 2014, both sides of Sutnga and Jalaphet (Rangbah Shnong and Village Leader) held peace talks in front of Khliehriat Police Station, in the presence of Ma Seldanial Lyngdoh. There was a written agreement between the two sides, in front of the police, where they also went to the office of the District Education Officer Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
Up to 26 boxers have reached the final of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship on Thursday after seven days.
However, the Minister said that there has been no proposal to set up a new C&RD in Mawhati and Nongkrem in reply to a supplementary question by Congress MLA Mawhati Bah Charles Marngar and VPP MLA. of Nongkrem Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
Speeches were also delivered by the Deputy Commissioner, IAS, Additional Superintendent of Police, WL Nongpluh, Member Secretary of SCPCR. In the presence of Child Welfare Committees and NGO's, Bah S.Passah, District Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District gave the welcome speech.
Expressing his gratitude to the youth and leaders who took part in the bike rally, he said that this spirit of love for the party should spread to the love of the country and the nation. Ampati: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K. Sangma today led hundreds of people to support the candidates of the VPP. Voters from three constituencies of South Garo Hills District have ridden motorcycles to Dr. Mukul Sangma's stronghold in Ampati.
For the Judges and Leaders of the Synod, Assembly and all Churches, may God grant enlightenment and wisdom on how to move forward, in the midst of the changes and struggles that come with this pandemic.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has directed the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills District to submit a detailed report within 15 days on the allegation of shooting of the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). , Riwar Mihngi and the 2nd OC of Pynursla Police Station.
These Bills should be passed quickly, but we are ready to protect the nation”.
“I want a joint candidate if he contests without a party, he should contest as an independent candidate like an NDA or MDA candidate,” he said.
In chasing this big target, West Jaintia Hills were defeated by 64 runs and only Sawakahi Syngkon scored 24 runs.
Rahul Gandhi, while campaigning in Kolar, Karnataka on 13th June 2019, said that Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi and Narendra Modi are the worst thieves in the country. “These thieves are from the same caste (Modi) and if we get more information we will find many more such Modi,” said Rahul during his election campaign.
He visioned and fought to bring about Heaven here on earth.
They said that if the salary suspension is only for 2 or 3 months, the casual workers will understand and it will not make them take this decision and stop working in the farm. , but as they have been suspended for more than 8 months and have faced many difficulties, they have taken this decision and that is to stop working from the farm.
Although the first matches were played on Sunday, it was found that 15 teams have been suspended for playing with overage players. .
Dr.Kamwadae Syngkon, General Secretary, Rtn.
The Research Cell of the Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) on 15th June held a Writer's Workshop at Seng Khasi College.
John relates Revelation 7:13 “And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What seekest thou?
Mawsor denied the allegation that Grosper Ryntathiang is not the Secretary as claimed by Nonglait and some HSPDP Mawthadraishan leaders that Rostarli Kharlait is the Secretary. “As Secretary, we don't know that Bah Rostar,” said the HSPDP leader. Referring to Fenela's claims, Fenela said that the reason why she left to support the UDP is because she wants to provide for the country. “We don't think about the seat in the District Council. If the UDP doesn't love the nation, we don't care, we are ready to sit in the opposition,” he said.
On the other hand, Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary KSU, who was the chief guest, said that the marynthing-ka snappaka is one of the best examples for the preservation and preservation of the dress. He said that the KSU also holds such events in the field of music, dance, music and dress code. to promote our fellow citizens and to preserve our unique identity and culture as a nation, and expressed his gratitude to the young leaders of the marynthing. They have taken the initiative to preserve the traditional date of Hynniewtrep through the age of technology and to promote many things that benefit the nation and especially the organization of such a competition of traditional Khasi costumes. These types of rynsan bring great benefits because the participants can showcase their traditional costumes from different parts of the country which shows the richness of the costumes of the Khasi-Khara.
In the last match, Langsning beat Jamshedpur 3-1 on 4th June.
He also urged the drivers of commercial vehicles that if there are passengers who eat food inside the vehicle and break the food bags or water bottles on the road, they should stop the vehicle and send them away. that they may put it in their own bags and throw it in their dustbins at home or burn it in the fire.
The relatives of the children have lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station at 11:30 pm after they tried to telephone him. “They didn't get it because he turned off his mobile phone,” said Bah Pyngrope.
However, the coal trucks in the state have overloaded the limit by 27 or 28 tonnes and this has caused a huge loss to the state government as the amount paid to the government according to the Challan is only for the coal. 9 tons.
A source at Woodland Hospital said that Das had the same condition when he was discharged from the hospital and could not speak when he was discharged.
The truck was seized by the KSU members led by Samla Ksanborlang Thabah. During the seizure, it was found that the people inside the truck had fled without saying anything. Their flight shows that these people are involved in illegal activities.
WB took the lead in the 23rd minute of Group A but Sangti Janai Shianglong managed to clear the ball from West Bengal's defenders and scored for Meghalaya in the minute. games.
However, now that there are no more thlongs, the synrei have been used with a steel stick and they have put it in a khara to be like a stone rynshong. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of shrimp, shrimp and other shrimp,” said Kong Telis Rymbai.
Sohryngkham's 10th goal was scored by Laitlyngkot's Shanker Kshiar in the 17th minute, but he turned the tide in the 71st minute to equalize.
At the same time, Bah Ronnie also criticized Bah Sanbor for not speaking in the Assembly.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo, who was also the Chief Guest, stressed the need to improve the driving rules of vehicles. of the police to bring about stinging in the traffic jam and which affects the passengers.
The emergence of the Jaintia alphabet has surprised the people of Ri Khasi and some have complained that it originated only from the streets of Jowai and was also installed in the Dorbar. The District Council has been divided to govern the entire district of Jaintia Hills.
“Today, we received a tip that there was something in the jail at 1 pm and immediately with the magistrate, we conducted a surprise inspection at the jail and found them indeed. “These robbers have already built well to escape safely,” said Bah Vivek.
I assure you that although it is not the subject of the state government but we will follow up and we will also send orders and notices to the district authorities to follow up on this issue so that the farmers can recover. " said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
“We are conducting an investigation and we have not arrested anyone yet and when we have arrested anyone we will inform you and the investigation is ongoing,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkrang. to a reporter today.
He used to collect garbage from Shillong and he was also looking for tinjot. While he was looking for tin jot, suddenly a lot of garbage fell and covered him. .
Subramaniam Swamy said he would take the matter to court and considered the decision to be against the application of Indian law.
Regarding the need to provide employment to the youth, the CEM said that the present EC has decided to introduce a Skill Development Program to improve the skills so that they can start their own businesses. .
Those who were welcomed on the occasion were Losmander Marweiñ, Vice President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle; Congress together with their followers.
I am not qualified to say what the Court will do.
After the demonetisation in November 2018, many people across the country have lost their jobs.
When the sun is too hot, the leaves that have fallen raw, catch fire and this causes the destruction of forests, houses and the death of wild animals.
This promise came from the former Leader and Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, who said that he has received many letters from the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs in the border areas.
Rijanai Ryndong won the gold medal in the sub junior 50kg category, Wanbalajiedskhem Myrboh won the gold medal in the senior 50kg category, Pynïohnam Myrboh won the gold medal in the sub junior 29kg category and Arkinkhraw dkha won the gold medal in the sub junior 29kg category. Kitbok Dkhar won the gold medal in the sub junior 19kg category, Nehtre Pdein won the gold medal in the senior 60kg category, Pynhunborlang Diengdoh won the gold medal in the senior 60kg category. Martina Blah won the gold medal in the men's category, Kerry Dameca Kharnaior won the gold medal in the men's category and Ilawan Kmen Nongbri won the gold medal in the junior category. In the 45kg category, Phibalakordor Kurbah won the gold medal in Kata, Phidashisha Kurbah won the gold medal in Kata and Lavinia Shadap won the gold medal in Kata.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) led by Arvind Kejriwal has set a new record in Delhi by winning 67 MLAs. Out of the 70 seats in Delhi, three others belong to the BJP. In this election, what is more surprising is that the Congress party, which has been in power for 15 years, won the election. Delhi this time has lost a single seat.
Why do you have to pay the police for the pig tax, how do you know now, why don't you report to the NPP, through the pig tax will buy back your votes.
He said, “Let not the rich man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his power.
According to a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang, Publicity Secretary of the Mini Fete, the President of the Alumni Association, Kong B Marbaniang, informed that the Association was established last year. Principal Sir WB Rynjah, Teachers and Alumni on the 23rd November 2022 in the presence of the Seng Khasi College.
Regarding the expulsion, Bah Ksanlah had appealed to the High Court in October 2012 questioning the decision to expel him by the Dorbar Shnong Shella under the leadership of Secretary Bah Tobias Tiewdop. which is against the court.
There were also interviews with CEOs of award winning cities like Indore, Surat, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Belagavi, Ranchi and others which opened the door to learning about best practices.
The President urged the members of the SHGs to continue to move forward and also to lead the way for other women.
The source said that the gypsy parked in front of the Police Station was hit by a petrol bomb.
Speaking to reporters, NEHUTA President Prof XP Moa and NEHUTA General Secretary Dr MSN Rahman alleged that the Vice Chancellor has forged the decision of the fifth Executive Council meeting of NEHUTA. on 15th June, 2017 in which he showed that HASA has been abolished by a presidential ordinance even though in fact, it is not so.
He said that until now no one has been able to stop him from working for the people and even if he is defeated as an MDC he will not hesitate to work if the people need him.
He added that the mistake in the decision by the referees has shown that it was the injury of one of his players, Hormipam Ruivah, in the match.
(2) Property shall not be shared; responsibility & duty is not available.
There are 553 recoveries and 7,682 still infected.
Shillong Lajong will host Minerva Punjab FC on Sunday.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has had a detailed discussion on the project with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and said that the Central Government will provide full assistance. this project.
He said that although the party does not agree 100 out of 100 percent because there are issues that need to be resolved, the party congratulates the initiative brought by Bah Adelbert.
He thought that when he became Dy.CEM, he earned a lot of money but it was not so and his political career ended.
It is like these ministers, priests and kings that one of the chiefs of the ancient times said, “If you were like me, you would have been stoned!” The Khasi saying goes, “Shu khala with your prah, don't touch your ktie”.
Vishal Onat, after scoring 63 runs, lost his wicket in the third and final innings, when Bharali was caught by Gurung (1/21).
The destruction of graves and crosses has happened frequently in these days around the city after the news of demon worship.
There will also be a lot of items such as wood, household items, ashar, furniture, clothes and beauty products to name a few.
The Chief Guest on the occasion was the Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guard, Coming One Ymbon in the presence of the MLA of Jowai Constituency, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla.
The Minister said that the future of India's urban areas benefits greatly from the innovations in these 100 smart cities.
It is worth mentioning that the police have been searching hard to arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang in these days of intense ILP protests, where they have not been able to arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang. they were able to arrest Asstn.
The implementation of this decision was taken after receiving suggestions from many quarters including the District Council, KSU, Rangbah Shnong and also from the Union of Land Dealers and others. .
The Rangbah Shnong, said that Star Cement, has been in Lumshnong for 15,16 years and now the houses of the people, have turned colour, where if there is no rainfall to clean, the The Rangbah Shnong said that the drinking water supply is not affected, because the water comes from a high well, while the dewbilat company is low. of the village, at a distance of about 3 kilometers.
The NCAP, launched in 2019, aims to reduce PM2.5 and PM10 by 20-30 percent by 2024 in 131 cities that have not achieved clean air since until 2015.
The five AITC MLAs include Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, Md Miznur Rahamankazi from Rajabala, Rupa M Marak from Dadengre, Miani D Shira from Ampati and Mukul Sangma from Songsak.
He said that if the Japanese Foreign Minister does not leave Japan to attend the summit in India, he has no intention of becoming the Foreign Minister because he has been appointed. inside the country and sent others who are not the owners to appear and speak at the meeting.
According to the Gospels, in Jesus' struggle to rebuild society, he performed many miracles and wonders.
Shillong: At the meeting of the Elders of the Kur/SengKur Dorbars held on 8th November 2018, After a thorough discussion, the meeting was filled with great sorrow, because it was understood that it affects and affects the longkur longjait and the families of many who have in the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
This method of dividing words into their parts of speech is explained in the grammar which can be called SOHKTIEN.
In the women's category, GENEVIVE will face Vanlalruati in the amateur kickboxing category on the second day of the tournament. male.
Confidential Information and so on.
If the Election Commission of India does not implement such rules, the political market will become more cold because those who enter the Legislative Assembly are only those who have passed the Competitive Examination like IAS/ MCS and they have the right to be in charge of public works and a high salary does not matter.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Monday kicked off the U-12 and U-14 Football League Tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills said that the day was held to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs and the increasing smuggling of drugs into the state.
Her participations as a singer in the state, in the country and abroad have brought her recognition.
During the inspection, the DC said that according to the report received, the speed breakers at Mooralong, Mookyndur, Ladthadlaboh and Thluwania should be removed. I didn't go to Jaintia Higher Secondary School.
In 2013, East Garo recorded 189 cases, East Khasi Hills 1212, Ribhoi 345, South Garo Hills 166, West Garo Hills 431, Wet Khasi Hills 182, East Jaintia Hills 334, North Garo Hills 119, South West Garo , South West Khasi 97 and West Jaintia Hills
“To build an OPD Complex which can cost up to T.2 or T.3 crore is very difficult but hopefully with the power of the Government it will be able to do what is necessary for the needs. of the people of many churches”, said Bah Renikton.
Besides, President Droupadi Murmu inaugurated the Meghalaya Games followed by Defense Minister Amit Shah to conduct a meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) here in Shillong.
The University authorities before announcing the dates of the examinations should ensure that the students will not have any problems in writing the examinations.
He said that after listening to the voice of the residents of the border areas, before signing the social border settlement agreement, the two Chief Ministers, Himanta Bisaw Sarma of Assam and Conrad Kongal. Sangma of Meghalaya, have acted on their own accord and on this basis, the party demands that the MDA II government, should consider once again for the purpose of bringing in the you sit happily sit saiñ.
Speaking on the distribution of these food items and other necessities, Shree Pradeep Purohit, Chief Strategy Officer said; “Star Cement is committed to serving the people of Meghalaya in times of need.
“Furthermore, according to the Office Memorandum (OM) dated July 18, 1973 para 7.2, it has already included public undertakings, Government aided institutes and contractors under the SRP. “It's a good idea to include private offices and companies in the SRP,” said the President of KHNAM. comments on the proposal to amend the SRP, 1972 and also the Office Memorandums through a letter dated 31st June,
On this occasion, a short meeting was held at the ground, where Tarun Chugh announced various schemes and projects from the CM under the leadership of the BJP. Congratulations to Lakhon Biam for his victory in the 2023 MLA election.
Nongpoh, June 27: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Ri-Bhoi District has left for the HANS Foundation to meet with the HANS Foundation. Dr.P Kharnarry, DMHO, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the government has handed over the Sub-Centers to a private company.
“Is it right to close all the shops and force them to sleep without food,” said the statement. .
"We have requested the Minister to ensure that the ANTF should not just have a name and should fulfill its duty to curb the spread of drugs in Mawkyrwat," he said. state.
Six months ago we were sitting together and discussing the same issue and at that time he said that he will not contest the election but he is happy that he has won the ticket from the Congress.
The tyngshop, since he knew that he had this disease, did not hide it and told it to his supporters.
The office of the DSO Nongpoh has already held a tan tyllai competition as part of the celebration of the Women's Day on the 13th October at Pahamsyiem Square. They also distributed cash prizes to the winners who came to take part in the competition.
If you look at the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, it is not the same as in the Garo Hills.
Old Shillong should solve its own problems.
“The poor people have to walk up to 40 km to get ration but it is no different from buying from the market,” said Bah Mallai.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) recently met with the SDO of MeECL Patharkhmah Division and demanded that he should resolve their issue.
This is one of the ways to start your own business especially now that there is a shortage of government jobs.
RB Anup Chand took 10 wickets for Arya.
Sevarious Rymbai won the top scorer award, Rymphang Pohkyrnu won the best defender award, Dibormi Amrynsong won the best goalkeeper award and Ebenezer won the special award. Pohshna is the youngest player.
About 50 residents of the village from the mothers and fathers met at the Dorbar Halls of the village.
Ms Jenifer Synrem from the State Education Department spoke about the involvement of the Education Department together with the Health Department in the implementation of measures to combat tobacco.
On the other hand, u Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who has held the post of Minister, will resign tomorrow before filing his nomination papers for the post of Lamphang.
Microlina said that regarding the strike, the workers will take a decision to suspend or continue after receiving a letter from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today. it seems to have been discussed they would call off the strike.
Markets and public spaces also have to be considered.
She didn't think that just telling her father would cause trouble and power struggle between them because Hiram's father was very angry.
Conrad Sangma today laid the foundation stone of the C&RD Block Khliehriat to Wapung and the presence of the C&RD Block to Wapung will cause problems to all the people of Narpuh area. Government schemes especially MNREGA schemes have to go through blocks to get them and this will cause problems and suffering to villages like Malidor, Ratacherra, Dona Umbluh, Huroi, Hingaria and others.
Others said that India will not be able to deliver medicines to different parts of the country.
Later, John Barla, accompanied by BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie and other party office bearers also met with Archbishop Fr Victor Lyngdoh. Fr Richard Majaw was also present.
Through this Social Treaty, the Hima Mylliem ceded several lands known as Shillong Land, Nongkseh Land and Shillong-Laban Land to the British Government.
Speaking to Rupang, HANM President Shaniah Suchen said that after the government has not listened to their demand, the two organizations will hold an emergency meeting tomorrow. on the 10th of November.
That is why we are the ones who are weak in the flesh.
The UDP also reminded that the state government has sent the 5th Battalion to Delhi for three years but there are no adequate security forces in the area. These Battalions have been deployed to the area where it is necessary to ensure the peace and order of the people.
The KSU reminded that since the beginning of the protest against the construction of the 2 Lane road, it was only the KSU and the KSU that started the protest. I don't know what the position of other parties have been, but on our part we will continue on our position to oppose and not to follow one path as some have expressed that they are not against the road against Uranium. “We will continue to oppose this road because it is a uranium mining road,” said Bah BS Lyngdoh.
Those from families who have received a book are sufficient to send them to Shillong to study.
Bah Ardent also urged that through the Association, they should explain to the drivers and drivers of commercial vehicles that they should not speak rudely or treat the passengers in any way because many of the passengers He complained that the drivers of commercial vehicles are rude, selfish, unwilling to go to the places where the passengers want, and he said that it should not be so from now on; but they should provide a service that will encourage the people from the language they speak to the journey and not to choose only where they want to go, because that is one of the things that makes the people that they don’t like commercial vehicles.
In the 2018 elections, the NDPP and the BJP contested the elections with a 40:20 split.
Earlier, on March 2, 2023, TMC members had staged a sit-in at Rajghat, but were later dispersed by the police.
Following the order of the HC on 19th June, which ordered the inclusion of the Meitei/Meetei community in the Scheduled Tribe List of the Constitution of India, the ethnic groups have expressed their concern. ATSUM has announced a protest against the order, demanding that the Manipur government as well as the Indian government should appeal against the matter to the court on “the feelings and rights of the Scheduled Tribes of Manipur.
The traffic jam as it is now is very severe during school hours and after school hours and also during working hours because people don't want to ride cars or buses but they like to go to school by their own vehicles. .
Speakers on the occasion will be Nikhil Pant, Chief Executive Officer, Founder of REACHA and Lakshyaa, former Chief Program Executive. of NFCSR, IICA, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govt of India.
He said that those patients who are still undergoing treatment, can receive an incentive of T 500 tyngka per month for the purchase of nutritious foods. heal quickly from this disease.
The newborn was taken to Nazareth Hospital but died while the mother recovered after doctors at NEIGRIHMS managed to remove the thyrnia from her body.
At the meeting held at Bishop Hall Nongstoiñ, before Bah AL Hek welcomed and handed over the party muffler to Bah Dios, a brief explanation was given by Bah David Kharsati regarding the issues. work of the party.
The union would also like to congratulate and congratulate the students who have passed the Science stream of the HSSLC examination, Buiriti Pohsnem who came in 10th position from Nongtalang, Amlarem. Sub division.
When asked whether the UDP does not intend to dissolve the ARPA but wants another leader in place of Bah Ardent, the KHNAM leaders said that they will talk within the party. The ARPA and if it reaches the point where the UDP is not happy, it is up to the HSPDP whether to renew its leadership or what decision to take.
In the past, I remember that there was a rule from the Syiem's ​​house when giving permission to build a house, it said that you should leave about 6 feet of land from the boundary and you should not build a house exactly on the boundary. ieh is no longer a shiphut spirit.
Vinay took five wickets and Rohit Ram took two wickets.
Bollywood actor John Abraham, who is also the owner of NorthEast United FC, has been appointed by the FDA. The ISL has arrived in Shillong to meet with the sportsmen selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme. and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) at SAI Nehu Stadium, Shillong.
It is to be recalled that Dr DD Lapang was a big tree of the Congress but he has withered.
“We will prepare the roadmap from now on, we will have conveners in every state to strengthen our work to protect the indigenous people,” said M.Ibumgochoudibi.
However, at the same time, Conrad said that if it reaches that limit, the BJP leaders in Delhi will immediately inform him if there is anything they want to say on this issue. threaten.
Shangpliang issued this statement after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, submitted to the Legislative Assembly the report of the Judicial Inquiry Committee headed by Justice. T Vaiphei on the murder of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
In a letter sent to the President of the HSPDP, Ardent Basaiawmoit, KHNAM Nongstoin said that the KHNAM Nongstoin supports the HSPDP candidate.
The Minister also congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Government of Meghalaya and Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies for their leadership in such a life-threatening incident.
We accept any language but the Jaintia language should be known to the world because it is unique, whether it is in religion, customs and culture.
Is there still a Phreit to tell us that the Khla came to destroy the Tree so that mankind can know it now? Or, in the age when the Sun (the Truth of the Word) has gone to the cremation ground, there is still a 'men lyngkhoit u men lymboit' (the Syiar krad jutang) in this age. How can we convince the sun (the light of righteousness is one word) to come again to this world? “Before the appearance of the devil, all worshiped God.
The MIPRL believes that this recent decision is a destruction of the customs and traditions of the Khasi Hima, following the attack on the NGT decision on the coal mining industry.
Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, who is currently in Bangalore, has denied that there is any pressure to speak Hindi to anyone and that is just a mistake. also in English, even when he was sworn in as a Minister of the Government of India.
Nathaniel Kent, a British historian, comments, “What the foreigners experienced in the 19th century, we experience now in Shillong in the 21st century.
Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati was the chief guest, along with Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM. , Bah Tolbin Umbah, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtari Thaiang, the elders of the area and many other elders of the village.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh spoke about the vision of the leaders of the Hill State movement who have worked tirelessly to ensure that we get the of the state in accordance with the customs and traditions of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The results of the interview of MLAs, MDCs and Congress leaders by the AICC leaders recently may not be true but the AICC may order to resolve the differences within the party. you party.
He said that the people of the state have allowed many big political parties as well as ethnic parties to rule the state but all these have been the same and the state has not reached anywhere. -anywhere within the jurisdiction of these organizations.
They demanded that the government through the Taxation Department should come against these shops and not allow them to open without getting licenses from the government.
He said that the allegation against Che, that he was involved in demanding money and planting bombs, is a misrepresentation and ignorance of the facts.
Shillong: The President of the CWSO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District demanding an inquiry into the quarrying land and the destruction of the land near the road. from Laitlyngkot to Pynursla, which poses a threat to the passengers from this area.
Ours are the fastest typical.
“I would like to thank the people of Kentapara for their encouragement to get the land for the construction of the CHC. ,: you said.
Shillong: After the recount of marks in the HSSLC examination by Mbose, another student has been admitted to the top 10 of the HSSLC (Arts) examination
When it comes to gender relations in Ri Hynniewtrep.
His contribution deserves the recognition as the Father of Khasi Literature".
On the other hand, the Executive Member of the Health and Sanitation Department, Bah Victor Rani said that the KHADC will ensure that no one is allowed to stay inside the market and especially to have gates so that there will be no more people. who entered and left the market after the closure of the shops.
People dedicate their lives to developing their designs.
During the closure of foreign shops, the KHADC today closed down 11 shops and 3 others to seize immediately the goods sold by foreigners.
“If they have any complaints against Hindu teachers and Hindu students because this is not an NGO University but a Central University, they should file a case against us,” she said. .
The National People's Party (NPP) 1-Nartiang Constituency on Saturday honored the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar who won the fourth term as MLA from Nartiang Constituency.
“He is well now and all the tests are in order,” the report said.
Sumarlang Swer, Chairman of the Football Tournament and Samla J Mawlong, President of MYSC, in the presence of Bah Stensil Mawlong of Sohkyndur, said that the tournament will start from the 24th of this month.
Shillong, November 01: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Friday said that the BJP cannot tolerate corruption and corruption. Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said that even the central government has not done anything to ensure that the NPP-led MDA government. He said that the BJP cannot clean up what is happening in this government because it too is in the MDA. In fact, the central government should have done something but it has done without seeing, he said.
In the meeting between Bah Lambor Malngiang, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, MLA Jirang and Umsning, Village Leaders and residents of the area, they expressed their concerns. From time to time, government officials from Assam have been blocking development works from Meghalaya.
Ma Histokrist Pachiang congratulated the residents of the village who have been able to appoint him as the Waheh Shnong.
“We have to talk well first, because the government has its own rules that it has to follow, we cannot take a decision now”.
“, said Acharya and added that this emergency opening is for the benefit of politics.
If the aim is for the welfare of all citizens regardless of religion and the effort to eradicate evil from society and bring peace and development, therefore, the meaning and wording of the Bill should be revised from the present.
Pangiang recalled that at that time there was a clash between the Nepalis and the Assam police.
Shortly after the incident of these two political parties in KHADC, another incident has happened in the UDP where the party has decided to withdraw from the PDF but the 4 Six out of six MDCs of the PDF have not obeyed the orders of their party and they have turned against their own party by going to strengthen their support for the PDF by giving away the PDF. They also pointed out a letter to the CEM and pointed fingers at their senior leader Bah Bindo M Lanong for revealing the incidents that have happened in the KHADC. The Congress has lost 5 MDCs, the HSPDP 2 MDCs and the HSPDP has lost 2 MDCs. I don't know if the UDP will lose 4 seats in KHADC.
“All buildings within the Shillong Mater Plan Area require the approval of MUDA,” said the order. In Law Sohtun, Lummawbah, Nongkseh and Lum Sohtun, the Rangbah Shnong of these villages have been ignored and the people are not aware of this. Shillong, July 4: The Executive Committee of Smit Shnong Shnong Smit has decided to hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs and the people on this issue before taking a decision. On the 30th July, 2015, the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Syiem Khynnah, Lyngdoh, Ministers, Presiding Officers, Assistants from Smit Village such as Polling Officers, Polling Agents and especially the Rangbah, Longkmie and Samla who elected the Sordar and General Secretary of Smit Village by ballot, on the 16th July,
“This will have a significant impact on the development strategy of the State which is by generating revenue through foreign investment projects in creating job opportunities and improving the “It's a good idea to have a court in the State,” he said.
Speaking on the reports that many Congress MLAs have moved elsewhere to try to apply for tickets from other parties, the Congress leader said, “It is not only these bapli, but those who have come forward. they were not the truth.
The BDO in his speech expressed his gratitude to the Umlyngka VEC for being able to carry out the work well according to the allocation from the Block and also for the spirit of cooperation in the village.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem on Tuesday promised in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) that he will submit the report on the corruption of the KHADC within two months. Many MDCs have alleged that the money collected from the Professional Tax Ri-Bhoi and Nongstoiñ has entered the accounts of private individuals including the accounts of former KHADC Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh and the accounts of former KHADC Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh. account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) which organized the Monolith Festival held at Mawphlang.
He said that when he sat on this chair, there were proposals to do this or that which is a personal matter but for him, he has to think because the most important thing is the matter of the nation. forward and others come after.
The meeting was held at Saikarap to show the solidarity of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division Quarry Owners Suppliers and Exporters Association. establish.
In the quarter final in the U-14 men's category, Nongstoin Public School beat Donbosco Secondary School 8-1
The meeting was attended by the EM and the Chairman.
The State Government has decided to complete the selection of the company to operate the 108 Ambulance to serve the people of the State.
Samuel joined Shillong Lajong Academy in 2015 and won many titles including the U-18 I-League in
The Mothers School of Sri Aurobindo together with the Meghalaya Chess Association has celebrated this day.
The two villages affected by the cyclone are Nongbirthem and Umtasen.
The report requested by the union is on four issues including the NHAI's road maintenance in East Jaintia Hills District. and the provision of the NHAI to maintain the road in accordance with the schedule, means or objectives of the NHAI to make the road safe for traffic during the implementation of the work to repair the road so that the traffic on the NH-6 will not be disrupted.
According to sources, some of the MDCs have taken the opportunity to walk around the house and meet each other, because the people have not changed anything about the political situation. because they were getting ready for Christmas and New Year.
The Dorbar Shnong also expresses its gratitude and congratulations to the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency Shri Kyrmen Shylla and his family for immediately sending ambulances to take the seriously ill to hospital.
On the other hand, Bah Rymbui strongly condemned the robbers who committed this crime and said that anyone involved in this incident will not be released by the law. speak not unto the ears of the wicked, neither take the law into your own hands.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma announced the installation of more parking spaces at Thana Chariali Tinsukia to address the problems. In this regard, the ISBT will be constructed on the Bypass and it has also agreed to implement the truck stops and also the flyover to Tinsukia Medical College.
Those who are experienced and experienced teach those who are new how to drink and where to get drugs.
The brothers and sisters in South Wales have contributed...to help their friends in the suffering of being robbed, and to pay the fine for the work of God...Despite the severe persecution, the Gospel of God has spread widely in North Wales.
Former MLA Umroi Constituency Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA of Umroi Constituency, was also present as the Chief Guest.
The Government has given a special holiday to government employees in honor of this special day of the Unitarian faithful.
In the past, ISAC has been held in three phases in 2018, 2019 and
The reason is because of the maintaining peace and order in the state, said a statement from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Shillong: Pynursla Police Station today seized T.50,000 from the fine of 25 vehicles in Laitlyngkot village alone.
Surprisingly, however, the CLP leadership did not call for anything to be discussed before taking it to the National Assembly.
Bonney said Saiborn should not speak against the constitution of KHNAM, as Adelbert is the founder of KHNAM and has served twice as an MDC. and this time, as an MLA of that political party.
Notification- A notice of bill in accordance with the laws of the State made through the members of the Legislative Assembly and signed by the Head of State or the Governor of the State, which shall not be made public. in the constituency.
They also urged the people of the area to suffer for about 10 days or two days, so that they can meet all the shortcomings.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that there are shortcomings in the party's working methods and it needs to be improved and introduced better working methods to strengthen the party.
During the meeting, the Minister explained that the Ministry of Education has already provided all the requirements and the remaining is in the Ministry of Finance. The funds will reach the office of the Director and the office will take the necessary action.
According to the Pastor, this worship of Satan is against the faith and teachings of the Church.
Replying to a question, Sharath said, “The record can be broken but it will take time as it happened for me when I broke Kamlesh Mehta's national record five times.
In this regard, Rymbui said the government has a responsibility and that is why the Anti Human Trafficking Act has been passed.
Many times they don't intend to do it but there are children who do it.
In the athletics category, Melibad Kro, Rinalis Ingti, Anrisha Klein, Balasiewdor Pathaw, Himonki Khail, Bethlyne Grace Makri, Marqueenless Ramsiej, Joytiful Narlong, Ibaihun Kurbah, Lyntijingkyrmen K. Jahrin, Tushal M Damang I Lyngdoh, Simeon Marak, Chanangbirth R.Marak, Pringchang N.Sangma, Donbok  Shabong, Sajemiki Shylla, Sanctify Pale, Ioobiang Langstang, Pleasantly Synnah (Coach), Fidelia Sun (Manger).
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the elections in Bihar will be held in three phases.
“The light consumption of the residents of the area does not exceed T.1000 because many households do not use the power line, but it is surprising that even for domestic households the bill reaches T.3000 per month,” he said. The Sohra MLA said that the Director has promised to hold a public hearing on the 2nd of July at Laitryngew village and the meeting will also invite the people affected by the incident. He said that the Director has promised to implement the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Program (RAPDRP) and also to install transformers in villages that are not needed.
At the same time, he said the party has prepared many issues to discuss in the Mangtyngka Dorbar which started on Thursday.
Foolish thinking is foolish thinking, foolish speculation, and unfounded speculation.
However, what is needed is to strengthen the department by bringing in more necessary equipment, and to allocate more funds to meet the needs of the Directorate.
The old palace of the Syiem of Jaintiapur has now remained only the foundation stones.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The report of the meeting of the MSSASA Sengkmie leaders with the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on 26th November, 2019 to discuss this issue and other demands of the Seng will also be announced. All SSA teachers of East Khasi Hills District are requested to take their time and attend the meeting for more information.
CorrectionIn the past few days, there have been articles on the above heading.
The tournament will be held in Tura from the 15th to the 20th of this month.
The Election Committee has completed the examination of the nomination papers of all the candidates for the 15th election of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 22nd June
The Mizoram government has banned liquor from 21st November 2018 to 14th July 2019 and then extended it from 15th July to 15th October
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District today. The fifth tournament was held today, July 30, 2013 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Therefore, the union has warned the bank that if this illegal activity of the bank is found, the union will immediately close down and will not allow such branches to operate in the state. .
When the earthquake strikes, the Liewkhnai will resonate and the high mountains will flow like cards.
Perhaps, there are those who say that the North East has not contributed to India, but if you look closely, you will see that this region has not contributed to India. India is incomparable to other states in India.
Every time during the election, the simpah and the sim song sing praises to preserve the culture and traditions of the Jaitbynriew.
Replying to the allegations, Bah Titos said, “The Congress has been in power for many years in GHADC and due to the problems in the GHADC from the recruitment of staff to excessive, The National People's Party (NPP) (which leads the Meghalaya State Government) has been in power in GHADC for several years but has not been able to resolve the issues or run it smoothly since no money".
Pala said this when asked whether the Congress has supported the Executive Committee (EC) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the National People's Party (NPP) despite the fact that it is the B The NPP-led MDA Government is supported by the BJP. The NPP has dissolved the UDP-led EC in KHADC with the support of the Congress.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 3: As part of the preparation for Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya, on Saturday, a group of beauty queens from Meghalaya visited West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District. to prepare some of the requirements for video recording and others.
The Mawshynrut-Hahim Road connecting Riangdo and Hahim (Athiabari) will bring great benefits to Mawshynrut and other villages in West Khasi Hills as it connects with Assam.
In the second semi-final between Lawei SC and Laitkor SC, the match between the two teams was also very friendly.
Speeches were also delivered by the Vice President of the party, Nangjan Dkhar, General Secretary, Wanshwa Suting, Information Secretary, Mebanteilang Sukhalañ. At the same time, the office bearers and members of the JNC Wapung Circle, at the same time, extended their best wishes and hope that they will continue to serve the country and the nation.
He said that the Government has bought the land and because it has not been built, the people have built houses and lived in these land for more than 350 years.
If all the Khasi villages could serve their own villages properly, it would be difficult for the poiei to enter klumar or by peace, he may not even get away.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne has urged the state government to pay the salaries of the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) who have been working without salary for five months. now.
I don't know what you're doing,” he said.
The Cabinet meeting also arranged for government ministers to hoist the flag of India on the 15th across the state including Shillong by the Chief Minister. AL Hek, DD Lapang in Nongpoh, Rowel Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwat, Dr RC Laloo in Jowai, Kong Roshan Warjri in Mairang, AT Mondal in Nongstoin, Sniawbhalang Dhar in Khliehriat and Stephanson in Amlarem. Mukhim, Williamnagar, Baghmara and others.
Woe for the earth, for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time" Revelation 12:7-1
In this regard, the President of FKJGP Umiam Circle, Bah L.Kurbah, said that the party strongly opposes the government's plan to allocate land to the army. The residents and the union have also decided to oppose on the grounds that the people have complained to the union to give their support to oppose the proposal to allocate land to the army.
Indeed, there are many beautiful places to see inside the Raid Rangnah and in the surrounding areas of Nohwet village which have been created by God the Creator of nature, especially in this tourist age.
In a letter to the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, Deputy Chairman Venkaiah Naidu, said that he has been sleepless nights all the time due to the turmoil in the Rajya Sabha.
Nongpoh: U Bah Coming One Ymbon, Minister of PWD Building, Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Inspection Bungalow, or the residence of senior government officials, at Kynton Phanram Umden. “The time will come when Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA from the Congress Party, will join us in the NPP Party, which is the current Minister of State.
She said that before his phone went off that day, his mother had a chance to talk to him.
Seiñ Kynjei, one of the NGOs of some youths from Jowai, has urged the public to play and eat khana to maintain the cleanliness of the surroundings of Syntu Ksiar.
After the meeting, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, said that the Association has requested the State Government to allocate more funds in the State Budget for the SSA for the fiscal year 2023-2 to address the problem of non-payment of monthly salaries of teachers.
Peter Dohkrut, Secretary Legal Cell, said that the Asha house of the National Rural Health Commission has suffered the same incident.
Your medicine dashin how bad how ter ter.
It wasn't until the 48th minute that Nongbri Brothers opened the scoring.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: A 12 day training was held from 16th to 27th June on the topic of Participatory Groundwater Management & Springshed. The training was held at the Conservation Training Institute (CTI) Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District on Saturday with the participation of the trainees and officers from various government departments. The 12-day training was conducted by the People's Science Institute (PSI), Deradun in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya through the Department of Soil and Water Conservation. Bengaluru.
The same nation, but the nationality is different only because of the race.
He said the construction of the railway line from Dimapur to Zubza will start soon while the survey of the railway line to Shillong is ongoing.
Games held under the Khelo India Scheme : · The Union Minister in charge of Sports, in the presence of the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh, announced the 5th Khelo India Youth Games to be held in Madhya Pradesh next year, at the event held on April 20, 2022.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday informed the House that the construction of the Science & Commerce College at Mawphlang is scheduled to be completed in this month. July this year.
The state has introduced a Problem Driven Interactive Model Approach (PDIA), which encourages the participation of all to find ways and means to curb the spread of the disease.
These CCTV cameras are currently operating in the area and this happened at a time when the government is fighting with the protesting civil society to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to be implemented in the state. the arrival of foreigners.
Both the matches of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association were canceled due to heavy rain on Thursday.
The statement by the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, both NPP leaders to stand firm on the basis of the MoU signed, will have a major impact on the party in the 2023 elections. .
we have just started the investigation into the matter," said the police chief.
“The Government has been directed to take a final decision on the Ferro Alloy factories within six months,” said Justice BP Katakey in the 21st interim report, submitted to the Meghalaya High Court.
The UNO has been celebrating World Water Day since 1993 with the aim of giving water to the people of Mawkyrwat Sub Division. explain to them how much water is needed and how to store it so that they do not lack water.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the JHADC has urged the Jaintia people to pay the Income Tax released by the Government of India.
Dr JP Sharma, IQAC Coordinator, KNGC gave an encouraging speech on the provision of quality and affordable educational facilities for all students.
We must remember that the farmers of the country are its farmers.
Mylliem States is one of the Khasi States as mentioned in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India and also in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The rules of procedure of the Dorbar Kur Syiem Mylliem and all the Dorbar Kurs should be clarified that they should submit their reports. days before the Executive Assembly, the Legislative Assembly and the Hima Assembly.
The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District today announced the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC to curb the illegal mining and quarrying of shyiap throughout the district. inside the Dew district of Nongkhnum.
The events to be held at the tournament include various running events, javelin, shot put, discus throw, high jump, long jump and others.
Regarding the inspection, Satoshi Suzuki, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Oxygen Plat has gone smoothly as sent by the Japanese Government through UNDP-India and hoped that The Oxygen Generation Plant will help many people and those in urgent need to get oxygen in the coming days.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has fully supported the launch of border trade through Dawki Land Custom at Tamabil in compliance with the SOPs laid down by the government.
The amendments are: the introduction of the Time of Day (ToD) Tariff, and the regulation of meter reading.
Shillong, Nailur, 23: The BJP Mahila Morcha Meghalaya (BMA) has congratulated the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and all the MPs of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha for their support for the implementation of the if the Women’s Reservation Bill.
The party also announced that two candidates have applied for tickets for the MP election, Paul Lyngdoh and Jemino Mawthoh.
Or in short, you have turned the neighboring states into enemies,” said the statement.
He said that these stones were shot with a bird's net and he alleged that they were shot by the Karbi who were hiding in the forests against the farmers.
“Regarding the revenue collection gates, there is a committee run by the District Council Affairs (DCA) department, of which all the ADCs are members, as well as members of the PWD,” said the Syiem.
Speaking on the various provisions of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 (NDPS), Bah Basaïawmoit said, “If the Government implements the provisions of this Act, I am sure that we will be able to win this battle against drugs.
“Long, you have to tell your mother when you do that and she gets money immediately,” said the boy named Synshar. “Why don't you tell your mother?” Deng replied. “When will you tell me what it is?” said Synshar. “It's Saturday because I have to finish my work for two days,” said Deng. “Let's meet on Sunday if we find him there at the football ground,” said Synshar and left. After eating, Deng told his mother about the invitation of Synshar to go and collect the weapons. “Where did you meet him?” asked the mother. He was seen carrying bottles of alcohol, plastic water and other items.
At the same time, she said that it is clear that the shortage here is more than 50-60 per cent of the daily demand, and such a thing cannot be accepted at all in the country. a time when business activities and daily life are severely affected by the lack of electricity.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong and Sport Club of 20mer, including Bah Paul Wahlang and Bah Wollin Mawa, explained to the public that the visit of the leaders of the three organizations to the village. It is not that they are fighting for the village, but that the Youth Sports and the Seng Samla Shnong have called and complained to them on many of the problems faced by the people in the village.
Prof. Vasugi Raja, President of HSAI, also gave a report on the organization of various programs at the Conference. Students from 24 states of India including students and professors participated in the event.
A few months ago, a family found rice treated with urea and shortly afterwards, another tragic incident occurred in Assam in which the people of Garo who live near the village in Assam have suffered. The incident occurred due to the eating of the fish and according to the believers, it was said that the fish contained formalin or a preservative.
The residents of the village also decided to give their full support to Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh in the 2018 elections, saying that they will never get such a leader again. “If we cannot elect Dr. Celestine, the loss will not only be on our village, but on the people of the constituency as a whole,” they added.
“He doesn't know anything about it, and I talked to him and he said he doesn't want to create any misunderstanding and he doesn't even want to explain his statement because he doesn't want to do it. “It's just an incident that we didn't think about and on our part, we believe that this Film Festival is a “It's just to promote each other so that the filmmakers can see because we have brought here many award winning films,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The Opposition in the Legislative Assembly on 27th June left the Budget Session as a sign of protest against the violation of the rules relating to the conduct of the Legislative Assembly, before the Prime Minister. The state in charge of the Ministry of Finance shall provide a response to the budget debate.
Nongpoh: The office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, on Saturday, has confirmed two Longsan, Bah Chandon Doloi, who has replaced Mohon Doloi, while Degen Ronghang has been replaced by Degen Ronghang. I'm going to Bijou Ronghang.
Because if the people do not feel that the Syiem or Rangbah Shnong cannot act alone or rule with authority, because it can lead to instability in the society.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has also empowered the police to conduct raids on illegal liquor outlets, illegal liquor shops and arrest those who violate the law.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the HNLC's curfew has affected the income of the people especially in these days when there are many curfew calls.
Jowai: “On our part, we are shocked to learn about the FIR lodged by the DC of EJH against Bah Marshall Biam just because he came to help us to file a complaint at the office. DC EJH for payment regarding the Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing on the land of the residents of Hingaria,” said a statement sent by the residents of Hingaria. They include Tamius Surong, Tympang Lamin, Moses Khonglam and Ephisus Talang.
He said that in collaboration with the government, one day there will be many bright players for the state and the country and he hopes that one day there will be many players who will become the best players. stars and those who will compete in the Olympic Games.
In a statement, Marak said, “It is a fact that the illegal mining and smuggling of coal continues without any supervision which has caused losses to the state. The State, the Meghalaya Court and everyone know the facts but due to the presence of exploiters nothing has been done.
1st Prize – T.2,00,000/- 2nd Prize – T.1,00,000/- 3rd Prize – T.75,000/- and 5 Consolation Prizes – Rs 5,000/- each and the ticket price is The price of a book is 300 tyngka.
From man to forty animals how happy they were when this last child of the four seasons came.
Dr Goswami said that it is also necessary to improve the accurate recording of these herbs and treatments so that it will be more accurate and he said that it is necessary to maintain and develop their medical skills. people who are rich in the villages because they are in need.
On the other hand, JSU General Secretary Treibor R Suchen said that the JSU has been demanding for a B.Ed College in Jaintia Hills since 1987 when Garland Rymbai was President and R.Swer was President. The General Secretary said that the state government should expedite the recognition of the B.Ed College in Jowai from the NCTE in Delhi to open the college as soon as possible. The Higher Secondary School of Kiang Nangbah College has been established temporarily before the opening of the B.Ed College in this building at Jowai Mynthong.
Mothers are often also concerned about nutrients for their children and what they want is to provide the best food for them.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Village Council, Shri Sibil Tariang.
He also refused to join other parties saying, “I am still an MLA of AITC”.
“We don't like the government's attempt to unite the people while it has done itself,” said Bah Shibun.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, the NEHUSU leaders said that the students of NEHUSU are still in the middle of their final examination, but due to this cancellation electricity has made it very difficult for them to prepare their books at night.
He said that about 249 members of SHGs have already received training in collaboration with NRLM and ICDS, Ranikor for the improvement of health in the area.
I will say again, I will never give up.
Then they pulled him out of the water and threw him away.
In the 40 years he has been an MLA, he has changed parties like a tyngshop in a Dkhar movie.
These parking lots can accommodate heavy and small vehicles as well.
The District Election Officer, DC Eastern West, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, IAS, while talking to reporters, said that the Draft Electoral Roll will be released on the 27th of this month. this month.
Only two months after the construction, this road has deteriorated again,” said Yoodahunki.
He also recalled the notification issued by the State Government that the demarcation of the second phase will be completed within 45 days, but now more than 60 days have passed and if the Government holds the demarcation, promise that the loss of souls will not happen.
The NITI Aayog, the highest agency of the Government of India, recently released a report on the development and progress of the States. known as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), in the North East.
He said that the use of plastic bags is not good because these plastic bags can affect the environment. He recalled that in the past, the same bags were used to go to the market to buy goods. He urged the people to reuse such plastic bags when going to the market so that the demand for plastic bags will disappear.
Owners of houses who violate this law will be fined.
Shillong, July 28: The Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has been in a hurry to get the approval of the Governor, is still pending.
According to the videos, the policeman threw a stun grenade (tear gas) inside the shop in the parking lot opposite the SBI Main Branch on Monday.
“After our meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on 9/8/2018, and informed him about the problem we are facing.
Members of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) led by Norok as Commander-in-Chief, last night attacked the weight bridge at Nengja, Nangalbibra, South Garo Hills. Hills district.
Relatives of the truck driver said that last night he was shot dead while he was on his way to collect his salary and put the money in his jacket with his mobile phone. The policeman said that the jacket was stuck inside the vehicle which did not close the door, but after a while they found that the money and mobile phone were gone.
The tournament was held at Mawlsnai Football Ground in the presence of Karbui Anglong Autonomous Council Member, Abhijit Kro. In the presence of Bah Andrew Lyngdoh, son of Bah EK Mawlong, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, football star from the state and other dignitaries from Mawlasnai and Ri Bhoi District.
According to the family members on Tuesday, the woman is said to be mentally retarded and has been missing since May 16, 2023 at about 2:30 pm while she was She had been planning to go to a sum near her house in Umden Umbathiang village and has not returned home since that day.
At least 78 people were killed and many others injured.
Later, in a meeting with the Director of Higher and Technical Education, LR Sangma in the presence of KSU leaders and CMJ students, Sangma suggested that these students, They will send their application forms before the 17th of this month, to enable these students to be given places in other universities and colleges of the State.
The phan takes about four months to germinate.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that its demand is to revise the Reservation Policy.
At present, the UDP is in the ARPA and in the past five years it has been in the Congress under the KHUDA until the end of the five years.
Meghalaya needs to install up to 2000 towers to provide the network.
Mumbai: A 26-year-old doctor at BYL Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central has committed suicide in her room on 22nd June after allegedly being bullied. different nationalities.
Shillong, July 23: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today informed the House that the KHADC has already sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Shillong. requested him to take action on the ban on coal in the state which has affected the income of the people.
If they don't get drugs, they get cold, they get sick, they suffer from stomach pain, they lose their bones, they get depressed, and they live a different life, it's no longer the same.
Ukraine says it has shot dead another Russian military officer who was in command of a Russian ship in the Black Sea.
Unfortunately, the VPP MLAs have raised questions about the short duration of the Dorbar, which has forced them to take to the streets to raise their issues before the people.
“What's wrong, son ...? How can your father not be able to leave me alone..." Rida's mother said. "Yes, maybe I think you're too heavy..." Rida turned around. At that moment Rida's father came into the house. .
On this occasion, Ranjit said he would discuss the issue with Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, who is one of the most respectful of cows.
The titles of the two dramas during this period were “Ti Pyrthai ah I Ryum Be in Kom To Be Sia” by CM Pohrmen and the other was “Deman Baklaye”. by L. Myrchiang.
Nongpoh: The Hill Farmers' Union (Hunion) at Sonidan, Nongpoh, has been very successful in the exhibition of agricultural products. and they brought the fruit of their ground.
The minister said the decision came after the Meghalaya High Court accepted the government's proposal to hold the elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Two KSU leaders who were arrested during the ILP protest, have been released from jail today after being granted bail by the High Court.
The union has not received any information on the results of these 667 schools. They have also spoken to the Joint Director, but he has not been able to provide detailed information.
The group was established in 1999. The award winners also praised the group for its courage to support by providing scholarships for those who wish to study in higher education. who is shalor.
In Mawhati Constituency, Charles Marngar, Congress candidate and MDC from Mawhati, received 13,273 votes, defeating Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP candidate. second with 8029 votes.
Two judges of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh were also present on the occasion.
Speaking at the Cultural Exhibition organized by the Bharat Scouts and Guides for the first time at KJP Shillong, the DC said, “We can be successful in education or in any other field. but we must remember that to build good character is necessary".
Replying to a call of attention by the VPP MLA from Shillong North, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the Minister said that in these days, children can take part and learn other aspects of education. .
He added that only a case has been registered against Bah Iangrai with the CID, SIT, and no notice has been received regarding other cases.
It takes about 20 minutes to get from Dawki to Umsyiem.
He said that it is for this reason that the Khasi youth have to face many problems because their rights have been stolen.
The face literally tells you everything.
ISIS today released a photograph of another Englishman, John Cantlie, another hostage and also a journalist.
He tried to hold on to the boat and because he was a strong man, the boat turned over and all five people on board fell into the water.
On the other hand, with the aim of transforming education in the state, the state government has also set up the State Education Commission (SEC) to oversee the restructuring of education across the state. .
The leaders of the Union, who were confirmed today, include Bah Kendrowell Lapang, as the new Chairman of the Union, who replaced Bah Francis Lapang, and Bah Jeslin Syngkli as Vice President. President, Bah Johny Syiem, General Secretary, Donhok Kshiar, Assistant Secretary, John Marak Treasurer and 8 members of the Executive Member.
“Look at that year when the powers of the village leaders were abolished, it was the KHADC in 2016 that fought in the Supreme Court to restore their powers.
On the other hand, the General Manager, DCIC Shri.A.Malngiang said that this exhibition is part of the efforts to encourage the youth who produce their products through their own activities. Help them to market their products not only in this area but also in the future.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said, “The CEC has approved the appointment of SEC members. “We have handed over to the SEC to look after the work of the candidates who have expressed their desire to contest from the UDP,” he said. .
He is the unsung hero of our Khasi people.
“This celebration of the 100th Anniversary should not end but from now on we need to take a new approach to strive to revive the talents and what lies ahead,” she said. Minister.
The Special Judge of the POCSO Act, Sylvie Zomuanpuii Ralte, has sentenced him to 20 years imprisonment.
The registration fee is only T.100 per annum and must be renewed annually.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Garod LSN Dykes on Friday informed the public about the price of vehicles from Jowai to Shillong.
The complaint was lodged at Chandmary Beat House where Rimpu Marak alleged that Singh and his followers destroyed the house, plants, destroyed items such as TV, laptop, duira, and lots of toys set up on the farm.
In the NEHU Inter College Cross Country Men's Championship 2023, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat won the overall championship while Shillong College came second.
After the arrest of the woman, police are conducting a search operation for another woman, who is involved in the sale of drugs.
The health hazards caused by the disposal of waste in urban areas are much worse than the lack of toilets in rural areas.
In the fourth round, Murmu received 812 votes and Yashwant Singh 521 votes.
Police have registered a case against Mawlai PS under section 419/420 IPC under 66D IT Act and Lumdiengjri PS under section 71(05)2 s 419/420 IPC and identified Richard Tiplang Swer (39) as an IB officer. He was arrested and handed over to the court.
If we think carefully, the rise will not bring that great benefit to the nation.
After the preparations, it was decided to unveil the new shad which has been established within the Raid and Elaka.
Mitchel is the current MDC and EM of KHADC. 23-Sohiong constituency HDR Lyngdoh, former MLA and former Minister. Anthony Khongwang is a former MLA and MDC from Sohra Constituency. He is also the current CEM of KHADC.
Who pays their salaries...not the money of the people...to pay the salaries of teachers there is no money, to provide medicines in hospitals there is no money, farmers are being humiliated, contractors are not getting jobs because they work These days, the Ministers of the Government don't get any Government jobs, it's not just corruption, it's corruption.
I have lodged an FIR and the police are investigating.
From now on you will be righteous.
Shillong: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's failure to respond to their demands.
k) As judges – the court is appointed to give justice to those who deserve it; but many of these sinners complain that they have not received justice at the right time; and there are those who do not receive justice until the day of death.
However, both of them were included in the Bynrap Baphra (not a child) in
Khar Wanlang has sent his resignation letter to CEM Pynshngainlang Syiem since 19th June.
These non-tribals will be able to become citizens easily and will be voters in Adult Suffrage if the Government does not surprise the people to do something before it is too late to protect the sovereignty of the country.
Jerimaiah L Kynshi took 4/9 wickets and this made it difficult for AJCA to take the lead in the match.
Tyre (tire)- you can't go to Shalyntem, you can't.
Shillong: The NEIPF, under the leadership of Ma Yoomeki President, has met with the President of Meghalaya Cement Ltd to discuss the rape of a young girl by a BSF soldier on Goldstone Road.
Dr Donkupar was taken to the hospital on 18th November 2019 by a special plane and since that day, his condition has not improved at all. intensive care unit (ICU) treatment.
Students will be allowed to sit for these examinations if they wish and the Board will conduct the examinations when it feels like it.
Bah Rudi Warjri said that there are many youngsters from Shillong who have the ability and who have the opportunity to lead the examinations, but they don't want to fight because they want to do it. Although that is the best job, there should be more young people who want to join the Civil Service.
Speaking to media, Bah Hamlet denied that there was any offer of money for him to contest from the NPP in this election but it is the issues he has stood for since the past. I don't want to join the NPP.
He said that every year Meghalaya Day is celebrated on the 21st of July but this year it is celebrated on the 20th of July as the 21st falls on Sunday.
Yediyurappa has already met Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and BJP President JP Nadda. and discuss the political situation in the state and preparations for the 2023 Assembly elections.
He said that he has already written to the Minister in charge that no equipment should be transported from the hospital from 18th June
It is necessary to improve ourselves in whatever faith we feel is the most perfect but it should not be a source of mutual love and respect in society.
Nongstoin, July 31: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other villages in Kyrshai area are on the border with Assam. Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages of Raidmynsaw.
“When I registered for the MDC election in 2014, Entry IX of the MDC and MLA Act, 1972 allowed me to become an MDC and MLA. The state wants to abolish this with effect from 1st March
Bah Syiem said that until now, about 7 ksing of his ngap have died and he still has about 13 ksing and those who are still alive will die because there are ksing that have died. and the fishes began to die.
The winners of this tournament will be selected to represent the State in the National Championship to be held in Lakshimibai at the National Institute of Physical Education in Assam.
Islamabad, June 21: Pakistan's Tehreek-i-Taliban (TTP) on Tuesday celebrated the opening ceremony of China's $46 billion contribution to the country. It has admitted that it has already tried to launch its own missile known as the Omar-1
In addition, there was also the circulation of photographs of Jingjang and it was admitted that Nengsrang Sangma, Secretary and Second-in-Charge of the GNLA, was also present in those photographs. Police have conducted an investigation and found that the man named Jingjang D Shira is Namchang Ch.
After this sign, on the same road, another sign was placed by the PWD showing that the road from SOS Village to Lum Sohpetbneng is 6.50 km long and the work for this road has been completed. T.291 lakh, but regarding the maintenance for another five years without fixing the price and the contractor, Bah Artis Pyngrope, of AP Construction.
Meanwhile, the residents of Rangblang, which falls under Mawkyrwat Block in South West Khasi Hills, have expressed their reluctance to go to Pariong Constituency in the MDC elections. They said that they cannot accept if they are held in Pariong Constituency, West Khasi Hills which falls under Mawthadraishan Block. that if you do so, it is like tormenting and confusing them.
National Parties: Congress – 2,60,677 votes (26.34 %), NPP – 1,24,717 votes (12.60 %), BJP – 95,769 votes (9.68 %) Regional Parties: UDP – 1,70,354 votes (17.21 %), PDF 24,404 (12.57%), HSPDP – 72,051 (7.28%), KHNAM – 11,917 (1.20%) Therefore, it is necessary for the Riewlum parties to join hands and nominate only one common candidate. by the Riewlum Parties for the MP Election, 2019 so that the candidate they nominate can win the election and through this victory, the Riewlum Parties can also rise again.
“The situation is to have an alliance with other parties but so far nothing can be said although we have had talks with some political parties,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, State President Rikman G Momin expressed his gratitude to the new members.
In the boys' category, Wapung Block beat Lumshnong Block 3-1
When you send a message, you use a shympriahkti.
He said that corruption has spread in all government departments from government ministers, officers and even peons and this has hindered the economic development of the state.
“We are very concerned about this border issue, this is a very difficult issue and what is needed is to ensure that the people should live in peace.
Trucks were also seen coming to unload the goods to be stored in the area.
“Father, you have already supported Peter to buy a car.
MDA government spokesperson James K Sangma said the cabinet has approved the CDPO's to fill the vacancies on a contract basis with a salary of less than Rs 30,000 per month.
Shashi Tharoor said that these days, online shopping is used for shopping, for health care, for depositing money, but there is only one problem, which is “The government in power can take advantage to steal votes and it is only on this issue that measures should be taken to stop hacking,” he said.
The Chief Minister of Assam said that the BJP Karnataka has done the right thing and should demand that the UCC Act should be implemented across the country. The BJP has put forward two issues in its election manifesto and these are the full implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) and the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
He also suggested that UBSI Krishna Pawdal in charge of Shallang PS should be punished.
In the middle of the game, it looked like the two teams would end up drawing without scoring a goal.
Assam government employees have decided to oppose the CAA and have also said, “JOB NOT ABOVE MOTHERLAND”.
She also urged everyone to join hands to learn about this disease and also to disseminate information among the residents so that the spread of TB can be eradicated. 2025, which is in line with the country's target against the disease.
These 12 students have passed from various schools from Jowai, Shillong and including those from Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Umkiang.
“From 27th March 2020 to September 2020, the work of the Home Guards has reached 186 days, but they are still receiving salary for only 40 days,” according to a letter sent by the KSU to the KSU. District Commander.
The incident occurred after a clash between the Karbi and Jaintia people at Khanduli village and in the border areas of Meghalaya in West Jaintia Hills District.
In the Under-15 Girls Double, Namidakahi Nongpluh and Aureliana Passah of KJP School defeated Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh and Knomika Shylla of North Liberty 21-19, 21-1
“It is our duty as leaders to speak out on the issues of the people.
only the cities get it, while we the villagers don't get a penny, and we get it only from our own sources.
The president of the party said that if the blood of the khulom is spent for the sake of the nation, there is blood to be shed for the sake of the nation.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: The MGSPHSVA together with Angela Rangad have lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station against the dissemination of videos on social media that defame the MGSPHSVA. and its members, especially the name of Angela.
“Those from Meghalaya can inform at Meghalaya House or at the office of the party on 08375072856, 09582520301,” said Kharlyngdoh.
’- TNT June 2013.
The girl is the sister of Katdidilia Khonglah who died in the past few days from the same reason.
Revelation 20:2-3
He said that once the new parking lot is completed, they will be able to enter again.
Before the end of the programme, a 125th Anniversary Cake was cut by all the teachers of the school.
After the first 3 and a half years and about the middle of that week... the sacrifice and grain offering will be abolished.
Guwahati: Police have seized Diego Maradona's expensive watch, a hublot, from Guwahati.
In response, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, acknowledged that the MBDA has appointed an expert to explain and teach as the government is ready to include the sites in UNESCO. Heritage Site.
The welcome speech was delivered by Blosom Passah who represented the Moodymmai Dorbar Shnong.
Lamare son of (L) Long Lamare and sister of (L) Shini Lamare passed away on 18.02.21 at 2:30 am.
Wahiajer Narpuh Social & Sport Club and the residents of Meghalaya have expressed their opposition to the Public Hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd to be held on 24-08-2 The NOC was issued by the Waheh Village Council of Wahiajer Narpuh.
“We have issued these warnings after finding that the dignity of the male school children has increased significantly,” the statement said. EJHD warns students not to sell alcoholic beverages during school hours and warns students not to enter such places as it affects their dignity and that of their families. The EJNC demands that all the restaurants should immediately implement these measures.
The Chief Minister was received and honored by the Director General of the Assam Rifles, Lt. General Sukhdeep Sangwan in the presence of the Chiefs of Staff of the Assam Rifles.
Besides the existing supporters, new members from political parties like PDF, AITC, Congress, BJP and others have witnessed the arrival of supporters.
The people, the Dorbars, the civil society, the people's leaders and the government authorities should not end up in talks, but should take action and do their part.
In this letter I would like to express the most important challenges faced by our children, the most important challenge is how they can participate or access the online class that the teachers teach. They have started implementing the schools due to the closure of schools which has been going on for more than 4 months.
The meeting decided not to demand that the KHADC should amend the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Village Administration) Bill, 2014 as there are still shortcomings.
“I urge the elders to explain to the people of the area not to panic, because otherwise our people will die not from covid 19, but from fear and discouragement,” said the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The State Legislative Assembly will start from 8th November 2017 and will last for three days.
There were 64 recoveries yesterday and one death, while today, 21 recoveries and no death.
When looking at the heavenly bodies, the same is true – the sky, the moon, the sun, the sun are female, but male like the clouds, the rain, the thunder and so on.
The KSU has sought clarification from the government and the district council to clarify on this issue because if these authorities have not given permission, the UCIL will get permission.
If wrong, the publishers should correct this as soon as they understand the error and these corrections should be clearly indicated as the first news was published.
“We demand the provision of medicines for those suffering from tuberculosis at Ichamati CHC and Shella PHC and at the same time to investigate how the disease has started to increase suddenly in this area,” said the petition.
Earlier, doctors used to examine imported cattle at the market to determine whether they were healthy.
Dr Ashok Tanwar, another Congress candidate, who is contesting from Sirsa constituency, has collected T.2,3
Therefore, all the residents of the district are requested to take note of this necessary information so that it will not be a major loss.
How did Mawkhap get fire while Mawkajem, Massar, Pomlum and Nongjri Wahskhong were rejected?
Ian Campbell, Olympian and Founder of Arms Physical Testing was the chief guest along with Robert Kabbas, Olympian and 1984 Summer Silver Medalist. Olympic, Atlanta as a guest speaker.
So far, 21 political parties opposed to BP have signed a memorandum of understanding and written to the President of the country not to allow the party, which has won the most votes. not the members alone, but to oversee the whole group, which is the majority of members in the Lok Sabha.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday strongly condemned the decision of the MDA government to operate an odd-even day limit for commercial vehicles to Khyndailad and market as a way to reduce the number of vehicles. the traffic jam.
However, MP Bah Pala has now said that in East Jaintia Hills he will not oppose the railway.
Reuben Nicol Kharchandy, 16, and Anissa Lamare won gold medals in the men's and women's Down Hill events while Nicholas Syrti of West Jaintia Hills District won gold medals in the DH (hardtail) together. Titus Ch Marak (NGH) and Aaron Oniel Kharpuri (EKH) won silver and bronze medals respectively.
However, it is an honor to the NGOs who have donated to such children from the shado, the shadia, the swet, the shempap, the rangli juki with the donations they have. their.
To provide adequate health care and health care, it is necessary to strengthen the health staff, to develop and provide health facilities in rural areas, namely Rural Health, Primary and Community Health Centre.
The proposal to split Andhra Pradesh by making Telangana the 29th state of India has been strongly opposed by lawmakers from Seemandhra.
There are 89 SSLC examination centers in Shillong Region and 68 in Tura Region.
Hamza bin Laden, known as the "Crown Prince of Jihad", is the new leader, named after his father, Osama bin Laden, and is worth $10 million. , offered by the United States to capture him.
However, when reading the Notification dt.11.12.2019, the word Khasi and Jaintia Hills does not appear in the list of those who should be deleted. Nowgong, Sibsagar, Lakhimpur, Naga Hills, Cachar" Unquote – of this Notification dat.
The union has complained that the qualifications are not enough to appoint teachers but the rules laid down by the NCTE should be followed and the vacancies should be announced publicly and then the teachers should be called. interview so that young applicants who are eligible for employment can get it.
He said that although the state has already celebrated its 50th anniversary, no information has been received that there is any proper book for these heroes who fought for the hill state.
Also present on the occasion were CEM Titos Chyne, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem, Pastor FR Kharkrang, Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Assembly, Dr Andrew Simons and other dignitaries.
When asked whether the NPP-Congress alliance will put the BJP in danger of being removed at any time if these parties join hands in the government, Sanbor said it will be seen when it happens. period.
The jerseys were launched by Bah Ransom Sutnga, President of Mawkhar SC at a function on Thursday evening at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Pangniang said that despite many challenges, the party has never vacated a seat in the Legislative Assembly since the formation of the HSPDP. MPs and about 60 MDCs in the 54 years of the party's existence.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Daniel Khyriem, has been released from jail today after being released on bail after five days of imprisonment since his arrest on 7th June. .
After the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct since 16th October, it has made it clear that political parties and candidates should ensure that their supporters do not publish any to disrupt meetings or rallies called by other political parties.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has filed an allegation that the Meghalaya Lokayukta has dismissed officers from the Meghalaya Lokayukta. Corruption in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
May we experience the moments of eternal life in our daily lives.
The Commission should have revealed the names and the government should have punished those involved.
Merry Christmas to all.
“If the TMC wants or requests to cooperate, we will consider and give a decision,” he said.
According to the complaint, all the victims were taken to the hospital for medical check up by a team of police but on their way back, they were shot dead by the OC and his men. They also stormed the Police Station and detained them for more than an hour.
HDR Lyngdoh, who used to be a good friend of Pynshngaiñ during their tenure in the District Council, said that he has never seen Pynshngaiñ come to help or campaign for him. Congress candidate for the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ constituency.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai on Tuesday told the Meghalaya High Court that the collection of garbage by the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) is only a few times a month. bag shi month.
This one is that the law of God from above looks after what man does on this earth, as he has placed and distributed his share, looks after what man does. but if it be evil, the reward shall not be slow, but in any day, when no man thinketh, like a thunderbolt, and like a lightning bolt, God executes his judgment.
The groups that came to take part in the quiz competition were named after the freedom fighters of the state including Pa Togan Sangma, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nongpah and Phan Nonglait.
After the government announced T.4 lakh, the reporter inquired whether the T.4 lakh is also for the families of those who died in other districts due to the earthquake. , it is learned that the T.4 lakh will also be distributed to the families of all the affected districts.
When the state was independent, there was a discussion that Block-1 should be brought to Meghalaya and the people of the area which has 36 Pnar villages want to return to Meghalaya. Meghalaya.
In all the plates, the booh and the ja and the dakha dapatli, the bam and the soh.
But it is not true, it is false.
Tisharbor Rani scored the second goal for Nongmynsong SC in the 20th minute while Midal Amsong scored the second goal for Nongmynsong SC in the 45th minute.
It is learned that the house was locked and after being opened, the body of Olino Rymbai was found lying lyngktar in the middle of a bloodstained lyntang on the ground for the head.
“The RSS is a religious group that supports the BJP. However, the RSS was banned after one of its members, Nathuram Godse, assassinated Mahatma Gandhi.
Some of those tips are listed below: (1) If you have to recall some topics or subjects for the examination, try to understand them by sharing them with others.
Speaking as CEM of KHADC on the second death anniversary of Maieid Hoping, Pynshngain said that through the short stories it is clear that Maieid Hoping has suffered many hardships. in his struggle for the salvation of the country and the nation.
Today, the Ku Tyngkong and Bam Tyngkong ceremonies were held at the Longdoh's house and the people of Niamtre came to present their Khrong ka Tri to the Longdoh of Raid Tuber.
According to the statement, the Seng said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has immediately promised to speak and write to the Chief Minister of Manipur to expedite the removal of these poi-ei. the lands of the Khasi.
These houses cost $57,000 (£42,000) or more than T.36 lakh.
The winner of the final will receive a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka and a trophy while the runner-up will receive a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka.
Replying to a question, Prestone said NEEPCO also has a temporary office in Guwahati to oversee the implementation of projects in Arunachal Pradesh and other states. northeastern part of the country.
All the time, the movement of people from one side to the other was by boats and ships.
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has said that the Indian government will soon introduce a law to use Aadhar for driving licences.
According to the DC, the main events will be held at Khyndai Lad from 12 noon.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and was attended by Dr Vinod K Paul, a pediatrician and a member of the NITI Aayog as the chief guest.
Electrical resources have been strengthened to promote economic development in the area.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday slammed the political parties opposed to the erection of shiah signboards in the state, accusing them of demanding and saying unacceptable things.
The Secretary of the MCA said that the opportunity to play in this tournament is after a long struggle of the states of the Eastern Region of India.
Sailo said the need to provide this special scheme is not only because they are alone but because of the problems they face in the community.
The closing date for receipt of applications is 30th July.
Others who attended the ceremony were Jiedskhem Nongsiej, General Secretary of KSU, Bah JFIawphniaw, Vice President of FKJGP, Bah Pauldeep. Tongwah, President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
From the poverty you don't reach the daily life, you just go to Kia until you reach this limit.
Shillong, Nailur 29: “We did not attend the meeting because they did not inform us from the Hima,” said Hadrian Lyngdoh, Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, in charge of the market.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that since the purchase of furniture from the scheme such as chairs, tables, computers and other items, the 5% VAT has already been deducted from the shop. He said that the 5% has been cut by the BDO before paying to the beneficiaries.
“I have come here to witness for myself this ritual called ka pomblang and this is the first time I have come to witness this ritual which shows the wealth of “This ritual should be preserved so that our descendants can learn from it,” he said.
Yobin's lawyer, Bah Ïangrai, said the Supreme Court has issued a notice and fixed a date for the hearing on the matter.
According to Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, these trees are about 2 or 3 feet tall, which is also a project funded by the North East Cane and Bamboo Development Council (NEDC) in -22.
Also present on the occasion were officials from the Urban Affairs Department, Municipal Board, KHADC, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Raid Laban Dorbar, Women's Organizations and residents of the area.
Lambokstar Marngar President KSU Sengkmie, Reuben Najiar Asst Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie and Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary KSU JHDU were also present. Plastic bags were donated to the Iakyrshanlang Village Organization (VOs) in Iongkaluh village on Tuesday.
B is like A for 40 seconds.
On the other hand, the participants also witnessed cultural programs from the participants from the state followed by a detailed explanation by Kong Elizabeth Kharjana, Project Officer MNREDA. Students from four high schools including Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School, St.George Higher Secondary School, Laban Assamese Girls Higher Secondary School, and Bhanu Bhakta Nepali Pro Secondary School, who took part in the drawing competition on the theme “Renewable Energy for a Better Tomorrow.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the Supreme Court on Tuesday divided the 327 petitions against the CAA into two parts. one for the part of Thor and the other for the applications from the North East of India.
He urged the Principal Secretary in charge of Health to order the implementation of the ICU within 45 days.
It is understood that if the plan of the state government together with the MSOA to hold the National Games in 2025 is successful, the blessings and benefits will be for the children, youth and those who have the talent for sports. to show the world their talents.
On the other hand, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh congratulated Bah Madan Shangpliang who attended the closing ceremony and also to both the teams who reached the final out of the 16 teams who participated.
Look here in Coimbatore, where you are.
Those who violate the law will be punished under section 51 (b) of the Disaster Management Act
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum together with the Rangbah Shnong of Wahingdoh, Mission Compound on a visit to Motphran: Rupang.
Because not only the 1000 days job is free, but almost every job that the villagers earn their living on, the government has banned and considered illegal.
In the High Court, the state government has issued a certificate to the students who have started riding buses from 2 to 70 students. reduce the traffic jam in the city.
Remington Pyngrope, former MLA of Mawkynrew constituency, has spent T.82 lakh to purchase 1438 CGI sheets at the price of T.5700 per ban. T.20 lakh was spent to provide financial assistance of T.10 thousand each to 250 farmers, T.13.50 lakh was spent to provide financial assistance to the Mawkynrew Development Committee to purchase a Mini Truck (Dumper ) to transport niut, T.2 lakh was spent to distribute T.2 thousand to 100 farmers.
At present, the EE office is located in Jowai which is known as the PWD South Division, and this Division looks after the areas under the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division. travel from time to time and expenses.
He said that all the old PWD roads under the municipal areas of his constituency have been repaired from time to time for many years.
However, the government has to pay up to T.1.94 crore due to the increase in household income.
It is learned that the opposition parties have demanded the immediate dismissal of these teachers who have shown authority and who do not care about the rights of the students by misusing the teachers. your power inside the school.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today held a march from Umlyngkdait to Nongpoh with placards to condemn the government's failure to respond to the problems of the border residents. Assam Police Station.
Out of the 81 constituencies, the JMM and its allies, including the Congress and RJD, won 41 and could reach 43, while the BJP won 28. three Constituencies.
“Because they have now agreed through the MOU to fall under Assam or Meghalaya, those villages which have been transferred to Assam should have only EPIC from Assam and those which have been transferred to Assam should have “It's an epic in Meghalaya,” he said.
If you don't talk to the government, you will talk to someone because the Reservation Policy applies only to government jobs and not to private jobs.
The Minister of Civil Aviation confirmed this in an interview with reporters in Gwalior on Thursday.
At the same time, he said that there is also a concern regarding the safety of the students and said that the central and state governments are taking care for the safety of the students. that they may be in the city.
The Government has appointed Meghalaya Drugs Distributors from Tura to distribute these drugs in the state.
Tura Police have registered the incident under Section 354, which deals with crimes against women and other provisions.
To get clarification on the activities of RKM, Rupang Editor RM Shabong sent an email to Swami Anura Gananda, Secretary of the Mission. –Rupang:The Ram Krishna Mission has been involved in helping the refugees, so in this time of pandemic, these are the assistance that the Mission has provided to the refugees. Swami Anuragananda (SA): This year we are providing assistance in the following ways during the pandemic:
In conclusion, the KSU sent this message to the government, “Don't build the railway line too much now, but work day and night to build the ILP gates in the state, otherwise you will face Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
Some of the people who witnessed the incident have questioned whether there is no right to protest in the streets of peace and whether it is not just to oppose any law of the government and whether to hold any protest. anti-government rallies according to the democratic system have to seek permission directly from the government.
One of the success stories of these trainings is that of Kong Merida Bareh from Mynkre village. She has become a skilled Office Assistant from a day job. work through participation in the CS program, digital literacy skills, preparedness and job skills have not only improved her career but also improved her family.
He said that everyone is working together to strengthen the BJP in the state because they want to lead the state after the MLA election
Of these, the party is still considering whether there are two or three candidates who want to contest the election.
The LCSs under construction in Meghalaya are Dalu and Gashuwapara.
Speaking to reporters, the DGP said that the talks to declare Garo Hills as a disturb area have not yet agreed and the police are still strong enough to curb the insurgency even among the people. problems not bun.
Another reason why they have shown their dissatisfaction with this area is because they said that it is an unsafe area located in the military base, a place where only truck drivers, and not i I'm happy to stay in this place because as soon as the villagers leave the market, it's quiet.
"They were arrested after a thorough check of the list of passengers coming from the Northern Region and those identified as confirmed by government officials in Colombo," he said. said.
The JSM said that the village authority has lodged many complaints against the rune of the transformer, but the MeECL has failed to protect the lives and livelihoods of the people.
He said that the party, as it is concerned about the uniqueness of culture, beliefs and others, should oppose the Government of India's plan to implement the UCC in the State.
The BDO of Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block has been directed to provide any urgent assistance.
“We have plans but we cannot make them public right now,” he said.
However, even after the Directorate of Health and Services (MI) has clarified through the media that the drugs have been expired during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry has said that it cannot accept the drugs. Faithful.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the State Government has no role in the discussion on citizens who are from the country, but who work or study abroad and those who are from other countries. want to return to your own country.
As soon as you have a smartphone, you want to watch it whether you are with friends or in class or alone.
Bah RM Shabong We don't know what the BJP government means when it implements the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) and the NRC at the same time.
On the other hand, he said that the Governor may approve him as EM tomorrow or the next day as the state government has sent his name to the Governor's office in these months. day.
Speaking to media, KSU South West Khasi Hills Unit President Forwardman Nongrem said that the demand for the establishment of the C&RD in the area has been going on since
Those whom I often hear are those who praise the wise storyteller, the wise chairman and the wise singers.
However, there were 100 days roads which were suitable for small vehicles and Bolero Pick Ups.
He said that for this reason, the signboard has been suspended due to many objections from the border residents of the two districts.
The Eucharistic Procession of Umkiang Parish which was held on the 18th June at Holy Cross Parish Umkiang was very lively with the participation of many faithful from all over the churches.
Self Help Groups, Societies from all over the district have come to take part in the exhibition which has about 26 stalls to showcase and sell their products from fish water, handicrafts, clothes and other items such as knives and swords.
IndiGo also operates flights between Shillong and four other cities including Silchar, Agartala, Imphal and Kolkata.
Singers and musicians will also receive financial assistance, recognized by the Department of Canada and Culture, at T.3,000 per head.
The implementation of this scheme will not only help the people to access the services provided by the State Cooperatives and the branches of the Agriculture and Rural Development Banks (ARDBs), but will also bring more benefits to the people. clarity and orderliness in the implementation of these schemes will improve the efficiency of their work and free them from time consumption.
He said that only witnesses will be allowed to testify in court.
The NPP won only nine seats in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, he explained that in this distribution of the MLA Scheme, there are also in their respective areas where there are households who have received tin sop iing, there are households who have received song. There are villages that have been provided with chairs, generators, sound equipment and other necessities.
Looking at the state of society, it is full of problems from the increase in unemployment, the increase in prices in all aspects, the deterioration of families and many others.
Rangdajied beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the first semifinal on Saturday.
The HNYF demands that the Reservation Policy should be implemented from now on and at the same time demands that the Reservation Policy should be reviewed.
They turned them into guinea pigs and experimented with corporations.
Shillong, Lber 14 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has proposed to hand over the management of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute (KHADC) at Lum Sohpetbneng, Ri Bhoi District.
He was elected Tymmen Basan of the Mawlai Presbyterian Church on 25th March, 1987, and became the Secretary Village of Mawlai Ïewrynghep in
“The Government should issue a clear notification to release the District Council Courts and the cases within the jurisdiction of the Sixth Schedule should fall under the District Council Courts,” he said. .
An earthquake measuring 6.4 on the Richter scale and with a depth of 10 kilometers struck Nepal on Thursday night.
A.Nongrum scored the second goal for Risa Colony while K. Mylliem scored the second goal for Krang SC.
Jason said a case has been registered under Section 326/307/506/34 IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
He also explained the need to eradicate smoking in public places, to promote the brand of tobacco and other measures that help and encourage the production of tobacco.
Eicher Trucks & Buses is the first commercial vehicle manufacturing plant in India to see an increase in timely delivery of goods and catering to the needs of people in an efficient manner, until the Uptime Center is installed in
This PHC is well equipped compared to other PHCs, but it needs the government to provide the necessary equipment and all the necessities of the health center so that it can provide adequate services to the people.
Speaking at the launch of the party's list of candidates for the upcoming MDC elections, Bah Adelbert said it is necessary for the people of Khasi Hills to elect a party that stands from for the country and the nation.
“The Governor wants to know whether the government can examine its decision on the resignation of Bah Nongrum as CEM,” the newspaper said.
The ration managers of the village have threatened that if they do not take the ration at the price of 4 tyngka per kilo, they will not give any ration from the village and ordered them to go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply Jowai.
Through this deterioration of the road in this area, it has also caused traffic accidents where many vehicles passing through this road refuse to pass through the bad road and many want to pass through it. the better side.
Farmers also need the love and encouragement of all.
Each truck costs T.1,6
These two youths of Ri Bhoi, who have been selected as the Ri Bhoi Idols, have been recognized by the Government of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi from the Election Department. those examples to preach to the people on the value of the right to elect their leaders and also that the people should understand that the Constitution of India has already empowered that no one can violate this right to elect public leaders.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and the Superintendent of Police, and submitted a petition to demand that severe punishment should be imposed against them. to run.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram in June, demanded that the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) should remove the book 'Diengjat Ki Longshwa' written by Fr J Bacchiarello SDB of Italy was published by Don Bosco Book Depot, Shillong.
The court also directed that if there is any notice or information that should reach the residents of the Municipal, it should be sent directly to the President or Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnong Jowai.
The race was held as part of the Rashtriya Ekta Diwas which aims to raise awareness among the people to have unity and as part of the celebration of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel. think with the Indian architect.
The Student Union has criticized his statement that the students who attend classes at Kiang Nangbah are like going to the market and not like those who go to school.
They said that until now they have been selling kwai for 10 tyngka four words but the time will come when they will have to sell kwai for 10 tyngka per words because they have suffered a huge loss.
As we often remember the words of John Milton: Surprise, surprise, or destruction.
According to reports, the ship capsized and sank on Tuesday near the Peloponnese peninsula.
According to the complaint lodged at Lumdiengjri police station, Bah Sumer said, “Bah Ardent has committed theft, fraud, signing and embezzlement of Council money during the time he He is still holding the post of CEM in the name of the purchase of land by the Council.
Gavin urged the State Government to take action and talk to the Government of India to get justice to the family of Bah Ronning, through assistance.
Due to the lack of forests, wildlife and birds are also on the verge of extinction.
A zookeeper in a Japanese park has lost his life after being attacked by a lion while trying to introduce the lion. inside it is also a 'Cage' which he must live in.
Meanwhile, the SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub Division, in a statement yesterday, announced the closure of dams in Darrang, Kongwang, Lymba, Dawki and Bakur.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The World Mission Society Church of God (WMI) will hold its 313th blood donation to give life through the love of the Religion of Light in 2,200 churches around the world. in 150 countries around the world.
The Assam government has admitted that this area falls under the Jrikyndeng Police Station.
To save time, open shops selling goods at home.
Shillong: The Miss Meghalaya 2020 will be held at the Bakur Playground in Dawki on the 15th of this month.
