The committee has been appointed and the SDSEO has asked for a day to discuss the matter.
The program started from 6th July 2022 to 18th July 2022 and was organized by the District Disaster Management Authority, Ri Bhoi District. First Batch) from different villages of Ri Bhoi District to receive training on how to provide protection or assistance to the people in times of calamities.
The match tomorrow 29.09.2022 will be between Chilliangraij SC and Mukhla Raij SC at 2 pm.
He said that KAS is currently fighting to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the second innings, Madrasa scored 98 runs in 8.3 overs.
He loved and respected the Khasi when he saw that they were respectful, since he first came here in our country.
The woman has been missing since the 9th of this month while she was trying to bring food to her father who runs a shop in Gogolgre bazar.
Words can't explain it all and I love you"
He asked whether the government has done anything after seeing the response and whether it has talked to the government authorities from Assam to ensure that peace and order will remain on the border.
But when they returned home, they remembered the feast.
Police have taken the suspect to court and are conducting further investigation.
The Ri Khasi Football Club will hold the 2023 Open Football Tournament on the 15th of this month.
This shows that one Block serves about 70,000 residents.
He said that the problem of drug addiction is like a disease because children between the ages of 13 and 14 years old have become addicted to drugs.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 13: Assam Government officials on the 10th of this month visited villages in Langpih area, led by Nandita Das MLA of Boko, accompanied by Other Congress MLAs, who are in the opposition, have shocked and surprised the Khasi residents of the area.
He said that the land where the land owners live near Bimola is still under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem and not the Municipal. under the jurisdiction of the Municipal is wrong.
“The policy of this government is to select the head of the rice, select the head of the sohlah and all the jobs are given only to these heads (High Level) and in foreign languages ​​they call it High Level and “It's called Low Level,” said Bah Martle while speaking at a public meeting held in Thynroit recently.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 22: “If the government and the district authorities of West Khasi Hills in charge of the election cannot do anything for the border residents who go to vote in Assam and Meghalaya, the “The border talks will not reach anywhere,” said Bah P.Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem village, east of Langpih near Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Pa'iem Balajied Sing Syiem, expressed his satisfaction that the Khun Longtrai, has completed the lehniam every year, in which he said that this is an honor to the Hima Khyrim. which still retains its own customs and religion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the program was not only on the basis of the distribution of these letters of appointment to the newly recruited teachers. , but it is also a program that can be shared on the vision and vision of the state government.
Banerjee said that the Government of West Bengal has provided financial assistance as a bailutksan in case of any incident.
The meaning of this parable is this: the master of the house in his dealings with the workers represents God and His dealings with people which are very different from the dealings of people with their brothers. person.
Meanwhile, another person escaped outside the building around the time responding agencies approached the building.
He said that this month, during the closure of the border by the government authorities due to the Independence Day celebrations, the smuggling of cows has also stopped and the cow market in Khanapara has resumed. , even the price of beef, can be brought back down.
HYC.Shillong: The 9th Cash Prize Money Football Tournament organized by the Mowpynyein Social Cultural & Sport Organization (HYC) today started with the second round of the tournament. BK FC played against Tpepswer SC. This match was very interesting in which both the teams fought hard to qualify for the quarterfinals.
“We have all said that.
Not only that, the beautiful mountains and rivers surround this state.
This month, Bah Macmillan Kharbani together with the party leaders, left for Mawrublei village in Sangriang area, to hold a meeting and to register the names of the party members and office bearers. the village.
Through this initiative, T.39 crore has been allocated for the beautification of the Umkhrah River to reduce the pollution of the Umkhrah River.
The corona virus has now entered the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
RM Shabong When we talk about the relationship between India and Bangladesh, we have to remember that Pakistan's hostility towards India is still strong today and the reason is because India has been fighting against Bangladesh. In 1970, the country became known as Bangladesh.
“I have applied for many government jobs, company jobs but I haven't got them and this has made me turn to this job because there is a place donated by my mother and father, but I see that This place is suitable to be transformed into a place where the people can play and relax and relax, so I have tried to find a way to take d He said that this place has been given by him. The name Mribu Jungle Camp is because the forest in this area was known as Mribu in the past because of the presence of a tree which is often called by that name. The name of the village, which is also the old name of the village, has been saved by this name and on his part, he has invited and invited the people to come and visit the place.
Rakkam said as a teacher he wants to improve education in the state and this will be achieved through the cooperation of all from the Government, MLAs, Sengbhalang, Teachers and Students.
No religious founder can promise these things that Jesus Christ promised.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Raid Lyting Sordar Donbor Dkhar said that the opposition of the Lai Raid is on the basis of the CCIB, which demands that the signboard should not take up to 150 yards. that the border should be restored, because there are many places, that the villagers have long lost to East Pakistan (Bangladesh) and that the signboard should be from the border. of the two Countries.
Because the Employment Generation Scheme has a flag ship or a time bound programme, it is not necessary to consider the implementation of these schemes.
He said that when seeking clarification through RTI on the slasha farm, it was found that the department has not been able to provide clarification on the soil test before planting the slasha. It is clear that the department has ignored this and it is said that they have not been able to explain the origins of slasha and where they bring the slasha seeds and what is more surprising is the number of workers. only on papers but in reality up to 80 % of employees are not genuine.
Nongrum said that in the past, vehicles used to pass from Shillong to Guwahati through this bridge.
“It is worth mentioning that the Village Leaders of Mawbah together with the MLA of Shillong West, Bah Mohendro Rapsang recently met with Bah Prestone who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee. They strongly oppose this government's plan.
“If Nagaland can, if Mizoram can, our state should also succeed,” said Thabah.
They were placed in 51 boxes.
MeECL's former Shillong Lajong player Sheen Stevenson Sohktung scored another goal after two minutes.
The final match will be played in Shillong. According to him, the tournament will start with the match between Rangdajied United FC and Hynniew Wasa FC in Jowai.
Jesus is the Mediator of the New Testament, and when he died for the redemption of the transgressions under the first covenant, those who are called receive the promise. for that eternal part
First of all I thank God even though I have been in bed since 23rd April 2020 until now and this disease has weakened me so much that I can't even get out of bed on the 24th, but the surprising thing is that the disease has not overwhelmed my mind, God has strengthened me although my flesh is weak but my spirit is strong.
Puducherry, July 23: U V Sundar, a resident of Nellithope, has lodged a complaint with the Orleanpet Police Station against the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, alleging that he has insulted India by There are three colors in India.
The mid-term elections of the KHADC for the Langrin constituency will be held on 28th June.
Therefore, the party strongly urges the MDA-2 Government to talk from now on that the people of Assam should no longer cut down the kwai trees, the tympew of their brothers and sisters anywhere.
There will be many themes related to water conservation in this drawing competition.
While the votes are being counted, the public shall not be allowed to gather outside the polling stations.
Where can I register for this scheme?
These fish are sold in the market by injecting formalin, a chemical that prevents the fish from rotting.
About 200 people, including women and children, left Mizoram on Sunday and Tuesday and set up shelter. in Cachar district in the northern part of Assam.
US media reported that Zawahiri was shot dead by a drone and attacked his residence in Kabul at 6:18 pm (0148 GMT). Sunday.
If an AK-47 is found on the body of a person, he will be tried under the same rules as the person who seized the pistol.
In East Garo Hills, one high risk contact, in East Jaintia Hills, one police person and in West Khasi Hills, one high risk contact.
The group of FKJGP Mawlai led by Bah Marbud Dkhar, president, said that the DC said that the trucks parked in the line have caused disruption to the traffic of the people. bar kulmar and break the garbage while the shaba lap is not found.
We also see that in these days that wealth is the master and the nation is the slave and has become the source of evil thoughts.
But maybe it might not even be the case.
However, the BJP, which is the party that formed the coalition government, has not yet had any MLAs who can stand unless Mawphlang MLA Bah Eugene Lyngdoh has refused to contest again.
“Of course there will be committees to build houses for those who cannot afford to build themselves but there should be a good understanding,” said Bah Banteidor. He said that they will be happy because the assistance will continue for the residents and not just asked for.
The residents of Phodjalei said that there is now a bridge across the Rwiang River which has been completed.
The match on the final day will start with the third place match between Mawkyrwat and Dkhiat in the women's category and Nongstoin and Jowai in the men's category.
Shillong, June 24: The three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in the state have unanimously decided to oppose the Central Government's proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) across the country. .
The Government has allocated funds for more than 100 posts to St Mary's College Shillong, 18 posts to PGT College, 30 posts to Don Bosco College Tura, 18 posts to Seng Khasi College, Shillong, 55 posts to UCC, 119 seats for St Anthony's College, Shillong Commerce, 15 seats for Mendipathar College (an increase of 34 seats for People's College) and 72 seats for Sankardev College. Synod College, 85 Lady Keane College and 82 St Edmund's College.
Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) led by Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) City, Bah B Jyrwa together with the Officer In-charge of Jhalupara Police Station, Wycliff Momin, Sector Officer of Jhalupara Police Station, Anti Infiltration Officer, SA Marak and Night Supervising Officer, Bah CM Ranee rushed to the scene.
Shillong, June 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the state has not implemented the roster system for 50 years.
The humidity in the morning was 79 percent, while in the evening, the humidity was only 57 percent.
We congratulate the MDA government for taking the step to improve and revise the Farmers Market Act and hope that it will be a fruitful effort and initiative to empower the farmers. The Act 1980, which insults and harasses the farmers.
“I am very pleased that the Meghalaya High Court has suspended the demarcation and has also suspended the erection of the Mawpud after a complaint by the chiefs,” said Bah Sawkmie.
According to one of the Rangbah Balang of Nobgthymmai, “Pastor Iarington is a very fond storyteller because his stories are very interesting from his childhood until his old age. be a person who speaks the truth and who is responsible for the Church and who is willing to attend church.
In recent years, steps from the Government of India, the expertise of sugar mills and global trends have brought about a positive change in sugar industries.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gavin said that the construction of this road is due to the cooperation of the Government authorities including the Prime Minister, the Principal Secretary, PWD officers to the employees and leaders. village and the people of the area.
Nongstoiñ, March 20: The Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has become stronger and encouraged with the participation of youths from Rimuliang Zone, Rambrai Zone and Mawlangsu Zone.
Passengers from Shillong and Jowai have expressed their anger over the deterioration of the National Highway 6 as the road has deteriorated and many of them have become debris.
Bicameral – Ardorbar is a form of establishment of dorbars in a khadar system which includes two types of dorbars empowered to implement the laws in society.
Shillong: After three and a half months of lockdown in the state, the shopkeepers have reopened their shops today, despite the lockdown imposed by the District Administration.
However, the question that arises here is what is the sign that God the Lord has given to the Khasi Khara to know man and God.
The Commissioner & Secretary, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, said that the electricity department will pay T.30 crore first and after three months it will pay another T.20 crore to NEEPCO. T.30 crore will be paid on the first day.
Bah Mewahi, there are Khasi who became Christians before the arrival of Thomas Jones, those who were taught by Alexander Lish and Krishna Pal.
Besides, the VC also urged the striking college teachers to discuss the issues and invited the MCTA to come and discuss in order to take a unanimous decision. .
FPS dealers can also be contacted at the following phone numbers – Shri A. Mawlong, Technical Support Assistant – 8787410551, Shri D. Laloo, Field Engineer –
Suddenly, I heard that song of the singer whom I used to sing in the past years:-You have sat with me in trouble, Sit with me in trouble. 101(5)Once upon a time I loved you,I didn't love you;When I was young I was foolish. ,Jesus came to us-PHB 358(3)REMEMBER YOUR CREATOR IN THE DAYS OF YOUR YOUTH.
Kappa is a traditional Garo dish that is very tasty to eat.
The award was received by Conrad Sagma, Chief Minister, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture.
This statement was issued by the President of the HYC, Samla Hercule Suting and the General Secretary, Samla Shemphang Masharing.
With a grateful heart, the Rangbah Shnong expressed his gratitude to the MDC for facilitating their travel by providing this dewbilat road.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has established a new unit known as the Pomlum Unit on the 24th of this month.
In the middle of last month, a man from Rymphum village came and told one of his relatives from Umpara village who is now living in Nyrtiang that Kiang Nangbah He stayed there for a while in Umpara.
Have you ever thought that the cost of monitoring the movement of someone will cost up to T.2.7klur per annum? Ravi Singh, one of the richest men in the Bollywood world, earns Rs 2.7 crore to guard one of the stars of Bollywood and Ravi is believed to be the highest paid star guard in Bollywood.
Gigur Myrthong of the NPP will replace Pyniaid Sing Syiem as Dy.CEM.
If these Rules and Notifications are not real laws, it is hoped that the Hon'ble High Court will issue a positive decision against such laws used by the Government to violate the rights of teachers. .
Vehicles passing through Mawlangwir Village will park at the Football Ground.
From time to time, we see and hear of the visits of politicians and state officials abroad.
‘There is no God.
However, Meghalaya didn't last long when Poonia and Sharma came to throw the ball against the remaining batsmen of Meghalaya until Meghalaya lost all its batsmen in the short run. which is only 207 runs.
Not only that, it is also prohibited to carry any donation items worth more than T.10,0
The road collapse in Rngaiñ in which two people lost their lives, in the past few months has not affected many, especially the village leaders and family members.
At the same time, Dr Kharshiing said that the SNSBH will hold a meeting soon to discuss the activities of the union which has already made demands from the government.
She said that the political parties in the state should learn from the political parties outside the state.
Along with that, there will also be a quiz and many other competitions.
TUR and KAM Meghalaya strongly condemn the shootings and riots that took place today on the streets of Laitumkhrah area by the residents who took part in the rally for unemployment. held at Iewrynghep Square, Shillong.
Despite facing many challenges in the rural and urban areas, the government has achieved this target in only 987 days – 13 days ahead of schedule.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today announced its candidate for the 2023 Mawhati Constituency Election.
We have our own parties, we know how to run ourselves.
At the same time, foreigners who lived in the state 50-100 years ago, have faced difficulties and have been treated as poor.
H.Kharphuli, Headmistress of Pentecostal Academy Secondary School, Rangshken was also present as the Chief Guest and Bah H.Kharhunai, Teacher of St Paul's RCLP School, Marbisu was also present as the Chief Guest. .
Bah Marbud said that in the last five years the people have given way to the leaders but they have not reached anywhere, they cannot carry out to work for the people.
They were rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
““We have requested the Government of India to set up a Central Government inquiry into this incident, either through the CIA or NIA or any other agency so that the truth can be revealed.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O, (Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that they shall not be punished.
Just as God dealt with the children of Israel in ancient times by sending up to 10 plagues because of their sins, so He will deal with us today.
The painting was reportedly produced by Banksy, which produces these beautiful paintings and sells them at a very high price, according to the Daily Mail.
The meeting held today decided to complete the requirements of the group such as the constitution, logo, etc. before the election of the full office bearers.
At this meeting, Dr. Mukul also criticized the NPP for its inability to fulfill its promises.
He said the opposition can no longer fight against the BJP through economic development and thus they have tried to mislead the people in many ways and alleged that they are targeting money for profit. politics, but the BJP does not do such things as the opposition from time to time alleges.
Nongpoh: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the Teacher's Day by holding a programme. Special meeting at the Parish Hall Nongpoh.
“Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book” Revelation 22:7
It needs to be corrected because there is a mistake in the allocation of responsibilities.
The meeting took nine issues to demand from the Prime Minister including the resignation of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to allow an independent investigation, as the case came to light after the child escaped from the hotel. Marvelene Inn in Rilbong.
This decision was taken at an emergency cabinet meeting held on Tuesday evening under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The final match of the 1st Division will be between Porshangbet SC and Khliehmawlieh SC at 10:30 AM while in the Super Division, Nongpyndeng SC will play against Rambrai at 12:30 AM. 30 PM. The NDSA has informed that the tournament of these two categories will be inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh Minister of Sports as the chief guest.
He said that as a pastor he has met many people who come to him with the problems they face.
As we move forward in democracy, we have taken decisions related to policies to empower women in political activities and also income generation to open up opportunities for them to become leaders.
Shillong, Lber 31: A fire has destroyed a house in Kuliang village on the 30th of this month.
The foreign minister is said to have held talks with the UK government on the issue, and is expected to reach an agreement soon.
It is alleged that the owner of the vehicle tried to hide the incident and after pulling the vehicle he hid the vehicle.
The weight/sting should match the supporting structures.
The BMC will arrange all the necessary arrangements for the transportation of the bodies from AIIMS to the crematoriums in Satyanagar and Bharatpur in the city, said another official of the group.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister of Nagaland-Neiphiu Rio and the Chief Minister of Assam-Himanta Biswa Sarma congratulated the two leaders. new state.
At the same time, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the GNM School of Nursing for the opening of the GNM School of Nursing. The training will produce young people who will serve in the health department and encourage the youth to take advantage and especially to learn other languages ​​so that the youth after completing their studies can learn. three out of state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation (MePDCL) today announced that it will make a one-time payment arrangement for those who have not been able to pay their electricity bill exactly. completely fire.
Balsan died at a government hospital on 20th July, while Witson, a suspected GNLA supporter, died at a police station in Chokpot on 28th July. Balsan was arrested on the 13th and Witson on the 27th.
In the first innings, Nongdawah CC tied first and scored 116 runs for 10 runs after 18.2 overs. Moonlight War tied for 29 (22) while Pynbhalang Kharsati scored 4/10 runs in 3.5 overs.
However, due to the negligence of the PWD officials from Shillong and the government's lack of attention to the complaints of the people, the bridge could pose a serious threat to the passengers as it could collapse at any time. for.
“The TMC is a new party in Meghalaya but we as workers have been involved in political activities for a long time.
Khliehriat, July 24: The EJNC Sumer Circle today lodged a complaint with the SDO and Engineer of MePDCL Khliehriat regarding the supply of electricity. electricity bill and smart meter.
“If we the farmers have decided to stop buying cows from this market, it will be a big surprise if there are any people who go to buy cows from this market,” said the farmers leader. .
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong of Umpling Umjathang, Bah Kynsaibor Nongphud, in his speech, congratulated the MLA for this donation and said that they have already spent Rs 2 lakh to build the football ground. field to the 2 lakh valid.
A letter from the HFU and farmers especially from Umraleng area who have expressed their concern about the availability of more than 10,000 kilos of kajor which they have harvested and which they will harvest and which they will have to sell during the National Lockdown.
The anonymous minister strongly criticized the Syiem's ​​opposition to the opposition ministers by saying that every month only on the 10th of this month they are the ones who come to look for milk or look for milk. “This is our good king, he doesn't take away the bai rneng, he gives it to everyone, they don't have the slightest gratitude,” he said. minister of the kingdom of Mylliem.
To kill Sajar Nangli, the Syiem ordered the cooks and food preparers to mix Umkhohriew with rice beer in the food and drink to be served. u Caesar Forest.
After the arrest of these eight persons, police are conducting investigation to find out who else is involved in the theft.
Sangma also congratulated BJP President JP Nadda for his party's performance in these four states including Rajasthan and Chattisgarh.
While receiving the MLA Scheme, he has also given his account in front of the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Vivek Syiem explained to the youth about the dangers of drinking drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 30 : After the outbreak of African Swine Fever, Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) has spread to many districts of the country. Khasi Hills.
He said that anyone who wants to get a ticket from the party has to go through many rules to join the party as primary members and they must be active workers of the party. you don't have to buy a ticket.
Members of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) in Mizoram on Saturday raised flags at their workplaces.
This country should support each other and when this country supports each other, it will not be long before within 20-25 years, we will grow in terms of money and those who will benefit and grow. Through this, the youth will be the future of the country,” said Nilesh Cabral.
The ECI today issued recommendations to rearrange the 126 Assembly constituencies and 14 Lok Sabha constituencies in Assam.
The Scout Master and Guide Captain of East Jaintia Hills was welcomed by Ma Ronaldo Dkhar Asstt.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 8: “The defeat by only 100 votes in the last MLA election has not made me sad or disappointed,” said Bah KP Pangñiang, President of the HSPDP. reporter today.
Jesus was born in the time of King Herod and according to the Gospel of Matthew 2:1-12 three wise men from the East went to knock on the door of King Herod's palace in Jerusalem.
Therefore, he urged the office bearers of the SWKHD Volleyball Association to come forward and work with the MSOA to promote this sport throughout the state.
That is the forest area, which is 5,000 meters high and is very beautiful, the report said.
Speaking to reporters at a meeting at Shillong Press Club, Bah Disparsing said that the monthly electricity bill from Garo Hills is Rs 10 crore while Khasi Jaintia Hills has received Rs 10 crore per month. long up to 81 crore rupees.
Shillong, November 21: The Chairperson of the MCPCR, Meena Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the Commission wants to hold a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, to discuss the need for children's rights. the wrong of the Rangbah Shnong, the right.
These students are residents of Mawsynram constituency and have passed with 60%.
Shillong: Speaking to media, after the confirmation of the full office bearers of the TMC in Pynursla, Bah P Khiewtam, General Secretary of the TMC, said that his joining the TMC it should bring about change in the region in all aspects.
The Malngiang kingdom extended from Damera (Nowgong) east through the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and west to Kuwan (Shylet).
“Therefore, as the Sengbhalang, we urge and request you not to issue a trading license to this company for the benefit of many churches and we believe and hope that the EC under your leadership will not violate it. “It is true that as we have seen in the newspapers, one party supports the opening of this company, which we don't have anything to do with,” said the Chairman and Secretary of the JAC. We are not surprised at the rise of the Lum Manik Raitong Union through the support of one of the Sengbhalang because we have seen that since the past this Union has wanted to open the this company bar State.
Police said that these three persons were involved in issuing fake appointment letters to some of the residents of the area.
Ecclesiastes 1:18.
Second, it comes from the fact that they have limits and a selfish spirit.
"Long why?" asked the mother of Rida.
Therefore, some stories about this great man of ours have been written as follows: Para Ri baieid, remember that most of the history of events in different parts of the world has been written. by men who win wars, not men who lose them.
“He has become a victim,” said Bah Donbor, while talking to Rupang by mobile today.
“We urge other political parties to take part in this project so that this project will be successful as we have expected in the previous meetings,” said the General Secretary of KHNAM. James said that KHNAM has been monitoring the appointment of an Expert Committee to look into the proposal to amend or revise the Reservation Policy of the state.
It was also decided to close down the houses of Bah S. Roy, Bah B. Nongkhlaw, Howell Road, Laban, the house of Bah P. Lyngdoh (tenant), the house of Bah S. The house of S. Sharma (resident) at the house of A. Lyngdoh, ABP Road, Iewdak, Laban, the house of Dinesh Kumar Shah (resident) at The house of Lorina Rynjah, behind Zenith Jubilee Club, St. John's Area, Laban, the house of G. Pyngrope, Amjad Ali Road, opposite City Guest House, Laban, the house of NK Das, behind the City Guest House, Laban. Laban Police Station, Laban and the house of SD Das (1st floor), against SBI ATM, Laban Last Stop.
However, look carefully at the goodness and character of the leaders, "for if a fool acts wisely, there is still one way, but if a fool acts wisely, be careful.
The party he supported first was the UDP led by Bah BB Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha duwar u blei) who led the Lyngkyrdem constituency where his father was a big supporter.
Shillong: Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar today met with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar. the Committee to Fight Drugs.
“I am not one to leave Meghalaya to live in Delhi, I live and am in Meghalaya, I will live and die in Meghalaya.
This was announced by Bah Tynsong to the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at a meeting held on 15th November.
Also present on the occasion were Hopeful Bamon MLA, Nongstoin MLA, Rambrai MLA, KP Pangniang, Rambrai MLA, Bluebell R Sangma, SGHD MLA, DP Wahlang, Secretary Education Department, Member of PAC, Principal of Nongstoin College Bah BK Laitphlang and others.
The final match of the day was between Max XXI FC and Lynti Jam Football Center in which the match was very interesting and fierce, but in the midst of a fierce battle to win the title, Max XXI FC managed to win They beat Lynti Jam 2-0 to win the title.
Furthermore, according to the Nongknia ki Nongkhriam, it is said that those who hold fast to the SAINDUR of their ancestors do not dare to ask for a sign from God or from God without it. HEAD. TUPIA or JAINSPONG. (Spanish head in Pnar).
However, hopes are strong because the BJP has already named Conrad as a hero. Regarding the CAB's opposition to the 966 million Hindus, Bhagwat said, “We are in danger. Do you have only 15 lakh rupees and you don't have anything to say about the threat to you?
Two persons have been arrested and investigations are ongoing.
“If we have read and studied well, this applies to Christians,” he said.
“The Dorbar Shnongs are no longer involved in this scheme and it is the committee that looks after and implements the scheme but we want it to go through the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Blah.
The above is part of the Sample Thup-adong Kyntokam for the purpose of restricting political parties and candidates in the conduct of the elections to the Legislative Assembly in the State.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that after the Puja, the government will take a decision to extend some of the jobs in the state.
The Puja will start from 19th to 23rd March.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 14th of this month, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We strongly urge you to take the necessary measures. to remove this advertisement and release another one by increasing the age limit for recruitment in line with other States of India for ST/SC. The Inspector General of Police (R/PR)-Cum-Chairman, Central Recruitment Board on the 6th of this month, has released the age limit for the post of UB Constable/Fireman/Driver Fireman/Fireman Mechanic/MPRO Operator. The age limit for ST/SC is 18-21 years and the age limit for ST/SC is 5 years. The age limit for applicants to these posts has been reduced to 21 years in addition to 5 years or 26 years is unacceptable and this will seriously affect the youth of the state. unemployed for many reasons," he added.
However, the truth will be revealed on the 2nd because we have given our body and soul for the state.
On the 21st of November this year, Bah Pangñiang together with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs met with the Superintendent Engineer and handed over the letter.
Only the Presidents and Secretaries of Primary Units from 130 villages were allowed.
Meanwhile, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) should send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong to appoint the Prime Minister. people who live in the area.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, leaders of various political parties, the KSU and the GSU. expressing opposition to the Bill.
Now that the Supreme Court has taken action, the government has not refused to prepare the roster system.
Many of the prominent figures in the society like Ma OR Shallam from Jowai and others have written and expressed their views and judgments on the allocation of the state over time.
It is clear from the orders issued that no new construction will be allowed in any area near the rivers without first setting strict rules,” she said. High Court.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngngdoh said, “From the beginning after that incident, our demand is to get a fair trial and to punish those involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheris.
The union also said that it has received information that there are up to 11 transformers in the villages which have been lost.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Monday said that the donation of funds related to the Covid-19 pandemic, which has been misunderstood as missing, is not true. This amount will be released according to the progress of the works allocated.
He said that the government's claim that the state has developed well is just a word to mislead the people because if the state really develops, the youth should get jobs. agriculture should increase, the income of the people should also increase.
He requested that this cooperation between the journalists and the management of the Association will continue in the coming days.
After the programme, the children were enlightened and entered the classroom with smiling faces and happy spirits.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 22: “The protest of the people of Assam living in the border villages to demand the government to strengthen the security forces to prevent the attack by the Assam police will not go anywhere. “There are thousands of people who know the root cause of the failure of the security forces in Meghalaya but they don't reveal the facts. in front of the crowd.
It is also this that has made me a child who has hoped for many things from you as well as my mother.
That is why Jesus said to them through the Samaritan woman – “God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth” (John 4:24).
To protect your family or yourself, you must be self-sacrificing.
If the MP has collected those researches, we request him to publish them so that we can all know.
On the other hand, we have written and demanded this from the government of Mukul Sangma in the past and also from the government of Conrad Sangma now and we will continue to follow up on this.
Earlier, Mangubhai C. Patel, Governor of Madhya Pradesh launched four documents namely (a) ISAC Awards 2022 Compendium, (b) Compendium of SCM Newsletter, (c) Report by UN Habitat: Smart Cities Mission – Localizing Sustainable Development Goals bad (d) ISAC awards 2023 brochure (e-release).
This story is only a lesson, but there is no truth in it.
Jowai, Nailar 31: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held on Friday at Kiang Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
However, the chairman of the UDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has filed his nomination papers with the Secretary Legislative of KHADC today. item.
Speaking to media, the Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society said that the society has been trying to revive this plant since 2018 at Samanong village in West Jaintia Hills District.
“This is a prayer that the priest can pray himself without taking the prayer of the Church.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the signs of the signs have started to appear and from one year to another, the NDA government led by the BJP has started to fulfill the objectives of the KSU. RSS is available.
A total of 16 teams have participated in this tournament.
The Government should therefore not force/compel teachers to be injected with such new invented vaccines but should only give them to those who are willing or unwilling. The state will turn into a state of emergency and democracy will die or disappear under such rulers.
He said that the police have been directed to search for those involved in the incident.
This has been discovered by scientists who have been researching for a long time from abroad and the National Cancer Institute of India.
Mawkyrwat, November 23: Two persons were arrested by the Border Security Force (BSF) of Meghalaya on July 21, 2022 with counterfeit money worth 47,000 tyngka.
The Federation of Ri-War Local Dorbars (FRMLD) on Tuesday said that the shooting death of Bah Ronning Nongkynrih on the night of the 5th of this month near Mawshun was an attack by the Khasi by the BSF. now, shooting is not peace, shooting is war.
Looking at the climate in the countryside, every year there is a plague, there is a disease, there is also a flood that takes the lives of people.
However, he said that if the Government does not take action on this issue, the KSU will not take any action, but will take a strong decision on this issue.
There are toll gates where trucks have to pay only 300 tyngka in the morning while in the evening they have to pay up to 1000 tyngka.
This institution is trying to have faculty available on time and to improve the quality of services to the patients.
The name does not match the work.
“The HNLC on 30th November 2023 has sent a letter to the Central Government to withdraw from the peace talks after the State Government has not accepted the demand of the HNLC. SHILLONGThe Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has expressed her deep sorrow over the statement of the HNLC that it wants to withdraw from the peace talks. and the Government of India including the Government of Meghalaya.
He said that the political parties in Lum Garo have not demanded to suspend the tickets given to foreigners but also demanded that foreigners should not be allowed to vote in the MDC elections. “Has Purno been able to set an example of how the MDCs of GHADC can protect foreigners? Is it the duty of the GHADC to provide for foreigners? If this is the case, then our knowledge of the spirit of the 6th Schedule and its operation needs to be revised.
(However, a few years later, the British Government chose Upper Shillong and the present Cantonment Area for this purpose).
When asked, he said that he wants to contest for the Shillong Parliamentary seat but for the Tura seat, he leaves it to the discretion of the TMC Parliamentary Party Leader, Dr Mukul Sangma. need.
He said that the people of Sohra are in trouble due to the ban on coal mining and he requested the government to expedite the Mining Policy as most of the people of Sohra are dependent on coal mining. , these maw these shyiap.
“The BJP's motto is one country, one language, one law, some say one religion.
Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong also expressed his condolences on the passing away of the former MLA of Laitumkhrah.
To curb the violence among the residents and to maintain peace and order, the District Magistrate has warned and prohibited anyone from gathering more than five persons and carrying weapons throughout Mowkaiaw.
This will make it easier for the UDP to find reasons in the coming days if there is any protest that could lead to the collapse of the government.
In a petition sent to the Prime Minister, the Jirang MLA said that the reason why he has taken action and sent a letter is because all these areas where the government has planned to They are from Jirang Constituency and Marwet Raid in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, Kong Anibahun said, “I want them to implement this project carefully otherwise it will affect everyone, especially now that the rainy season has started.
In fact, the party has already met with the minister in charge of this and urged him to think but it is learned that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has not been able to resign and has ordered to do so. beat.
If you don't know how to steal or cheat, you'll stay away and so on.
There will also be games, competitions in music, where the winners will be awarded cash prizes.
At the same time, the Chief Minister said that the investigation into the alleged murder of Iohbiang Sahkhar, an employee of MTDC, is ongoing.
He said that he had requested for information since 7th June, 2015 but even after three months the office had not responded. On 30th June, he lodged a complaint with the Chief Information Commissioner against the office. SP and upon receiving the complaint on 2nd November, the CIC sought a reply from the SP's office and gave him a copy.
Amlarem Selling Price is T.50.35 per Liter (SK Oil Agency Price, Amlarem Rs.48.35, Transportation Charges Rs.1.00 Per Liter.
The Minister also briefed on the selection of Commander Shangpliang and Nicholas Lemtor Khangkongor to participate in the Cannes Film Festival.
In a letter to the Minister, KSU Laban Circle President Reuben Najiar alleged that the work of the police chiefs in Laban and the department as a whole is biased especially in relation to the indigenous people. The Khasi people are the most vulnerable to persecution.
In my opinion, this explanation of this Pastor is untimely and inappropriate in such a time of shock, fear and anxiety among the people of the country.
With the permission of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, these youths also held a march in front of the statue of Kiang Nagbah at Malki. their struggle.
Recalling the goals of Mahatma Gandhi, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha said that when every village is Aatmanirbhara, the whole of India will be Aatmanirbhara.
The JHADC has not invited any advertisement on this contractual basis.
Besides affecting many sources of water in the Ravi River, it has also threatened security in the country, he said.
They don't care much about the development of the people and corruption is increasing.
Marak said that this visit shows the importance of cooperation.
Suicide bombers, rockets, 12 vehicles and bombs were provided in the raid, which killed 120 guards at these prisons in Iraq in the Taji area, east of Baghdad. and also at Abu Ghraib, a prison in Baghdad.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Dr WR Kharlukhi has expressed his regret over the increasing number of district councils in the state.
Disparsing said the implementation of the roster system is due to the fact that the Meghalaya High Court has issued a directive to the state government after the case of ZR Marak was filed. Speaking to reporters, Disparsing said that according to the RTI, he has received information from the Personnel Department. The State Government has decided to implement the Roster System in the appointment of Head Offices such as Chief Engineer and Directorates since
In another field we plant these two kinds of riewhadem; in one line we put 'A', in another line we put 'B', and so on.
SHILLONG: The men's and women's athletics team of the state, although they have not been able to win their own medals, but the good news from this team is that Many of them have broken their own records at the 3rd Khelo India Youth Games which was held in Guwahati.
With this victory, Laitkor SC will be ready to face Mylliem, who beat Sohiong SC in the first semifinal yesterday. from 2-1.
In this country of ours, when we look at the light of the West, sometimes we feel that we are well off, we have good income, only when our income increases, we feel that it has fine.
The committee is scheduled to meet on 30th March 2019 at 11.30 am at Room No. 62, First Floor, Parliament House, New Delhi.
In the post of Organizing Secretary, there are three candidates including Brightstar Sohtun, Leningrad Tariang and Kindly Khyriem.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD department in the state government, said that no information has been received on the opposition of the civil society to the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road.
The Assam Human Rights Commission has filed a suit against the case and ordered a magistrate's inquiry.
“According to the statement of the state government, there is no illegal coal trade in the state and if there is no illegal coal trade in the state, why are there check gates around the highways? The police are on the roads and it is not the duty of the police to maintain the roads because it is the duty of the Highway Authority of India to maintain the roads”.
I stand here with a sense of relief because we are in a hopeful party.
“We support the demands of the students and strongly condemn the excessive behavior of the police,” said the president of KJDSTA after the opening of the Zonal Meeting of KJDSTA today.
Alan S. Marbaniang won the gold medal in Arm Wrestling at the Police Championships held at Madhuban, Haryana. All Police in India were involved.
In short, it has helped us to understand the right to equality of opportunity.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : U Inspector of Customs and Central Excise, Alok Kumar, who was bombed and tied by robbers on 24th November 2022 near the Civil Hospital, has been admitted to the hospital. ICU at Guwahati Neurological Research Center (GNRC).
Arunachal Pradesh-East: Shri Daniel Gao.
The Chairman shall not be responsible for the Company's profits or losses.
Therefore, the appointment of the Secretary to the Shella Dorbar does not fall under the jurisdiction of the KHADC as the Secretary has not been appointed by the Council.
There are 12 cases, including five cases from East Khasi Hills, one case from Ribhoi District, six cases from West Garo Hills and two cases from East Khasi Hills.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) of Meghalaya today decided to support the opponents of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 (CAB) in the state. Meghalaya.
In the 40+ Men's Doubles, Damehi Kyndiah and Marbiangki Bareh won 21/13, Rimilan Passah and Jlan Kupar Roy Rymbai won 21/1
Fortunately, there are Seng Bhalangs across the country who carry on their shoulders the problems of the country.
Conrad said that today's meeting will also be a milestone towards the full border settlement between the two neighboring states.
Rumors of their deaths spread after images showing their bodies circulated on social media after an Internet blockade was lifted after four months of ban an.
He urged the people that if they want to get a strong government or EC, they need to win only one party to rule alone.
Thus, until now, it has not been completed.
Therefore, Chandra will have to be tried on 14th November and it is not understood that he will have to stay in jail anyway as there have been no incidents and bad signs within the police station. the city in connection with another incident in his home in the past.
On reports that Dr Mukul Sangma and Bah VH Pala may join the BJP, he said, “The goal of the BJP is to strengthen the party and it is the duty of the party members to explain to the BJP. “If Bah Pala and Dr Mukul Sangma come, we will welcome them,” he said.
They were arrested from a Night Super bus heading from Silchar to Guwahati during a collision.
The Union has demanded that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately stop the collection of revenue by KAAC and to immediately stop the implementation of schemes in the Khasi villages by the Assam Government. Assam Police from Umru and Umlaper villages and to immediately stop the signboard of Assam which reads, “Welcome to Karbi Anglong District.
A 54-year-old pharmacist has been shot dead in Amravati, Maharashtra, for posting on social media in support of expelled party leader Nupur Sharma. Umesh Prahladrao Kolhe was shot dead on July 21, 2022, before the two men cut off the beard of Kanhaiya Lal, a farmer in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
“It is not easy to move from one party to another, your joining has a root cause and it is because you see far ahead the situation in the state and that the UDP party is a riew lum party. “I hope that the people will give their trust and support in the upcoming elections,” said Bah Metbah, adding that the merger of these three leaders will strengthen and empower the party in Ri- Flood District.
Ardent Basaiawmoit, Leader of the VPP, appealed to those who attended the meeting, which was held at Laitkor; Many men and women, who came to the meeting, who deposited money, in a blue box, which is located in the this is the meeting place.
The race will start at 7 pm from the office of the DC Khliehriat, at the memorial to the hero of the country U Woh Kiang Nangbah.
At the same time, it also helps them to secure assistance if they lose their assets, become homeless, lose their necessary documents and others through the law.
At the same time, Syiem alleged that the state government leaders do not understand the purpose of saving the border residents of Bangladesh by opening export points, border hats and others. He said that the state government has not been able to discuss the issue with the Bangladesh government.
What will Satan do when he falls to the ground? for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time" (Revelation 12:12).
Process U MDC and Congress MLA from Mawlai Process T Sawkmie admitted that the reason for supporting the PDA in the KHADC is the long on issues affecting the nation that need to be worked together to reap the fruits.
Shillong, July 28: A group of SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) will write to the government because they have not received their salaries for six months, said Last Marngar President of the union.
We will have to wait for the decision of the Supreme Court on this issue.
Khliehriat, Nailur 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) on Tuesday expressed its strong opposition to the application of The meeting was attended by several village leaders, members of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District and the KSU. Narpuh Circle and the meeting was conducted by the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah G.Warjri, MCS. The ADC said that he will send or inform the NHAI and the higher authorities.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has recently been urged by Christian leaders to protest against the installation of Ganesha at NIT Campus Shillong which has created a spirit of violence in the society.
This has eased the traffic jam and brought back the traffic jam which lasted for hours.
“During the election season, remember don't follow others but judge for yourself,” he urged.
Among them are Silverine Swer and EN Shullai who received the Padmashree Award; Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh, the first woman Minister in the Assam Government; The first Member of Parliament to be elected was Rose Milian Bathew Kharbuli, who was also the Chairperson of the UPSC among others.
Meghalaya is a small state, it is easy to travel from other districts to Shillong, which is the largest employment center in the state except Garo Hills. the metro, or the train, the plane as elsewhere, is not far away especially in this day and age.
Charles Pyngrope said that as the President of the AITC in the state, he will start strengthening the AITC in his own constituency in Nongthymmai Constituency and from there he will travel around the state to create He said that there are some blocks which do not exist but will have to be transferred from the Congress to the AITC in the coming days.
The bus was carrying the Catholics from Laitkor Parish who intended to take part in the Procession of Mary at Umsohlait Parish today.
Police who came with two gypsies and a Sumo parked their vehicles near the residence of Bah Kharbani and the police went down on foot and searched around the house of Bah Kharbani because it is in the area. which is still more wild.
The Government should not take stingy on this demand which has been supported by the people of Khasi Jaintia.
The decision to appoint Justice Ranjti More as a Judge of the Supreme Court of Meghalaya was taken on 12th June 2020 by the Supreme Court Collegium.
Bashemlad Ryntathiang scored for Nongrang.
On this occasion, the Seng had a meeting with the teachers and management of the school and according to the inspection, the Seng found that the classroom of the school has been destroyed by tin taps and The school's supporters have collapsed and this has put a lot of danger to the students inside the school because if it rains heavily, the teachers have to send the students out of the school. There is no toilet for the students of this school, and the school grounds are narrow where the students have to stand in assembly inside the classroom. The classes at this school are only from Nursery to Class
Shillong, November 2: A family in Mawkhli village has been allegedly evicted by the village authorities for planning to remove her from her day job as an Aganwadi worker in Mawkhli village. in the constituency of Mawthadraishan.
He said that they will continue to detain foreigners and urged the village leaders not to issue permits or NOCs to foreigners in any kind of work that is still available to the indigenous people.
For the time being, more medicines should be allocated for the Sub-Centre,” said Bah Francis Sohshang President of Kyrshai.
Pointing out the mistake of the previous Governments who said that the lack of economic growth is due to the fact that the North East does not have coastal areas or water bodies, the Modi Government is still working. to unlock the opportunities available in local watersheds.
In fact, former IAS officers including Bah Toki Blah and members of the HLC have suggested to implement the ID card,” said Bah Bindo.
Santhosh scored five wickets for 18 runs while Abhishek scored five wickets for 52 runs. Tohuka (17) and Afzal (32) were the top scorers for Nagaland. When Tohuka failed to catch the ball from Badon Mylliemngap, the following batsmen of Nagaland struck one after another.
The protest was held at the same place where Bah Nongrum and Goldy Warjri had been on hunger strike indefinitely.
He said that the state has also conducted genomic surveillance at the Pasteur Institute on a regular basis to detect any new cases.
Kermi Sungoh scored the first goal for Mynso in the 62nd minute and Rimi Pyrtuh scored the third goal for Risingsun in the 73rd minute.
“We will soon issue a notice to all the Sordars, Syiems and Rangbah Shnongs that they cannot act as per the order of the Supreme Court until another final order is issued,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
That is why the Indian government can still ban the mining of minerals such as coal, oil and others.
This is different from the steps that come naturally in old age and the shock at unexpected hours that people with depression experience.
Nine of his guards were also arrested.
“We have also received the funds for the construction of the Mini Secretariat.
The total number of deaths from covid-19 has risen to 1,5
Rahul also promised to forgive the farmers, saying he would not listen to any speeches of the experts and said, “When the rich don't pay the loans to the government, Non Performing Assets (NPA) and they can walk and stand as they please, but when a farmer cannot pay the loan of T.5,000, he is called a non-performing asset and Rahul said.
In order to apply for loans, open bank accounts and others, you need to have a land title and land documents to prove your permanent residence in the area.
Replying to the demands of the HNLC during the peace talks, Bah Blah said this will be clear after the talks with the Government.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Deputy Commissioner (I/C) UDP Sangma, District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, on Tuesday said that regarding the implementation of the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), All coal mine owners/traders/managers in West Khasi Hills are invited to meet the DC on the 25th July 2014 at his office at 11 am.
However, there are certain vegetables that are high in nutrients that need to be included among our diet.
Shanborlang is currently ranked number one among Indian boxers in the Pro Boxing Super Fly Weight category.
If something can be done from the beginning, the problems will be much less later and it will help your children to escape more quickly from the trap of violence.
This was announced by Bah Dondor Marweiñ, Secretary of the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA).
When inquired from the Hima authorities, they said that they cannot control these Dkhars and the Hima said that it has lost a lot of revenue from the parmaws operated by the Assam Khars in the Rani Jirang area.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of the state tomorrow.
They use even the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs to oppress and insult them.
At the time of writing, the names and addresses of the deceased and the injured are still unknown, and police are conducting investigation into the incident.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to abolish the 16 kilometer visa-free movement of citizens on the border between the two countries.
In fact, it has been the decision of the party and therefore we will proceed with this decision to contest the election.
Metbah Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition, said that it is a misleading by some MDCs to the Rangbah Shnongs to mislead the people.
As the saying goes, "A little drop of water fills the sea" has come true, because only because the parents or grandparents don't have time to take care of their children or grandchildren. They have lived a simple life and it has also made them brave enough to commit many evil deeds in the society.
This goal was scored before the end of the match.
State BJP Mahila Morcha President Susuki Pariat, Sikkim BJP Mahila Morcha President Srijana Thapa Chhetri and Nagaland BJP Mahila Morcha President Shanbeni Yanthan held meetings with the ASHAs. Anaganwadis, Self Help Groups and other beneficiaries of Central Government schemes.
As various departments we must work together and find ways how to prevent the spread of drugs,” he said.
Therefore, the SMC together with the Dorbar Shnong invite all the former students to take their time to attend this celebration. please join us today.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor expressed his gratitude to the departments which the Prime Minister has handed over to him.
Hynniewtrep Nationalism is the gospel of the HNLC that we distribute to our fellow citizens.
S.EB) He has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company for a long time along with Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy who was the founder of Suna Pani Power House Shillong since
The cleaning of the vehicles was excessive and the river was filled with diesel and fuel.
It is not easy when there is not enough traffic,” he said.
In fact, as we heard from here and there, the reservation policy – ​​40% for Garo, the leaders of the party – has been strongly opposed by Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh. The APHLC at that time decided that this reservation should be extended only within 15 years to allow the Garo friends who were lagging behind at the time of Meghalaya to grow and develop in terms of economy. However, this Reservation Policy of Meghalaya remains in force and cannot be changed.
Speaking at the meeting, MP Horen Sing Bey said, “I suggest that you discuss with each other to name this place in Karbi.
He said that PMAY, PM Kishan, IHHL, Job Card Holders, Old Age Benefit, Widows Benefit, Persons with Disabilities and other beneficiaries have not received any payment. .
They said that the appointment of Acting Sirdar of Bah Edward Kurbah is not appropriate because the Sun clan has been shut down without consulting the Marbisu Hima.
The conference was held as part of the awareness campaign to the staff of the Adoption Program in the North Eastern States on the procedures related to the adoption of children under the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, also explain to them about the procedures of adoption under the 2015 Act, and also the procedures of adoption through the internet through the Child Adoption Resource Information and Guidance System (CARINGS).
They have been married for more than a year now.
The BJP MDC declined to comment on the remarks of the Laitumkhrah MLA on his departure from the Congress party.
Mannan Surana tied 84 runs off 44 balls and Nitik Singhania 19 runs off 16 balls.
Earlier, on 30th March, the Meghalaya High Court had directed the state government and the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to complete the investigation into the incident. The Government has not been able to respond to the reason for this problem.
Nongpoh: The RBYF Kyrdemkulai Circle, has demanded that the contractor who has constructed the road from Umsning to Zero Point, should complete the 2 km section, which has been delayed for a long time. which has caused problems to the people living in the area.
Umiam Lake is also known as Barapani although the real name of the Khasi is Umiam. Of course, the Sengbhalang has deleted the word Barapani but I know that on google map it is known as Barapani. If you really care about that, let's delete the word barapani and replace it with Umiam even on google, maps and not just on boards.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Eight Scheduled Sub Committee (SBC) has requested an extension of three months from the government to complete the requirements regarding the preparation of the memorandum to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the state. the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
He said that at PHC Pongtung there is only one doctor and even one ambulance which has created a big problem for the residents of this area.
Therefore, the three parties expressed their deep anger at the dew thala census of Assam against the residents of the state.
He said that the CS has said that he will seek clarification from MUDA on this issue and that talks between MeECL and MUDA are ongoing on this issue. task.
He said that police have also arrested gold smugglers in the state and seized 1200 grams of gold biscuits worth 27 lakh tyngka.
Shillong: The Director of DHS (MI) Dr.A War today said that 18 persons from the same household have eaten a strong wild tit known as 'Death Cap' in English it is called 'Amanita Phalloides'
Nongpoh: The 6th Convocation-2020 of the University of Meghalaya (USTM) today held a ceremony to honor those students who have completed many courses. The University of Baridua has also awarded the degree of Doctor of Letters (Hon.D.Litt.) to Patricia Mukhim.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya, through Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, Education Department, today issued an order that all classes should be conducted online and without charging any fee.
Ajima Sangma finished in the 50th position with nine wickets while Dutta is in the top 100 with nine wickets.
The spacecraft entered Earth's atmosphere at 8.15 pm Beijing time, but most of its body was completely destroyed, China Manned Space said. Engineering Office.
On the other hand, the arseng requested the MLA to bring more doctors to the PHCs as well so that it will reduce the number of people in the CHCs. The Government is ready to bring in more graduated doctors as the state is still short of doctors and will continue to improve the number of chowkidars, dressers and drivers at CHC Pynursla. He also confirmed that after the end of covid 19, an ambulance will be brought for Pynursla HC.
The farmers' market will be held soon in Samasi, Saipung, Lawai, Mawphlang, Mawjrong, Laitkroh, Jatah, Mawkynrew and Jongksha. , Lawmei, Thadlaskein, Nongkhrah, Umling, Nonglwai, Nongstoin, Pyndenlyngdoh, Mawkyrwat and others.
When we love we give and when we give we love, he said our love for God in secret should be shown through our love and helping others in public and we have a goal. “Children, poor families and people with disabilities are the field of work of the We Hope Foundation and it is through the collaboration with the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) that we have chosen to donate to this cause. poor family in Diengsyiang village.
The Shillong Gymkhana Race Course has been severely affected and the market has been closed down. The race course has disappeared completely during the middle years of the Assam government.
Other issues sent by Gokhale, through the letter, were that many of the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) have given inconsistent reasons to avoid discussing the issues that the government has. has misled the people of Meghalaya.
You are the spirit of the Jaitbynriew.
Khliehriat, October 21: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement, announced the release of the NFSA Ration for the month of October, 2023 in East Jaintia Hills District.
It's better not to open it yet. Open it Seh Wang Wang, close the doors.
As is well known, any news (picture or text) uploaded on the internet through Facebook or Whatsap can be viewed and read by the whole world in an instant.
Other parties are ready to cooperate with anyone but only the Congress and the BJP are really holding the ground because they don't want to cooperate.
Have we completely ignored corrupt leaders, corruption and the decline in economic growth, or perhaps we have focused more on small issues.
He said that the company has been repairing the bridge for more than six months but has left it without completing the cleaning.
He was honored with a ryndia tlem, gifts and a cash prize.
The office of the District Medical and Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Monday celebrated the World Mental Health Day at the Dorbar Hall of Mynthong Village.
The KSU has sought clarification from the MPSC on why Bangladeshis should be registered.
The BJP is trying to take advantage of the political situation to win votes during the elections.
On Saturday, the village came out to stop the construction of the road after the PWD department failed to accept the demand of the village to build 12 meters of the road.
“As soon as I landed at the airport in Russia, I was asked my name.
Shillong, November 1: Police have informed the public that a fake company known as NACS Ltd has been arrested in Udham Singh Nagar, Dehradun, Uttarakhand. the company announced up to 7000 vacancies and advertised through its websites '.
Tell me otherwise, I'll report to the Principal,” said Miss Flora.
Rangdajied's style of play is that they have decided not to throw the ball too far forward, but to try to turn the ball forward by passing the ball between the defenders, goalkeeper and midfield.
It is impossible to allocate jobs without a Roster System because it must be ensured that all the groups included in the Reservation Policy participate in the work of the government.
This is not the country.
On the same day, the Chief Minister also visited the Kyrdemkhla Integrated Village Society (IVCS) in Upper Shillong, where he had a meeting with the farmers who have tried this method of farming. new where the yield of potatoes is more.
The meeting was held in a peaceful atmosphere, but it was seen that the police including male and female policemen and CRPF personnel were guarding other parts of Shillong. There will be about 400 policemen around Madan Malki, not counting other parts of the city, which could reach thousands.
He said that they will receive recognition through PM Vishwakarma certificate and ID card, further training, benefits of T.15,000, financial support of up to T.1 lakh in the first phase and T.2 lakh in the second phase. and a low interest rate of 5%, benefiting from digital payments and assisting with marketing materials.
On the other hand, KSU JHDU President Samla Ohibait Dkhar said that the KSU will continue to fight for the sake of the people and will continue to fight for the sake of the people. COVID 19 cases in Jaintia Hills.
The total number of cases in India has now reached 2.22 crore.
Speaking on the need to amend the 6th Schedule, Bindo recalled that in 2000, all the Autonomous District Councils in the North East had held a two-day meeting with the Ministry of Home Affairs. They also sent a proposal in which they agreed on the amendments to the 6th Schedule, and they went to Delhi in agreement with the state government.
“Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God”.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 77,057 with 2,441 new cases reported today.
“Even Bah Bull N.Lyngdoh, the great leader of the KSU during his lifetime, the people don't respect or appreciate the work he has done for the people, but many people despise him. “But when he passed away, everyone remembered him and laid flowers to him,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
In another development, the State Police Department, which had earlier announced, that it will distribute application forms for various posts, from 30th October 2016 and no longer, as it had announced earlier, on October 15, 2016.
US troops have launched an offensive against ISIS militants in the eastern United States.
It is to be recalled that the College is in dire need because it has not yet received any assistance, but it has been supported by the dedication of the teachers, the presence of volunteers and The support of those who want to develop the Ri-War Pynursla area.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, Bah John Makri, the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, Bah John Makri, said that the HYC is deeply saddened by this increasing power outage. The residents especially the government's power outage from 5 pm to 9 pm has affected the residents at this time when the residents are still in dire need of electricity.
If it is based on luck, it is like a destruction of the mind.
“We urge the people in power who have taken an oath to serve and protect the citizens of the country to immediately put an end to such hate crimes in the state and nationwide, " he said in a statement.
Assisted by Anthony Thabah and produced by Eibanroi Langstieh.
Lazio Dkhar scored three goals for Wapung Block in the 10th and 46th minutes and Khrobormi Sutnga in the 10th minute.
She said that the union will continue to support the KHADC's revocation of licenses for foreign shops so that new shops will not appear.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Runningstar Kharbani, President of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, a short speech was delivered by Bah James Kharbani, Chief Adviser of FKJGP Sawsymper Circle. examination and welcome speech by the conductor.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged the youth of the North Eastern Region not to look beyond the Reservation Policy but to be strong and have the spirit of competition in competing with the best young people in the world.
In the second half, Odisha's Jitendra Kumar Birua scored the first goal in the 77th minute.
Mahua Moitra, Member of Parliament from Krishnanagar, Nadia District, West Bengal today visited Mawkyrwat Constituency to support and support the party. Sounder Strong Cajee, the candidate of the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party (AMTC) for the 2023 MLA election.
Mawkyrwat, June 26: The Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) has resumed the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Divisions Football Tournament 2022 at the Kyrphei Village Ground, East Khasi Hills. Pyndenumbri SC beat Nongspung SC 1-0 in the 1st Division of TASA. Badlang Kharsyntiew scored the first goal for Pyndenumbri Sports Club. in the 13th minute of the second half.
This has wasted the time of women, youth especially school children.
Die Tires2 Times.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the arrest in Tura was based on evidence and not due to involvement with any political party.
Up to 410 poor households from Mawsynram constituency have received 3 tins through this scheme and these tins were distributed by BDO RK Marbaniang together with Suly Lyngdoh Chairman of the Block Selection Committee.
The incident happened at 12:00 pm this morning, when the owners of these houses were working in the forest.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: There is a saying, “Long slave in your own country” but in this incident, it has come up with something else and that is “There is no house to live in your own country”. Three elderly men from Khliehriat, who came to Shillong, yesterday, who had to sleep on the road, because the hotels, did not provide them with accommodation.
Speaking to reporters, Shillong Lajong coach Boby L Nongbet expressed his happiness that they have reached the final round of the 2nd Division League.
God said, “In the first month, on the fourth day of the month, you shall keep the Passover, which means the death of the Lord on the cross.
He said that the share of revenue collected from foreign resources should increase from 25% to 35%.
The JHDS said that those who are infected with COVID-19 or those who need oxygen free of charge can call Fr Manbha Pakem Director (M) (M) 8837275908.420 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state and 7 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1227 in the state on Sunday.
These houses are located at Bishop's Fall Mawprem in Block II, which was occupied by 15 families who had to flee due to the collapse of the area.
One party, which likes to claim to be a political party, demands from the MDA-2 Government to build a Petroleum Depot at Umiam, that is, within the area of ​​Indian Oil. and thou shalt sanctify the umphiang.
There was an expectation from the people that the celebration of the first death anniversary of this leader of West Khasi Hills and the state will be a glorious celebration which will commemorate his work in West Khasi Hills especially. eh in the city of Nongstoin.
“If you have to turn off the lights, you should be in order, because for two or three months now, the people have been suffering, especially in our area, many young people are working in various jobs. through electricity, were severely affected.
Sangma said there are two out of 46 processing units in Amlarem.
Kyrmen Dkhar 17' and Amos Phawa 42' scored the second goal for Pynthorsale SC.
Speaking on the occasion, BDO Thadlaskeiñ C&RD, MCS, Baiantimon Blah (MCS) who was the chief guest, recalled that this day was celebrated on 5th June
The message I have to give you readers here is, “Thousands of people followed Jesus, but only one wanted to repent”.
But even if they speak English in America, or South Africa, or Australia, or England, they can give their own names.
“Earlier, the party was not willing to stand up because it was still weak but now it is strong and it is time for it to stand up,” said BJP President Lyngdoh.
In 2013, three newspapers and one news channel were shut down including Sakaal Bela, a Bengali newspaper, Seven Sisters' Post, an English newspaper and Dainik Pratibimba. However, the employees of these newspapers have not received any salary, as well as the employees of Prime News channel have protested to demand for three months salary.
To date, Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited has about 450 employees including 300 permanent employees and 150 casual employees.
It is understood that the NEP 2020 will introduce new subjects including vocational courses, therefore, new classrooms are needed, and new teachers are needed in addition to those who have already learned to teach. These are the subjects that are newly emerging, therefore these two subjects should be thoroughly prepared before the implementation of the NEP
“The first meeting of these two councils will be held soon,” said the CEM of KHADC. Dehradun, July 21: Forty bodies have been recovered from parts of Haridwar, where the death toll from the floods has now reached 550 people. The 9,000 people stranded in Kedarnath and Badrinath are still being transported by 40 helicopters.
This is to inform you that James Niangti, wife of Kong New Rose Syih, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on the 19th of June
The schemes include construction of roads, footpaths, drains, water supply schemes, construction of dorbar halls, children's parks, parking lots, lighting and others.
The 4th Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy or Third Division Football League (WJDSA) is open to all players. Clubs have been urged to pay the fees. before January 10th.
It was also confirmed that during the tenure of Prasad as Minister and in charge of the Railway Department from 2004-09, there were about 12 illegal applicants who were allowed to work. This is in violation of the rules laid down by the Indian Railways for Recruitment.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Conrad said that although Meghalaya is a small state, there are about 6000 villages and it is very difficult for the government to deliver development works to all the villages.
The Tymmen u San of the Seng Khasi under the leadership of Rgh.Skor Jala has taken over this task.
Shillong: Hundreds of family members and friends have gathered at Meghalaya House in Guwahati to welcome the four medal winners of the Meghalaya Jeet Kune-Do Association (MJKA). gold medal in the 1st World Jeet Kune-Do Championship held from 12th to 18th October, 2018 at the National Stadium, Bangkok.
On the other hand, the Vietnamese leaders also expressed their satisfaction with the United States' intention to reopen friendly relations to work together tomorrow.
Kyntu Laloo scored 45 runs off 21 balls while Bichar Lamare and Heimonlang Lyngdoh of Moodymmai took four wickets each.
Many people become stupid and become animals by believing that they will become teams every day.
She said that some people criticized her when she went to support Bah Osborne, but she said that others can fight with money, but she trusts in God.
With this victory, Meghalaya is now in the top of Group B with seven points.
This year's goal is to fight against all types of plastic, especially plastic bags.
Jowai, 22 Jowai: Truck drivers, along with truck drivers, have strongly opposed the restriction of two Enforcement Inspectors on the checkpoint of Amsyrin, Sohkha.
Some of the objectives expressed by the VPP are to bring peace on the border and to improve income, to have adequate, stable and stable leadership, to bring about governance. a clean people and to strengthen the authority of the land owners as it has been granted in the past.
Without the cooperation of parents, teachers and school authorities, the greatest loss will be to the children.
Balambok Rynjah and Ignatius Loyola Rajee failed to reach the goal of victory.
Referring to the failure of KHNAM to nominate a candidate in the last MLA election, Passah said that some people had come to apply for tickets from the party, six months before the election, but due to shortcomings. Regarding the rise of the new Voice of the People Party (VPP), the party has decided to postpone and prepare for the MDC elections. of KHNAM said that the rise of the party is not for any reason, but for one reason and that is that the people themselves want change.
Referring to the reservation policy, Adelbert said that for 50 years, the time has come to change it, although there are those who say that this issue is more serious. .
He said that the contractors are also in debt because the government has not released their bills.
Shillong, July 27: The Additional Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah P Barkos Oflyn Warjri, has been appointed as the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, after WMS Pariat resigned on July u six months earlier.
“I will talk to the prime minister to help this school to grow,” she said.
Sohtun also directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi Arpit Upadhyay and Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa to inspect Hawla village after as an MLA on Saturday he visited Hawla village. Assam has banned the implementation of the project of the Water Resource Department.
In Mawmaram, the Congress has been able to win because the candidate is from that constituency.
The 2018 ally of the HSPDP, the UDP, yesterday came to Shillong to listen to the election campaign of the Congress candidate Meira Kumar and tomorrow the UDP will also come to listen to the election campaign. NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind in Umiam.
These departments are AYUSH and Non Communicable Diseases (NCDs).
“We strongly oppose the smuggling of coke in the village, because in the past we didn't get any diseases, it is easy to think of the government's proposal to protect the people from the disease. be healthy.
The meeting was held at the Chenagre Stadium, which was recently inaugurated and is the stadium that Purno Sangma has wanted to build since he was the Chief Minister.
Clause 4 sub-clause (24) (i) – Fee for Beneficiaries who wish to Correct or Duplicate Ration Card – Rs.10/- (Shiphew Tyngka).
John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSOA Podium Finish Committee, in a meeting with the media, requested and informed the athletes who have been selected for the Talent. Identification or program has been completed to invite talented children in the state to come to the office of the District Sports Officer East Khasi Hills District and the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
When asked whether there will be any talks between the BJP leaders and the Chief Minister of Assam during the visit, Kharsati said, “There will be no talks. “It's not like we're going to be able to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new Chief Minister of Assam,” he said.
He said that there are still changes to be made, including the need for a Directorate of Forensics to strengthen the capacity of the police.
It is not only our party that is doing this but other parties are also doing this,” he said.
He said that five MDCs have gone to meet Dr Mukul Sangma, and four of them are Congress MDCs.
About 500 people, landowners and elders, attended the meeting.
In the first Tyrko competition, Mahima Sinha of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, second L. Rebeca Lhungdim of St. Edmunds College and third Jethro J. Roy Jyrwa of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
To entertain the participants, the RBYF leaders have decided to hold a kiteglieng competition today, from 11 am to 6 pm, after There will be a program of performances by the Shillong Whitewater Village (International) and a performance by DJs.
Jowai, July 26: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit under the leadership of Damonmi Dkhar, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Madonbai Rymbai on Tuesday, 25.6.13, on the illegal appointment of one of the employees of the office.
The UCC aims to promote all those related to marriage, divorce, inheritance and orderly inheritance throughout the country.
On the other hand, Bah S Lyttan, Police Officer in charge of Infiltration Department, Byrnihat, said that the infiltration of these foreigners into the state through two buses is just a lie. They didn't go to Silchar but they didn't know that these foreigners had a plan to go abroad, even after they found out that they didn't have proper documents.
If the gods are written and if the Congress leaders in the state do not come to peace and unity, the opportunity will come to the NPP and the NPP will rise not only in Garo Hills but in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Responsible d.
He said that next year there will be a General Council of the party and in that Council if new leaders come in these districts it will be just a handshake to elect. The president is Mr. Ardent.
The 13 organizations include the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Federation of The FKJGP, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and others will meet with the government to discuss the ILP. “We have found that the government is not able to protect against the infiltration of mynder,” said HNYF General Secretary Bah Sadon K Blah after the meeting.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Sniaw said that in fact, he as the Minister of PWD does not need to visit the road as it has been handed over to the National Highway Authority. India, NHAI has agreed to construct this road from 10th July 2014 and has promised to start work immediately but till today no sign has been seen. Sniawbhalang went downstairs.
European leaders on Saturday called for an end to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which they said was an injustice. that In Europe.
Arwan Rymbai scored the goals for Sailung Ialong 4-1 in the 16th minute, Bachan Pale in the 50th & 69th minutes and Casper. It lasted 90+4 minutes.
The BJP and its allies, the NPP and others...it is a 'marriage of benefit'," Pala told reporters at AICC HQ, New Delhi on Lah. Sunday.
Rida understood that her and her mother's thoughts about what had happened had come to an end.
On the setting up of the BOP at Mukroh, Bah Nujorki said the decision of the state government to set up the Border Outpost (BOP) at Barato and Mukroh will surely help the residents to provide peace.
I also appeal to the youth of our country who will be the leaders of the future around our state, and abroad to unite together to forget all the differences, and to take a wise and thoughtful decision.
The Joint Action Committee of the Hima Sohiong, after receiving a complaint from Nongwah-Mawtamur village on Monday, visited the scene to investigate.
“There is no point in opposing KHUDA while we are still within KHUDA, we stand firm in the promise we have made, but if the promise does not come true, it is better to withdraw our support because we will “We are free to speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew and if we are in the EC we will be imprisoned,” said Bah Nongsiej.
We also demand that the contractor should complete the construction of this road as the work order has been issued,” he said.
Sawa Phira scored hat-tricks in the 22nd, 30th and 35th minutes, Lewa Sumer in the 45th and Lammiki Kynjing in the 49th minute.
He said that at present, the people who come to collect their bill from the collection department, have to stand in line every day and if it is on busy days, they have to ap all day.
In the Shillong Zone (Group-A) match, Umrit beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 3-1 at the Third Ground, Polo.
But I don't know why.
Earlier, the KHADC had announced that Laitkroh should be abolished for the creation of Umsning constituency.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon said that as the party we hope to win this MP election because we have seen clearly the support of the people for the VPP in any village where the party has gone to explain. public.
The areas inhabited by the Kharmetor such as the Metor area and the Goraline are places where from time to time Khasi youths, men and women, have been harassed and assaulted by the Kharmetor.
Many of the people who were present at that time started to help the unidentified man, when Beholden brought the sharud of the pond and the people helped to draw the water from the well until and the man escaped from the drowning.
“Kristoffer Olsson suffered a brain injury and this may have been caused by a collision during the game which could have put him in danger.
In 2018, he lost to the HSPDP candidate Samlin Malngiang by 622 votes, HDR Lyngdoh with 11,338 votes and Malngiang with 11,960 votes.
It is now over Rs 125 crore.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony, KSU President Banjop Maring said that when we joined as full members, we did not gain for ourselves but to serve the country and the nation. , but as the youth, they should be determined to provide the best service especially to the border area of ​​Block II where there is a border dispute to ensure that the Khasi people living in this area live in peace.
There are 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills.
In the first innings between Sawmer and Inningstar XI, Sawmer won the toss and elected to tied first. in 20overs, 9 were bowled.
However, the protesters explained that they have continued to work as Officers of Special Duty (OSD) in the railways, but they said that these are just rumors about the proposal to end the strike. .
Regarding the allegation that he threatened to rape the woman, Nicholas Marak said he was shocked when he saw it in the media, because in fact he had never met the woman. Longkmie in the past few months and who was surprised how she dared to make such an accusation, because he had not met face to face with the Longkmie.
The first semi final qualifier will be played between Sutnga SSCC and Rymbai Shkenshynriah on the 9th of this month at 1 pm.
 Jesus is standing at the door of your heart, knocking; if you open, he enters (Rev.3:20).
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has informed the public and warned them not to go near the Umïam River during these days especially those villages affected by the flooding. The residents of the Umïam Dam should be careful to avoid any tragic incident or not to go near the electricity posts in case of power outage if the water is released from the Umïam Dam, said the statement. the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi.
Coal smuggling is still rampant in East Jaintia Hills and trucks continue to smuggle coal around especially to cement plants without permits and transits challans.
Niponghi Sumer scored the third goal in the 69th minute, one own goal in the 83rd minute and Sucrip Manar in the 85th minute.
Furthermore, there were also several office bearers of the party, who expressed their strong opposition to the decision of the EC and said that they cannot accept the decision. Many of the members of the EC have not received any information about the meeting and said that a new election should be held at the meeting.
The arrest of people by suspicion is like catching fish without prior notice and this is a ploy and a violence of the police.
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes said that the ultrasound machine will be a great blessing to the hospital as it will help in the early detection of any disease, especially the treatment of poor women. to protect the dead.
On the other hand, the Delimitation Committee may submit its report to the KHADC before 13th November.
“From the milk we have paid taxes to the state government, while they have not done anything and paid back to us, we don't even have a proper health centre,” he said.
“Yes, I heard that they told us about that day when we were working,” said the para. It depends on the person whether he is small or rich or religious," said Peter and went away. "That's right," Banisha agreed. .
Imphal: Police in Manipur have seized about 40 lakh WY (World is Yours) tables worth Rs 400 crore.
This will ensure that the people living in Shillong and tourists or anyone who comes to Meghalaya will be happy and can eat anywhere they want,” he said.
Nongpoh: The children and family members of Kong Skilda Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), who passed away on the 23rd and was buried on the 25th, have expressed their deep sorrow over the death of Kong Skilda Lyngdoh. Umran Dairy Village has not announced or informed the public about the death of the Longkmie.
Therefore, you young men, have you received permission from the political parties to demand ILP from the government? If you haven't received permission, listen carefully, lest you be locked outside, while your brother-in-law, brother-in-law, brother-in-law sleeps inside the house.
With 13 points, Mawlai SC has secured a place in the Top 4 of the round robin stage and also to qualify for the semi final of the tournament.
Nongpoh: Despite intensive searches, the Ri Bhoi Police have not yet arrested Shahjahan Ali, a robber who is suspected of killing his wife in Nongthymmai Byrnihat.
Shillong, July 2: Sub Inspector Narul Islam, Superintendent of Police, Ampati Police Station, on Saturday, was arrested and suspended on charges of raping two women. A young girl has escaped from the jail in Tura this morning.
Indeed, there are those who eat or drink and who cause trouble here and there.
The Seng wishes this child to continue to grow and develop, with the care of those who will take care of him.
After 60 years, Nagaland has once again had women leaders.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAM, West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday held another program in connection with the Janbhagidari Events and Activities including Bicycle Rally, Story Telling and Exhibition. on Teaching Learning Material.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said that the government can employ them or invite them to join the ruling party.
When he did not return, there was a suspicion that he had been abducted and the driver informed the police, who have been searching for the driver, but so far, they have not found anything.
We must understand that the army has come to this state for a while.
The rise in the water level in the pond was witnessed on July 22, 2023 after U Nongsaiñ Hima visited the pond and found that it had risen to 21 feet.
He said the implementation of these 91 FM transmitters by All India Radio is a gift to 85 districts and 2 crore people of the country.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has said that if the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) fails to respond to the demand of the KHADC to remove the existence of two authorities within the Langrin Hima, The party cannot take other measures to respond to them.
The vision of the village leaders will benefit all the people and make the village a beautiful and free from congestion.
Shillong, June 10: The Parumkhen Youth Welfare Organization (PYWO) has held a training on youth development on the 5th of this month at Nongkharai Community Hall from 10 am to 4 pm.
Peerless FC goalkeeper Satyabrata Manna scored the goal of the match.
This research can teach women to talk about these diseases even in private and to be courageous.
Speaking on the opening day of the State Legislative Assembly, the Governor said that the Act is for the protection of cows and those who violate the Act will be punished.
The house was inaugurated by Saphai MDC Ma Habahun Dkhar as the chief guest in the presence of MDC Barato Mukroh on the 19th of this month. of Seinraij Peaceful Dkhar.
Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor, who is angry that as the leader of the area, he has seen with his own eyes such a disaster in the river, in an interview with Rupang. Witting said he saw the incident in the morning while he was walking through the bridge.
Shillong, November 17: The All MeSEB Employees Staff Union (ASTU) on Thursday celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee since the establishment of the union.
Shillong, March 05 : Eighteen MDCs from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have prepared themselves to contest the MLA elections to be held in June-October next year. .
He said that the residents of Nongtalang Mission have complained about the pollution of the water after the heavy rainfall on the 29th of June.
The CA has also announced that it will increase the Women's National Contract list from 15 to 18 by paying a 25% salary increase to these 18 players.
According to the Meteorological Department, Mocha is expected to hit the border areas of Bangladesh and Myanmar on Sunday.
Making alphanumeric literacy a national goal;vi.
Speaking to media, Shanborlang Marbaiang said that he hopes to win the title in Arunachal Pradesh and also in the tournament in Delhi.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, on Saturday distributed tin sopiing to 223 poor households in Umlaper and Umsiang areas. the village of Umsiang.
Hindu Bhasha (National Language) or the desire to recognize Hindu as the national language or the recognition of Hindi as the national language of India as a whole is the same goal. The language is part of the Hindu Rashtra.
Other reports say that 27.7 million Americans have already voted by email or in person, according to the US Elections Project. of the University of Florida.
Wankitbok said that PM Modi recently gathered the Christian leaders of the country on the occasion of Christmas and in his speech, the PM said that Christmas is not only a celebration for the people. Christian but it belongs to all Indians, he said, adding that he had close ties with religious organizations during his tenure as Chief Minister of Gujarat and during his last visit to Rome in Pope Francis has invited the Pope to visit India as the Guest of Honor.
However, we don't remember to look at one of the leading employment opportunities for the youth and we can say that it is still vacant especially in this Khasi Jaintia country, that is sports.
This song is taken from the Book of Judith 15:9 and is a song about the Jewish heroine Judith.
He said the pandemic has put pressure on even the richest countries.
MCL&TA requests that if there are any political parties who are willing to help, please come and help.
After the arrest of these foreigners and the truck, the KSU together with the Samla Shnong Wahthapbru has handed over to the law enforcement authorities for punishment according to the rules of law. The government has imposed a night curfew, and especially the threat posed by these people to the residents in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic as they are from outside the State. Meghalaya.
In the continuation of the raid, the KHADC police today also raided the building owned by Deoris Marbaniang, wife of Paul Leong who is still in Iewduh. The raid on the illegal shops inside the Nichols Roy Building went smoothly without anyone coming. disturb.
These trees can be planted in about two places.
At the swearing-in ceremony, Samla Jerimaïa Dkhar President HYC Maweit Circle reminded that in the service of the Jaitbynriew we have to face many challenges, but we need to unite and develop each other.
Shillong, July 6: A football match was held today at the Saitsohpen Football Ground, Sohra.
Before announcing the name of Ma Shibun, the three BJP leaders had sent Bah Khlur, who is the Presidential candidate, to propose the name of Ma Shibun. U Bah Khlur replied that he wants that if anyone wants to become President of the party, they have to hold elections according to the constitution of the party. The three BJP leaders had announced that the new President would be Ma Shibun and left immediately without saying a word. more.
The no confidence motion against the Speaker of the House was led by James K Sangma of the NPP with the support of 8 MLAs of the UDP and 4 MLAs of the HSPDP. According to the rules of procedure, the number of MLAs who supported the motion was one-third of the vote.
East Khasi Hills has 57 cases, East Garo Hills 6, Ri Bhoi 9, West Garo Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 2 and North Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills one each.
They also appealed to the residents to have a spirit of love and unity, so that they can lead the village forward in the years to come.
They also demanded that an investigation should be conducted into the attempt to touch women during the raid.
The arrested persons have been charged under the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.
In a statement, the Chairman of the union, Bah Batista Khongphai, recalled that he had requested information through the Information Act from the department in November, 2014 but the officers of the department had ignored his request. He said that the CIC has accepted his complaint and summoned the PIO of MCCL. Regarding the MCCL, he said that according to his information, many people have applied for RTI before him. , including Sengbhalang leaders in Sohra and urged that these RTI applicants should disclose the information they have collected for the benefit of MCCL and urged them not to be deceived or deceived by the RTI applicants. They don't have contracts, they don't buy equipment, they don't spend money because this is like a conspiracy to kill the Sohra area.
Although the UDP has invited all the political parties, many of them did not attend including the Congress, HSPDP, NCP and BJP. the Government shall not pass a law on Rangbah Shnong.
In the afternoon service, Fr.Remiky Niangti, who came as a Resource Person at the meeting of the Union, gave his advice to the women to ask the questions. The Word of God by recalling the mother of Samuel the prophet Hannah, and said that Hannah's godliness, her persistence in prayers, her endurance of persecution made God to give you a son who was one of the greatest prophets in the time of the Old Testament, so the wisdom of a mother to discipline her children is only prayer, so be you. longkmie pray, said the Priest.
So, the numbers and data that we have historically only allows us to understand where we are now," he said.
For example, Wushu needs a good arena to hold the fight in a place similar to Judo, Karate and boxing.
The refusal of the central government to extend the allocation of funds to the state governments in the region has put pressure on the Meghalaya government to implement the Smart City scheme. The state no longer needs financial assistance from the central government for this purpose and will try to do it on its own.
Nongpoh, July 28 : One of the BJP leaders today visited Nongpoh to meet with religious leaders, party leaders and the people. On the occasion of the 9th Anniversary of the BJP's rule in India led by Narendra Modi as Prime Minister, the Catholic Church today expressed its views on many issues. They also met with Christians in different parts of the country and especially requested the BJP-ruled government of India to provide special protection to Christians.
At the same time, the owners of the houses have requested the residents not to buy the tires if anyone comes to offer but they should inform the police or the village authorities so that it will be a warning. Neighbors and residents to be vigilant against buying stolen goods from unknown persons.
“During the elections, the parties promised many things to the voters...but we at the NPP don't want to lose these promises after the elections.
This program has opened the door for coaches, Asst Coaches, grassroots coaches to learn about the necessary training methods through these prominent Olympians who have lived their lives in the field of development of athletes. and coach knowledge transfer.
In the Recurve Mixed Team, West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal while South West Khasi Hills won the silver medal.
Here now the die phan is closed.
Not only that, even the Khasi and Jaintia people still differ in their religion and customs, the kñia and khriam of the gods and goddesses, for example, the lehnam and customs of the Jowai and Nartisng and the Sutnga and Raliang. they still differ.
After the mock exercise, a discussion was held with all the districts through video conferencing at the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
This is clearly understood from the beginning of the political struggle of the people who used to sit once every three years when the time came to elect a king (Nongmihkhmat to the Ingdorbar Thawaiñ).
The KSU also demands that the indigenous people of Meghalaya should be released first for any posts if the applicants are qualified to take over the post.
Dr Moushumi Dey, Lecturer, Women's College, Shillong, opened the meeting as the chief guest.
Nongstoin, 1 Naiwieng: After the opening of the Congress meeting on Saturday last month, many supporters of Dr.A.Pariong from the day of the ticket race until the end of the meeting. They have not agreed with his decision to cooperate and support the candidate elected by the AICC, even after he has decided not to take part in the mid-term elections. However, those who love and support him have called him to a place for a discussion because many of his supporters don't understand where to go.
The Department of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya will provide these information facilities.
The meeting was enriched by the participation of the people and youth from different villages in the 6-Khliehriat Constituency.
Besides, she said that education has been severely affected due to the inability to maintain schools and which has put the future of education of the students in danger. ki, you can't pull lut.
in), theme song and music video sung by Jessie Lyngdoh and the band.
You young men are masters of your own fields.
Many of the speakers on this occasion urged the youth to avoid such alcoholic beverages as much as possible so that it can be completely eradicated from the society.
Youtube's income is not stable because it depends on the number of views, 1500 dollars per month, 1200 dollars per month, 1000 dollars per month and so on.
These balloons were launched yesterday on the street of Ujjayanta Palace.
This is a violation of the free will of the people, and the HYC strongly condemns such insults.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Titos Chyne MLA/MDC Sohra, in his speech, praised Mawkdok for being one of the most developed villages in the area. the city is not idle but is well employed.
The cases, by district, are –• EKH-BSF 243, Non-BSF 174, Armed Forces 26, Total 443; WKH-Non BSF 3, Total 3; Ri Bhoi-Non BSF 43, Armed Forces 9, Total 52• WJH- Non BSF 10, Total 10• EJH- Non BSF 15, Total 15• WGH- BSF 7, Non BSF 9, Total 16• SWGH- Non BSF 4, Total 4• SGH- Non BSF 2, Total 2• EGH-Non BSF 1, Total 1 NGH-Non BSF 1, Total 1• SWKH-0The number of recoveries is
They don't know whether they earn or lose and they can't give an account to their children whether the work they do benefits their family.
Tura, July 09: The United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) from Ri Lum Garo has came forward to surrender its weapons at a meeting held in Tura today.
According to him, these leaders have already met with the Ksiang of the State Government, Bah PS Dkhar a few days after their arrival in the State.
The investigating police officer has also been directed to follow the rules and procedures of the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Border Security Force Act,
Bah Banteidor said he himself has been a farmer and understands the plight of the farmers and will work for the betterment.
This has prompted the meat vendors to stop selling meat because there is a lot of meat left.
The Constituent Assembly discussed the UCC on 23rd November, 1948, and the UCC was incorporated into Article 44, under Part Four of the Constitution, by the following: words: “The State shall endeavor to secure for the citizens a uniform civil code throughout the territory of India.
“We must create a global economy where farmers and youth will be allowed to take up employment opportunities,” said the Chief Minister.
They also alleged that Dr Tariang has taken money without the consent of the KJPA. They said that they have asked for information from the RTI of the hospital but they have not given any reason. You are not subject to RTI because you are not a private hospital.
"When you arrive, a man will be like an angel in front of you," said the mother. "That's difficult," said the father. for he shall be blameless before the world.
Crores of rupees have been paid by the people to the Government as taxes for roads, schools, water supply, medicines, licenses, transport, bill lights, etc. When the Government does not do well, the money of the people goes to the pockets of Ministers, Officers and Business Associates.
They also recalled that the party has demanded ILP in the state but the Indian government has still kept the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly in the cupboard of the Ministry of Home Affairs. November 2019 is the year.
In the first leg of the tournament, Sutnga SSCC beat Rymbai Wahshnong Sports Club 4-0
There were those who did not have their names on the ballot papers.
“The job of the leaders is to make laws, how can we hand over the laws to people who don't have education,” said the Chief Justice.
Speaking to the people, the RBYF leaders strongly condemned the BJP government for its intention to implement the CAB, and said that if the BJP implements the CAB, it will The Khasi people are not a small paid people.
This will never change in India and will continue to happen no matter who comes to power.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, welcomed the initiative taken by the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority and other government departments. These types of programs have greatly benefited the people to know their rights to many benefits whether it is legal or social development.
Conrad K Sangma said that before submitting the report to the Cabinet for discussion, the political department will read the report thoroughly and after that the HLC will be directed to submit it. report during the Cabinet meeting and after consideration in the Cabinet, the Government will take a decision on how to proceed on the issue of Them Metor which is an issue that has affected the people. After the violent protests on 31st June 2018, the State Government has set up a High Level Committee to find ways and means to to remove the problems from the area and especially after the demands from many that the people living in the area should be evacuated immediately.
These historical events shaped the life and work of Thomas Jones in these mountains.
David became king of Israel in 1010 B.C after King Saul who ruled in 1050 B.C. This word of God spoke to Israel in the time of King David that if the the nation of Israel, as a nation that believes and obeys the Lord God, will be the happiest nation.
Baniewkor Khongsei, 18, of Laitryngew, Maya Mirza, 60, of Bishnupur, Shillong, and Doris Lyngdoh, 78, of Umlyngkdait, Ri Bhoi.
When asked whether he would accept if its former leader AL Hek, who is now a government minister and MLA of Pynthor-Umkhrah, comes back to join the party, Shibun said. “We would be happy if Bah Hek returns to the party, we welcome even the MP of Shillong if he comes to join us,” said Bah Shibun.
According to Bah Tynsong, these piglets brought from West Bengal have been quarantined in Isolation Centers for 10-12 days in Upper Shillong and Kyrdem Kulai.
According to the Meteorological Department, the storm started to intensify when it reached Rajasthan.
For the Leader of the Opposition in the House, the salary has been increased from T.63,250/- to T.1,07,000/-.
This affected many people and caused these people to sell and live in the wilderness because they believed that by staying away from others they would be saved from sin and other evil deeds, and Jesus would take but sent them away into the place where they believed that they would be with them.
The Behdeinkhlam festival is held every year to ward off the diseases in the society which can come in the form of diseases, illnesses, natural disasters and any evils in the society.
ACHIK has received the support of various political parties in Garo Hills.
FIFA said in a statement that the suspension can only be lifted if the Committee of Administrators to conduct the tournament is lifted and the AIFF regains power. to promote football in India.
In the men's category, B Lamare and L Suchiang beat Gaurav Dutta and Biswajit Ghosh 21-19, 21-17, while Raynel Kharbuki and P Mazumdar (EKH) beat Babrian. and Raymond (Ri-Bhoi) 21-8, 21-11.
Those who were born in this village :-(A) LOCATION :- This village is located in a longer area – a little longer – not like other Riwar villages where there were some (b) Valleys – Valleys like Mawklor Valley – Masyntem Valley – also Tlong Valley – Wei – bnoh which is similar to the Kshaid in other countries of the world.
In Meghalaya, the government has already launched a policy on the treatment of mental illnesses.
“For my part, I will protect you even if the power of money comes, I will be with you, not to allow the power of money,” he said.
The 47-year-old was seen holding a Kalashnikov rifle nearby and sitting on the floor.
We hope that with the support of the government, KHADC can reduce the shop fees,” he said.
In a letter sent by Neiphiu Rio, the Union alleged that there has been corruption in the implementation of the ILP and for this reason, people from outside the state have taken advantage of it.
The war between Russia and Ukraine seems to be short-lived after Russian President Vladimir Putin today called for a war between Russia and Ukraine. Putin's action shows that he does not care about the Western pressure to take strong action against him in the Black Sea. They demanded that he cool down the conflict with Ukraine by leaving the country's borders.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (EPA) Environment Protection Cell led by General Secretary Sengkmie who is also Chairman of the Environment Protection Cell together with leaders of West Jaintia Hills including General Secretary Cresene Ksoo Khiejoit Niang, Baristerwell ED Shylla and others have visited Wah Myntdu to find out the truth after the drinking water supplied to the households in Sir Jowai has turned colorful and dirty due to the work without bus rules of Wei road construction company. Dhar Construction Company which is working on the Khliehtyrchi-Treiongriang bypass road has found that the discoloration of the water and the pollution of the river is due to the construction of this road and the dumping of soil into the river without control. On the other hand, the union has also asked the government where the experts and consultants whom the government has appointed to oversee the works have been assigned to them. If the NGT can fight against the coal mining, why don't they fight against this especially which affects the health of the residents of Jowai? If you don't take responsibility for this, the party will take action.
However, the MDA government has tried to ignore and avoid implementing this Act.
During the time of Rohingya refugees in Myanmar, the government/government has been very careful about the entry and exit of Rohingya refugees.
Naik, 53, and his mother, Kumud Naik, died in 2018 and in their letter, they claimed that Goswami and two others should pay T. crore.
There is no right to drive like in Mawroh FCI.
Police have recovered Rs 25.83 crore from the vehicles and Rs 5.58 crore in raids at several places.
As soon as they reached the bedroom of Agnes, Amita took her hand and shed tears. They didn't talk but just looked at each other and nodded because Agnes didn't. she could not speak and after a while Anita was taken to her bedroom.
“The KHADC will not issue NOC to dig roads for the mining of uranium in any part especially in West Khasi Hills,” he said.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, today recovered the body of an elderly man from a place within the boundary of Pahammawlein 20mer village in Ri Bhoi district.
In the Under-16 men's category, Dangiaidlynti Tmung of Ri Bhoi won the best athlete award and in the women's category, Sibilda Maring of Ri Bhoi won the best athlete award.
Joint Director LS Lyngdoh has ordered the submission of nomination papers after the leaders of the JYF and some of the students who passed SSLC and HSSLC went to his office in Jowai after the expiry of the deadline. JYF to enroll those who have lost admission to government schools and colleges.
Therefore, the resolution of the 169th ILO General Assembly and the Declaration of UNDRIP apply in India and indigenous peoples such as the Khasi and others have the right not to violate their rights.
On the other hand, the students who failed to take the examination alleged that this incident was due to the stinginess of the Post Office. Riangdio and Umdang villages fall under the Shallang BOP.
She said that other leaders can assist the Urban Department by showing the places where these street lights need to be installed in their constituencies.
“Bah Bring wants to make Meghalaya a Mini Japan or a prosperous Japan but in his old age, he has not been able to achieve this dream”. , said Mr. Suting.
This part is also very important.
He said the government has to appoint up to 18 Parliamentary Secretaries showing how the Congress is in turmoil despite having up to 30 MLAs. “It is doubtful that the government will forget about development works and the people,” he said.
The teachers of NEHU also alleged that Prof. Shukla has appointed Prof. Rai for his own personal gain.
Many leaders have had their phones stolen, including Rahul Gandhi, many opposition leaders, Abhishek Banerjee, MP, Mamata Banerjee's brother-in-law and many others.
Money can buy people's lives but it cannot buy love.
Regarding the theft of the Longkmie, the residents of the village, said that the incident of robbery during the collection of money in the village is not new, but it has happened. has happened from time to time and that usually happens when people have left the Bank after withdrawing money.
The village authorities have also urged the people who use vehicles to drink alcohol in dark places and to do anything to intimidate women and children.
Why does the Government do so much? Why do the people's leaders who have been elected by the people insult their own voters? The people should think carefully during the elections so that the 5000 and 2000 rupees will not speak to anyone because the problems and backwardness will affect the people if they are influenced by the power of money during the elections. elections.
Shillong: Ka Iewduh has been awarded the title of the most beautiful Khasi film.
“We will discuss this when the Prime Minister returns,” he said.
The winners in the 400m race for women were Phailinda Lyngdoh Marshilong first, Mancyfull Lyngdoh Sangriang second and Dishalin L. Sangriang third.
Meanwhile, Nongrim have qualified for the Shillong Premier League SSA along with Laban who are in first place with 20 points from nine games.
“The passing away of Bah Banshanlang Kharbyngar has been a great loss not only to his family but to football in the state as a whole.
The new National Curriculum and Pedagogical Framework will be introduced in schools, for young children and also for teachers and will be released soon.
Many vehicles have lost their way halfway and some have been involved in accidents while avoiding the roads.
Before planting the phan, the farmers have sprouted it.
The bench, comprising Justice AK Sikri, Justice S Abdul Nazeer and Justice MR Shah, also directed the Indian government to provide clear information on the availability of coal. The committee in charge of the project has been given time to inform within four months from today, the report said. The report shall be submitted to the State Government.
It was suggested that if there are patients who are undergoing new treatment, the hospital authorities should quarantine these patients first, so that there will be no spread of the disease to others.
This virus is very dangerous, which can prevent the body from protecting us from other diseases.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday sent a petition to the DMHO of Ri Bhoi District, to urge him to immediately remove Dr.E Pandit, Doctor in charge of The PHC is located at Warmawsaw village in Ri Bhoi District.
As part of the monitoring of the situation, the state government has ordered the relevant authorities to seek detailed information about those children who have been enrolled in schools.
South Korea, Jymmang 21 : The compound team of Abhishek Verma, Rajat Chauhan and Aman Saini won the gold medal in the Archery World Cup 2022 after defeating the Archery World Cup France on Saturday.
“Speak unto the children of Israel... that they encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the Red sea...” (Exodus 14:2). -Explain them from time to time and they will be read and told in the ages to come.
Don't be afraid if you don't have money.
The MPUF said that it will soon submit a petition to demand from the government to fill the shortcomings of the hospital.
“We have found that they have cheated inside the Custom office, we know that the real price has already been cut and in the price change it has been left without rain until it is no longer available, the cow T.20 thousand tyngka has been increased to T.24 or T.25 thousand tyngka or more. said.
Nongpoh: The two Dorbar Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, Mawlein and Umiam, together with the Presbyterian Church Nongsder-Damsite, have joined hands and welcomed despite the grief, for the funeral of Bah Banteilang Rapthap Syngai, who passed away last night at NEIGHRIMS, after the Government authorities announced that he has tested positive for COVID-1
It is a Mini Bank in the village.
Despite winning all four of their recent matches and finishing first in Group A, Mawlai didn't count sting but played hard and Donlad Diengdoh scored three goals in the first half. 15th, 28th, 49th, 58th and 77th minutes.
Another issue, which MAWU has demanded from the State Government, is that if the ASHAs are treated in any hospital, the Government should pay the cost of treatment through the MHIS which is 100 per cent. hundred.
Shillong: Thousands of people from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills District together with the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (HYF) have held a public meeting. COMSO has held a public meeting at Mawbynna (IGP) where they have been waiting since morning to hear the decision of the 60 MLAs to pass the resolution on the implementation of the resolution. the ILP in the state.
The JNC and JYF have urged the law not to release these vehicles and cows if the owners cannot provide permits to transport these cows.
To protest against this proposal, it is necessary to look at how India was formed because it is not based on religion, as stated in Article 1 of the Constitution of the country. India, that is, where historically states ruled by voluntary kings came to attach.
The time limit for completion of this course is 36 months.
GSU Western Zone President Rupa Marak said the curfew was imposed to force the government to implement their demand to remove Roy and bring in Momin.
Shillong, July 5: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today met with the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan.
The suspect is a native of Manai and lives in Mawmaram.
“What is needed in this world today is love and kindness, these are two invaluable values.
He said he does not see any confusion regarding the word India or Bharat as they are already included in the Constitution.
He said that this species of fish has started to disappear from the rivers in the state but it exists only once.
“Your vote can bring about the good of the constituency and the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 25 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the polling day in Meghalaya on 27th June and 2013 October this year. The election campaign has begun like a fire burning in the fire.
The people paid with their money.
I therefore request Bah Bindo M.Lanong, MDC, whom the country and the nation as a whole has known well, that he is a source of inspiration for all the leaders and leaders who have passed away since Hills State, to gather all the MDCs of KHADC and JHADC and meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Shri RN Ravi, a man who understands their plight. Small paid citizens, to exercise the powers conferred on them by [Paragraph 19 (1) (b)] of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 and to receive the approval of the Hon'ble Supreme Court. , and also in accordance with Article 163, to issue a Notification of the implementation of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 in all the areas of KHADC and JHADC, which is the confirmation of Article 19 (5) and of the Constitution of India.
When the police arrested the suspects, they searched the pla of Lalnuntluangi, where they found five song of counterfeit money and T.2,48,500, which was packed in the pla. Police also seized 4 mobile phones, 3 ATM cards and the scoty.
Murray defeated Tommy Paul in the final of the ATP Challenger tournament earlier this month to win his first title. Since 2019, he has been knocked out only in the first round of two tournaments, the Monte Carlo & Madrid Open.
Furthermore, the root cause of the fire is estimated to be the forest burning that has been done from time to time.
It is up to the youth to search the Internet for information to find out the truth.
He said many countries around the world cannot develop a vaccine, but under the leadership of the Prime Minister, our scientists not only develop a vaccine but also deliver it to the poor. They have received the vaccine and a certificate that protects them from Corona.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Rangbah Shnongs of Rimen Mairang area have expressed their anger over the delay in the construction of the NEC road from Mairang to Ranigodown under the Mairang PWD Division.
The three-day tournament ended today with traditional dances and songs from various groups from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, the residents of the area told the Minister that they have received 25 kilos of rice, dai, medicines, milk, jhur, food, drinking water and plastic bags. when they were affected by the flood.
What the patient needs is healing and alone I pray that the voice of speech will remain and that healing will come.
“The color of the Wah Lukha has happened and today we demand from the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills to conduct an independent inquiry to find out the truth,” he said. said KSU President KS Suchiang.
Now, I also have a response to the songs 'Preach Fear'
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The UDP Youth Wing Ranikor Circle has strongly opposed the call of the President of the UDP Youth Wing, Bah Khranglin Lyngkhoi, to hold a meeting in Shillong this morning without informing the public. members and office bearers of the circle.
The State Executive Committee (SEC) of the MDP on Friday said that the party is alive and will grow stronger in the coming days.
The day was filled with dances and songs by the youth and women from the Raijs of different villages and the Dolloi launched the Almanac 2023 of the Seinraij Raliang.
Therefore, any children who wish to participate are kindly requested to provide their Birth Certificate and bring their own toys.
Twitter has been on fire today after an Indian journalist posted a picture of himself showing a cow's milk cake in a shop in the United States. worth T.215 per song.
The Minister spoke about the opportunities available to investors in the North East due to the favorable growth conditions in the region.
Before entering politics, Bah LG Nongsiej was a newspaper distributor, driving a newspaper car for Rupang.
MCA Secretary Gideon Kharkongor expressed his pride that the U-16 and U-19 teams have been selected for the upcoming season. The U-23 team will also be selected and thus cricket will be promoted in the state.
He said that while the government has not been able to upgrade the health centre, it should also provide doctors to provide treatment to the people, as it is not an easy task for only one doctor. The doctor will provide treatment and will also be responsible for other duties of the PHC which will leave the PHC where he will have to leave the patients and those who come for treatment, he added.
Fourteen doctors of the KPJ Specialized Hospital and Nursing College in Gazipur have been confirmed positive.
The closure of foreign shops started yesterday evening, after members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and members of the Federation of Khasi Students (KSU) and Garo People East Jaintia Hills District raised flags. The Deputy Commissioner's Office in Khliehriat, in fact, the members of these two organizations have raised their flags without any disturbance while the bar The shopkeepers in Khliehriat and Ladrymbai have closed their shops and found that only the shops of the panars are open.
He was involved in the founding of the Liberal Youth and Cultural Adventure Association, which later became known as the Society for Urban Rural Empowerment.
“Now the situation has changed and we cannot continue the term of the Council, and therefore, we have to hold elections,” he said.
DSO of WJHD K.Passah, Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu Abul Phawa, Working President of WJDSA EMH Passah, Members of the Association, Teachers, School Children and football fans were present on the occasion. you District.
Because of the lack of banking, some have to go with two wheels, even if the price is low.
T.36 lakh in 2022, T.45.6 lakh in 2023 and T.60,000 in 2024 were also seized.
“There have been many people who have come and gone, but not a single small job has been seen,” said Bah Passah.
He said that two decisions were taken at the meeting. The first is that all the UDP MDCs will take these issues to the KHADC Dorbar to discuss. The CEM said that he has no intention of writing in the newspapers but the place to do so is in the dorbar. “Many of these will come out in the dorbar,” he said.
Expressing her gratitude to the Government of India and Meghalaya for selecting me for this award, Kong Pyrngap said, “This is the government's recognition of my hard work.
The BJP has set a target to bring about 10,000 people from across the state to Polo Ground to listen to the speech of the Prime Minister during his second visit to the country. state.
Psalm 46:10.
The ceremony was attended by the family members of the deceased and her children, village leaders, office bearers and colleagues of Bah Bantei, members and management of the Presbyterian Church Maw u Sam who sang a song of thanksgiving to the deceased. God and prayers.
In a statement, HITO Thadlaskein Unit and General Secretary HITO Mookyndur Unit Ma Bonny Pakma said that in the past few months, there have been cows and animals. The dead muid were dumped in parts of Mookyndur village and also on the national highway which has put the farmers of the area at risk from the spread of the disease through these dead animals. bad pyut.
It is worth mentioning that this decision of these two MLAs has also affected the decision of the people of their constituency, where some support and some oppose.
The VPP also promised to appoint a committee of inquiry into the corruption and illegal activities that have taken place during the tenure of the ruling government.
“You have done well with Father and Bah Let.
According to information, the engineers have attributed the delay to the lack of a JCB and have to find a longer one.
Furthermore, according to the evidence based on the hearing of the Special Judge (POCSO) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, on 29th November, Lucky Dhar has been found guilty of committing this illegal act against a child under Section 7 of the POCSO Act,
VAVEL USA, July 07: The 2018 World Cup champions France faced this year's World Cup runners-up Croatia in the Nations League. Both the teams scored 10 points each.
Maharashtra Chief Secretary Ajit Pawar today said he will accept the final decision of the Election Commission of India (ECI) regarding the name and symbol of the NCP. relating to the claims sent in writing by the team led by him and Sharad Pawar.
Angela said she will lodge a complaint with the Labor Department.
Jennifer Lopez will star in Un Stoppable, a sports drama directed by Ben Affleck.
He confesses that there is a God who guides his life and what the Word of God says is true and Amen.
This is in accordance with the order issued by the DC of West Jaintia Hills in implementation of the order of the Supreme Court and the Ministry of Home Affairs.
According to RTI, there are 89 muster roll employees at Sericulture Farma in East Khasi Hills (Lawsohtun), 76 in West Garo Hills, 75 in South Garo Hills and 75 in West Khasi Hills. Hills (Umsohpieng) 107, East Garo Hills 32, Muga farm Sohliya, Ri-Bhoi 101, Seed Grainage Nonpgoh 60, Mini Grainage, Umden Center 56, Jirang 46, Mulberry Nursery Mawsyntai 84 Nongpoh , Government Foreign Race Seed Moodymmai 97, Government Sericulture Farm 102, and Regional Foreign Race Seed Ummulong 110 for a total of 1,0
The tournament, which is currently being held in Changwon, is the start of the World Shooting Para Sports season and will also offer the quota for Paris. 2024 Paralympics.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wahkdait, Bah Fastborn Dkhar, said that at the time of construction of the road, all the farmland was destroyed and the land owners have not received the compensation.
After the dance at 2 pm, the people under the leadership of Pa Langdoh erected 3 Dieñkhlam one at Tihkhyndaw Square and two at Ryngkew Square at Madan Slot Masi. The Dorbar Niam has held a meeting to discuss the religious activities which we have to complete tomorrow, Muchai, which is the day to end the Niam Behdeiñkhlam of
On the other hand, Rgh DK Dkhar President Seng Khasi Kmie, in his speech, said that even the two teachers of this shlem have received the award. but as it is now, the award that these two have received, has ended, without reaching anywhere, especially the assistance that they are entitled to receive from the government authorities. .
Some of the elders from Laitlyngkot area have asked Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh to leave without hearing anything but they told this reporter that Ronnie told them that 'they are still bringing weapons' .
The farmers have been severely affected by the crops such as kwai which the villagers rely on and earn their living and now that the harvest season is approaching.
The central government believed that the LTTE was still involved in committing illegal activities that threatened the peace and security of the country.
Out of the 23, 16 are under 18 years old.
It is located in Kerlang Ksoo Dkhiah District.
The statement also said that the students have taken admission in the three year course or the old three under graduate programme.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF Umsning Circle, this morning at 11:30 pm, have seized 10 buses of foreigners, who were trying to leave for Lumshnong Jaintia Hills. .
When you look at it again, you will have a serious thought.
“The Right to Persons with Disabilities Act has not yet been fully implemented in Meghalaya.
These are unfortunate incidents for the newspapers, but if we talk about online media, news portals and video channels, it is sad that they have to rely on Google and YouTube and They have become the parents of the online media, because they are the ones who watch and help to produce money (if not by doh pasoh) to those who follow this line.
The India Stack, despite its name, is not limited to India and thus can help and open up opportunities for others; my purpose is beyond the borders of the land.
However, the sad thing is that even those dignitaries but just because they are in poverty have to look for excuses because of the high price of some during the elections.
Therefore, in conclusion, he said that as we the people have given our full support, so they too will continue to provide full service and full service to us the people.
The College would like to thank the Seng Khasi College Shillong for being willing to include the students in its list, the Dorbar Shnong Dusaw-Rangthylliang, Pynursla for providing a house to hold classes, the teachers who to the members of the College who have supported body and soul and finally to the students who have worked hard to pass.
Instead of creating division in the state and being defeated, it is enough for the BJP to take such a decision so that tomorrow when we go into parliament they will recognize the MPs from Meghalaya. because of them, and we didn’t run a candidate.
The participation, which can be said to be one of the largest, in which they had the opportunity to take part, to perform their own song, in which they also sang in more than 10 languages, all over the world. , they sing in Chinese, Arabic, French and Italian among others.
However, the MeECL authorities have not responded to this question or invited the union leaders for talks.
Nongpoh, Nailar 24: Samla Johny Nongrum, Sports Secretary of KSU North Khasi Hills District, has won the MMA Indian Fight Series in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. , KSU North Khasi Hills District today welcomed the youth at Byrnihat.
Speaking after the meeting, the Lamphang expressed his satisfaction with the meeting with the Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on Thursday in New Delhi. “We have held a fruitful discussion on the demand for the inclusion of the Garo language as Khasi and 37 other languages ​​will be recognized under the 8th Schedule. .
The purpose of the scheme is to use environmental protection measures to provide environmental education and working methods, which have been in place since ancient times.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it will hold the 3rd Division Football Tournament on the 22nd of October.
Buyers should submit receipts in the tender form.
Eldie N Lyngdoh, Information and Publicity Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP), said, “The arrest is only an attempt to intimidate the leaders of the political parties. He said that the government intends to kill the spirit of protest of the political parties who are demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state. only with scares.
He expressed his regret over the removal of the Khasi language as MIL, as this will affect the struggle for the Khasi language to be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution.
Fr Majaw said the Commissioner and Secretary have said that schools should have two School Management Committees and a School Management Committee.
We cannot even say that many of those who have brought fame and glory to our Khasi Jaintia Hills, are athletes, in any field.
The Departments should take action on this problem faced by the residents and the residents are entitled to pay the water tax and from time to time to give reasons that it is from Mawphlang cannot be accepted. “said Bah Adelbert Nongrum, adding that the departments should therefore be willing to fulfill their duties and responsibilities.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 19: Three Khasi employees who have worked for more than 10 years at the office of the Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) Umïam, Ri Bhoi District have been suspended for more than 10 years. Leaders of the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) led by President Bah Bandari Ryntathiang have met with the relevant authorities to get clarification on the arrest of these the three of them.
Therefore, to bring peace to Shillong, the government needs to increase the number of street lights so that if there is stronger light on the roads, people will not be afraid to stay beyond 10 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Up to 532 households in Mawnianglah Dobar Shnong have been facing water shortage for the past 10 months after the MePDCL cut off the water supply. PHE, Investigation Branch has not paid the electricity bill of Rs 1.60 lakh.
At present, Vincent H. Pala is the Congress MP from Shillong while Agatha K. Sangma is the NPP MP from Tura seat in the Lok Sabha.
It is learned that if there is a protest, the owners of the quarries or quarries stop working and steal only in the evening, but due to the lack of protection, they have started to operate even in the evening. This was witnessed when a reporter visited Rani village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The state government on Thursday morning announced a helpline number 1800-345-3644 for Meghalayans stranded in Sikkim who need assistance to return to the state. .
This is not a new idea, don't expect the ethnic parties to unite but they will become more divided,” said Bah Pala.
Those who have already paid how can they lh.
He said that the construction of the new campus will be jointly supervised by IIT Guwahati and IIT Roorkee.
They left the vehicle at Jaiaw while they took the weapons with them.
He acknowledged that only national parties like the Congress can take up the issues in the Legislative Assembly and protect the rights of the poor.
Besides, it was also found that in other parts of the project or in the chess packages, there are many problems with the land owners.
Don't be fooled by the people of Khasi Hills, because the people of Khasi Hills have agreed to review the Reservation Policy but this Government wants to delay and appoint a Committee headed by the Minister of State. Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh who spoke on the State Reservation Policy for 2018 and 2022 and Bah Himalaya M. Shangpliang who spoke that it should be reviewed and amended.
Himanta said that 111 people have been in contact with him and 150 households have been tested positive for the virus.
The order said that those who sell in places recognized by the Incident Commander and Town Vending Committee will not be allowed to open but they too must comply with the COVID-19 rules. The school will be open from 9 am to 9 pm, said a statement from the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
These counterfeit notes were printed in Bangladesh with the intention of smuggling to India.
According to the direction and instructions given by Bah Sanbor Shullai, the Minister of State has handed over to Bah Raphael Warjri to prepare for the construction of these statues.
“He said that the deterioration of the road has caused problems to the passengers, it has also caused difficulties to complete the works due to the traffic jam on this road for hours every day.
Shillong, June 21: The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Gurjit Singh on Tuesday said that the HPC has not accepted the blue print proposed by the government for the relocation of the HPCs. of the eight conditions it sets before the government to achieve.
The No Entry will be imposed from 7 mer to Umshyrpi Bridge or Rilbong Point.
Arsenal have signed West Ham United midfielder Declan Rice and are close to signing Chelsea forward Kai Havertz.
Taking part in the discussion, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM, expressed his regret that there has been an allegation that in the draft law, the government to amend the 6th Schedule has also removed the the Village Council.
For Laitjem, Mevanshan Kharsati scored 26 runs from 29 balls, Ricky Stone Nongbet took two wickets from four overs and Nangkiewkular Diaiar took 2 wickets from 4 overs. wicket in 4 overs.
“We as the office bearers of the UDP cannot accept to postpone the MDC election for another six months.
On this occasion, the Two Wheeler Association Umsning Area congratulated the SP Ri-Bhoi District (CVS Reddy), SP (Traffic) East Khasi Hills (Bah N.Syiem) and others. They were accompanied by Umsning Police Station, Umiam Police Station, Umroi Police Station and Mawryngkneng Police Station.
The government needs to take steps to introduce stronger public awareness measures on the subject so that families are mindful and vigilant.
This is the age of science in which we know that in all fields those sciences and technologies have been implemented in which it can be said that there are only struggles to reach the goal of life.
The Minister said the driver has been charged and will be arrested after he leaves the hospital as he is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Pale easily scored from a mistake by Maxderidoff Wahlang inside the box and tried to save twice with his right foot.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident and have arrested him in accordance with the provisions of the MMDR Act.
While the state is preparing to fight against COVID-19, the residents of Barato area have experienced heavy rainfall along with cold and storm but no one has been injured. iano spirit today.
One good purpose of all these religions and of all Christian churches is to improve people in their personal and social lives as a religious group, no matter what religion they belong to.
He reportedly visited the sick and thousands of children in various wards of hospitals, La Stampa reported.
Speaking to media after the second meeting of the two states on the settlement of the boundary of seven disputed areas at Khanapara, Guwahati today, Sarma said: he expressed confidence that the settlement will be reached sooner than expected.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The meeting of the United Democratic Party (UDP) started at 5 pm at the residence of its President Dr. Donkupar Roy and at 9:30 pm the journalists left the house. Dr. Don said that the meeting has not yet been held and no decision has been taken.
Admitting that the state has grown steadily in these years, he sent a letter to the MRD saying that the state still needs funds to bring about more development. fine.
It is clear that even other ethnic groups in the North East have refused to respect our Khasi.
She was unmarried and was the first Khasi to drive a car.
However, the government has not done anything on this issue for three months.
Many urban design and engineering practices emerged from water and sanitation policy after the spread of malaria and cholera in the 1800s in various cities.
The National Camp will also be held at the Sonipat Regional Center and will feature 108 runners from among others who have not been selected.
Deiwa Lyngdoh, one of the survivors, said that they worked in the house.
The evil deed is done by this other family, not by my family! If my brother steals a little, I will protect him, and if he steals from another family, I will punish him. My mother, sister or brother-in-law can marry a Panjabi doctor, a Bengali professor, a Malik Bihari or a Nepali captain. Doing business without my mother or father is a profitable job, doing business without others has violated the rights of the people! Where does this deceit come from in that nation of righteousness, knowledge of man, knowledge of God? Stop this fraud and unfounded copying.
Other signatories were NC leader Farooq Abdullah and former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister, SP leader and former UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav and CPI leader D Raja. and Sitaram Yechury of the CPI-M. The opposition also demanded the immediate repeal of the Farmers Act and the fixing of the MSP. filed, by the opposite party, on 12th January 2021.
The KSU has strongly condemned the government for its attempts to mislead the people by coming in the form of development and not cleanliness.
“The fact is that the Supreme Court, in its judgment, has confirmed that the land and its contents are owned by the land owner. This is the biggest and most important victory in the entire trial,” said the Prime Minister.
The statement said that the union has asked the person who cleans the public toilet to reduce the risk of various diseases that can be brought from this place.
Speech was also delivered by Bah A. Lakiang, Joint Secretary Governor Secretariat, Raj Bhawan Shillong as the Chief Guest. Guerrilla Warfare to fight against the French troops.
This is the price, which has been agreed between the workers of the slasha farms and the Assam government and will expire on 31st November
According to the Principal Secretary, the policy also calls for the construction of a check dam to prevent the flow of water to Bangladesh or other places. Only two percent of the water has flowed into Bangladesh.
Many of the Civil Sub-divisions have been converted into full Districts and many other requirements have already been met, so Amlarem needs a multi purpose stadium.
“It is surprising and sad that if we take and see only the problems that have befallen us in any field, this can be from unemployment, poverty in the country. Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District and the most important thing that affects the people of Khliehriat is because of the ban on mining. and to transport coal without the approval of the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Fr.Michael Makri Sohra-Shillong, Lber 6: It will be a day of remembrance for the state and Asian countries as a whole. His body was buried in the shrine of Don Bosco in Sohra forever.
The results will be announced on the same day.
The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, led by Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President, Vincent Makri, General Secretary and other leaders, on Friday decided to meet with the authorities. district in Ri-Bhoi, due to the discrimination against the Khasi in the area.
The union urges the union to visit the hospital to find out that although it is better than before, it is still lacking in all aspects especially in the number of staff in the posts that are needed especially. such as doctors, specialists and other posts.
The rally will be held tomorrow at the border area.
He said that the HSPDP does not support the nomination of Bah Pius as it shows the unity of the oldest ethnic parties in the state.
This project is for the development of Eri ksai in Mizoram by focusing on bringing in activities related to these species from the breeding grounds, breeding of rusom, region and others.
“If you don't shoot, you won't help but you need love,” said Barry.
Prestone said the former Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma was a government that took decisions without the knowledge of the Cabinet on the border issue and alleged that the former Prime Minister did not distribute them. information on the 12 locations.
He added that according to the Constitution of India, “RIGHT TO LIFE” means that they have the right to live their own lives, but these teachers have been suddenly deprived of their income. for many years of service and has been a violation of human rights by the government.
Shillong, Lber, 23: The Minister of Electricity and Supply, Abu Taher Mondal on Friday said that the report of the Inquiry Committee appointed to investigate into the allegations of misuse of the Saubhagya Scheme has been sent to the The Finance Department has not responded.
Applicants are requested to produce their Marksheet (Bachelor Degree/ Master Degree) while collecting the form for verification of the percentage of marks.
NHS officials say that the increase in the number of patients is due to the lack of testing and protective clothing. prevent the spread and transmission of this disease.
Regarding APSTA's statement, JACATAM said that the struggle is with the government, not to criticize or fight with fellow teachers.
Only Angelica scored 10 runs for the team.
Speaking on the occasion, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Syiem of Raid Marwet and others, expressed their appreciation to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, for his efforts to achieve this goal. to set up the Trade Branch of the District Council in this area, which is also an area where many foreigners have come to do business, but many of them have not found any. proper documents, whether from the District Council, Hima, Raid and Village as well.
They will come back after the construction of the shops at the taxi rank in Jaïaw.
It only differs in name or leader or babu.
When asked why he understands why this song has sold so well, he said, “It's not just the tune or the lyrics but because the people want change and turn to the VPP. When asked whether he is confident that the VPP has won up to four MLAs through his song, Bah Smiling said: He said that the victory of the VPP candidates is not only due to the song but there are other reasons.
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to the candidate to find out how many hundreds of Congress supporters were on his side.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 32,695 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to
The opposition also criticized the election in Malaisohmat, saying that the election of the Syiem in Malaisohmat is only through the ministers or the chiefs of the three kurs, but the EM of the Elaka u Pangniang replied that out of the five candidates, the EC has found that two of them are not eligible to take part in the election of the Syiem. The Sohtun Kur, they have the right to elect a Syiem through an Affidavit.
He said that now is the time to allow the ethnic parties to come into the government.
The Rangbah Shnong, ST Rympei, Reading Rymbai, Secretary Shnong and SM Lamare, Chairman of the Dorbar Shnong, said that they have already purchased the land. They have also received the assistance of the KHADC to dig a well before they plan to introduce the Solid Waste Management within the boundary of Lumdaitkhla Village.
“If the Government or the Regional Committee doesn't listen to what we want, my position is that I have made it clear that I will always be on the side of the people because I have been elected by them,” said Bah Marngar. talk to reporters.
He said the party has worked hard to seek the decisions of the Political Department of the government through the Right to Information, on the resolution that the two Prime Ministers have agreed on. to the pud of the sam.
The group has also donated food items to more than 600 households in many villages/dongs/kyntoit in Nongthymmai Constituency.
Because it was taught that only the soul is necessary to escape eternal hellfire and receive heavenly peace.
The bill introduced by the MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has been rejected in the Legislative Assembly regarding the implementation of the State Reservation Policy in the selection of youth in the State. which schools have been allocated for Meghalaya.
He said that this is for a project to be implemented for an area of ​​less than 5 hectares which will fall under the District Environmental Impact Assessment Authority.
They asked that if the amendment is not in the law, how can the second amendment be brought back?
Bah Pala is still in Shillong.
It is learned that the police chief attacked these members not only with his hand but also with a stick and robbed them of their belongings, such as mobile phones, money bags and others. you letter of complaint.
The truck also hit parts of the head of the youth until he died on the spot.
Please don't hope that this Adhar will not be able to get power as EPIC.
Rupang tried to contact Tailin Lyngdoh, but her relatives did not have her phone number as she used to move from one place to another without Dr. .Nivedita Barthakur.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their happiness to have such service points because it has made it easier especially in coming and going and those who are far away from the cash points are now in their villages and don't need them. They don't have to spend money to do what they need in their banks.
State Govt AICTE Sponsored Scholarship.
He said that the residents of the area together with the residents of Sangriang village have demanded that even if the tower is damaged, BSNL should come and repair it immediately.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Joint Action Committee on Two Lane Road Nongstoiñ-Mawthabah has decided to appoint the KHADC. completely.
The AIM has stated according to an article published in the Scientific Journal of the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (IJER&PH) which states, “The wearing of masks inside The body of human beings is not healthy by causing respiratory failure, headaches, increased blood pressure (BP), low blood pressure, low blood pressure, low blood pressure and other diseases that can still cause infection in the human body.
“As the President of the district, I cannot claim to get the ticket but I have to follow the rules of procedure of the party,” he said.
Yeddurappa's funeral will be held tomorrow at 9 pm in Bangalore.
Another event will take place in Heaven at the beginning of the Last Day.
He said that this event is a platform for the development of sports and is a platform for training and ability for the youth to showcase their talents. They were talented because even in the short period of preparation they managed to win many medals which brought the state to the fourth position in the overall medal tally.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Zone has demanded that the government should build a four lane road from Jowai Bypass to Ratacherra to facilitate the traffic of the people of Jaintia Hills and also to avoid floods. earthquake that occurs frequently in the Sonapur area.
The ILP does not mean to ban, but to release, once these jnit ki jnat have been granted.
These smuggled goods were seized by the BSF troops after the smugglers fled the area by taking advantage of the forest and leaving behind the smuggled goods.
Shillong, July 25 : Two persons have been arrested by the police after they stabbed and injured a member of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Saturday night at Mawblei.
Furthermore, the place to be used as a waste disposal site should not be located in waterlogged areas or areas with birds, wildlife and plants.
Schools, Sports Clubs or Associations who wish to participate in this tournament are kindly requested to collect the forms from the DSO Office, South West Khasi Hills District at any working hours.
Chhangte's award this season comes after his performances for Mumbai City and India.
The BJYM said that it will continue to monitor this issue for the betterment of education which is the place to shape the future of the students, said Egenstar Kurkalang, President of the BJYM. (BJP Youth Wing) Meghalaya.
When he comes, he will rebuild Mount Zion (Jerusalem) because the battle of Armageddon will be fought.
The MCA's training has not ended with this team, but earlier, the U-19 team is now under the training camp of Just Cricket Academy in Bangalore, while The U-25 boys team is currently at the training camp at VCA, Vizag and the senior team is in Pondicherry.
“Pastor Basaiawmoit has turned the manifesto into a manifesto, the Congress from the manifesto into the money-festo just to mislead the people,” said Bah Paul. you're beaten by your manifesto".
When asked whether the BJP is contesting alone this time, Sanbor said the BJP is the biggest party in India and the MDA's decision to contest Jemino Mawthoh. “It is an agreement within the MDA government and the BJP does not want to criticize anything,” said Bah Sanbor.
Besides these villages, the committee also includes the District Administration, the Police Department as well as the Hima Mylliem.
This year too, from before March (Before the National Lockdown) until October 2020, the people have been getting water by using the head, khoh, star to carry water, except during the rainy season and only those people who have the money to pump their own water are allowed to go to the market.
Kharkongor said the Election Commission has received complaints from other places like Tikrikilla constituency in West Garo Hills and the District Election Officer (DEO) has also taken the necessary steps to send an inquiry to the Flying team. Squad but the team found nothing.
I also request all those who have knowledge of the laws to look into the shortcomings of this article so that it can be corrected and forwarded to the Presidents or General Secretaries of both these Unions or to me ( hsshylla@gamail.com).
If we rely solely on others, we will not reach anywhere and we will stay the same or fall behind.
Shillong: Police today received a tip on an incident at Government, Deinshalu, East Jaintia Hills District.
Meghalaya is a state with many hills, valleys, rivers and valleys and also has many forests, plants, wild fruits and vegetables and species. various trees that are rich, beautiful and pleasant to look at.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Saturday inaugurated the office of the Senglongkmie at Ronghona village, Byrnihat area, after receiving assistance from the The purpose of the construction of the Longkmie Office in the village, which is also on the border with Assam.
Dr. Cliff Wanniang and his team, with the assistance of Dr. Caleb Harris, Additional Professor, Surgical Oncology, NEIGRIHMS and Dr. Newstar Syiemiong, Anaesthetist, Ganesh Das Hospital and the Anesthesia Team Dr. H. Majaw and Dr. M. Surong from the Civil Hospital, Shillong, were able to conduct this successful surgery through a small amount of surgery using special equipment.
She said that the medical teams at the health center are well trained for providing comprehensive care.
Besides the idols from various committees in the city, there are also those who have come alone from their homes to break their idols according to their Hindu beliefs.
District Secretary MBS&G, Siami Shylla, District Organizer (G), WJHD, Julius Lyngdoh, District Training Commissioner, WJHD and S. Tariang, District Commissioner (G), WJHD also welcomed the guests. explain months about this particular day.
On one of the social media channels operated by the government (PRIME), Coretta Sangma, founder of the Nostalgia brand, thanked PRIME Meghalaya for supporting her in marketing her products. she, and this has led her to allow others to earn.
In a letter to the General Manager of NHAI, the two organizations alleged that the lack of toll collection system through Fastag has stopped hundreds of vehicles almost every day and has also hampered the public. to get to their jobs quickly.
Paraguay, 5
All roads allocated under the major schemes of MDoNER such as NERSDS and NESIDS have been implemented by themselves or through the North Eastern Council (NEC), until 169.51 km in the last three years in Meghalaya.
The HYC also requested the government employees in all departments to arrive at their offices on time for the benefit of the people.
Kong Diamon Khriam is a farmer of sohphlang in Laitkroh Umtyngngar, and she also sells sohphlang in a shop near the road; They went to Laitleykot and Sohra.
When asked whether he will leave the party, he replied, “I love the people of Mylliem more than the party”.
As the leader of the National League for Democracy (NLD), Adelbert said he wants the HSPDP and UDP to understand each other. I'm trying to unite the 3 parties, it's not useful for me to call for a nation when we're fighting each other, we won't believe and trust in the syrngiew of foreign parties like BJP and Congress, if we have confidence “We don't need others, we will come to power, we have all been locked up, we have solved the issues of the jaitbynriew,” said Bah Adelbert.
Three other occupants of the Maruti Car including the driver Klostar Talang (27) were seriously injured in the incident.
Jadeja scored 2/34 in the second innings against Australia in which the opposition team lost all their wickets for 91 runs.
If one's right to life would be deprived, then it means that we are taking that person's right to life," the statement said.
Ever since Jesus was here on earth he has foretold that anti Christs would appear to deceive people, and there are many now around the world.
Shella: The village of Shella, yesterday morning, has been in turmoil and there has been a stir in which the people from the elderly to the longkmie have come out on the ground with their pla cards and have not been allowed to hold a meeting. They have gathered in front of the Shella Dorbar Hall to prevent the village authorities from holding the dorbar.
This Accreditation Number MC-6140 will be valid from 23.11.2023 It is the responsibility of the Laboratory to comply with the regulations of the Government, Courts and Regulatory Authorities as required from time to time.
The news of the 2010 earthquake also came from a woman.
One of the areas in the state where foreigners like to come to eat lyer and stay is Riwar area because it has many amazing tourist attractions which are never seen in the whole country, such as Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen, the double-decker living root bridge in Nohwet, Nongblai and Nongriat, the Whistling Village, Mawlynnong (the cleanest village in Asia), the Umngot River and others.
There have been 48,513 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 15 lakh and 768 deaths in the past 24 hours. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
Because it is a public matter, because it is elected by the people, it is not only the candidates who contest the elections and the parties that nominate them, but the employees of the parties and their employees. candidates, including Independents.
He said that there are various programs introduced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi with the aim of providing various benefits through the C&RD Block which is also to improve income and economy. good for the welfare of the inhabitants.
In this regard, the SP of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah GD Kharwanlang said that the incident happened this morning at 12 and 1 pm, when a group of robbers. The robbers have robbed the State Bank in Umiam and stolen more than Rs 10 lakh.
“We know that Meghalaya is divided into three regions, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The President of the National Council, JB Kosh, retired Chief Justice of Bihar, was the chief guest at the programme.
The SC has also issued an order for the sale of the coal.
He now needs another $1.3 million to get the ship to its destination and the main goal is to have a motor to drive the ship.
Since before Christmas 2021, SSA teachers have been on strike to get their salaries after the government has not paid them at all.
“Just by blocking the apps, it won’t help at all.
This is the first time that Skill Meghalaya will conduct a training in West Jaintia Hills District.
Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency and Chairman of the Meghalaya Estimate Committee, said that the PWD should not leave the building alone but should do whatever is necessary. by sending a letter to the two offices, PHE and MePDCL, so that they can be provided in a timely manner and that the plan to run this training center for the youth will be implemented. beat walk orderly.
Mr. L.T. Dance,.
Almost all the bridges from Ranigudam to Sohiong have been destroyed.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister said that during the time when the Congress was in power, the Congress government's statement on the investigation was clear in just six months. The officer investigating the incident at Marvelyne Inn has been dismissed.
We don't know the reasons for this candidate and the party which nominated him as a candidate, but it was seen that the UDP MLAs have not been able to help him. The President of the UDP, has not been able to win his candidate from his constituency in Shella and not only that, it has been seen that there are more Many other constituencies like Mairang, where there is another senior leader of the party, but there too he did not win at all and this shows that the responsibility of the UDP leaders, has decreased slightly.
This river is very important as it is the source of drinking water for the people of New Shillong.
Isaiah 45:18.
It is not clear who was wrong in this incident until the truck managed to hit the Maruti Car which collapsed in the middle of the road. arrived at the scene for further investigation.
The number of cases in Latin America rose to 91,000 last month, while in Europe and the United States, there was only a 20 percent increase. month not last.
The investigating authorities are investigating the case to find out how two pharmacies owned by two people have the same license number.
Shillong, July 5: Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie recently inspected the water tank, cleaning plant and snier cleaning plant of Mawlai Mawdatbaki village in Umjan district.
In addition, the conversation between Bah Bless Dkhar and a person on the news and an audio recording circulated on social media, which confirmed the collection of money by the HNYF leader from the HNYF leader, was also confirmed. truck to help release them from the Damsite Bridge.
He is still working with us because he has a desire to develop talented youth in sports and he wants the youth of West Khasi Hills to become stars in sports. football and other sports and to promote not only in the state but in India as a whole.
N Shirpa, an Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officer, has been appointed as the Chairman of the Expenditure of the Shillong Seat candidates along with two Chairman Neelam Gupta and Sashi Bala Gulati. Scream.
“There is no reason to say that I demanded ILP, to resolve the border, now I am still ready to demand, there is no such thing because in the manifesto of the UDP it says that it will stand to protect and protect. to preserve the culture and to promote the indigenous people,” he said.
All this is just a joke.
Therefore, you should not check carefully if the snep is rotten.
On the other hand, the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs led by Bah BB Makdoh Chairman, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary and other Village Leaders also sent a letter on the delay in the census in the district. For many years, the suspension of funds of the MNREGA scheme has caused problems to many villages in Ri-Bhoi and found it difficult to carry out the work and also the suspension of the distribution of ration since
This place is located under the Law Ïing-blei but it is not a place of worship but it is a famous place because it has the cremation ground of Synrang Bah which is necessary for God to live in it. for the Meirad Wankitkhoh and the Parad Pnan Mylliem.
“What our fellow MDCs mean is that we don't know but what we want is to ask them that the people have decided to lead the people by electing them,” said Lahkmen.
Recently, Prof. Amit Choudhury, Director-ODL, USTM, Dr Trishna M. Thakuria, Convenor and Organizing Secretary of the seminar welcomed the participants and spoke about the purpose of the seminar.
Engty also requested the District authorities to send personnel from the office, in order to check the entry and exit of people from Sonapur (Assam)-Marmain-Umden to Nongpoh. The Tripura Newspaper Society (TJS) today announced that it will suspend the spread of COVID-19 in the district as well as the state as a whole. to publish newspapers from tomorrow, 26th October
All districts are now able to treat COVID patients from mild to severe.
When inquired from the MCCL management, it was not possible to confirm the allegation that the equipment was auctioned.
The Saja Paidbah Festival is like an Animal Farm.
The tournament was held at the NDSA ground in Nongpyndeng with the participation of 12 schools.
Bah Nongrem, who was angry with the CEM's reply, said that the reply shows that the CEM is not responsible.
“We are ready to talk to the government to resolve the issues of the people, whether it is schemes, ILP, CAA, inclusion of Khasi Garo language in the 8th Schedule and others,” she said. added.
He said that these land which the government has prepared to give to the land vendors are more suitable than the government land.
Before handing over these items, a short meeting was held by Tiewmihpli Lyngdoh, Chairperson of Seiñraij Tuber Women Wing.
Indeed, it is necessary to close down all the places where drug dealers/drinkers used to sell and buy drugs.
Other speakers at the meeting included UDP Ribhoi President Titos Chyne and others.
In the second match, Umshangiar will play against Pateinki Sabah.
Shillong, Nailar 23: An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter Scale has struck Shillong at 7:50 am this morning.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that the students who have to sit for the NEET examination at the University of Science and Technology and Management (9 Mile) in Ribhoi District , you must use your AdmitCard or any other document that proves that you are going to write the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET).
Speaking to reporters, after the ban, Bah Banjop Maring, said that the union is surprised that the government or the district authorities have not stopped such companies. They have done whatever they want to quarry the stones from the Umiam River.
When the police called in the morning, the sky was rainy and the guard of Piston Sangma was still asleep.
The meeting was led by John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and Finely L Pariat, General Secretary. many suggestions for the preparation of the state to host the North East Olympic Games in the state.
“These sohtruns we produce are not only soh, but also show the fertility of the land, the hard work of the farmers and the inherited wealth.
Vincent Pala, MP, said that the Raja Sabha may hold a session this month in which the Central Government may introduce the 125th Amendment Bill. 2019.
He said that to implement and progress the work requires further cooperation, unity and understanding as it is understood that there are three kyntoit in this village.
As we have seen in the past few months, the East Jaintia Police have arrested dozens of Dohïong who wanted to smuggle into our State.
A task force of Government Departments for Agriculture has been set up, eight ropeways have been taken under the National Ropeway Development Programme, and the funding of DoNER has increased by 153 per cent.
The union also wants to question how the district authorities of East Jaintia, have allowed Star Cement to hold this public awareness, at this time when the COVID-19 protocols of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare are still in force. The State Government and the union said that the District authorities should have stopped the public hearing.
On the other hand, the government has approved to grant 22 days holiday this year and three days holiday has been allowed to be declared by the DC in each district.
On the other hand, Kong Ampareen also acknowledged that the government has appointed a special committee to discuss the issue of Reservation Policy.
Many people expect a new government without the BJP to come in 2018 in the state especially after the strong influence of Narendra Modi as it has happened in other states.
The distribution of these tablets was attended by AP Syiem, Principal Nongtalang College, Dr KK Kharkongor, SDO (Civil) Amlarem Sub-Division, YR Mawlong, BDO Amlarem C&RD. Block of Dr.D Lyngdoh and others.
Our actions are in vain when we trust in our own righteousness.
I don't think they're worse.
At the same time, the Facilitating Agricultural Resilient Measures (FARM) Northeast IV Project, supported by Misereor Germany through Caritas India, was launched.
They don't know why it is called 'Lyngngam' and they don't know where the Lyngngam came from and how they lived in the past.
The government announces every day the number of cases of covid-19 and how many people have recovered, but due to the confidentiality of the names of the government, the names of those whom the government announces as positive are those who test positive in the first test. The government has announced that those who have recovered have tested negative in the second test report. If they are not infected with Covid-19, how can the government say that they have recovered?
This road has been improved in the past years for the convenience of the people in coming and going and especially for those who intend to go to Shillong Airport which is located in Umroi.
He said that JNU is a place of education for all the people in the country, and it is not a place to hold anti-India protests, and the party wants a united and strong India. to all national groups.
In the final match, Moosachram Govt.
Debasmita Dutta took 2/2, Daiaka Warjri (1/22), S Jaba (1/22) and Hajong (1/23) took 10 wickets.
In the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 Tournament, the state team will face Mizoram in Jaipur today, while in the Senior Women's T20 Trophy, the state team will face Mizoram. Pondicherry will play their first match against Pondicherry at Vododara today.
The question is why other districts have received up to two artificial turf playgrounds at once.
After receiving a complaint from these land owners, the union today under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang President and several members in the presence of the land owners went to the DC's office to get clarification.
Mukesh Ambani's company has begun talks with the Chinese company over its plan to buy Tiktok for $5 billion.
They were arrested from Sngithiang, Kyrbom and Mawprem.
The report of the Auditor General shows that the Government of Meghalaya has reduced its expenditure on education by about Rs 68 crore in the year 2020-2
The KSU Iooksi Unit after inspecting the school will soon meet with the relevant authorities to demand the repair of the school for the benefit of the students.
Expressing that it will be like one family, the DC said that part of this program will also be like a family to build a good.
Jowai, Jymmang 5: The house of Bah Michael Dkhar at Lad Sutnga has been set on fire at 10:30 pm by unidentified robbers.
Iooksi Youth Welfare scored the first goal in the 75th minute.
“After the sub-committee has submitted its report, the Special Committee will take the necessary action and hand it over to the state government to take the necessary action,” said Kong War, Chairman of the Special Committee.
In another match, TDCA had to tied the ball after EGH won the toss. Sengpan T Sangma took the lead by scoring 87 runs. 205/10, but was beaten by Prakash Prasad who scored 6/5
After a few minutes, police came to take these drugs to Sadar police station.
Delhi has 40 cases including one state official and Uttar Pradesh has 16 cases and one state official.
He said that 67,000 students have received training from this centre.
Meanwhile, Lakhon Biam, the BJP candidate for the MLA elections from the 3rd Raliang Assembly Constituency, has been elected to the National Assembly Constituency. Rangbah also resigned from the BJP on 16/11/2018 and his resignation was informed to the President of the 3-Raliang Mandal.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, former Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang said the meeting was held to discuss the preparations of the party to celebrate its 50th anniversary. to speak for the MDC elections to be held next year and to elect its full office bearers.
And so it happened to the people of Jericho.
At the end of the meeting, a welcome speech was delivered by Bah D.Khardewsaw.
The CEM of the party has also been elected as an independent candidate.
So far, more than 10 KSU members have been arrested during the railway protest.
“The victory is not the end but it is the beginning of doing great things, but together we have done it without a doubt,” said Conrad.
