They say that forests, plants and daily human activities are closely related.
Another resident, who gave his name as Mao, said, “The government authorities will gradually release the right information so that the people will know the facts about the number of dead”.
“This is still the case where the revenue land falls under the jurisdiction of the Deputy Commissioner. According to the agreement, the tenants of this land cannot cut down trees or build buildings without permission. I'm the Deputy Commissioner,” he said.
The match between Mawpdang SC and Iatyllilang SC will start at 2 pm on Friday (March 26, 2023) at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Polo. The EJHDFA (EJHDFA) today started the 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for the 40 Years Old and Above at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
He urged and requested the contractor and also the PWD (Roads) office to take action and do as much as possible to speed up the work so that the people of the area can get peace in the road. They have to travel a long distance to Umpung and Ranikor but when this road is completed, they have to travel to Mawkyrwat. Mawpud to Thiep-Bamon Village has been closer and closer and so that it will be of benefit not only to one or two people but to the people of the area as a whole because as the saying goes, “The road is They should also strive as hard as they can to complete the project in a timely manner as the weather in these months allows.
Shillong, July 10: Senior Congress leader Chamberline B Marak on Thursday joined the National People's Party (NPP).
He also stressed that the war in 1967 should exterminate the Palestinians and is a sign that the second coming of Jesus is near.
The question from many of the residents is whether the NHAI will remove the mawria which has been hidden for many months in this area which has disrupted the traffic of the residents especially which has caused many accidents. The NHAI should immediately remove and improve the National Highway to avoid any incident due to the deterioration of the road and the snowfall. they will not be sad afterwards.
Neeraj Chopra has thrown 88.77 meters for the first time and qualified for the final of the Men's Javelin Throw at the World Athletics Championships. to be in Budapest, Hungary.
Many children die even before they are born.
Red FM 93.5, Shillong and the Department of Education under the supervision of the State Project Director, SEMAM, Meghalaya, Shillong in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills and District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills On the 8th July, they held a special program for the students at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
One of the jobs that our youth can work in is in the field of logistics or transportation.
He said that there are also cases where the phone numbers of the 100 days employees have been changed and they are no longer using the same one.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday said that the Job Reservation Policy issued by the Government Resolution on 12th July, 1972, clearly states that the Job Reservation Policy issued by the Government Resolution on 12th July, it is based on the population.
He said this while reminding the Deputy CEM i/c of ​​KHADC, Bah PN Syiem regarding the demand for the removal of Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima and requested the Council to provide a copy. He said that the JAC has demanded to hold an election to elect a new and full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong.
After 20 years of struggle for the rights of the workers and the poor, Kong Wanpynhun, a resident of Malki, is now ready to fight for their rights through the state. .
Sarma's statement was confirmed by his statement at the Cabinet meeting held on 23rd November 2022, in which he said that Mukroh village falls under the state of Meghalaya.
Earlier, the foreign police yesterday received a complaint from the Sengbhalang leaders alleging that Ali Imam had sold drugs late and nothing. you have a trading license.
Shillong: Andrew Shullai, the Congress candidate from Jowai Central, has won the election from Jowai Central.
It is for this reason that the Dorbar of the Khasi was called the Dorbar of God.
" He is one of the leaders of the national party.
“Three months to become a pig to eat meat is something we cannot imagine, in our view there will be a danger if it happens in this form to the consumers,” said Mukhim. The reporter urged the pig and cattle farmers to refrain from these bullets while the investigating agencies have not been able to confirm the harmful effects of these drugs on health. because it will destroy their health.
During the meeting with Rahul, the Congress leaders who are also government ministers expressed their dissatisfaction with the leadership of the present government of Dr. Mukul Sangma and said that there is no peace or development. , but has been destroyed by various insurgent groups who have carried out their terrorist activities, which has shocked and discouraged the people of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Kur, Bah Riban, said that the Raid Shabong has 28 ryngku and one Lyngdoh.
Besides being one of the most famous singers in Ri Khasi Jaintia, she has also had the opportunity to sing with Kumar Sanu, one of the greatest singers of Bollywood.
The tourists who didn't expect to hear the music in the past, were thrilled when they saw and heard the traditional music from the students of this university.
The State Government has taken measures to protect and conserve the environment and its biodiversity by establishing 6549 BMCs in the State.
He recalled that he himself was CEM for only five months and was removed and Bah Pynïaid will also hold the post for five months.
Stakeholder groups including Dorbar Shnongs, various NGOs should be informed about this project as it will greatly assist in the operation of these authorities and in order to maintain and to preserve them.
The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, on the second anniversary of Carrie's death, has decided to honor her with the Hollywood Walk of Fame. but for unavoidable reasons had to be postponed.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 17: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (MDA) has been working with many political parties in the state. the time for it to be fulfilled.
He said that this system of governance should be condemned.
"It means you weren't invited to the party" Linda detailed.
Speaking at a meeting held in Majuli, Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “I have visited the implemented site of Kamalabari to Jorhat to connect with the bridge...according to the understanding of The construction of the bridge will be completed in June
They have planted thousands of trees known as Lin, Snein, Syrum and Soh trees among others.
This is one of the problems faced by the residents of Ri Bhoi from time to time and there are also residents who complain that they have to pay the electricity bill exactly. The electricity supply does not reach the people in Ri Bhoi. In this age of technology, the lack of electricity supply has affected the livelihoods of the people in Ri Bhoi.
When the children of Dkhar fathers give birth to children, they will become children.
The firstborn are like the second parents in the home.
The reporter, who spoke to the passengers of the four buses, said that the arrival of the four buses has helped them to catch vehicles faster but compared to the fare, it has not helped at all and it has become more and more expensive. .
Mack L Marshillong of Green Heart Boxing Club won the title of Best Boxer Boys, Wanlambok Shynret of Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills won the title of Best Boxer Boxer. Girls Bainlumlin L Nongpiur for Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills.
We are witnessing that the people of Meghalaya including students, employees of companies and so on have returned from many states of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD, said that the KSU is deeply saddened by the attack by Assam in Khanapara. Assam has continued its violence in the border areas.
On 15th June, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) had forcibly erected a signboard within the boundary of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong for the purpose of collecting taxes from agricultural vehicles. of the residents of Khanduli.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate and former MLA from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, on 10th June cast his vote for the Legislative Assembly election. .
He said that the party will soon call for talks and reconciliation with both its MLAs, Bah Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
“There are many people who come and deceive you so that they can use you, but if you have a strong foundation it will defeat the intentions of the exploiters,” said Spaindarsing at the confirmation of the KSU Sahsniang Unit on the 29th of this month. moon.
Replying to the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma that the NPP-led government has become a victim of misguidance regarding the signing of the MoU with the Assam government to resolve the six issues. “Dr Mukul as the Leader of the Opposition should speak with responsibility by giving speeches and statements that should not be confusing. to the people of the state.
At the same time, u Bah Kongsit encouraged all the youth to have a spirit of struggle in their studies and to focus on higher jobs to contest the UPSC examinations and others. exam, in which the union also promises to continue to accompany them in their studies at higher levels.
These phensedyl and sugar were handed over to the Custom officials and Meghalaya Police for compliance with the provisions of the law.
“On our part, we have come to request to temporarily suspend the power outage during the examination period which is from November to April,” said the NEHUSU leaders. NEHUSU leaders said that the Minister of Electricity has said that he will try his best to solve this problem faced by the students of the state.
Journalists and those allowed to carry mobile phones have been ordered to put on mobile phone silence mode, prohibited to take pictures inside the polling station. voters may misuse their mobile phones.
On the other hand, meat vendors around East Khasi Hills, today expressed their concern regarding the fear of people to buy meat.
When asked about the number of members in the group, the leader of the Sengbhalang Islam in Jirang, said that at present there are only about 20 to 30 members in the group. it applies to men and women alike.
Mebilda Bareh, 74, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar, was admitted to Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital on 7th June 2021 after testing positive for corona virus.
However, the Trinamool Congress is a new party but the MLAs have recently left the Congress party just because they don't like Bah Vincent Pala as their leader.
The President of the party, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen, said that the shooting death of these two men is a shocking thing that until today the government has not been able to provide a clear report to the public on the shooting. the destruction of the two wicked souls.
We know now that the Israelites lived in peace in a country that grew rich and grew in power and knowledge to science and technology.
Shillong, June 12: The ACHIK on Friday demanded that the year of registration for the implementation of the roster system should be postponed from
Therefore, when there is no Court to judge such an action, then whatever the President does under Article 372 (2) is in force, because there is nothing else to stop it, when the Courts can no longer argue that Clause (3) of Article 372 has been violated by force.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Shabuk Marcus N. Marak, Chairman of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation and Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma, other government officials and other officials. the people of the area.
The program was facilitated by the staff of Mawryngkneng C&RD Block including GS, APO, SBM, BFT, NRLM and EFC (MBMA/MBDA).
According to the government's target, by the end of phase III, the GSWSS will provide up to 135 liters of water per person per day for 5.12 residents.
Meanwhile, the National People's Party (NPP) has elected Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC from Sohryngkham constituency, to contest the mid-term election for the Mawryngkneng Legislative Assembly seat.
Adelbert also expressed his gratitude to the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent, who has taken the initiative to come forward for the cause of the people, while other political parties are watching, but as the office bearers, come and support him today.
He said that by the end of the year the village will be on the UNESCO World Heritage List and it will become the most famous village in Meghalaya. in the future.
“I stand firmly on the foundation of the Congress, to restore independence and to fight against the violation of the rights of the people in all aspects.
It is understood that Violet will contest the 2018 MLA election as the party's candidate from the same constituency.
However, he said the party can cooperate with like-minded parties in the elections, and this will be decided by the party later.
What surprises us as the union and the people is that there were no female policemen when these teachers turned to the Secretariat although we knew that there were female teachers,” said the union.
However, at this time, we should no longer call the leaders but the legislators.
He said that all Muslims have been informed and requested to come out tomorrow 15th of July but he has not yet received an estimate of how many people will attend as there is an Organizing Committee in charge of the event. and he also received information that the committee had informed him.
The incident occurred at 6.40 pm this evening, while hundreds of people were crossing the bridge at Machhu, which divides Morbi town into two parts.
So far he has completed trekking in 15 states.
According to sources, the woman, Sangeeta Sah, was assaulted by her husband after a dispute over household chores.
“On the other hand, the NPP leader said that the turnout of the people in the past few days to support the party candidates during the nomination process shows that The people have confidence in the party and want the NPP to rule alone in the Government.
Members of the union strongly oppose the collection of T.500 to T.3,000 for the testing of those who enter Meghalaya in the name of the corona virus.
“This allegation by Bernard is so serious that the Prime Minister will shoot him dead.
The party's struggle is based on principles and not by deceiving the people with money or anything else, he added.
For more information, please call 8837218829, 9863044375,
This is the rule issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Tuesday.
It is said that this is the first time in Wah Umngot that a rawon has caught up to one fish in a day.
Lyngdoh said the PAC does not agree with the personal decision of former Director of Agriculture Dr L Lyngwa to release T.1.81 crore to the Chennai company Chennai Abattoir. Bah Rishan Rapsang to implement this project.
Consolation prizes will also be awarded to encourage the students.
He said that the PWD North Division also looks after only Mowkaiaw and Raliang Constituencies and these two constituencies are also very close and not too far from Shangpung.
Speaking to media, Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “We demand that the Prime Minister should convene a meeting of all political parties to discuss how much the government has done. I have decided to protect the state because the central government will not introduce the CAB”.
D Hynniewta, MCS, SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, praised the club for organizing this tournament.
Leaders in Meghalaya have expressed their deep sorrow over Patra's announcement to support the NPP candidates and the party will not contest at all.
Furthermore, the residents of West Karbi Anglong, Assam have criticized the Assam Police for knowing only how to collect taxes, but they have not been able to protect the border even after the destruction of government property.
Ardent was speaking at the VPP membership registration meeting in Sohiong in the presence of VPP Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang and more than 1,000 people.
The B.Ed College, which has already completed the building, has become like a street house, but has not yet been opened.
The group was led by Bah YG Lyngdoh, who also gave some words of blessing and encouragement to the father of the family, Bah Arjun Marthong and his two children as well as to the whole family. the family of this woman who died as a result of the natural disaster.
The party also prays that God will be with him and that he will reach the kingdom of heaven.
It was also noticed that even if it is made of dewbilat, it has become slow because there are many parts that fall apart if you don't touch it with your hands.
There are large and well-developed kur lands in Khasi Hills, these will face many difficulties in digitizing the land titles. you don't have much money to withdraw money.
Shillong: Ferlin CA Sangma has won the mid-term elections from Selsella constituency.
The competition will start with a performance of traditional costumes followed by a dance performed by Ribha War Lyngkhoi and the grand finale performed by Chris Kurbah and Naphisa Pala.
Prof Shukla said that since the University has decided to implement the NEP 2020, not a single college affiliated to NEHU has expressed its opposition to the implementation of the NEP. The students also expressed their full support for this decision of the University.
However, after the search of the vehicle, 30 soap packets were recovered from the dashboard of the vehicle, which after testing was found to be heroin.
The injured were taken to Phulburi Hospital by the police.
Prestone said that this is not only in the state, and urged the youth not to misunderstand the speech of Bah Adelbert, and to apply for vacancies. according to the advertisement.
The union also demanded that the Legislative Assembly should immediately find a way to evict the people living in Them Iew Mawlong as this issue has been pending for many years.
“We talked to the MDC only in words to explain to him the need for an ambulance in our village and he was very ready to help us,” said Waheh Shnong Bah Khroo Ksoo.
Count each blessing you have received from them, and appreciate them.
“I believe that this program is only the beginning of many major changes that will be implemented in the future,” said the CM. Asia Sub-Regional Office of Mikiko Tanaka and others.
The two Cabinet meetings of the MDA-II Government, including Health Minister Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh and Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Minister Alexander L Hek, on 26th June They came to meet the President of the VPP, Bah Sirdent Miller Basaiawmoit, who is continuing his protest in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat.
The Government has also paid a certain amount of money as compensation for the land and has agreed to provide the benefits after the improvement of the development projects from the land in the future.
He said that although he was close to Purno A Sangma when he left the Congress to form the NCP, he chose to stay in the Congress.
Nangkiew K.Syiem, IPS, Shillong has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Inspector General of Police (R), Meghalaya, Shillong in place of Darwin M. Sangma, MPS. Darwin M.Sangron, MPS, Shillong has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin in place of Bah Herbert G. Lyngdoh. Spill Thamar, MPS, Shillong has been transferred and appointed as Chief Security Officer, MePDCL Meghalaya, Shillong in place of Bah Nangkiew K Siem, IPS. Pherbak Singh Marwein, MPS, Tura has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Meghalaya, Shillong in place of Bah Vivek Syiem, IPS. Commander, 1 MLP Bn.
The blankets were distributed by the Moodymmai Dorbar Shnong on Saturday in the presence of MDC Jesse Suïam, Waheh Shnong Joseph Pariat and members of the village officials.
In this age when knowledge has ruled the world and when there are many knowledgeable people among the nation, it is no longer the time for stories about Hynniew Trep, U Lumsohpetbneng, Jingkieng Ksiar or Tree to be told. long only Puriscam.
However, these other foreigners have places to go for themselves, that is, to earn within their own state.
To what extent are the existing laws relevant to the present situation? Many questions arise on existing laws and policies such as the Land Transfer Act and Industrial Policy; while the Mining Policy, Community Participation Bill and Tourism Policy have been strongly opposed on the grounds that they do not meet the needs of the indigenous people.
“These incidents are recognized as human rights violations and such incidents are life-threatening and should be stopped immediately and justice should be provided to the victims,” he said.
Therefore, the residents have been directed not to turn to him but to inform the police so that they can arrest him and take all necessary action.
“This water comes from Lum Diengïei and from two rivers, the Um Shillong River and the Nongmadan River,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: In preparation for the smooth running of the election for the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 27th of June, the General Observer on the 14th of June In June 2023, he visited several Polling Stations in the 9th Nongpoh Assembly Constituency.
Furthermore, these leaders said that these 8 villages rely on this river for their livelihood and when the village works come, it doesn't work like when the tragic incidents happen in the villages. and other medicines.
The Lamphang also informed that the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Ministers have expressed their satisfaction with the progress of the construction of the Ïingdorbar.
According to the statement, these FSWs, who have provided all the services and have skilled staff, will promote testing facilities and will also provide training on methods to improve safety in the country. food products.
The Vice President of the HYC, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, has handed over the sword and the flag of the HYC to the Sordar of Wahkhen. prison gate) in which he praised the Sordar of Wahkhen as the heroes and fighters of the country, he said that many of the warriors and fighters like Tirot Singh are from the rural areas. and he gives an example that Tirot Singh was one of the great men who came from the rural areas.
He said that today the State Government has decided that any person who comes to start a business or do business in the State will have to do the following: test will be conducted once every 10 days.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary of FKJGP-WJC and recorded by Bah Stelin Mukhim, Secretary Village of Padu Bah.
The Deputy Chairman of the Council, Bah Alvin K Sawkmie, announced that Bah Lamphrang has won the post of Chairman without any opposition at the election of the new Chairman of the Council held on Monday.
The Procession will start at 1:30 pm and end with the Benediction at Calvary.
The semi final of the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 was held at Lawmali Play Ground, Shillong today. 2023.
This prompted the nurses to protest alleging that there was theft over the conduct of the examination and the examination had to be suspended abruptly.
Then the friends of the standards themselves and the writing room have been given a contract and the food is also catering.” “Ade... until then” said Peter. thousands according to this time," concluded the son. "Who is the writer?" “I heard you say he's from Jaintia,” she asked. “What do you do?” she asked. “I didn't ask you,” said the mother.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong has introduced a bill to increase the pension of MLAs under the Members' Pensions (Amendment) Bill members Salaries & Allowances) (Amendment) Bill 2019.
The incident occurred while AAP MLA Naresh Yadav was celebrating with his supporters in parts of southwest Delhi's Kishangarh village.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, MS Rao, Principal Secretary Home & Police Department, S.Kharlyngdoh Secretary of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. Former DC of West Khasi Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, current DC of West Khasi Hills, MLA HWitting Mawsor, KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai, KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai, K.P. Marbaniang MDC Rambrai, Bah M.Mawsor MDC, Government officials from various departments of the District.
Although this town no longer exists, the traces will remain forever.
The All Meghalaya Traditional Wrestling and Pankring Association (AMTW&PA) has expressed its gratitude to the President and General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) for their blessings. Lorenza Songthiang before she went to compete and gave her support to the Association.
On this basis, the Seng has demanded that the Sahep should upgrade the Key Village Center to a Veterinary Dispensary so that the Veterinary Dispensary can provide better services to the farmers.
“We will follow the guidelines issued by the central government, health experts and we will not allow those people to come from places where there is Coronavirus,” he said.
The Bakhraw of the Raid Nongkrem welcomed the Lyngdoh elected by the Kur and gave him a Khur and a Ryndia, as a sign of confirmation, along with words of blessing.
Marak, (83) and Rongkhon Songgital, West Garo Hills, U Writhson R Marak, (63) and Araimile, West Garo Hills.
The purpose of the organization of various festivals in the state is to promote tourism and attract tourists from all over the world, through festivals and festivals organized by the wealthy. They have the opportunity to showcase their talents whether it is in singing, dancing and so on.
Those who wish to get accurate information on the implementation of government schemes can come to the BDO office during office hours for clarification.
These include EGH: 05, EJH: 08, EKH: 89, NGH: 29, RBD: 65, SGH: 11, SWGH: 12, SWKH: 09, WGH: 70, WJH: 62 and WKH:
Within 24 hours, East Khasi Hills Police have arrested Tarson Lymba from Dawki and Ebakordor Nongpluh from Mawki, Shillong.
Earlier, the Union of Waheh Chnongs had demanded 20 per cent allocation for the Jaintia people in the state and said that in all the years, the Jaintia people have had to fight for the 40 per cent allocation for Khasi-Jaintia, and said that the demand for 20 per cent allocation for Jaintia is reasonable.
Jiu-Jitsu is one of the Brazilian sports that differs from MMA, in which opponents use their strength by fighting. The boys and girls players of Amlarem Block have taken the Chief Minister District Level Open Under-12 Football Tournament
I have spoken, I have warned and I have sat down differently.
We will discuss this issue with the Urban Affairs Department before taking the necessary action,” he said.
for the village itself shall be destroyed.
The winners include Julius Marak, Sistiline Ryntathiang, Banrikmen Lyngdoh and Marme M Sangma.
He said that if the Government of India introduces an amendment to Article 6 in Parliament, it will create seven more constituencies; This means that Mawlai has decided to get another constituency but for now it will be divided into other neighboring constituencies to balance the population.
At the same time, the 100 days employees in their VECs in the villages have complained about the lack of salary even after they have completed their work.
“There are 569 cases today, the situation is not stable and people should protect themselves, because if it increases like this every day it is clear that the state will reach the fourth stage. Hek told reporters that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Sing Mulieh contested his second election in 1988 and 1993 as an independent candidate.
The flag shall not be flown on the same masthead at the same time as other flags.
“This clean and clean water comes from all over the country and the clean water will come again,” he said.
In a letter to Pynshngaiñ, he said that looking back on the past years, what happened in the District Council when the Senior Working President of the UDP, Bindo M Lanong, He said that the party cannot challenge the decision of the MDCs, as the District Council is Autonomous. Body but his fellow MDC from the UDP, Bah Harding Massar, has resigned from the Executive Committee.
On the other hand, the state police said that the HNLC is still a rebel group and therefore anyone who contributes in any way will be brought to justice.
Thep Beit in the lotus BN you are stronger than hell.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: Lion Sports Youth Affairs Cricket Team has won the final of the Open to All Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) in Jowai. This Saturday at the Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium.
About 55% of people who have survived intensive care or ICU treatment have developed mental and emotional disorders, according to a study by researchers. Britain.
In his reply to the House, Libang said nine disputed cases pertaining to ST certificates were placed in front of the scrutiny committee.
Donboklang Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 45+2, 57th minute, Niawkorlang Kyndiah scored one goal from the penalty spot in the 48th minute and Wansiewdor Nengnong in the 82nd minute. Ebormi Buam scored the second goal for Rangdajied United FC in the 25th minute and Sheen Sohktung in the 63rd minute.
There is no reason, no reason to believe the explanations of the police, because they went there in the morning to kill (prima facie case).
The reporter, who visited these places, saw that they have become like human dwellings besides the pollution and overcrowding.
“Do you believe that the Court is not aware of the allocation for the people of Meghalaya?” he asked. reservation, you don't have more than 50%.
He said that for the convenience of the students of Sohkha and surrounding villages, the State Government has set up an MBOSE Examination Center at this school.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday said it has arrested two employees of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) and a Karikor from Guwahati and Silchar. for their involvement in a corruption scandal.
These persons were handed over to the Umkiang PP Police Station by the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Kuliang in the presence of Kong Deiwi Tongper President STIEH.
“I am ready to submit a report on my activities as an MLA in the last five years and I am confident that there will be no politics in the implementation of this position as it belongs to the “For the benefit of the residents,” said Bah Adelbert, adding that there is a need for these Bye Lanes, Sub-lanes, traffic lanes to reduce traffic jam.
They include one person in Shillong Jail, 86 high risk contacts, 31 cases of fever, 5 cases in Shella, 2 cases in Shella, 8 cases from abroad. state, along with others scattered in different parts of Shillong.
However, it has not materialized in the past decade.
Shillong Lajong immediately struck Malki's goal and scored the first goal in the seventh minute.
The influx of commercial vehicles to these places and the sudden appearance of private vehicles during school hours and after school hours to pick up their children is also a time of concern. Traffic jam in some parts of Shillong.
It shall be brought before the State Legislative Assembly for discussion in accordance with the laws, as it shall comply with many Articles of the Constitution of India along with other laws, including the judgments passed by the the Court of Appeal of India.
The School Managing Committee said that the MLA has donated T.2 lakh from the monthly salary of the school for the payment of the salaries of the teachers.
Besides, Panaliar Village has repeatedly reminded the JFEPA, Jowai to renew the NOC but it has not believed.
Before the discovery of this technology, the payment was slow and difficult and took more than 4 months, besides taking time, you had to bring documents and verification.
Who knows tomorrow, those who oppose only now, in the name of economic development and personal gain, will call the village first to dig immediately.
Police have registered a case at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
The speakers of the Dorbar Bah said that it was established in the old days, on the 21st of July 1851, but after a while. On 14th September 2019, the Sanad Sirdarship of Estansing Jana Nongbet was confirmed by the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima.
It is learned that in the past there was a social agreement between the Deputy Commissioner and the army to allow the passage of the bridge, but now they have continued to harass.
The purpose of this tournament is to develop and improve the basketball skills of the students of the area.
Qatar's Chief of Staff Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani has also held a meeting to discuss the issue of the release of the football club from the country. London Manchester United in the hands of the Glazer family, which still owns the club.
He was followed by Leo Hendrick Barkeland, a Belgian who had grown up in the United States in New York.
At this meeting, the teachers will discuss the demands, the election of new office bearers, and other matters to be discussed within the Association.
The sudden passing away of Bah Mitford Ryngksai is a great loss.
It is also surprising that only to develop the people in the border areas and not to be deprived of land in the border areas, the Assam government has a special agenda on how to develop the people in the border areas and They have also taken the initiative to introduce various development schemes, but when they turn to the Meghalaya government, the talks and promises have ended, without being able to implement the works like the Assam government.
In another incident, the BSF seized 37 cows from Hawaitilla, West Jaintia Hills and Jatrakona, South Garo Hills, worth T.7 lakh.
These places where they sell goods should be used for walking, NOT TO SELL SAHUH. cleanse, cleanse and cleanse again.
Tomorrow, Sabahmuswang will play against Demthring at 2.00 pm.
“I (husband) said that he would come home after the end of the Republic Day but it happened that he didn't come home at all,” said Pyngrope.
She also promised and assured the people of the state that the party will use appropriate measures to curb the influx of mynder.
“There are many entrepreneurs who do not need any assistance and I am proud and happy that on behalf of the government we have fought to promote entrepreneurship in the state, and to recognize the groups. They do their own thing so that they can reach the front.
She said that the purpose of this training is to distribute this training which will help the groups so that after the training they can start any small business for the development of the country. than in the field of income.
The weighbridge was closed after a Maruti car (ML04B-5066) and a coal truck (AS01CE-3057) collided.
He was arrested yesterday from Mawblei.
The village also praised the wisdom and knowledge of the DC who has banned the smuggling in the area by enforcing Section 144 CrPC of the government.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall at 3 pm, which lasted for about 10 hours, has caused flooding in various parts of the city.
Meanwhile, she said that the Hindu religious group has sent a letter to the party to hold a yatra and to perform their annual rituals at the place.
Salman's misconduct prompted Lawrence to threaten him saying he could face the same incident as Sidhu Moosewala last year.
The Roberts Hospital must continue its great service and no doubt a hospital founded on love and selflessness will be able to provide valuable service.
Before the meeting, a rally was held at Madan Mawlasnai by the HYC, Raid Nongtung Circle, with the support of the people, youth leaders and women's organizations in the area. When the rally reached Madan Mawlasnai, leaders of other political parties, including HANM, came to support the rally. , HNYF and HITO, in their speech, condemned the government, alleging that the MDA government, is a government that does not care for the welfare and benefit of the people, because even this road is needed. eh public and which can be said to be a border road, but they pretend not to know and do not have that responsibility to maintain it.
This is the time when the prophecies of the prophets were fulfilled, when Jesus entered Jerusalem through the Golden Gate.
This action of the BJP is a threat to the indigenous peoples of the North East, although they have repeatedly expressed their opposition to the bill.
All vehicles coming to the election should park on the road leading to Mynthong.
This is understandable because many of these foreigners who are in the quarantine centers do not know anything about the state and do not know the villages of the state.
Superintendent of Police Lakador Syiem said they received the complaint on the 12th of this month and sent it to the Delhi Police for investigation.
The Mahila Congress has also raised a question to the BJP after Nalin Kohli announced to lift the NGT coal ban within 180 days if the BJP forms a government in the state. , and the recent speech of Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is not aware of the BJP's false promises from the promise to give 15 lakh to all the residents and now he says to give ILP within five minutes.
They also said that although the price of rice has decreased, it is still sufficient compared to previous years.
It will be broadcast live on TV through Doodarshan Center Shillong.
Therefore, the Dorbar Saw Shnong has decided that these four villages will look after and manage the land according to the boundary that has been allocated, which falls under the villages. We have the village law which gives houses and builds houses to those who have built a new house, they cannot build houses and cultivate houses at will without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong in writing.
In the Khasi Hima with different names and within the Jaintia Hima, the system of government was divided into three districts, namely; In the Hima, the Syiem or Lyngdoh and the chiefs were ruled by the Raid/Raij. -the Syiem Raid (called in Ri-Bhoi) or the Dalloi (called in Ri-Pnar) and finally the Rangbah Shnong. the Sordar of the Village, the Matabor, the Minister of the Village or the Waheh Shnong.
On the other hand, Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Nongskhen MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri and Mawkyrwat MDC Carnes Sohshang said that they want Teinwel to stay until the end of the month. He has been elected for five years because he is an experienced and skilled MDC and has held many positions in the Council.
The Medical Superintendent of NEIGHRIMS also informed about the need for 31 stents and 20 balloons to be purchased from Amrit Pharmacy. NEIGHRIMS and require the approval of the Department of Cardiology.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang will wait for 10 days and if the repairs cannot be done, the village will hold a protest by rallying on the 3rd of November.
We would like to meet the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss the decision of the State Legislative Assembly on the ILP subject,” said Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister.
The Expert Committee has been directed to submit its report to the State Government within 12 months.
THE BENEFITS OF EATING SOHMYNKEN.
“However, I would like to clarify that we have no relationship or cooperation with the NDA and the principles of the ethnic parties are completely different from the principles of the NDA,” he said.
Geetika Dayal, ED, TiE Delhi-NCR, said the program is aimed at looking at areas related to how to create job opportunities to help reduce poverty. with Malaria.
The FKJGP leader said that the CEM has acknowledged that the issuance of Challan by Lucy Syiem, the owner of the Khanapara market, to the cow trucks is illegal and has promised to stop it immediately.
According to police, S Chetri and TR Sangma were driving from Nongstoin to Rangsapara on a two wheeler when they were stopped by unidentified robbers at Mynniar village.
He said that there are times when the Presiding Officer has talked in office with the leaders of both the ruling and opposition parties, with the aim of resolving any issues that will bring together all. the manla side doesn't have a part.
The LSC once again invites the football fans of the area to come and witness the match between the two teams and He said that after this match, the tournament will move on to another pre quarter final.
On the 28th July, 2021, a test for high risk contacts who have been in contact with COVID-19 positive cases was conducted at Raj Bhavan. 18 people were confirmed positive on the 24th of this month while 18 people were confirmed positive on the 24th.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 20: The Muktiar of the Khliehriat Bar Association, Bah Kynjanmon Amse, on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. He urged the DC to take immediate action to repair the bridge near Shymplong.
He said that the government should not waste the public money on festivals as it is only a waste of Rs 14 crore from the public money.
“We don't demand an extension but we demand that the government should immediately appoint the students who have passed the DSC,” said T.Mylliem, President of the Association.
And while this helps to fight diseases such as headaches, it can cause or exacerbate arthritis, in which the body fights against itself.
A short meeting was conducted by Bah P.Sohkhlet and speeches were delivered by Bah DL Siangshai, Rev.P.Kharwanlang, Pastor of Sohra Mawsmai District and Bah B.Marbaniang. he sent a Christmas message and offered a special prayer for these children and the entire Home.
Mukhaialong SC and Shilliang Umshong SC won the First Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Friday.
The quarter finals will be held from 19th June to 18th June.
“We have taken this decision to dismiss Islam on the basis of the rules,” said Bah Hahnemann.
On this day, Dr. Mukul Sangma, who campaigned for the election at the venue, was partly surprised by the people, as many of the people arrived at the venue from 12 noon. , but at 4:30 pm, Dr. Mukul Sangma arrived at the scene by helicopter.
Dr Mandaviya said the CCEA has approved to continue the urea subsidy scheme to ensure the availability of urea fertilizer for farmers at the price of T.266.70 per 45 kilos excluding taxes and financial accounting for fertilizers or not.
On the other hand, he strongly condemned the state government for not being able to provide security measures in the area, especially in Block II. “It's a stingy assumption by the state government that the Karbi rebels are also willing to use force against the Khasi even in the hot sun,” he said.
He said that the KHADC, even if these people come to apply, has to look into the law and not just issue the license.
On the other hand, Sumitra alleged that the death of her son was due to something outside the country and it was an incident that was not prepared by anyone to take her life. my son.
Drivers are also advised not to park their vehicles along the road bordering the market.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Government has passed a new law to register and enroll in the National Population Register (NPR) to recognize that all those registered in the NPR are Indian citizens.
Speeches were delivered by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, UDP Working President Titosstarwell Chyne in the presence of Chairman and Deputy CEM of JHADC Finelyness Bareh, Lasky Rymbai and others. others.
The Sanshnong Development Organization has demanded that the government should take immediate action to set up a Border Outpost Police (BOP) in Saba and Mukroh villages so that the residents of these border areas can travel safely.
We all believe that life is more precious than wealth, knowledge and fame.
These Dkhars were handed over to the police for not having proper documents such as Labor License or Work Permit, said KSU Samla V Sohkhlet and FKJGP leaders Bah Edenfield Khonglam.
Participants were from the UK, Switzerland, Ireland and members of the MAA.
Regarding the complaint of ARPA, KHADC Speaker Mansturdy Nongrem said that he has sent it to the Secretary of KHADC to examine the matter and he will look into what to do on the matter. Albinus.
“The Minister of Home Affairs also informed about the need to resolve the signboards at the border as soon as possible and informed that there are areas where the work has not yet started due to differences. He suggested that the state government should talk to those involved so that the work can start as soon as possible,” said the statement.
This Knup is very popular in the whole West although it does not reach the East or Bhoi, from Mawkyrwat to Nongstoin, Riangdo, Eastern West in Mairang and Markasa.
According to the order issued by the DCA, the Governor has found that the KHADC has not followed the proper procedures in publishing this notice in the Gazette of Meghalaya.
Lyngdoh is also the fourth PS of the Seng.
He said that the JACBoM has decided that before starting the talks, there should be peace between the Khasi-Pnar people living on the Karbi Anglong border.
There were also those who said that this man was involved in the attacks.
CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin and CoMSO Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that the volunteers will be accompanied by police personnel.
Dangaitlang Mulieh scored the first goal for Mulang Ialong in the 70+1 minutes.
Throughout the day, about 20 dhots and leaders of the VPP have come to donate blood.
In this regard, ALMCO has worked with foreign companies and has signed an agreement to open up the domestic manufacture of Lower Limb Prosthetic Components and Active Wheel Chairs.
The Center is located in New Shillong and has been built since the time of the previous government.
The bill was passed after a heated debate in the Lok Sabha today after it was introduced by Home Minister Amit Shah.
The tender has already been handed over to the NHIDCL and the tender is almost over but this is more timely because it takes longer to get permission from the Forest Department and also the land for the construction of the road.
The Central Government and the State Government are now on the road to the end,” he added.
In 2004, the Cabinet Committee on Public Grievances headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh (who was the Minister at that time) proposed to implement the by Three Tier Identity Card System.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has slammed the Gandhi family, asking why they are ashamed to take the Nehru clan.
It is the right of the High Court to order the Central Police to patrol the roads of the state to seize the trucks carrying illegal coal.
Without expressing pride in his Church, the Bishop said that the goal of the Church is to save people and to sacrifice themselves for their service.
“Although the elections are still far away and are still seven months away, this shows that the people understand that they have confidence in the UDP,” said Bah Metbah. to judge carefully that this is not a spectacle but a life and death of the people of the region and the state as a whole.
This is an evil thing, but it cannot be removed.
“In the first phase, we have received an allocation of T.180 crore and we have called a tender of T.15 crore.
Dissenting democracy is needed.
The judges course was conducted by Henry Oka, Instructor and special guest Pawan Singh, Director Education Program NRAI and Joint Secretary General, NRAI. About 25 athletes from different states of the country participated in the course. India have come to take part in the 1st C-level NRAI Judges Course.
“He made it clear that he was proud of his ability to respect and establish relationships with people from all states.
However, we don't find anything stingy, but we will continue to conduct an investigation and watch through CCTV cameras, so that all the facts will be revealed and also to arrest those involved.
The police are struggling to arrest the traffickers, and they have been reported through the media, but we must also think of those whom the police have not been able to arrest for various reasons.
Although the evening was cold, this did not dampen the spirits of 3000 young men and women from all over the State who gathered together to showcase their talents. .
“Our growth rate is 8.15% in 2018-1
“Bah Ernest said that they are very grateful to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs who have respected the decision of the people by coming to take part in the swearing-in ceremony. the group of Ministers.
In another development, it was reported that an Indian doctor in Kansas City has begun to investigate whether prayer can cure the coronavirus.
Nongstoiñ, March 25: The KVK office in collaboration with the Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA) has held a training cum exposure visit program on the 25th of this month. KVK-West Khasi Hills with the participation of 52 farmers from Mairang, Mawthadraishan and Nongstoin C&RD Block.
It is also the second time that the team has beaten the world champion in three days and the victories have taken the team to this position in the table. that three victories that 17 price-thong.
Apandanka Marak scored 5/45 runs in 11 overs, and Nagaland were bowled out in the second innings. 92.
Samla Ronald, expressed his satisfaction that the Shnong has been able to elect a Sordar after more than 10 years of getting its own Shnong.
The quarter final will continue on the 10th of November, where Mylliem Lum SC will face Nongmensong SC and Tynring SC will face Nongkseh SC on the 11th. at the SSA Stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Three families have lost their loved ones in the collapse of a tree on the road near Raj Bhavan on Saturday. , in which they also alleged that it was due to the illegal cutting down of trees, which have endangered the people in different parts of the city and on the outskirts of Shillong.
She said how can women go to government hospitals to give birth when the rooms are not enough and the treatment is not enough?
Shillong, July: The Alumni Association of Lady Keane College, Shillong will hold its Annual General Meeting on the 29th July 2022 at 11 am at the Seminar Hall.
The driving of two wheelers on the wrong side is also a threat to those who walk along the road.
The Argentina captain scored 10 goals to lead his team to a 1-0 win over Ecuador, but stopped playing in the second half as Argentina won 3 -0 goal against Bolivia last month with a hamstring injury in the MLS match for Inter Miami. on Thursday in Buenos Aires.
Nongpoh: Since the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the residents of Maikhuli village have protested against the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam. The MoU said that many of the land in Meghalaya and those in Maikhuli village have been forcibly transferred to Assam.
R.Lyngdoh, IAS, has been appointed as the Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, PWD. She has been appointed as the Director of School Education and Literacy and will also hold the post of State Director of Sarva Shisha Abhiyan.
Many master roll employees have alleged that they have not received the revised salary but are still paying the old salary.
When I say Jammu and Kashmir, I include Pakistan Occupied Kashmir and Aksai Chin, which fall within the border of Jammu and Kashmir,” he said.
The BSF chief said that the influx of Bangladeshis on the Indian border in the Umngot River, especially at night, has affected the flow of the river and the level of the ponds has also increased.
In the final match of the day, Nangbah Pohshnong beat Nonglatem 2-1
“We did not go to the place to hold a public hearing or to hold a meeting but we went to investigate the 98 people who have complained to the DC because it is not clear and uncertain.
Why is that, of course you can still find your children, wives, brothers and sisters drinking alcohol because of its smell, which is exactly like taking a pistol or gun and shooting them. Bakhor ki sma beit but remember that no one can find the drug if it happens to a young man, an old man and so on, because there is no drug and at home they are sma beit but outside they don't. tip they have too.
However, in the second set, Swiatek managed to turn the tide by increasing the lead to 3-0 before being equalized 1-0 set All.
The Dorbar Shnong Loomsooiung Newhill on Saturday distributed prizes to the winners of the lucky draw 2023 which has raised funds for the construction of the Dorbar Hall.
They also said that there are more than 1800 challans outstanding for the sale of 16,000 metric tonnes of coal at Domprut, West Khasi Hills District. The 16,000 metric tonnes of coal comes from Domprut, but according to the findings of the people, there are only about 100 tonnes of coal in Domprut. The tender is called for.
“All women under the age of 18 years who have been abused or assaulted by men in various ways whether at home, at work or in the community can come to this center because the purpose “It's a good idea to help women under 18 years old,” said Ms Synnah.
Illegal smuggling of kwai from the border of SWKH continued before being brought and distributed to Shallang.
In Homer's Greek, to say 'fear' is to say 'fear' - "deidimen" () is that feeling 'arta' - the feeling 'two ways'
There is no fear because of this light.
He said that this is the first time he has contested the MLA election but he has never experienced insults.
There is no shortcut to bringing employment opportunities that will be sustainable and resilient with many struggles for our colleagues with disabilities who want to start their own businesses .
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the shops which are still selling plastic should stop within shiphew and after that if found that they are still punishing them according to the the Environmental Protection Act of the Central Government.
Lapang also suggested to the Government of India to correct the names of the poor on the BPL list according to the current situation so that those who are entitled to benefit from it. Shillong, Naitung 26: The State Government has decided to donate T.7.50 lakh to the relatives of the MPCC. government employees who die while on duty in areas of high insurgency.
Shibun said Rahul as party president instead of giving an account of what the Congress government has done in the state, he is trying to mislead the people.
The meeting was attended by AL Hek, Minister of Information and Public Relations, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampa Reen Lyngdoh, Additional Chief Secretary, MHK Marak, Commissioner. and Secretary I&PR along with other government officials and the public.
According to the Budget, the BJP has promised that the Central Government will continue to provide ration for the next five years to 80 crore citizens under the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana. the country will be able to become self-sufficient in the production of dairy, edible oil, and vegetables to protect the poor from price increases.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: Tens of thousands of Dew iong workers from farmers to contractors attended a public meeting at Tyllilang Square in Dkhiah West Jaintia Hills. Khliehriat Petrol Pump East Jaintia Hill to protest against the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban the mining and transportation of coal.
The Railway Ministry of India has banned all passenger trains until 31st October
The vehicle carrying the poor woman, has been stopped for hours at this place due to the lack of access to thousands of rawon and people who are still coming out of the pond after the end of the khwai season. .
The three organizations discussed this at a meeting held at the JCCTA office in Chiehruphi, East Jaintia Hills.
All students are required to follow and observe these warnings.
The Chief Secretary said that the SOPs will be finalized this month.
The football tournament organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) at Tyrsad Stadium in various categories has been successful.
It doesn't matter how much the opposition intimidates but the people should not be afraid.
There are now only these five newspapers in Shillong and several video channels.
The 19-year-old, who is skilled in the top-wicket and used to tied in the middle numbers, has some runs within the scoring range that she needs to score against. Ireland in the group stage and Australia in the semifinals.
At the same time, she said that they have encountered many incidents involving children under the age of 18 who commit illegal acts.
All invitations were also sent online through the amantran () platform and 17,000 e-invitation cards were sent through this platform.
It is believed that Pedro Ponce De Lion, a Spanish Benedictine, was the first to introduce this method of teaching how to speak and tell stories to the disabled.
Its behavior among us who live side by side.
Why slem how are you? Why didn't you send the Regional Committees to the meeting held on 21 November 2021? Of course it would have been better if the CM of Meghalaya had not signed the MoU until he had informed the Legislative Assembly. Assembly) In Meghalaya.
Metallica CC replied by 140 runs for the loss of three wickets in 17.1 overs to win.
Government Minister and NPP candidate for Shillong Parliamentary seat, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has decided to hold a campaign in July this year.
He said that the Hima Nongspung through the Syiem has lodged a complaint against the illegal construction of the road by Assam and also to lodge a complaint with the KHADC to take action against the construction of the road. The union also wants the Hima to take action as soon as possible because the union does not want the area to go to Assam while in fact The land is located in Bakhlapara Village under Nongspung Hima in Meghalaya.
Even after these election victory tricks, there are still fundamentalists to oppose such people's leaders.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the government has convened a meeting with the CEMs of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) on the recommendation of the 15th Finance Commission. part of the implementation of various schemes of the Central Government in the State.
Other songs from the films nominated for the Best Original Song category include Applause (Tell It Like a Woman), Hold My Hand (Top Gun Maverick), Lift Me Up (Black Pather Wakanda Forever). ) bad This is a Life (Everything Everywhere All at Once).
Similarly, in 2020, four workers lost their lives after a mine in Arequipa collapsed without giving any signs to prepare.
Dr. Rosa M. Mawlong, spoke about Thomas Jones, who was born on the 24th of July, 1810, the son of a carpenter from Aberriw, Montgomeryshire, Wales.
“On the other hand, the Minister has once again confirmed that the department will look into this issue especially those schools which have been supported by the Government.
The following are the readings according to the Christian or Catholic Church, published in the 1960 Book of Lynti Bneng.
“What is needed is that the state government should provide the scholarship according to the merit list so that those who are eligible can study and there will be no waste,” he said.
“Government please give us a road” shouted the students and women from the village who also came out to carry placards, because of the problems they have been facing for many years. Members of the HNYF Womens Wing of Umraling Unit have also repaired the road by covering the worst parts of the area.
If these are present in a person, no doubt that person will indeed be a person who has been in that “Cleanliness".
Those signs of the 1000 years John tells us that the two beasts mentioned in chapter 13 will appear first.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Vice-President, East Khasi Hills District Congress Committee, said that only the Congress party can provide governments with a stable and stable governance. five years.
In this regard, the Prime Minister's Social Welfare Package (PMGKP) in which the Insurance Scheme for those COVID-19 employees of the Ministry of Health has been launched from 30.3.2020 which will provide assistance of up to 50 lakh tyngka. , to those who provide health care, including those working in the CHC including those who provide personal care who have to go to the physical therapy of those who have the disease.
The first match of this category will be from Group A between HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, Meghalaya and Sainik School, Tilaiya, Koderma, Jharkhand. The match will be played at Air Force School, Jalahalli at 7 AM (IST).
He said that before the KHADC dorbar, there was a proposal from Bah Pynshngaiñ at the PDF meeting to resign from the post of CEM but at that time he said that all the MDCs of the PDF including These four members refused to accept and said that he should continue until the end of the dorbar.
The HYC leader said that as for those who work in the departments of the State Government, the rent allowance is included in the salary, but the surprising thing is that the rent allowance is included in the salary. The residents of Them Metor will be provided with separate houses.
Another 125 people have recovered from the disease and have been discharged from various hospitals.
“Two and a half months since the outbreak of the conflict in Manipur, evidence of the persecution of the Kuki-Zo has become increasingly clear.
“I appeal to the voters to think about the country and the nation because your one vote saves the nation,” he said.
The London Motor Vehicle Authority has shown that the number of vehicles registered has decreased in recent days, with 18,900 in July and 18,900 in April. 15 thousand taxis revenue.
He said that he will soon hold a meeting to discuss this issue and requested the Deputy Commissioners and District Officers of the department to ensure that the teachers should take responsibility for their responsibilities. burdened on their shoulders.
He said that after receiving a tip, police set up a check gate at Lad Rymbai Datsympein at 5 pm and seized the bus.
On the other hand, Publicity Secretary Samla Platini Mukhim said that the Seng is ready to lend its right hand and left hand to cooperate with the government authorities, village leaders for the cause. well with the future of the nation.
Earlier, Gilbert said that the CEM of KHADC, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC Mylliem, and the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky, have been invited. Nelson Syiem and leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep.
The State Government through the Ministry of Tourism has allocated about T.9 crore to spend on the Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival.
The death toll in England has risen to 7,097 and in the UK to
They said that although many of the people have criticized the Congress party in the past few days, these leaders have congratulated the people and workers of the party who have been involved in the party. They have worked hard to win in all the five constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District and they have a strong hope that all the five candidates will win from Ri-Bhoi District.
Speaking to Rupang, BJP President Khlur Singh Lyngdoh said that the remarks of the Congress leader show that he has no responsibility.
Furthermore, the new bill also exempts prostitution and homosexuality from prosecution.
Not only that, many NGOs in India regard the Tribals in India as Trai Ri.
Speaking to Rupang, the leader of the job seekers, PL Thabah, said that out of the 12 job seekers, 4 of them became ill and were taken to hospital. They returned to the Indoor Stadium, Jingkieng Nongthymmai, but when they reached the place, they fell ill again and their fellow members sent them home.
“We have not misled anyone and these temporary licenses will expire over time, so we have already made it clear that whatever decision we take later we take with the consent of lang of the residents “he said.
This habit of walking has become a millennium without feeling far away like those children going to class.
As one of the objectives to increase agricultural production in the state and food security, the state government will provide 50 percent subsidy for urea fertilizer in the month of July. year 2023.
Shillong, March 06: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) has demanded that the State Government should appoint a commission of inquiry to find out the truth and punish the Police or Magistrates who have the authority to throw bombs. The Meghalaya Government Contract Teachers' Association (MGLPCTA) has turned to the Secretariat on Thursday.
The investigating officer should also keep the name of the informant confidential so that the informant can avoid being harassed,” said the order issued by Dr Manjunatha C, IFS Secretary Mining and Geology. State government.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it. The era or the raibi of the betrayal hasn't ended and it's still inherited until now...I'm just giving suggestions to the legislators. ba la elect da ngi ki paitbah: it's not good at all.
They were also assisted to obtain interest-free loans of up to 25 lakh tyngka to improve their business.
Therefore, these Khasi thlen do not want to eat foreigners because they are afraid that they will lose the elections.
UDP leaders from the state including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and others have already met with BJP leaders in Delhi and discussed the political situation in the state.
The arrested person was identified as Ioobas Dkhar.
Finally, he blessed the center, one of the training centers for the youth, to continue to grow in its activities according to its objectives.
In the past few days, the Seng has also provided food items, clothes and other necessities to these refugees, especially to the Khasi people living in the area.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya on Tuesday celebrated its 10th Anniversary at the party headquarters in Lower Lachumire, Shillong. The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Vice President Prestone Tynsong, Treasurer James Sangma and Meghalaya State Unit President Dr WR Kharlukhi.
I urge the police officers to show their power and to show that the law really lives in our state,” said HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar.
Guwahati: Dozens of political parties will hold a mass protest from 5th November 2016 against the Assam Citizenship (Amendment) Bill , Bangladesh and Pakistan to settle in different states of India.
Shillong: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested three persons involved in drug trafficking at Ialong Park.
Bah Alos Nongpoh, Secretary of TVWPS, said that the government has not turned a blind eye to the organization of the festival. species of birds, while the government is holding other major festivals in the state and requested the government to take action to hold major festivals in the area to preserve and protect these species of birds.
Therefore, the disease often occurs during the rainy season due to eating food that has not been cooked and drinking dirty water or without cooking and it gets worse if it is cooked or cooked. eat with unclean hands without washing properly.
The Government of Meghalaya will do its utmost to meet the needs.
KHNAM has alleged that the presence of the police and army at the place where Bah Adelbert was buried on that day is like the government is intimidating the people.
He said that other shops will be decided after the opening of some of these shops in the market.
He said that police have been deployed to patrol, as well as flying squads to arrest in case of any need or incident.
Jowai, Nailar 08: U Comingone Ymbon, Minister in charge of Civil Defense and Home Guards, today laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of the Raliang Police Out Post to Raliang Police Station. Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, C.Syrti, MPS. The meeting was attended by the residents of the area including parents, mothers and youth. .
More than 1,200 projects capable of producing 4,400 crore liters of ethanol have been approved by the Central Government under this scheme since
On the same day in the evening, the Mawlai Syllaikariah Week was inaugurated by the KSU Mawlai Syllaikariah Unit which started on the 31st of this month. July 2023.
Of course, this is also part of the implementation of the law, but we have to pursue until we find those who drive vehicles/ar wheels and punish them properly.
Nineteen of her close contacts are currently in quarantine.
The teachers sat at the Additional Secretariat Parking Lot from 11 am to 2:30 pm.
Ms Passah praised the promptness of the Seng and the doctors to come and provide assistance to the residents of Moodymmai.
The registration fee per player is 30 tyngka and each team should not exceed 25 players.
Shillong, June 24: After a meeting with the District Election Officer (DEO), Returning Officer and Police Department for the preparation of the election in Sohiong, the Chief Election Officer (CEO) of Sohiong, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that that the preparations for the elections have been going smoothly.
For more information please call No.
Other decisions will be taken at this meeting and all truck owners and drivers are invited to attend the meeting.
Sports facilities and tourist attractions have been built in many places, he said.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The State Government has appointed Ministers and Parliamentary Secretaries of the State Government for the unveiling of the Indian Flag on the 15th July, the Independence Day.
Premi Kyndait (30) and Wanmi Shylla (80+1) scored the second goal for Pateinki Sabah.
However, the supply of bombs, tangmuri and kynshaw to the Lyngdoh Raid was jointly provided by the San Kur Khadwei Kur.
The protest will be held tomorrow in front of the memorial of Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital from 11 am.
New Delhi, July 3 : The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has gained momentum across the country to provide information through activities and to fully implement various welfare schemes launched by the Government of India.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 213 runs in 35 overs for the loss of six wickets. Kitboklang Rangad scored 42 runs off 41 balls and Firstbornson Dkhar scored 43 runs off 45 balls.
Mumbai: The Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC) today said that it has cut down 2,141 trees in Aarey Colony, east of Mumbai, covering an area of ​​33 hectares. The Supreme Court today issued an order banning the logging of trees in the area. The notice was issued by the Supreme Court today.
As Khasi we should be proud that we have the honor in front of the world that we are a special nation that we give birth to women because it is the woman who gave birth and suffered in the womb. tribe Sha you mother.
Another person involved in the murder of this woman is Tengton.
The state has also fallen behind in many sports due to lack of gyms, teachers, assistance and incomplete support for participation in other states and abroad.
It is also prohibited to cross the border or enter India.
When you do that, you don't have to be racist.
The fact is that a personal interview is only required for jobs that require a look at the personality of the candidate.
The deceased was identified as Banshemphang Lyngdoh, 19, of Tiehjyrsieh, New Nongstoin, while the other injured was identified as Nickstar John. Wahlang 19 years old from Upper New Nongstoin.
During the investigation, Manish said he had brought all the pistols from Madhya Pradesh and intended to send them to a member of the Jaggu gang. Bhagwanpura is located in Noida, UP and Punjab.
Rabha, 27, was killed in a clash with Maoist militants in Jharkhand on Friday morning.
The most important tasks that the agriculture department has to do are that the weighing should go through the supervision of the agriculture department, where there should be no struggle for the kilo weight (as usual). and then, we know well, that the synsar, among the traders, has many kinds and the kharkaia himself, he has reduced the rank of the number one, the number two, the number three and so on. it is the coin of the field, which is taken from the farmers.
Tura scored 125/10 in the first innings and beat WJH by 27 runs.
After that, the police removed the lock from the main gate and conducted a patrolling of the office to avoid any incident.
These candidates, including Bah Robert June Kharjahrin and Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, in their speeches to the people, expressed their views and said that if the people will elect them as those leaders to the Lok Sabha, they will work for the benefit of the people and the state as a whole.
The tournament, organized by the Meghalaya Chess Association with the support of the All India Chess Federation, will be exclusively for players from the North East.
The village authorities have also informed the district authorities and after failing to stop the protest, it was decided to close Iawmusiang again.
It has been a great loss for us and we will remember only your beautiful marks and high marks in our college. to my Niakha, who worked hard to support her education.
The way to spread the false news that the workers have received is during the market days when they have time to go shopping at the markets in Umshohphria, Nongkhlaw and Umsaw.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has warned the public to be vigilant against this disease.
At the same time, he said that the FKJGP demands that the Central Government should repeal the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), 1958 not only in Nagaland but in the North Eastern States. .
The Block Office alone cannot monitor this, the DC office alone cannot monitor the implementation of the schemes, but it needs a proper monitoring to ensure that it really benefits those who deserve it. sure and it will be necessary.
The Indian government has told the court that the Ratha Jatra should be held smoothly without allowing the public to participate, saying it is an old custom or belief that has disappeared. bit faithful to prevent.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, has sent an inquiry into the shooting death of Agnes and Amita Sangma at Sohshrieh on 8th November .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Officer In Charge of Lumdiengjri Police Station said that they do not know the name of the suspect and there is a suspicion that he may be a foreigner and that he was killed by robbers.
Fathers from all the provinces of the North East, members of the Salestian attended the funeral.
In the first leg, Arnold Pusein scored the first goal for Rymbai Wahshnong SC in the 29th minute.
According to the Rangbah Dong of Lumkynsai, Bah Krostingwell Nongspung, this happened at 11 pm on the 3rd of November,
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that the suspension of the Shillong Medical College is due to the overcrowding. skills, to invite external teachers among others.
The landslide occurred at 9 AM at Lad Lum Tongseng village before Sunapur, East Jaintia Hills District. The landslide on this road has disrupted the traffic of vehicles coming and going from Shillong, Jowai. , Silchar and other states.
Lack of exercise accelerates the age of a person, diseases are more likely to strike in the body that is too easy and the body does not have the strength to fight diseases.
The schooling of our children should also be peaceful and happy and it is here that we will achieve progress in all aspects.
The victim was identified as Philemon Kharmyn-dai. Before speaking to reporters, Titos said that Philemon Kharmyn-dai was a physician. He was one of the applicants from the party, but could not be included in the list of applicants because his application arrived too late. “We cannot accept her application because it is too late,” said Titos, adding that the application was called seven months ago.
They have seen the situation and the paths they take, they know the facts and they know how we are doing the work.
In the viral video, a young man is seen carrying a fish weighing about 80 kilos (according to the video).
When Tongsoh saw her first husband, she felt sorry for him.
Shillong: U Lt Gen TK Aich, Director General, NCC, on Tuesday visited the NCC Directorate General from the 5th to the 8th of this month.
Panah looked at Rida and said, “Oh why... It's been a long time...” He said. Or now you.
The UDP has elected and nominated its own Kur brother, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, instead of the former Minister of Home Affairs.
Regarding the incident, he said that on the 26th October, 2022, he went to the river with his mother-in-law to bathe, and there were many people there who bathe together, and he There were two boys who were swimming. One of the younger boys knew how to swim, but the other didn't know how to swim but he fell into the water and reached the shore and drowned. He couldn't cry out because the water had filled his mouth, and he saw only his hands, and those who were there saw it and cried out, 'ama to rap...' Furthermore, it was said that the child was When he came to help him, he couldn't because he was too young. Then Ridondor said she was very sorry, she said she had given up, and she took it from her hands and tried to leave. but I didn't know that he was heavy because he was much taller than me.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Disparsing said that he has been searching for information for a long time, but he has only received the information on 7th June this year.
After her mother didn't answer, she left the house and picked up a tree and came back into the house. you are the son.
The office bearers of KSU Kupli Area Circle are President-Balawantei Suchiang, Vice President-Ioannis Manner, General Secretary-Leiki Richard Tyngkan, Assistant GS- Pynshongdor Lapasam, Education Secretary-Akshay Manner, Asst.
The refusal of Home Minister Amit Shah to talk about the ILP, but to announce the railway line to pass through Meghalaya by 2024, has its own purposes.
Similarly, for the AICTE-Saksham Scholarship Scheme for Students with Disabilities, applicants must have enrolled in the first year Degree or Diploma level course or second year of the Degree or Diploma Course through AICTE recognized institutions. Students with a weakness of not more than 40% are eligible to apply for this scheme.
For more information you can visit the Urban Branch office and members of MGSPHSVA can contact the heads of various units or office bearers of the Seng.
It is the responsibility of any speaker to gather further information before delivering any speech especially one organized by the programme.
The Seng said this because the people of Western Bhoi District have faced difficulties in completing the works to Nongpoh due to the distance and the deterioration of the road connecting Umling to Patharkhmah.
“In the release of the recruitment notification, the police department has stipulated that women applicants should run in 7 minutes or less for a distance of 3 km.
It is learned that the Ri Bhoi Police on receiving information about the incident, immediately rushed to the scene with a fire truck to extinguish the blaze.
The Seng has demanded that the PWD department should immediately repair the bridge and urged that the drains should be built along the road so that the water can flow freely and will not damage the bridge. KSU Mawlai Circle General Secretary Samla Rapborlang Nongrum said that the road has been destroyed by the government.
So far, the number of cases has risen to 4,40,215 and the death toll to 14,0
“What we are seeing now is that the central government does not count the states,” he said.
The pre quarter final will be between Mawsiang FC and Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu at 1.00 pm and the final pre quarter final will be between Pasyih Cultural Sports Club and Pateinki Sabah at 3.00 pm.
In the first leg of the tournament, Meghalaya beat Mizoram.
When contacted by Additional Chief Secretary KS Kropha, who was present at the meeting, he confirmed that the social agreement with the ANVC has been extended.
Other sources said that the number of cases of corona virus at the Raj Bhavan in Assam has risen to 70 after 24 new cases were confirmed yesterday.
While issues of law and order have spread to the national news, the system of governance has been severely affected and there is no recognition from around the world and even from the country.
Many of the residents along this road have to eat pum pum, which can affect their health and they cannot even wash their clothes. , from the fire and entered the rooms of the house.
The Minister also informed that discussions have also taken place on finding ways and means to use waste for the generation of electricity.
K Siva Kumar, a DTP employee, bought the electric bike on Tuesday, but the battery burst on Saturday morning and killed him.
In another incident on the 23rd, at about 10 pm, robbers threw stones at an ambulance (ML-06-5907) while it was on its way to Nongstoin Civil Hospital (WKH).
Meanwhile, Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh said that most of the residents in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam have registered their land with the Assam government, as the Assam government has made it easier for the people to register. land, but the people find it difficult to register their land with the state government departments.
He said that the illegal smuggling of sugar has been going on for about six months when the sugar was smuggled from Assam to Bangladesh.
The Government has ordered the members of the HNLC to lay flowers at 8 pm on the 13th of July, but the HNLC has expressed its opposition to this order of the Government. , as the family members have informed the public that the funeral service will be held at 2 pm, and the members of the party who are in Shillong were present at the funeral service. syntiew only family members.
Bah Mukhim said it took him about two months to learn to speak Nongkrem, and to act in the film, in which he has visited many places like Jongksha, Mawkynrew, Mawlyngot to understand their language.
Revelation 13:1-18 / Revelation 6:7
In the past few days, the Karbi have opened fire on one of the residents and injured them in this incident.
The Higher Secondary Section was inaugurated by the District School Education Officer (DSEO), Kong AP Syiem on 10th June at a function held at the school.
However, the MDA1.0 government has not explained to the High Court the problems that will arise from the implementation of the Roster System because according to the Reservation Policy 1972, the Roster System cannot be implemented.
“It was also reported that in the recent recruitment process, the government has recruited more of these government-trained doctors who have applied for vacancies in the state.
Dr.Pakynteiñ doesn't give medicine to those who ask for it, but before he gives medicine to anyone, he looks at the signs of the disease in the Khaw, Sbai and other trees. look to find out the cause of the illness and what kind of medicines he should give related to that illness.
When it was the sun's rays, they went there to get the sun.
Don't listen to those who offer 5,000, 10,000, 15,0
At present, those who benefit from the illegal coal mining and trade in the state are only those people who do not claim to be high level and the people do not benefit from this.
It is because of the government under the leadership of Narendra Modi that our people in this state have also benefited.
Inside the House, opposition members demanded that the government should hand over the inquiry to the CBI on the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents after ANVC(B) Political Affairs Secretary Ajaju Marak. He made a public announcement by alleging that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma has hands with the rebel groups.
Being an independent candidate or MLA also has a great advantage because when you are an independent candidate, you have the right to speak or say anything because there is no restriction on the rules of the party.
When will this Israeli-Palestinian conflict end? At Christmas in Bethlehem there was no room for them in the inns (Lk.2:7); at Christmas Do you still have room for the villagers in your home? The only thing that is needed is that we pray for peace in Bethlehem and throughout Israel-Palestine.
Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh was born on 14th July 1956 in Wahlang, East Khasi Hills District.
This is part of the prayer to God to give the strength to all the leaders of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij to lead and guide their brothers and sisters. that they may receive from God the wisdom and power, with the understanding to maintain and maintain their own religion and customs as it has been established since ancient times. my ancestors.
However, among these things, this nation also has an internal disease and they are slander, slander, slander, involvement in evil deeds such as marijuana and drugs. all these are the diseases that have destroyed the whole nation.
Secretary General Antonio Guterres has demanded the release of the six school children who have been abducted and demanded that steps be taken to strengthen security in the area. border area between Uganda and Congo.
The incident happened on 19th July 2020, when these children went to ring the bell of Chandra's door in the middle of a fight with other children.
When asked whether he would be injected with covid, he said, “Shen shen”.
The Seng is deeply saddened by the plight of the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and urges the market dwellers and the public to cooperate with the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB). ) in order to eliminate these problems.
Shillong: In the struggle to continue to promote participatory governance for the benefit of all the people, the Minister of Forests & Environment, James K. Sangma on 13th November 2021 met with the Naba Bhattacharjee, Morningstar Khongthaw and Nicholas J Kharnami to discuss in detail the development and innovation in the environment, forests and environmental change in Meghalaya as a whole.
The JJM of the Government knows how far it can implement it in order to get this benefit especially in the remote areas.
There was a ceremony in honor of the leader, yesterday, in which 22 guns were fired into the air, as a sign of respect for the leader.
“He said that this visit to the police station was to give a statement on the case registered by the police under many sections of the IPC including the MMPO.
“We have informed the MLA Bah Ronnie about this matter and he has sent us to the PHE, Investigation Branch but the reply we have received is that the PHE department has not received the information. “When we went to the MePDCL office, they informed us that they have already sent the Bill to the PHE department,” said Bah Kharmih.
Shillong: "The time I was with the Congress party was the worst time in my life," said Prestone.
“The road doesn't belong to them but even if it's inside their land, we don't have anything to say but if it's in the right place, the people will walk and stand. “That's why we have come to lodge a complaint,” said Bah Dkhar.
He said that although he is no longer contesting elections, he has a responsibility to develop and help the talented youth in football.
Three minutes later, Smit scored the third goal through Kalbest Pathaw.
In this regard, the Uttar Pradesh Wheelchair Cricket Association (UPWCCA) has also held a selection camp for the Indian cricket team. June 29th through January 1st.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its president, Bah Roykupar Synrem, has strongly condemned the state government and the Minister of Education, for colluding with the He said that they cannot do anything because the examination is conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA).
The High Court said that the police investigating the incident thought it would be appropriate to include the provisions of the UAP Act, 1967 in the complaint. The Prime Minister and other government officials were very angry with the crowd who were assaulted by these three men and others who were involved in the incident.
Prof. Lamare recalled that although the British Government occupied the Jaintia Hills in 1835, the Jaintia King first fought against the French in 1774 which means before the Americans started the War of Independence. of them against the Bilat government.
Shillong: 7,200 youths in Meghalaya will receive training in garment sewing under the 'Samarth' scheme of the Government of India, in collaboration with the Central and State Governments.
Rakkam A Sangma in his speech congratulated the school authorities and teachers who have dedicated themselves to improve the school as it is now to spread education to the children of this area.
At the same time, he said that if the people who used to live from coal, fail to send their children to school after a while after the coal ban, where else do they put the money they earned? many years.
Therefore, regarding these problems which have arisen in this village just because of the post of Rangbah Shnong, the union also demands that the CEM should take action by holding a fresh election. “The Fresh Election should be held by the 10th of November this year,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
Tens of hundreds of people of the constituency witnessed the opening ceremony and had the opportunity to talk to Dr. Mukul Sangma.
If there is no light, you can easily see who is inside and you cannot understand how to avoid or prevent a tragic incident.
Other competitions were also held besides the coin toss.
As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, two leaders of the Hill State movement, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Bah Fuller Lyngdoh were honoured. Mawnai, 16 volunteers of the Hill State Protest were welcomed by the District Administration of Eastern West Khasi Hills District today. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
In a statement, Londoner Sohtun said that the meeting was attended by the President of the party, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Nongstoin MLA, Diosstar Jyndiang, Nongstoin MLA, Samlin Malngiang, Sohiong MDC. and other senior party office bearers from East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
This happened last night after the child died at night.
Speaking to media after leaving the office of the RO, Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Rocky Hek said that the people themselves will judge the works of the MLAs of Pynthorumkhrah constituency. They have not been able to do so in these 25 years, while he has been able to provide assistance to the Dorbar Shnongs for more than 25 years in only four months. There are no MLAs or MDCs in this constituency.
“Even if the slaughter of cows is not banned in this state, it will affect if the BJP bans it in Assam, because the transportation of cows passes through Assam,” said Bah Warlarpih.
The JAC took to the streets carrying placards against the MDA government and welcomed the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma today in Tuber.
However, what has shocked and saddened and condemned everyone is that some robbers who in the middle of the march have bombed and tied up the people.
The SDO (civil) should also establish that if he does not get the environmental clearance from the Pollution Board, he cannot start the work.
Of course, as a nation with many local dilects, we have differences in the pronunciation, we cannot say that even if there are differences in the pronunciation of the names, but the power of their authority is the same.
Besides the four candidates, Dr. Don and Titos, the Secretary of the Election Committee, EKH, Teiñwell Dkhar, MDC and Hamlet Dohling were also present.
“However, if it is too late, we can give good reasons to extend the deadline,” he said.
Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin from the Congress party has passed all the bills without any discussion in the House. District (Allotment, Occupation, or Use) Regulation Bill, 2020, but has rejected the introduction of the amendment.
Earlier, MSOA, Edge 10 and a group from DSYA on 9th November held a similar program at Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills.
Of course we were a little slow to resist but we didn't take it back.
He said that the border should be established with the participation of the government authorities from both the states as well as the central government authorities.
Then they went to a place called Tre Madan Mari to perform the Kñia Syiem Khlam Syiem Dait by sacrificing a pig.
MUPSTA has criticized the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui for saying that the Government cannot increase the deficit of all the 844 Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya.
According to police sources, the incident happened at 5 pm.
The decision was taken after the state government banned mass gatherings at sporting events, and after the MCA members met with the district authorities, East Khasi Hills suspended all sporting events, including The U-23 Inter District Cricket Tournament will be held at Mendipathar and Nongpoh until further notice.
They are very involved and cannot blame or delegate responsibility to others,” he said.
He said that in Jalaphet, there are three churches, Niamtre, Catholic and Presbyterian, and they live in peace and harmony and help each other in life and death. Behdeinkhlam and there has never been any incident as alleged by the Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga.
However, there are others who are fighting for the post of minister and are ready to hand over the post of minister to other MLAs (colleagues) especially that the next two and a half years will also be the time. They will meet again to contest the MLA election in
Nongmengsong, who tied first, scored 212 runs for nine wickets in 45 overs.
Police together with independent witnesses also raided the residence of Marshall Marwein and recovered suspected heroin weighing 0.27 grams. They also said that Londor Lyngdoh Mawlong had given them a place inside his residence with the knowledge of hiding drugs for trafficking.
Kamrup (R) District Joint Director of Health Services Mohitosh Banerjee said that in the past two months, four residents of the area have died after contracting the virus. Hepatitis A. He said that Hepatitis A is a disease spread by the contamination of drinking water.
The reason is that on that day, it is the MDC polling day and so that the people can vote freely, the market has been postponed to that day, said the Minister in charge of the polling station. iew Spring.
What we must remember is that this letter is only a departmental order and as GG Swell himself explained in a message published in the souvenir he published in honor of On the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of Jaintia Hills District in
We also wish all the athletes of the state within the MBA program to achieve the title of outstanding athletes.
The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on Tuesday decided to stop the transportation of petrol and LPG cylinders from Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum. Corporation Limited (HPCL) from 29th November until the Meghalaya Police immediately stopped the movement of tankers.
"If you don't know, you'll get to the end," said the father and the mum mum to the pig that was covered with tyrso. “To seh mei once you have forgiven me, don't remind me again that I am sorry,” said Hiram and threw himself on his plate. "It's my son," added the father.
Not only that, it is also up to the government to work together with the villages to ensure that there is no misuse of the curfew. If necessary, they should consult with the Block or District authorities.
Nartiang: Ampareen (NPP): 10,974 votes Ricky (VPP): 19,346 votes Robert (UDP): 196 votes Vincent (INC): 3,560 votes Lakhon (IND): 770 votes Peter (IND): 326 votes NOTA: 129 votes Jowai: Ampareen (NPP): 8,427 votes Ricky (VPP): 17,699 votes Robert (UDP): 263 votes Vincent (INC): 3,538 votes Lakhon (IND): 669 votes Peter (IND): 222 votes NOTA: 168 votes Raliang ( NPP): 4,829 votes Ricky (VPP): 18,390 votes Robert (UDP): 273 votes Vincent (INC): 2,647 votes Lakhon (IND): 731 votes Peter (IND): 311 votes NOTA: 136 votes Mowkaiaw: Ampareen (NPP) : 4,412 votes Ricky (VPP): 12,272 votes Robert (UDP): 760 votes Vincent (INC): 7,189 votes Lakhon (IND): 591 votes Peter (IND):: 202 votes NOTA: 94 votes Amlarem: Ampareen (NPP): 4,430 votes Ricky (VPP):: 17,425 votes Robert (UDP): 2,163 votes Vincent (INC): 6,353 votes Lakhon (IND): 732 votes Peter (IND): 222 votes NOTE: 131 votes Total Votes until the end of round 6 ha West Jaintia Hills: Ampareen (NPP): 33,072 Ricky (VPP): 85,132 (Leading by 52,060 votes) Robert (UDP): 3,655 Vincent (INC): 23,287 Lakhon (IND): 3,493 Peter (IND): 63 NOTA: 1,28 In East Jaintia Hills, the VPP has the highest number of votes. Khliehriat: Ampareen (NPP): 6,107 Ricky (VPP): 19,578 (Leading) Robert (UDP): 4,224 Vincent (INC): 6,745 Lakhon (IND): : 267 NOTES: 195 Sutnga Saipung Ampareen (NPP): 2,902 Ricky (VPP): 5,458 (Leading ) Robert (UDP): 91 Vincent (INC): 4,633 Lakhon (IND): 233 Peter (IND): 79 NOTES: 43.
Regarding the statement of the Court, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, regarding the deterioration of the roads, said, “The Government will start the cleaning of the road as soon as the rain falls.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84006 out of which 82248 have recovered and 1462 have died.
Ioannis said that the KSU Jowai Circle has already sent a letter to the Project Director of NHAI on 23/09/2021, and has given about 3 months to complete these demands including the installation of street lights. , to repair the highway and to build proper footpaths on the NH6, but this company has ignored the demand of the KSU. “Ka union cannot refuse to close this tollgate because we are sorry that NHAI has ignored our demand and while it has not been able to implement our demand, we will not allow it. I'm going to collect money from this toll plaza," said John.
This law shall apply from the date of its promulgation until further notice.
Nongpoh, Lber 10: The residents of more than six villages in Umtyrnga area, under Pilingkata Police Outpost, Ri Bhoi District, today held a public meeting at Umlathu village, as a strong protest against the incident. to an individual, who was planning to sell a property located in the village.
For the participants from other districts of the state, the weight test will be held on the morning of the 22nd from 8 pm to 10 pm at the venue. .
On the other hand, the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle has vowed that if the NHAI does not immediately repair the road from Mynkre to Ratacherra, Malidor, the union will block the road. Tool Gate Plaza of the NHAI at Lumshnong and the union has given the NHAI only two days to repair the part of the road which has been damaged and causing problems to the passengers.
They said that this incident is part of the process and the people of Meghalaya should understand that they should not touch or shoot or beat the drivers and passengers as our people should Let's go to Assam to have a common understanding and to avoid any differences of opinion and huri hura.
ON THIS MOUNTAIN: This mountain overlooks Mawsynram Village, Malai Sohmat Hima, Um-ngi, WahKynshi, many villages in South West Khasi Hills, agricultural land such as trees, Sohmarit, Sohniamtra trees, synsar, slatyrpad, sohphnat trees, other tree plants, siej and even the villages of Bangladesh.
In the Men's Single Open, Deilangwao Nongpluh beat Ram Najiar 21-09 and 21-1
The semi final tomorrow will be very interesting as they will fight to reach the final.
The soldiers have already lodged a complaint with the Lumshnong and Dawki Police Station.
Jowai, March 23: A woman has died in Ladrymbai after being hit by a vehicle, but no one has come to find her body. Khliehriat CHC. The woman was hit by a 10 wheeler vehicle – in the wheelchair – because she was not able to walk due to the lack of footpath in the village.
The Range Forest Officer of Mairang Range said that the shlem will continue to conduct public awareness programs on many environmental protection laws for the people of the area.
According to the report, there are many households who have not received their bill for many months and many households who have not received their bill for years.
The Eucharist has two parts, one is the Holy Mass and the other is the visitation of the Holy Eucharist.
Lighting King (48kg)2
Regarding this incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Nartiang, Mom Phalangki, said that after the disappearance of the Dolloi of the Elaka since 3rd November last year, his family members have also informed about the incident. to the village leaders where since 14th November, 2020 they have conducted a search for the Dolloi but he has not been found.
Lajong will now have to prepare for their next match against Mohammedan Sporting Club on the 3rd of June at 4 PM. Shillong: There is no noise, no decision and no obstacles that can stop the love between the players. 2 shijur and this happened between 2 friends in Ri-Bhoi, these 2 friends have faced an unheard of problem that the woman has been expelled from the village but their love she couldn’t keep them apart and they still live together today.
The APYC also alleged that the arrest of these 36 persons is due to the failure of the state government to implement the 13 demands put forward by the Pan Arunachal Joint Steering Committee. (PAJSC) – which were promised and approved by the Chief Minister – Pema Khandu at a meeting held on 18th June.
Some transformers have also been affected and people have been sent to check,” said Mondal.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the mid-term MDC elections may take longer as the government is still busy especially at this time. there is no MP election.
If you can serve both the constituencies it would be better and if the Constitution of India allows, I too will contest from two or three constituencies.
The residents have expressed through social media that the authorities in charge of children such as the Child Protection Commission, the Child Line and the Police should not allow these shopkeepers or anyone who spreads the video of these children.
The program was also concluded with the distribution of necessary equipment to those with disabilities and the singing of the National Anthem.
I am also surprised that these fires, whether in the houses or in the houses, happen during the holidays, such as on Sundays or on the days of funerals or Khawai in the villages.
The news has spread and spread and reached the ears of the people of this beloved country where the government has decided to bring in this tree which we know. Palm oil cultivation is known in foreign languages ​​as the “Palm Oil Cultivation” from the north to plant and harvest this beloved country.
The HNLC through its Chairman-cum-C-in-C Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw, has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) through the Advisor ( MHA, Northeast) and AK Mishra to inform of this decision.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Shillong Polytechnic, Shillong, today celebrated its 50th Golden Jubilee. RC Laloo was the chief guest along with other government officials and MLA of the area Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh who is a student at the school.
The Seng has demanded that the PWD department should build and clean the road from the gate of KHADC, Lower Mawprem and Lumkshaid due to the collapse after the installation of the water pipes of the PHE department. It has affected the traffic and color of the people as well as the residents of the village due to the terrible snowfall.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The cows of a farmer's group known as Nongrwai II, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District, have been suspected to have been killed by robbers on Tuesday. .
Demthring scored the two goals through Richard Suting (23') and Spain Ryngkhlem (83').
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today said that the intention behind his department is to support the Meghalaya State Olympic Association to host the Meghalaya Games -20, is to provide an opportunity for talented youngsters to showcase themselves in sports, as part of the preparations for the National Games
Most of the Bangladeshi officials come to India through Assam and from there they migrate to other states in the region.
On the allegation by Bah FS Cajee that Bah Sawkmie has insulted the people of Mawlai, Bah Process said that the people of Mawlai are intelligent and for that reason they have condemned Process to allow Bah Cajee in 2008, because of his excessive misrepresentations, but surprisingly, in only three years, the people have understood the misrepresentations and have voted to defeat him in the 2013 MLA election. .
It is for this reason that Modi has directed all the rich not to take this subsidy so that by not taking the subsidy, they can help the poor.
In fact, we as human beings cannot help but use the resources we can get from nature, such as rocks, trees, soils, herbs, water and many other de item.
It was also found that while walking along the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi especially in public places, the water tank of the road is a garbage dump.
Because as the party that won the most paid elections, the NPP has the right to form a government before the Lat.
These plants have been cultivated in Jaintia Hills as taught since ancient times without any difference except for two plants which have been cultivated in the new era. they grow according to their time.
The Ministry of Sports on Friday, 14th November, held a program to congratulate and encourage the women's team of the Meghalaya Subroto Cup Football Team 17, Saiden Secondary School Nongpoh at MFA Football Ground at 1 pm.
When midnight came, they stood up and shouted for joy.
According to the order, trucks are prohibited from carrying more than the body of the vehicle and to ensure that no stones will fall from the vehicles during the transportation.
In reply, he said, “The financial situation is not bad, but what I am saying is that it will always support us.
A meeting was also held at the end of the Sport Programme.
The new cases include EGH: 4, EJH: 2, EKH: 146, NGH: 3, RBD: 40, SGH: 3, SWGH: 4, SWKH: 35, WGH: 47, WJH: and WKH: 47.
If you want to, you must make the change.
From these three, police also recovered two knives, one large and one small, camouflage uniforms, a motorcycle number ML08-A-8
In order not to affect the applicants, the State Government wants the discussion by the Committee on the Roster System to be completed as soon as possible in July.
“After the Seng observed that the Rangbah Shnong of the Garo within the boundary of the jaidbynriew and our land, we were against and after the Hima confirmed and said She has sent a letter to them not to appoint themselves as Rangbah Shnong because they do not have the right to appoint Rangbah Shnong within the land of our Jaitbynriew.
This issue has already been discussed by the CEM during his inspection of the market in the past few months but these measures or whether the CCTV cameras have been installed including the street lights in the market. place.
Earlier, in an interview with Bah Witting Mawsor, MLA Mawshynrut who is also the Spokesperson and Joint Secretary of the HSPDP, he said that the election of leaders will be considered in the CEC which has about 24 members. He said that there will be a proposal for the names of the leaders who are eligible members of the CEC, and if there is only one candidate, it will be submitted to the General Council to announce his name. The Election Committee of the party shall have 10 voters from one Area Unit or 10 voters from one constituency.
The General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Edmund Khongsya, said that the damage to the signboard has encouraged the authorities from Bangladesh to come to the Khasi Hills. From time to time, members of the party have arrested mynder who have smuggled into the border of India through this border.
The following members were elected as the members of the Working Committee of CoMSO, with Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as Chairman, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem as Vice Chairman and another leader from the All Garo Hills JAC (AGHJAC). Mr. Lamphrang Kharbani, General Secretary.
Remington Pala, Bulletin Director Rtn.
The damage to the environment should first go to the village headmen who are the highest authorities to impose strict penalties and regulations on those who cause damage to the environment.
You should not do anything in this Raid.
In North Garo Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk.
He said that the deceased woman, who had seven children, was buried today while others were injured.
However, it's easier than staying slung in your home, even if it's too late, there's a blessing that we don't lose access to on line services or YouTube channels.
This village is located in Umling Block, Nongpoh Constituency.
Speaker, Dr. Ebenezer War, Medical Superintendent, MCH Jowai, praised the good work of Sarot I Man.
In connection with this incident, the family members of Bah Bobbies have lodged an FIR at Jowai Police Station on the 22nd of this month. Anyone who sees or receives information about him is kindly requested to inform the police or his family members by calling the following numbers: 9856927254/
In response to the recent implementation, the Special Judge’s court on Tuesday refused bail to all six persons accused in the corruption case worth T. 105 crore for the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) in Assam.
On the same day, certificates and awards were also distributed to the students who have achieved high marks in examination and training, sports and others.
Dhunia or Pudina water : Drinking dhunia or Pudina water is a way to lower the body temperature.
In 2014, the party had declared a unilateral ceasefire and decided to suspend its operations and at the same time on the Independence Day of India, the party did not call a curfew. the spirit has been a witness.
This decision was taken by the Cabinet meeting today.
In the second division, Laitkor beat Laitlyngkot 3-2 through a hat trick from Samborwell Mynsong.
They should know and understand that the teachers and students who come to contest the SSLC/HSSLC are not only from Shillong/Jowai/Tura.
However, there was opposition from the civil society groups who demanded to reveal the names of the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheris due to the lack of report.
The group has also accepted and to ensure that, these groups will not sit idly by and tomorrow from 10 am they will conduct a raid from Kongong.
Shillong, Nailur 22: More than 257 Effluent Treatment Plants (ETPs) have been constructed in East Khasi Hills District.
Shongkhiashisha Kharpan won the gold medal at the 2019-20 Meghalaya Games in the Women's Indian Round Individual Event held in Shillong in June
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee in collaboration with the Rural Urban Development Society (KBDC) has celebrated the World Environment Day by planting trees at Pynurkba village, East Jaintia Hills District.
All countries and peoples of the world must obey and follow the orders of the authorities in order to achieve that vision of a new utopia. on earth).
The UN says the death toll will exceed its estimates and says millions of people could die as a result of the war.
Nehru Suting from Pynursla, Lakyntiew Sohklet from Sohra, Mawkynrew from Pynhunlang Nongrum, Mairang from Mairang, Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoin, Gabriel Wahlang from Rambrai Jyrngam, Goldenstar Syiem Nonglang from Ranikor. from Mr. Carnes Sohshang.
Speaking to reporters, RSS leaders said that the distribution of leaflets in the name of the RSS to intimidate Christians and other religions is the act of those who take advantage. The Congress party has decided to win the elections.
Grace will contest against UDP candidate Lutphar Dkhar and NPP candidate Holiwel Khongstid.
In the United States, fish are raised in large farms, such as soybeans, for this purpose.
During those times when I was working in Delhi, Bah Sumar lived with me at MMTC Compound, Hauz Khas.
The names of the low income and poor families will soon be released so that they can benefit,” said Bah Lambor. “I want to see changes and be a supporter of the I will continue to work for the development and peace of the country”.
Meghalaya will also strengthen its electricity production for export to Bangladesh.
Also present on the occasion were the Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, Chancellor of Assam Don Bosco University, Fr.
Prestone Tynsong said that if you look at the speech of these people (Harijan) they claim that they have been here for more than 160 years. “Can you believe, do you agree that they have been here for 160 years? The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state, said that he does not want to say anything, but if they want to fight, let them fight.
Replying to Bah Shullai's statement, Bah Kharkongor said that they have sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong because the District Council Police have been blocked by Bah Shullai.
Sadon, who is also the President of the HNYF, said that the issue will be taken up during the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC which will start in July.
They went straight to the place where they were supposed to go home.
In 2021, Om Prakash Chautala passed Class 12 under the Haryana Board; However, his result was canceled on 5th July 2021, due to failure to complete the English subject in the Class 10 examination and he had to sit for the Class 10 examination again. English subject and to get the result of Class
They said that hundreds of liters of petrol pumps have been lost and when they reach the petrol pumps they have run out of liters and this will affect the people, where the pump owners have to steal from the petrol pumps. meters only to avoid the loss of money, because the Company has refused to pay the burial fee.
?" Bah Let asked first. "O Bah Let, let's go inside the house.
Indian media reported that the attack occurred at 3.30am this morning, involving 12 Mirage 2000 bombers, which struck the militant camps in They destroyed these camps with 1,000 kilograms of bombs.
“PWD officials are striving as soon as possible to complete the repairs of the roads and bridges affected by the cyclone 'Amphan' and after two months the people will be able to use them,” he said.
It is to be recalled that the MCA has conducted a training camp in preparation for the tournament, which started from 25th November to 3rd March in Shillong.
About WEP: WEP is a platform for women-led economic development through self-employment.
According to the Chairman, it seems that our State has been affected by this arrangement.
Food and Civil Supplies Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said that the country's stock of foodgrains is 539 lakh tonnes and therefore there will be no shortage of foodgrains in the coming months.
The school bus was donated by the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund. Bah Enel Wahphlang, Rangbah Shnong Raitong and other elders of the area.
This time it will depend on his knowledge and skills on how to serve his party well and get along well with other members of the District Council.
He said that he and other leaders had demanded at the meeting convened by the prime minister; “The Police Outpost should be set up in Mukroh, not in Barato which is 2KM from Mukroh, as proposed by the government.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRW&LU) CEC Jowai has announced that there will be a meeting of the muster roll workers working in the PHE department (RWS & Electrical) under the Jaintia Hills will be held on the 25th of this month at 10:00 pm at Loomïongkjam Assembly Hall, Jowai.
Hazare said the Modi government's actions are anti-farmer and Hazare has decided to fight against it, while the government has decided to move forward. The President has not yet approved the Ordinance.
They ordered to cut down all the trees of Lapangap.
Members of the HYC left the scene shortly after.
Shillong: After the ban on the use of plastic in Iewduh, Shillong, the Market Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to extend the ban to Sohra Market. effective from 23rd November
Speaking to media on Friday, Conrad said that the railway project in East Khasi Hills and parts of Ri-Bhoi District has been suspended and the government is still in the process of implementing the project. discussions with the Federal Government on this issue.
The candidate who won Marwei from the KHNAM Party was also praised by the Party Members.
The BJP said the previous governments have laid the foundation stone for many projects but these projects are still pending or stalled and just to be opened they have been opened without completion just because of the elections.
Rock said his resignation from the HSPDP is because for 40 years there has been no development as promised and they have been lying.
He also urged the users of social media to verify the source before posting on social media.
Referring to this written, unfounded and false allegation of corruption, the VPP Chief said, “By such statements in the public square, it is an allegation against the honor and dignity of me. He is the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and it can be said that such statements are made with the intention of defaming, defaming and spreading false information to the public”.
Those who have ears to hear do not hear.
Therefore, we want to know who these 158 families are,” said Bah Nongrum.
Shillong, Naitung 28: Five children have been arrested on the 27th of this month at 1:45 pm for stealing guns from the Guard House of the Home Guard. don at MeCOFED Marketing Board, Mawiong.
Shortly after, a phone call was received from the two husbands of the abducted owners, who said that the militants had demanded T.2 crore each. The two coal owners are still in the custody of the insurgents and have not returned home, sources said.
Those who passed the examination include Bah Maxlostine L.Kyllang, Bah Edifresh Kharlukhi and both of them are from Commerce stream.
By providing training to them in various fields such as Tally, Office Work, Driving, Sewing and Beautician, the company works to promote the independence of women in Meghalaya. that they can bring about economic development in the state.
So human life in Sodom and Gomorrah was no different from that of animals.
Even the Mukroh bapli, if they don't go to work, to cultivate, to plant, to plant, to thresh within the boundary of the village, where will they go? Such incidents happen not only in Mukroh but in other places like Khanduli Lapangap.
JOWAI: “We are school children and we need footpaths to avoid any injuries if we walk on the road when we go to school,” said a student of HK Singh. Memorial Secondary School.
At the same time, Kong Ampareen said that the introduction of actors and actresses and election leaders from abroad is an expenditure by the parties who have to give accounts.
“We don't have our own medical school yet, and we have to wait for the trust to send students to medical schools," the report said.
The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, after receiving the request from the villagers, have taken action and recently submitted a letter to the EE of PWD Mairang, to He will talk to the government to turn its attention to the village, by allocating funds for the construction of the road, so that the people can escape from the problems.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah P.Kharbteng said that many cows have been infected with LUMPY SKIN DISEASE. Up to 40 households have come to inform him and there are also those who are still hiding that they have come out to inform that they have this disease.
They were married on 12th June
During those times and in the years 2008-2009, he traveled around the Khasi Jaintia Hills to explain to the public about the issues that are necessary for the people.
The Madrid region has 14,597 cases and 1,825 deaths, or 53 percent of the country's total.
When asked about the areas that will get new blocks, Prestone Tynsong said that it is not yet possible to say which areas will get new blocks as the government has yet to consider.
According to the foreigner, Pranab Kalita, he left Nalbari after being invited by a man from Meghalaya. He came in commercial vehicles from Assam, but from Khanapara to Byrnihat he came in another vehicle and the vehicle he was riding in did not enter through the Screening Center on 13th March. and you can auto rickshaw.
He promised to take action on this road, as the road is very important especially that from the lower villages there are many agricultural products.
However, these prime ministers have only met once that the work has stopped without reaching anywhere.
Sahil’s brother told that some people had entered inside her house and went to check on them, her mother shouted for help saying that the robbers had entered in their home.
As the days went by, the British Government became stronger than other small Himas and until the 1830s, the British Government came to Ri Khasi (an independent country under the rule of under the leadership of David Scott to march to Sylhet (Bangladesh).
Not only that, Bah Syiem, said that Mukul Sangma, has also introduced an ordinance, regarding the village administration, which is not in line with the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. He said that Mukul Sangma, at that time, did not appeal against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to the Supreme Court on the rules on Rangbah Shnong.
Regarding this tragic disaster, the union demands that MeECL should provide assistance to this family, which has suffered this tragic disaster and if the electricity department does not shimkhia, on the other hand, the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures.
Here we must understand that there is something – something horrifyingly wicked behind us, so we are just lying.
Two BJP MLAs, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, will meet with the MDA and will also meet with the BJP leaders as party officials. Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday evening, has admitted that he has extended the appointment without delay. on your vacation.
Brightstarwell said that the NTA strongly condemns the NTA's actions and has already raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly. It is already understood that the conduct of this examination will affect the youth of the state.
One of the expressions of love is kindness.
However, this year, as soon as the curfew began, the price of mur has increased every day and every month.
“Yes, I don't have it and it's not illegal if I have it,” he replied.
Shillong, Nailar 16: A Bolero belonging to a Range Officer of the Forest Department in Nongpoh has been set on fire by robbers at about 2 pm this morning.
Shillong, March 30 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday launched a special ambulance for the residents of Pynursla constituency.
Those interested may contact the Additional District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Shri.P.Kr Boro, MCS, at Room 120 (First Floor) from 25.11.2022 to not long three offices.
The funeral service will be held on the 29th December 2020 at 1:00 pm at the Umsyiem Presbyterian Church.
Therefore, he said that unfortunately, according to the Officer In-charge, no one has lodged a complaint against those who have been robbed or extorted money. The police department has been investigating whether such incidents are true or not because even the people are afraid to come forward to complain if they are robbed or robbed of shops.
The Rangbah Shnong, who is also the Chairman of the VEC, has been accused of misusing the rights of the people under the 100 days bill scheme and of ruling by force without convening a meeting or Dorbar for the past three years.
The photographs showed the soldiers, whose hands were tied behind their backs, and some of them were injured in the escape from the planes.
Shillong, June 4: The BJP has said that it was the Congress government that introduced the Aadhar Bill in Parliament, but it is surprising why the two Congress-ruled states, Meghalaya and Assam, have not implemented the Aadhar Bill. Aadhar is the smallest.
“If we as meat farmers get a permit to buy cows as meat farmers, do you think the Assam government will allow us?” asked Bah Generous.
The Durga Puja festival has also become a festival in which all religions can come and go to visit the pandals from one pandal to another.
The largest allocation in this budget is for the Civil Works and Development Department at T.7.20 crore.
At the same time, he said that the government has released the money to pay the land owners who have already provided the land to the relevant departments.
He allegedly threatened to cut her with a knife from her neck.
At Chandmari Ground in Tura, Chipakkore scored four goals in the first minute but Balkan Marak (18, 47, 63, 65) and Harlee K Marak (18, 47, 63, 65) scored four goals. 13, 84), Ranggira R Marak (80, 90) and Johnfield A Sangma (47).
The completed building is environmentally friendly and has all the modern facilities.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The National People's Party (NPP) has demanded the release of all the students arrested on charges of assaulting government employees at the DC office in Tura during the They did not protest against Garo State.
Heavy Motor Vehicles (HMVs) and Medium Vehicles from other districts such as West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through Mawryngkneng. through the Shillong Bypass.
The Hima has also prepared a traditional market where the people will not have to worry about food and drink when they come to celebrate this day. V Lyngdoh Minister in charge of Culture and Tradition, Bah Kennedy Khyriem Parliamentary Secretary, Tourism, MLAs, MDCs, Government Officers, Para Syiems and Lyngdohs from other Himas.
“You're right.
“As the Union has already sent letters to 60 MLAs, you (MLAs) too have to take responsibility in your constituencies because those who suffer are your people.
Let the understanding of the NOW of the FUTURE of the heritage to grow income change over time.
In the fourth match, Mawlynrei SC beat Lumpyngngad SC 3-2. Kerry John Marboh scored two goals (61 & 67) for Mawlynrei SC. the Kyrsian Herald (4).
According to the survey, T.87, 07 890 tyngka has been sent to the government but the government has allocated only T.76, 39,1 tyngka (Ninety-seven thousand three hundred and nine thousand one hundred and fifty-four tyngka).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hek said that the state has been celebrating this day on the 11th of November every year since 1989, as a program to raise awareness among the people on the needs of the people. people such as the need for family planning or family vision, to address poverty, good health and other needs.
Speaking to media, Kharlyngdoh said, “We have followed up on the complaint lodged at Mawlai Police station. as if the thief shall be investigated by the thief himself".
It was observed that the reason for the anxiety is because when they go to the election meeting they expect to get everything from daily expenses, car expenses, food expenses, especially when there are candidates and parties who use money.
The budget for the construction of this road has come through the New Development Bank at a cost of T.17.6375 crore.
Shillong, July 18: The sellers of kyiad phareng in Iewduh have complained about the condition of the market in these days, and the market has declined suddenly after the ban on coal in the state. .
Trinity Saioo said that the project was started in 2011 and implemented in 2014 for the production of Umphiang from Lakadong shynrai. The equipment ranging from water to clean the shynrai, lyngkhit cutting machines, cleaning machines, tyllait machines, oil conversion machines and other equipment, but all these have been used up because No one has known how to use these machines for seven years and at present many of these machines are not known whether they are still available for use.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of JACMSC, Bah H.Rumnong, said that several contractors of the state have been able to deliver the equipment from the JACMSC. The Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) has recently issued an order to remove the part of these contractors from the state.
Custom:At the funeral, the Khasi slaughters a pig to eat.
These days, we have been experiencing a different temperature than last year.
However, the livelihood of the farmers is very difficult due to the lack of a policy by the Government to look after the problems and benefits of the farmers in the state as a whole.
“The three states include Goa, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand.
On Saturday, the public will be released for 3 or 4 hours.
Surprisingly, within two years, in 1986, the state government, with the consent of the Governor, abolished the project.
“At one of the largest churches, it was said from the pulpit, that two candidates, including the MDC, were congratulated for donating money to build a pandal, the other for helping. “What is worse is that the church also encourages the people to take money during the elections.
On the signing of the MoU, Conrad said that in the past five years, there have been 40 meetings between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya without discussing a personal meeting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the four candidates who lost their tickets said that they will give their full support to the party candidate Bah Anthony Kongwang.
Now she has reached the point of prostitution and in the prostitution market there is a terrible struggle to be famous and to improve her body and it is difficult for Gomer to compete with others who are still prostitutes. It went completely to the bottom of the pyrnon and ended at the Iew Die Mraw.
He said that among these projects, only the improvement of the parking lot, the construction of the Commercial Complex at Polo have not been completed. live in it.
A Panel Discussion on the topic, “Technology and Languages ​​through Bhartiya Bhasha.
The District Council may build markets with the approval of the Hima Mylliem and the Village Leaders.
Whom shall we blame for this, when they were circumcised from birth? Because of the custom, from birth, boys were not distinguished from girls, and thus they grew up as expected! What good is it to say that we are a nation that is not united or that our leaders are thankful?
The KSU Bangalore Unit has followed up on the demand of the KSU Bangalore Unit to build a Meghalaya House in Bangalore and the Meghalaya government in June 2018, through the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. construction of the building will be completed in March
Travel allowance is only for traveling abroad to participate in Committees and after the approval of the Prime Minister or the Minister in charge of their department.
In this covid19 2020-2021, hundreds and tens of thousands of people have become poor because they have lost their jobs and been laid off, while tens of thousands of people have suddenly increased their wealth because they have not been able to commit corruption. , to deceive and lie in the name of the disease.
“But you know that we have followed the rules and regulations and there has been no exception and if the Prime Minister says there is nothing, James said, “But you know that we have followed the rules and regulations. In the report, we have to believe that there is nothing because it is an investigation headed by a retired Justice of the High Court”.
“I entered not to enrich myself but the foundation that led me to politics to become rich and it is because of the foundation that I won the election and I will not leave life just for the sake of elections," he added.
Guwahati: Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi today slammed the BJP over the price hike of petrol and diesel.
You must be in the forest.
These Grade IV students have decided to stay in the village day and night until they receive a reply from the government that it has appointed all 42 students.
If we turn to the words expressed by the Seng leaders in India, it will surprise those who judge, but these are the legislators of India.
The makeup artist is Sona Wahlang and the song is composed and produced by Shaining Lawriniang.
“Responding to the recent announcement by the MLA of Mawlai Constituency to allocate Rs 6 crore less than the MLA Scheme for the construction of roads in the villages of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Tynsong said, “ 6 crore will be allocated to the MLA scheme.
“I cannot say anything right now, because it is not in our power, but all we can do is send our suggestions and it will be up to the AICC to take any decision on the this part," he added.
In the afternoon, a procession was held in which the people of the country took part with enthusiasm even in the midst of the natural disasters.
“It is a difficult job to be a leader but because I love the service and the people I am happy to fulfill my duty no matter how difficult it is,” said Bah Martle.
The President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) Dr. DRL Nonglait in an interview with the media after the meeting with the Prime Minister said, “The delay of the Khasi language in entering the Khyrnit The reason for the violation of the Constitution is due to the negligence and stinginess of the State Government to address this issue which has been going on for more than 40 years.
From the start of the match, Demthring struggled to score the first goal through Olanroi Suting in the 4th minute.
Finally, the ceremony was concluded with the signing of a memorandum of understanding between the Kongwasan Ka Raij Chyrmang on behalf of the Soo Langdoh and the Dolloi of Jowai District.
“When coal mining is banned, coal burning factories should also be banned.
These schemes are for the welfare of farmers by promoting sustainable agriculture.
The establishment of 23 National Centers of Excellence (NCOEs), 69 SAI centers and 1,075 training centers of Khelo India are India's goals for the development and shaping of the future of Khelo India. country in the sports industry.
This is according to a statement sent by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He said it would be difficult to speak in detail without seeing the draft before it is published.
The functioning of District Councils depends on the budget but the budget is managed by a foreigner.
This lack of responsibility of the government, negligence, and lack of care, has led to Assam to steal, steal and destroy land from time to time for lack of supervision.
In this regard, it has been a huge loss due to the unseasonal rainfall along with the cold weather as all the crops have been destroyed.
On this occasion, the ABVP also prays for the family members of this great man and hopes that the youth of the country will be encouraged to follow his good example, courage and selflessness. for the Ri.
Bah Kharbhih suggested to the leaders of the committee that they should talk to Dr Laloo on this issue as it is the responsibility of the government.
Throughout the day, besides the march to carry flags and slogans to condemn the robber who took the life of the young woman, a Mombati lighting ceremony was also held in memory of the lost young woman. Prayers for the soul of this young woman have been prayed for.
Rev. Samuel Myrphet took the oath of office to the 61 youths who completed the training and at the same time urged them to be brave, trusting in God, honest and stand firm on the foundation.
The HITO has been complained against for having members dressed in blue and carrying walkie talkies when holding meetings and marches.
He said that as the Ïewduh falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem and District Council and also there are areas under the jurisdiction of the Municipal. There are ways and means to cleanse and purify it because the appearance of the tree as it is now is unhealthy.
The Cash Award Scheme is for athletes and coaches of Meghalaya who have won medals in sports categories in state, regional, national or international events.
Regarding the illegal collection of taxes, the Minister said that tax collection does not take place within the border of Meghalaya as the state has recognized synsar as an agricultural commodity.
The victim was identified as Bah Roning Nongkynrih of Jalynteng village, Nongkynrih.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC became the first team to reach the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the SSA Stadium. Lajong FC won 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Sarot I Man, one of the groups from Jowai on Sunday visited Umlangshor village, Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that after seeking accurate information from the State Government and through discussions between the DGP, Chief Secretary and the Government authorities in Bihar, it was an incident that was only The incident occurred when the two men went to a place farther away from Patna to visit the Mission in the area.
However, recently another federation known as the Meghalaya State Karate Do Federation (MSKDF) has emerged under the leadership of Donny Raphael Ranee as President.
That you will go to hell just for being angry with me then it is better to avoid.
She said that students should not be ashamed to talk about the evils of drugs or alcohol, students should strengthen their friendship to avoid these evils.
“There are 10 lions better than 100 donkeys, so we need a courageous spirit,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: 71-year-old Kmoin Wahlang from Sngimawlein, Mawkyrwat has finished 89th out of 520 women who took part in the Tata Mumbai Marathon. which is yesterday.
Let us be proud that even during the elections, the ideas of the jutang have been turned around.
This is the message that leads us to how to understand the shyieng krung in the long kha long man.
“Furthermore, the party candidate has received the love and trust of the people of the constituency, he said that the people also expect that when he wins, he will do the best for them. .
“Out of the allocation of T.2.5 crore for the year 2022-23, work orders have been prepared for the construction of schools, community halls, roads. “It's a good idea to go to the tourist attractions,” said Bah Pius.
The family of Bah Phran and Kong Rep has started to grow since Banrilang got a job.
MUPSTA said that in a meeting with the Commissioner of Finance at the Secretariat on 17th November 2021 to consult on its demands, it alleged that the reply given by him was unsatisfactory. If he approves or signs all the proposals that come to his desk, the Meghalaya government will go bankrupt.
Two children were born, stone and earth.
After the meeting, they said that the Minister of Urban Affairs has promised them that the government will soon issue a notice to free the people from the problem that they no longer need to pay money to get the land. Occupancy Certificate.
The Congress party also alleged that the BJP received money to issue these advertisements from the businessmen who worked with them and said that this was the money, which was stolen by the people who robbed them. and those who have managed to flee India because of their corruption.
There are 28,174 students who will sit for the HSSLC examination 2022 including Arts Stream, Science Stream, Commerce Stream and Vocational.
And it is more likely that for ST and SC it will not work.
The United States is a cosmopolitan country (with all the nations of the world), but there are no children.
A house can be defined by the people who live in it, not by the objects that populate it.
The Assistant Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HFU Central Body, Bah Kit and Bah Nick, have been handed over to the Assistant Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HFU Central Body.
He said that in order to protect the fish in the Tyrsung River, the NPAA members patrol the river from November to June, so that those who take advantage of the bombs, They shall not be able to destroy it.
DH Sumer General Secretary FKJGP Khliehriat, said that the FKJGP is concerned about the importation of plastic waste from abroad and the collection of plastic waste without finding it. the health of man.
“We are sorry that it has affected the people since it stopped working.
Professor Singh also spoke on the NEP 2020 and the four mantras of the NEP, which is to transform India into an education hub of the world and also to develop as a country of education. powerful in the field of technology.
A new road will also be constructed from the NEFA Secretariat to the Military Hospital to reduce traffic jam at Anjali Point.
The Recurve Division team will leave the city on the 9th.
In a statement, Bah Auguster Jyrwa, who is also the Co Convener of the committee, recalled the meeting held by the Samaritan Action for Social Transformation (SAST) in November 2015 at PCI (Presbyterian). Shillong, in which they unanimously agreed to continue and monitor the discussion on Aadhaar.
Zenith said the committee has summoned the officers in charge of the department and they have promised to recover the lost money and have given them three months to complete the process. task.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has made it clear that the National Education Policy (NEP) should move forward and said that the State Government is ready to talk to the colleges which are facing difficulties. implement anything that will solve the problem.
According to reports, Ukrainian citizens will hold a special prayer for the country and peace in the country on Thursday.
Speaking to media, the President of the NPP Womens Wing, Kong Probity Nongpluh said, “We strongly condemn the incident on the 24th against the Chief Minister of our state.
Shillong, Nailur 03: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has strongly condemned the decision of the state government to summon Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). progress of peace talks.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 32nd Anniversary of St. George Secondary School Nongmensong, Children's Day, the birthday of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, was also celebrated. the first Prime Minister of India.
For South Tura, no candidates filed their nomination papers yesterday and those in the race are Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister, who is contesting on the NPP ticket and Charlotte W Momin, candidate of NPP. the Congress party.
“The President of MSSASA said that the organizers have urged the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma on the 23rd of this month to take action on the proposal to implement the Ubi-Attendance App. .
Ma Apmon Pachiang said that despite the high costs, the festival will continue from 17th November, 2022 to 1st July
“If education doesn't reach our young children, I am happy to say that the nation will decline day by day,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by Mr. Niman N Shadap, Director, Khasi Indigenous Foundation.
According to Notification No.PW/Admin/39/2015/144 and No.PW/Admin/39/2015/144-A, the PWD Department has received the approval from the Governor to relocate and rename the Head Quarter of PWD. PWD Roads, North Jowai Division.
Sohra 121.3Sohra RKM 190.4Mawsynram 202.2Amlarem ARG 278.0Khilirat 120.8Mawkyrwat 42.0Jowai 123.8Williamnagar 5.0Barapani 21.4Maw20.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the Academic Council of NEHU held on Friday at NEHU. part of the Four Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP).
Not only does he read all day long but he also loves to play football and cricket.
The new office bearers of Rotary Club Jowai for the 2021-22 season under the leadership of President Rtn.
The day laborers have come to the office on the grounds that they have not received their honorarium from the government for the remaining 6 months from April-September
It is to be recalled that the JSU leader started his career from the Kiang Nangbah Government College Student Union and has taken up many issues which have benefited the students.
However, the family members immediately informed the ASHA who immediately informed the CHC and an ambulance was sent to take her to the hospital in time. survive.
Spraying with water treated with shun and kyndok reduces not only the following diseases: brown blight (colletotrichum Camialliae), gray blight (Pestalozzia theae), and blister blight (Exdea idium). rexans), but also kills the red spider Phytopus carinatus & Tetronychus bioculotus. ) obstructive, and (4) drying.
The suspect is about 40-45 years old, 5.4 feet tall, slim and wearing a gray T shirt, dark blue jacket, stem pants and no shoes. slippers.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, BDR Tiwari, welcomed them on behalf of the Governor, Brig.
“This will be a message to the Government of India that we firmly demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule,” he said. to the Central Government so that this issue can be resolved.
In connection with this incident, the police are conducting investigation to track down the robbers. As of now, no evidence has been found against the robbers.
Gabriel Wahlang with 13,847 votes won the election with 2624 votes while Macmillan Byrsat with 11,223 votes won the election. two.
His wife, on the other hand, was a very rich woman, and she had eaten a lot of bread.
The Dorbar Shnong would like to say that it has no objection or bias towards any party or any candidate or to misrepresent anyone, but it speaks exactly the truth as it is.
The neoliberal era in which we live today is also filled with hatred, violence and murder.
He said that poverty should not be allowed to prevent them from achieving success in their studies and to be close to God to escape evil.
On the other hand, NEHUTA has protested on the grounds that there have been irregularities in the management of the university and that there has been no meeting in the last three years.
On the 90:10 share between the North Eastern States and the Central Government, he said that this issue has been discussed with the Chief Ministers of the States, where the Central Government is honored to maintain this. Special attention to the states of this region.
On the other hand, HITO has raised a question to the JHADC where the money is spent, while the employees of the district council have not received their salaries for 11 months and urged the CEM, EMs and officers to They shall not commit such acts that disgrace the District Council.
The government has clarified that this is just false and misleading news.
“His body was found yesterday and all the necessary measures were taken.
When asked about the cut-off year for the implementation of the roster, the former Umroi MLA said, “There are two types of departments, one in which we find that the information has been wrong. processed – meaning, after everything has been processed irrespective of past recruitments, everything will be done from the date the branch is ready to process the roster.
The strike came after the state government failed to inform JACATAM about the promise of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the House recently to increase the salary of all Adhoc teachers in the state by 100 percent. primary and upper primary schools.
Shillong: U BJP MLA AL Hek on Tuesday said that all the BJP leaders across the state have alleged that the party's failure to grow is due to the actions of President Ernest Mawrie.
He explained that there will be no collision between one building and another during the passage of buses.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, Minister of State for Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, has been awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Award. The Union Minister of State for Social Justice, Ramdas Athawale at a meeting held at the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar Mantar, New Delhi in the presence of senior officials and dignitaries from the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar Mantar, New Delhi. all over India.
The CAG report said that in the last five years from 2007-2012, the Board's expenditure on office work has increased to 73 percent, which is in line with the department's directive to reduce expenditure. .
Through the presence of this program in the village, it has helped to raise awareness among the parents about the value of parents and their responsibility in the education of their children.
From the Minister of Education to the Ministry of Education as a whole, they should work hard to revive the education system from the shadows of the flood.
All vehicles attending the service are requested to wear white flags to make it easier for the volunteers to drive the vehicles, said Fr. Ebormitre H Lamare, Media In-Charge, Jowai Diocese.
Declan Rice made his debut for Arsenal.
The people have understood the decision of the EC of Bah Pyniaid + Pynshai = Syiem2
The source said that the child left home on Sunday to go to collect khaw kham (Khaw Balang) and later went to the house of her mother-in-law in this village.
The purpose of this is to reduce traffic jam in the city.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Shemphang reminded that the KSU Sengkmie has recently launched the Maitshaphrang Khasi League T20 Cricket Tournament. After meeting with the members of the SCA and MCA, the SCA and MCA said that when there are sports at the national level, there are no Khasi children who have been represented by Meghalaya. For those who are not Khasi, the answer that the organization has received is the lack of attention of Khasi children to attend special education courses.
The meeting was attended by Bah Franklin Mawrie, Rangbah Shnong, ASHAs, Aganwadi workers, members of HANM New Shillong Circle, President of HANM Lamphrang Kharbani and others to discuss how to curb the spread of HANM. you are infected with COVID-1
As part of the commemoration of the passing away of Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, the Seng Khasi College, Jaïaw has held a condolence meeting on the morning of the 8th June, The meeting held a moment of silence as a sign of respect for Rangbah and to pray for his soul.
Kolkata: A sample of the monkeypox virus has been taken and sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in Pune for testing. Kolkata has confirmed the outbreak of monkey pox in parts of Kolkata.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya, Shillong on Thursday held a State Level meeting for the release of the Special Summary Revision of Photo Election. 01/01/2024 as the qualifying date for those who have reached the age of 18 years.
These households have been affected by the COVID-19 lockdown.
West Khasi Hills came fourth after winning only one gold medal.
At present, it has been decided that the government can no longer clean up the streets from the infiltration of market vendors, as the court itself has already punished them.
Langmi Bamon and Redolanroy Shylla of Ummulong took two wickets each in four overs.
The joint committee urges all the residents of Mawlai village to come out for this event which is life and death and affects the dignity of Mawlai village as a whole. it shall be called a Slum or a Homeless Village.
The disruption of peace and order in Shillong has suddenly broken out since the evening of the 22nd of this month after the Assam Police shot dead four residents of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
GK Ìangrai said he is ready to cooperate with the investigation teams of the police department to find out the facts as he is not yet a convicted person but the statements are still pending in the court. take action against them u.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh, while the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh along with trophies and others. of private awards.
The Sports Department of the State Government has honored the State Football Team which came second in the 76th National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy 2022-23, which ended recently in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Arabia.
The BDO said he has prepared a report to submit to the district administration for a final decision.
When he was in the hands of the robbers, he said that Ricky said that they didn't shoot or hurt him at all.
This was stated by Basu Chakravorty, BJP spokesperson from Meghalaya.
Gambril said that on that day, he had left home to take medicine for his nine-month-old daughter who was suffering from fever, but when he arrived at Patharkhmah CHC, no one was there. and thou shalt not come out, when thou hast shut the door.
The word 'phalang' means the memories of the poet of those events which have made him sad and sick in his life.
The party led by Ramdas Athawale as National President has nominated two women candidates including Sareni Ch.
In the first leg, Maitshaphrang Mootyrshiah beat Pateinki Sabah 1-0 with Raymon Sten scoring the first goal in the 73rd minute.
Gordon-Bhagyakul Village in Laitumkhrah to Lum Tngen Jai, Wahliewlong (N) to Mawlaisyiem Village, Nobosohphoh Syiemship, Mawlaisyiem Village (M) to Mawlaisyiem Village Myriaw Princess".
“I appeal to the teachers to cooperate with the government, we know their problem, but the problem is that the central government has not released the money,” said Bah Lahkmen. School teachers today at a meeting at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The Congress candidate won in this case too.
In East Khasi Hills, the highest number of cases have been reported from abroad with 33 cases, Nongrim Road with 7 cases and Nongmynsong Lumshyiap with 6 cases.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: While the preparations for the election of Leaders in the State are underway and the Model Code of Conduct has been implemented in violation of the rules of the Model Code of Conduct to ensure the smooth running of the election of Leaders. Ri Bhoi District Police Station has arrested a man for allegedly smuggling drugs from Guwahati to Shillong.
It is learned that he died by hanging himself and his short note was found before he committed suicide.
Let us all give our right hand to help the Government because the Government intends to protect us all.
He said the most important thing is the improvement of schools.
On the other hand, the organizers of the Common Platform have also set rules by allowing 30 minutes alone for the candidates to explain the grounds for which they are contesting the election. 5 minutes for Response Time.
Sadly, church leaders teach the people to separate religions even from fellow Christians.
Babu Khongjirem said that as the government has not given any word yet, the teachers will continue the strike as decided earlier.
The Dorbar Shnong, on this occasion, has also set some rules and regulations, and the most important is that the reception of tourists should be less than 500 per day.
Most Rev. Dominic Jala was born on 12 November 1951 in Mawlai Phudmuri and was ordained a Priest on 19 November u was born on 2nd May 2000.
Shillong: The Marmain Area Youth Upliftment Union (MAYU) led by Samla Probi President and Samla Bedol Klein, General Secretary, today met with the MLA of Nongpoh. Constituency Bah Mayralborn Syiem in his office in Nongpoh, on the demands and to follow up on many issues, especially the development works that have been pending in the Marmain area for many years.
It also directed to send a letter to the SP of Dhubri district, Assam to bring four witnesses to the incident on 19th June.
The shooting lasted for three hours and 25 people were killed and dozens injured in the shooting at the university.
He also urged the Syiem of Mylliem to gather together the sellers and buyers with a strong warning to reach an understanding and peace between the sellers and buyers, not to take advantage or cheat each other. .
All owners of stolen cows have been directed to come to the police station to comply with the requirements of the law.
Men and women were so drunk that they forgot their manners.
He said that these gates also operate in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, Forest Act, Trading by Non Tribal Regulation and others.
At the same time, there will also be a public explanation on how to support Bateithymmai Nongrum who will win the title of yes I am in Mumbai.
He said that there are some families who want to farm but don't have the seeds to do so. He said that there are also those who don't have the money even to transport their produce to the market.
However, Sri Lanka will not be able to send up to 1,00,000 at the same time, but Sri Lanka has agreed to China's request due to the damage to the crops. burial and agriculture due to the overpopulation of shrieh within the country.
The president of MSSASTA said that the union came forward after the deadline expired without receiving any response from the government.
Prabhakar Sail has released a video and an affidavit in which he claims to have heard a phone conversation between Sameer and Shah Rukh Khan's manager KP Gosavi. Sam D'Souza in Lower Parel, where Aryan Khan was released on bail for Rs 25 crore.
He said that it is for this reason that the government has directed the various departments that have employed them to collect a census of them so that the government can relocate them to a better place.
This film is still attracting many viewers because it is a different story and at the same time acting style.
He said that once the training is passed and the youths who are trying to work in that field, the department will give them a grant of 1500 shibmon.
I see a sign of growth and progress in you and it will spread to your house,” said mama.
Looking at the shape of the old motphran, it is seen that four rows of stones were erected and in the middle of the stone was erected a small structure and another coin with two branches was erected like you shall be blessed.
Lucy was seriously injured in the attack as she could not save her life even after being treated after the incident.
On the other hand, Bah Lewis Pyrtuh, Leader of Meat Producers from West Jaintia Hills, expressed his concern over the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. They were very angry with the people.
The attack in the northeast of Kharkiv on the Ukrainian-Russian border came after Russia sent drones to attack last night, killing one of the victims. i died that night.
Two of these MLAs will join the National People's Party and the other two may remain.
“We have been waiting for a while but no one or chowkidar has come out, when we have no choice we cannot go home angrily without meeting the doctors,” said Gambris.
In addition, teachers of Khasi/English/Social Sciences subjects are not able to teach Science or Mathematics.
He said that he has sent this medicine to his family members who have suffered from this disease and now they too have recovered.
Speaking to reporters, Sengsamla Malki Secretary Junestar Kharbuki said, “This awareness program is to explain the dangers of drugs and the dangers of drug abuse. .
“The political struggle of the police, by harassing children and the people, should be investigated,” she said.
Many families because of child marriage, they don't need – they don't need children just to fill their food and drink, if they don't have enough money, many children don't have enough money. I shall not drink, I shall lose my life and die halfway because of poverty and unhappiness in the family.
Thus, on the 31st of November, 1848, he wrote a letter to Sir FI Halliday, Secretary to the Government of Bengal, Calcutta.
If it is not possible to discuss, please create any protest in this regard.
That is why we need God-fearing kings and rulers, otherwise the country will perish.
She said that the department is working hard not only to prevent the spread of the disease but also to detect the disease in the early stage.
Manchester City have also become the second club in England to win all three titles, after Manchester United in Rodri scored the first goal in the 68th minute to help City win the Champions League title for the first time.
During the two-day exhibition, you can witness the presence of shops including food shops, shops selling handicrafts and furniture made of wood and silk, clothing shops and others have been set up by private entrepreneurs and government departments as well.
"To implement the NERPAP, the Indian government has handed over to a team," Naik said, which is with the Census Department.
She said that according to the soskular, all the children registered with RBSK will receive free treatment for blood disorders at the hospital.
In 1967, Prof. GGSwell was elected MP and Bah H. Hynniewta (Shillong), W. Bareh (Jowai), S.D.D.
The JHADC has appointed the Chief Executive Officer with a salary of 50,000 rupees including 10,000 rupees allowances.
Therefore, Samla Lambokstar Marngar encouraged the youth to succeed in their studies and to have the spirit of competition with the people of other states. The nation will rise and will have its own officers to hold the throne for the sake of peace and security and to protect the country and the nation from many enemies, he added.
Explaining to the public hearing, Bah Marcus Lapasam, said that the proposal to allocate land to the BSF will not only affect the farmland of the farmers in Umtyrnga area, but will also affect the farmers in Umtyrnga. Many of the villages in the Umtyrnga area, where many of the people will be affected and will become like people without villages and land.
Shillong, July 27: Teachers of NEHU under the banner of NEHUTA have issued a notice to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. SK Srivastava, alleging that he has converted students. the decision of the Executive Council.
On the other hand, the village leader urged the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills to take action to stop this plan of the Assam government while there is still time, so that the residents of Lapangap Pyllun can enjoy peace and order.
However, if the price of petrol exceeds 100 tyngka per liter, all food and beverage prices will double.
It is to be recalled that on the 8th of this month, the HITO has sent a letter to the DC, West Jaintia Hills to urge the immediate closure of the illegal cow market in Mookyndur.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today informed that the State Government will start talks and consultations with various groups including political parties on the implementation of the Roster System after the The MLA election in Sohiong Constituency will be held on 15th June.
“If the state government cannot remove this rule, then the bank will put these trucks, because many of them take money,” said Ma Thubru.
The awards include Banshngaiñlang Rimiat for Best in Education, four for Best in Drill, Welovelightness Wanniang, Sunshine Lyngkhoi, Willybrought Diengdoh and Korbanlang Mawlong for Best Discipline. Loreen Kharpran won the all round title while Edilbert Thabah won the all round title.
In the male category, St. Anthony's HS School won the first prize while St. Anthony's LP School came second.
On the part of the chief guest, Prof RC Laloo, in his speech, urged the students to have their own plans for the future. “When wisdom is in our hands, we can always get these desires because we are wise” and by giving an example from his own life that he too He was one of the hardworking students of the school and until the time came through his hard work he reached the goal until there was no school for him anymore and he He also received the rank of Professor through his hard work in his studies.
Even if we fight for an hour or a month, those who die first are the poor and live by earning day and night.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has already informed all the Block Development Officers or other departments in charge of the project. This is to ensure that they are vigilant and take action to take precautionary measures in the event of these natural disasters so that there will be no impact on the people of the country. Ri Bhoi and especially to the farmers of Ri Bhoi as now is the harvest season for the farmers.
Amita demanded that the High Court should send a CBI inquiry into the case so that the relationship between the police, politicians and coal traders can be exposed.
He said that the Bodos came out in lakhs, in Goa they came out in order to demand the Gongali language, we too should take action to come out on the 22nd to express our aspirations for our mother tongue.
Perhaps, many of us, we ask this question, why is it so difficult to get the ILP and also to resolve the border in our state and many other issues. meet the demands of our nation.
Therefore, the request is that we as the elders should correct what is wrong by joining hands with the Seng “Synkhong Rympei Thymmai.
If the state had only 10 sacred forests like Mawphlang in each C&RD Block, the environment would have changed dramatically. it shall be clean.
The forward also helped the club win the Indian Super League (ISL) title.
“This action of the Government shows arbitrariness and misuse of power,” they said.
The incident took place at the Punjab Law University on Tuesday, where more than 30 Hindu students went to celebrate and celebrate the day. do it every year.
Keniong village is located on the Mawkyrwat-Ranikor Nongjri Road, about 20 km from Mawkyrwat.
Romans 11:26.
I see that some people have objected in the newspapers to the statement of Bah Purningstar on the insulting words of this song by saying that in our Jaitbynriew there has never been anyone who knows how to compose patriotic songs. .
The Court said that as the State Government is considering the recommendations relating to the amendment of some parts of the law, a three-month deadline has been set for the hearing of the matter. These parties will be able to resolve this pending issue.
In a post today, Amitabh Bachchan said, “Can we please delete the 2020 year and then reinstall it again? This version is with virus !".
It should be clearly understood that education is the source of knowledge and development of the country.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Lhai Khongshei, one of the members of Mother Tehsong United, who runs the tourist spot, said that at present, when people come to the tourist spot, they bring their own. Besides, the management has prepared tyndong siej for those who want to drink Um Dawai and this has affected the beauty as the management has used.
Bernard N. Marak said that the non-payment of scholarships is a burden to the students and if they cannot complete these payments they will not be able to get their admit cards and this will lead to the their lack of opportunity to write their examinations.
The Baikliarwait brought by Julius Caesar enriched the Roman Empire, but gradually it also destroyed and destroyed that Empire.
" At that time the prisons where thieves and robbers were imprisoned will be no more.
The championship started on Thursday last month and there were 32 men's participants while 14 women's participants.
“On the other side of the Ummat River from the Umlet River is managed by the KHADC, so between these rivers the KHADC can set up a forest gate,” said Bah Syiem.
Shillong, Lber 2: A UTP prisoner (Under Trial Prisoner) today escaped from the police while being brought from Shillong District Jail to the District Court at the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Shillong, without the police, shot him in the leg.
After both teams failed to score in the first quarter, the Indian team managed to take the lead until they scored the first goal in the 22nd minute. I played through Annu from the PC (penalty corner) and I didn't score.
He said the number of MDCs in the UDF will be known tomorrow morning inside the special session and cannot be done outside the session.
When asked about the UDP's decision to support the BJP which has been accused of being a religious party, Paul said this is the politics of the Congress just to mislead the people.
Among the winners at the state level, the first will represent the state and the second and third place winners will attend as encouragers at the national level on the 5th. and October 6, 2024.
Anup Chetia, General Secretary of the ULFA, said that if the government continues to force the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, then Assam will burn.
His songs have touched the souls of many Christians and even non-Christians.
“At the meeting of the Standing Committee of Finance on 11th July, the Finance Secretary to the Government of India made it clear that the Government of India does not have the funds to pay the GST share of the State Governments, which is 14 per cent. for the current fiscal year.
He said the project will cost about T.11 crore.
He said that the Pynursla Civil Sub-division in 2017 is due to Dr Mukul's concern for the area and not due to the hard work of MLA Prestone Tynsong.
Titos said that all this has happened due to the weakness and negligence of the MDC of Sohra who has not been able to resolve the issues within the Hima and this shows that he has absolutely no responsibility as a leader whom the people have elected.
He said that all the citizens of the state should unite together to work as a team to lead the state on the path of economic development and income.
Babu Kular said the Right to Education (RTE) in the state has not worked like in Assam and other states.
Moojem is one of the backward villages on the Assam-Meghalaya border and is facing severe difficulties during the state's fight against Covid
We were here to promote the game but SRGT blocked us”.
After welcoming the Congress and UDP leaders, Prestone Tynsong congratulated them for deciding to become the top leaders of the NPP. Meghalaya is not like other parties which are only interested in shouting in the fields and proclaiming patriotism only in the field and not in the workplace.
While Emperor Tiberius, Governor Pilate, Caiaphas, other Sadducee priests, scribes, and Pharisees continued to rule the Kingdom and the Sanhedrin.
On this occasion, the Fire Brigade not only helped to extinguish the fire but also conducted an investigation into the cause of the fire. the cause of the accident was always suspected to be an electrical fault.
Without the voters, we would have got 20 seats, and we would have been in the Cabinet and in the Legislative Assembly.
The Syiem said the mobile phones were recovered from a hole in the Mawkdok forest while the camera was handed over to the police by the wife of Javid.
These three villages are Pepbah, Mawlyngngad and Mawiong Diengpasoh.
However, the MFA has informed that the Thadlaskein Sports Association has been suspended by the MFA and is no longer recognized.
This constituency is currently the constituency of many candidates, including Lakhon Biam MDC JHADC from Nangbah.
The blood and soul of the victim cries out and judges those who wrong him.
The purpose of this is to get a detailed estimate of how much the people actually benefit from the schemes introduced by the Central Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“As soon as you arrive at the NPP office, there is a huge portrait of Conrad Sangma and Prestone.
Strange creatures, or humans or demons, have been stirring up trouble in the United States these days and it has been seen, these strange creatures, flying in the sky and some even entering the sky. the highest headquarters or munitions depots, heavily guarded, in parts of the United States.
Dr Laloo said the PHE department will try to complete the project before October
The distance from Shyrwang to Lyngkhoi is 5 KM. Vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat via Pariong will pass from Sohiong Pariong Road via Nonglait.
Israel has also said that Hamas militants, even today, when Hamas is on the verge of collapse, are still firing frequently at the southern part of Israel, where more than 1,200 civilians have been killed. Israel has lost 100 lives and about 240 people have been abducted by Hamas militants since the beginning of the war.
The tournament will be held at the block level followed by the district level.
Meghalaya has also used three foreign players including Rajesh Bishnoi, Tanmay Mishra and Nakul Verma in tournaments like the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament and the Vijay Hazare Trophy one day tournament.
These scientists including Dr. SK Das, Principal Scientist and Head of Dohkha Agriculture at ICAR, Scientist K Nath and A Das, Technical Officer, visited the ICAR on Tuesday. Mootyrshiah village to discuss and exchange views with the Dohkha farmers.
He died on 5 August
He said that in these days, Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang used to say that he joined the NPP because the Congress had expelled him, but this statement of his you don't have a foundation.
The demand came after VPP MLA from North Constituency Bah Adelbert Nongrum moved a motion to change the calendar of the session of the Legislative Assembly. and also to send back the calendar to the Business Advisory Committee of the Assembly for the purpose of extending the session.
At this meeting, the Kur also honored Ripnar Lyngdoh for her promotion as an IAS officer of the Government of India.
Nongpoh, March 02 : PFR Women's U-16, Shangbangla SC Men's U-13, and Umsning Proper A Men's U-16 have been the three teams to win the tournament. The final of the Sunfeast Cup 2022 Meghalaya Master organized by Lynti Jam in collaboration with SPT Sports Bangalore was held at Jyntru Stadium.
Speaking to Rupang, the Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai M Syiem, said that the Executive Committee has banned the Khasi who sell tin jot from entering the villages. From now on, the place of sale and purchase of them shall be in the market only and they shall not be allowed to enter the homes of the people.
“At the time of the formation of the MDA, in honor of the leader Dr Donkupar Roy, he said that he is ready to take over the post of Lamphang and we all the colleagues in the MDA, who are present, are pleased that Dr Donkupar, as one of the senior leaders, will be appointed,” said Prestone.
Although it is located on the outskirts of India, it is a mountainous country known for its natural beauty and natural resources. on the ground.
He said that according to their statement, their aim is to strengthen the relationship between the MLAs to have a common understanding.
“We will not only build sports grounds but also work with various sports associations to promote sports,” he said.
Greetings were delivered by Bah SS Syiemlieh, MCS Addl DC West Jaintia Hills and prayer by Rev. K Dkhar, CNI Jowai.
In the complaint, Abhijit Basumatary also alleged that the Meghalaya government has lost up to Rs 100 crore since 2015 due to the collusion of traders and officers from many departments.
Shillong: The Photjaud Rangthong Unit of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has arrested Tlibarjune Syiemlieh, 30, for allegedly assaulting and raping a 55-year-old woman at her home. you are in Mawtngam.
Meghalaya beat Mizoram for 220 runs in the first innings and responded by tied for 259 runs.
“This is surprising because the documents of the vehicles submitted to this office are the same whether the broker or the owner of the vehicle, but there is a subtle difference between the documents. the broker and the car owner".
"I don't want to be accused of being a proud man who has lived in the city," said the sister and stood up immediately to get ready.
There are 29 teams competing in this tournament and the prize money is T.50,000 and T.30,000 for the winner and runner-up.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City, on Tuesday 11th November 2022, on Tuesday visited Demseiniong area to collect Trading License from foreign shopkeepers who operate shops without renewing their License. There is no court document in the District Council.
The Seng also expresses its gratitude to the government for starting to deliver monthly donations through the bank accounts of more than 15,000 Cook cum Helper PM POSHANs in the state and requests the government to release the money soon. which she promised to pay from April '22.
Speaking on the subject of foreign countries, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that he was able to visit the quarries of foreign countries and this surprised him that these quarries are not different from the quarries of foreign countries. of Meghalaya.
It was on the morning of 22nd October that his family members received information that Pynkhreh had been killed.
He said the government will also encourage the people to use biomass to generate electricity in rural areas and in those villages which have been able to generate electricity from such sources, the government can reduce the distribution of MeCEL electricity. At one point, he said the government has changed the name of the Meghalaya Non-Conventional Renewable Energy Agency to the Meghalaya Renewable Energy Development Agency to promote this industry.
The Director of Tourism, Kong RC Sohkhlet, said that according to the documents, the area which is the residence of the Governor, which has turned into a house, is a tourism destination.
Not like you foolish Christians in Khasiland in these days of pandemic.
In 1976, the words 'Socialist Secular' were introduced through the 42nd Amendment to the Constitution, which clarifies that India is a country of democracy, peace and harmony. believe also in the source of Niam.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya will represent the state in the regional and national beauty pageants.
Regarding the condition of the land, Bah G.Dohling said that after testing the land, it was found that it is a suitable place to cultivate shynrai and the climate is also good. Even though it is a coal mining area, the beauty is that they know how to manage the coal water in the right direction. The flow of coal water does not affect the soil in this area.
“We have already acquired land and we are still looking for more,” said Bah Ronie.
The Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday announced that it has extended the rules and regulations for the COVID-19 pandemic where schools will reopen from June 14th and those who have already been vaccinated will no longer need to undergo RTPCR test when entering the state. .
There will always be victory and defeat in the struggle.
On the other hand, one of the victims, Shynna Shylla, who underwent a medical check up, was found to have been shot dead and had signs of injury.
The Indian Forest Act 1865 – not by words but by deeds:- In 1874 Viceroy Lord Northbrook came to Shillong and ordered that the forest around Shillong Mountains should be protected completely. to protect trees and water sources for the future under the Indian Forest Act
Shillong, July 30 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umrynjah Unit on Saturday concluded the Inter Dong Football Tournament which was held at Umrynjah Stadium on Saturday, July 27,
