Shillong, Naitung 20 : The 2023 MLA elections in Pynthorumkhrah will be held in 2023. After the incumbent MLA, Bah AL Hek, MDC Bah PN Syiem, another candidate, Bah Rocky Hek, has emerged. AL's family has announced that he will contest next year's elections.
On the other hand, Dr War said that it is not easy to find people who have been in contact with people who are covid positive, but to avoid infecting other people, they should take responsibility. to come forward and undergo tests to ensure that they are free from this disease.
Because even those distinguished leaders and those legislators say that Meghalaya is an English speaking state.
At the same time, he urged the talented youth to strive because there is no shortcut to reach the goal but only those who have the spirit of striving. top.
Some election officers and directors have had to walk to long distances.
Whether it is possible for the Meghalaya government to take this and ensure that it is on the right track and at the end of the day what has to do with people to appoint jobs for many years scheme is still working.
“When Dr Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister, he recognized that there are only 12 border areas and he sent this in a letter to the Assam government in 2011,” he said.
“The union demands that the government through the police department should immediately release the union leaders otherwise a fierce fighting will break out within 48 hours of this news,” said Bah Damonmi General Secretary of the union. .
He also urged the residents of Jowai and various villages to continue to support Dulong as they have supported for many years for the development of the village.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Mukhaialong, which was held yesterday, has renewed its office bearers, with the participation of all the residents, men and women, young and old.
He said that the state police will not rest until they arrest these people who are the kingpins of the illegal coal mining from Meghalaya.
“Once the election is announced, we will be able to invite applications for those candidates and after that they will be sent to the State Election Committee and then to the Central Election Committee headed by the Prime Minister. to approve the list of candidates,” said Bah Mawrie.
According to police, on 06.09.2005, they received a complaint from Bah Linus Sumer, father of Rishanki Biam, alleging that Aloi Suiam had killed him. on 29.09.2005 in Saphai village.
Shillong: There have been 174 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 168 recoveries and one death.
CoRP President Bandari said the party will discuss with the relevant authorities where the contractor should not be charged for the contract but should be paid as usual. .
“I don't have anything to write to the government, if the government doesn't want to write to me, I will write with my blood,” said KSU President Samla Lambokstar Marngar. The KSU has held a meeting today at the Addl.Secretariat.
In addition, it will also look into the salary of teachers, how to equalize the salaries of teachers, SSA, Aided Schools, schools without enrolment, with 0 students, with only four or five students. students, teachers and so on.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlongbna has strongly warned against such people who try to misrepresent the name of the village.
Lo Celso, Romero, Martinez and Emiliano Buendia reportedly left for South America last month after being banned by London club authorities.
Please think carefully for the future of our children and our future generation.
Trevidi said the Anglo-Indian leaders were removed from the Parliament and Legislative Assemblies of the States on July 25, 2020 through the 104th Constitutional Amendment.
Thus, the country and the Khasi people will be healed of corruption until people who love righteousness according to the teachings of the Bible have a place in politics.
Sivananda lost his parents when he was seven years old and was handed over to a guru and thus traveled around India until he settled in Varanasi.
Hsia and his father were close followers and supporters of Lai's father and helped to run his father's affairs while he was alive.
The husband allegedly stabbed his wife and cut off her bed while she was in bed, alleging that she had slept with another man in the bedroom. this is your sleep.
It is estimated that thousands of vehicles have been damaged and destroyed in the blast.
However, if you respect the Constitution, you will be able to do so.
In order to assist the public and especially to reduce the traffic jam, the Police of this police station have come out to fill the areas and those who took part in the filling are on duty because they wear your uniform.
JOWAI: The Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) of the state government has said that the desire of the coal traders to continue trading from tomorrow may be thwarted due to the negligence of the coal traders. the department has refused to renew their challans.
Nongthymmai started the match well from the start and scored the first goal in the 11th minute through Robi Hansda.
Pastor Muniya said that the police had ordered them not to lodge any complaint and said, “Resolve this matter with love, as taught in our religion and file a complaint. Later, if such an incident happens again, but for now, listen, listen, because there is pressure from above to listen,” said Muniya.
The time will come when God will put the law in their hearts.
Everything is moving in the right direction," the Minister said.
He said the people of the state have seen this and understood and will take a decision.
I don't know why the RSS is so stupid.
“What John Kharshiing has said is his personal statement,” said Process.
He said that the inability of the factory to operate has created a problem for the workers who have been working without salary for nine months now.
At the registration of MHIS-II, Bah Hek said that this scheme is the government's assistance to the people to be treated in health centers in the state and abroad which have contracted with the government.
“Ka seng wants to send a clear message to the Karbi community as well as to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and the Government of Assam to stop their violence against the border residents. from time to time – by the border crossing into Meghalaya, the illegal collection of taxes from agricultural vehicles of the residents of the State, the intimidation by the Karbi insurgents and the violence of the authorities. KSU-LC General Secretary Jason Laloo said in a statement.
They also alleged that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) should have warned against the illegal mining of coal before implementing the law.
Hopefully they will leave the Khasi people to compose their own patriotic song. They are trying to destroy the name of REV GORDON ROBERT. I often tell my friends and I remind and explain to them about the enslavement of our Khasi mentality from ancient times until now when we say Meghalaya is also the Scotland of the East.
Shillong: The KHNAM State Youth Wing today closed down the office of IGNOU at NEHU as the office is holding Shad Nongkrem holiday today.
Measures to be taken and not to be taken, in order to avoid fraud, fraud related to money laundering when depositing or withdrawing money as well as the proper procedures in the deposit process money through UPI, BHIM, USSD, and others.
Some of the groups expected to participate in the meeting with the Prime Minister include the Garo Students Union, the Garoland State Movement Committee, the Mothers Union of Tura, the A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement, the All India Garo Union, the Association. for Democracy and empowerment, A'chik Youth Welfare Organization, Federation for A'chik Freedom, All A'chik Youth Federation, A'chik Organization for Social Welfare bad ka Niksamso Garo Community Organization.
“In the Budget Session it became clear that there is no intention from any political party to form a single faction in the Opposition.
It is learned that this scheme has been implemented by the Block in the villages by naming some people from the village.
On the other hand, the Government, District Councils, Hima, Seng Bhalang (SBL), individuals such as MLAs, MDCs and others or groups, should not talk unfoundedly, because in these On the 1st day, it was seen that some of the leaders of the people expressed that the boundary of the Khasi Hills should be resolved.
The survey will be conducted in Khyndailad, Laitumkhrah and Polo area.
Mawdieja Sports and Cultural Club (MS&CC), Sohryngkham on Saturday launched its 30th Anniversary Celebration and Football Tournament in honor of (L) Lastkingroy Warkhyllew. A football player from the Club and Sohryngkham Village who used to do many things to promote sports in the area, who passed away last year in a car accident in 2019.
Dr. P. Shylla, Senior Medical Officer In-charge, Civil Blood Bank, Jowai, explained the rules of blood donation and urged the public not to be afraid to donate blood. encourage all blood donors to continue in this good work.
At the time of writing, the exact cause of the blast which claimed lives and caused a lot of damage is still unknown.
“We are surprised to learn that the PHC does not have an ambulance and only drives a private vehicle,” said the union.
During this journey, the sea riders will talk to students in various schools and instill the spirit of job search and explain to them about the Indian Navy.
Jowai: According to information received, up to 30 posts of engineer have become vacant in the PHE department and these posts have not yet been filled.
But now we have started to ride even in Maruti cars, so I am very happy”.
In Mawhati constituency, the candidates are Julius Dorphang, MLA, James Sylliang, MDC from the PDF, Dasakhiatbha Lamare (son of Ngaitlang Dhar) from the NPP, Donbok from the NPP. UDP candidate Eva Kharbani, Congress candidate Charles Marngar, KHNAM, BJP and other independent candidates said there are still more.
On this day, the match between these two teams was very interesting and very exciting to watch as they are very strong teams on both sides.
But Satan has been trying to destroy man since the Garden of Eden, Eden or peace fell.
“What Bah Embhah said at the election campaign in Mawlai, has affected him especially during this election,” said Bah Ardent.
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: Three political parties in the state including the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) have decided to A public meeting was held on the 13th of this month at MUDA Complex Nongpoh.
For more details, Please check the Jobs inor visit official webpage www.meghalayahighcourt.
The Meghalaya TMC is keen to provide space for the recruitment of women to spread the party's goals across the state.
Find out for yourself why this is so.
Replying to a question raised by Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh regarding the proposed casino in Ri-Bhoi, James K Sangma admitted that the casino is not a casino. For the residents of Meghalaya, but only foreigners can enter the area, but it will also benefit the villagers in terms of employment, to improve the income of the state but on the other hand The JAC strongly condemns the statement of James Sangma.
The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that the increase in the price of school books should not happen as the prices have already been published in the book.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 05 : The Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday announced that for the purpose of register with a Unique Disability ID, or UDID Certificate and the required documents are Voter's ID/EPIC Card of Meghalaya, Birth Certificate (for applicants under 18 years of age), photograph or passport size and Aadhaar Card.
Shillong: A day after 24 Christian churches were burnt down, it was learned that many churches were burnt down by some people, who have lost their human spirit and hatred. Christians in this part of Manipur.
Earlier, a rally was held with the participation of students from various schools in Ummulong to raise awareness among the public on the need to take good care of their teeth and mouth.
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested four persons involved in the murder of Bah Omega Myrthong by beheading him near Umïam Lake.
Looking back on the final, it was indeed a beautiful and exciting match.
“To those who claim to be a foreign party, listen and confirm your allegations,” she added.
The price of sohmynken in the market has increased by 250-300 tyngka per kilo, compared to the previous price of 120 tyngka per kilo.
The village of Nartiang became more and more famous in those days for the presence of the market.
“There are many reasons why the Congress expects to win from Sohiong Constituency, and the sympathy vote cannot give victory to the UDP because before the elections the UDP had accused and “It is clear that the NPP has nothing to do with these allegations”.
Besides, as a sign of remembrance, the Youth Assembly has also erected a memorial monument on the ground floor of the church and the memorial was inaugurated by Tymmenbasan GJL Sangriang who is the Moderator of the Youth Assembly. Light Presbytery.
On the other hand, the IGP, Raju urged the people and civil society to trust the NHRC's investigation into the death in police custody. “They should not take the law into their own hands, or create any riots such as the curfew and others,” said GHP Raju.
Therefore, as citizens, they should carefully consider the problems that will arise when there are too many children.
The union leaders also sought clarification regarding the shortage of medicines at the two PHCs of Maweit and Aradonga, where the DM&HO said that there was a time when the government could not to send medicines to suppliers so there is a shortage.
Not only the Dorbar Shnongs but also the Dorbar Sor. Because the way of doing things in the city and in the countryside is different, what we need is to have what are called Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) or what I like to call that Door Sor.
As we all know, Motphran is the food bowl of the rich.
The purpose of this meeting was to explain to the people of South West Khasi Hills District that they should not make mistakes in this election of leaders because once made a mistake it is difficult to turn back.
She said that development works have come to be disrupted, even within two days that the government officials have already decided that there will be no disruption from Assam or Meghalaya.
With the presence of smart infrastructure in the 100 Smart Cities of the country, data collection can be more widely disseminated to the regions.
It is a pity for the people that one government after another who have ruled the state for the past 50 years, the demarcation has been limited to the Manifestos.
On the demand for ILP, he said that not only the HYC is worried but the state is also worried.
However, there are decisions of the Supreme Court which say that the laws made by Parliament cannot apply to the areas of the Sixth Schedule para 3, and this is a struggle and the people should know this right. u”, said Bah Erwin while speaking at a meeting in Smit, yesterday.
He said that the village will meet with the DC and the authorities regarding the tortious behavior of the road construction company, which from time to time causes problems to the people and causes tragic incidents.
The killing of those who refuse to worship the first beast is given authority by the second beast, who is a religious ruler.
“The more you accuse and commit crimes, the more we are strong because knowledge goes hand in hand on the basis of justice and truth,” said Manly Nongpluh, President KSU Laban Circle.
Shuvam Kumar Singh (81 kg), Ibadishisha Marweiñ (48 kg) and Rishica Iawrod (52 kg) were selected.
Khliehriat, March 20: The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday inaugurated the Sahksaw Bridge, which is a prominent tourist attraction in Chamcham village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In the first semi final in the women's category, Mawshynrut Block beat Rambrai Block 4-0
The training will be in four categories including IT/ITES, Capital Goods, Construction, Green Jobs and Telecom and will start from the first month of April. hours and it will take, for three months.
On the other hand, the Seng has lodged a complaint under the leadership of Bah KS Suchiang, President KSU Narpuh Circle together with members and some leaders from the District Unit. to punish all the police involved in the lathi bombing of the people including women and children during the public hearing of Meghalaya Cement Ltd, at Thangskai EJHD on that day.
The Jowai Village Authorities Union has also issued a Quit Notice to six villages, KSU War Jaintia Circle and the War Jaintia Village Authorities Union against the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai.
Speech was also delivered by the Paiem of Jirang Hima, Tbn RH Wahlang who spoke on behalf of the Mynnar Presbytery.
Speaking at the meeting, Fr.James A.Syiemlieh (Director NSSS) said that to fight against this disease, the people should allow the government authorities to come and distribute DTT drugs. He said that the residents should also use musari to avoid being infected with the pyrjong. He said that they should avoid the water tanks without covering them because the pyrjong can come and breed in the water. I'm going to every village.
The rainfall in Upper Shillong has reached 41.6 millimetres, according to the Indian Metrological Department.
We will ensure that it will be a strong contest in many seats where we will form a Government and political parties that agree and we will lead the state in the right direction according to the wishes of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi's country,” said Bah Shullai in a statement.
Like all the students of this school, they don't need to pay anything except for the school uniforms.
He said that as a leader he sees the problems of the people living on the border, but to bring about development works now is not possible, while next year he hopes that some of the aspirations of the people can be achieved.
The deterioration of this road has been extreme and has caused problems to the vehicles passing and standing as it is rough and full of hands and feet.
Eldie said that the game of money in the election of leaders is a serious threat to the nation.
Another decision of the Cabinet today was to increase the salaries of the Chairman and members of the MPSC.
Carbon-free or acidic beverages are often associated with food poisoning or sugar-free foods are not suitable or helpful for health. Well.
“Ka seng questions whether the COVID rules imposed by the government are only for the people and do not apply during the mid-term elections?
These 25 graduates were awarded by the Chief Guest, Bah ML Wanshnong, Joint Director, Department of Commerce and Industries in the presence of Bah S Majaw, Retired General Manager, Neera Sarmah. Foundation, SE Kharpran, Functional Manager DCIC Jowai, Bah S Pale, Bah P Suchen, Rangbah Shnong, Bah M Manner, Secretary Village and others.
This is also what we are experiencing now in this age, people from the rural areas come to Shillong to earn money and start a new life, but the city is overwhelmed and cannot give them peace and hope.
“The State Legislative Assembly is like a sitting room while the District Council is a shetja room, which belongs only to us,” said Bah Adelbert. but they should judge what is the true national party.
He said that these visits do not require a pass.
After this they took me in a Scorpio and took me to the office of the SP East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat and when I arrived there they took me to his office.
The Parish Nativity of Our Lord Mawkyrwat on Friday 31st November 2023, celebrated its Golden Jubilee. Most Rev Wilbert Marweiñ DD, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, also blessed the two Deacons.
The meeting was attended by Bah BB Makdoh, President of the Union of Leaders of 14 Villages of Mawrong Road and all the Village Leaders of these 14 Villages in the area.
“We are sorry for the attack on the land at the Dorbar Shnong without any permission,” said Philemon.
In the second leg, Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat North Liberty Higher Secondary School 1-0, Laishnong Higher Secondary School beat Marian Hills Higher School 2-0 Singh Memorial Secondary and Government Boys Higher Secondary School ended the match with a penalty kick and HK Singh won 4-2
It also has a separate exit for MPS, VIPs and visitors.
In India, the Constitution is the supreme law of the land, both for the government and the judiciary.
Shillong: There have been 12 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in East Khasi Hills District today.
On receiving the information, the KSU rushed to Nonghyllam and lodged an FIR.
Jerusalem is the city of the great King, Jesus Christ.
“In this regard, in accordance with Article 179 (C) of the Constitution and Rule 1(35) of the Meghalaya Assembly, the NC has been approved and the election will be held on 16th November after completion of all the requirements. I don't know," said Mondal.
“The 14th Finance Commission, the central government has removed the special status for the North East and this is sad because the growth of the North East is due to the 90 per cent grant from the government. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Narayanswamy.
He said that Pakistan is in great danger if it cannot repay the debt it has taken and it is even more dangerous if Pakistan cannot. to recover even after it has lost money, it is allowed to recover the income of the country in many ways.
Then they shall sit in the thlong until the scoop is separated from the wheat, and they shall fall into the prah.
It is surprising that some people are happy about the shooting death of Gauri Lankesh and some of them are happy that the Prime Minister of our country, Narendra Modi follows them on Twitter.
Sohra: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Dr. Donkupar Roy, today attended the filing of nomination papers for the two UDP candidates from Sohra and Shella constituencies, Bah Titos W Chyne from Sohra. and Bah Teinwell Dkhar of Shella.
Earlier, when Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India, was planning to give only the state without giving the whole state as demanded, perhaps it was the courage of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh that stirred up the country. The Central Government was asked to think carefully and the state was indeed independent on 21st July
On this occasion, the fans also sang the song “Ha U Prah”.
“Why did they publish the name of Lambor Malngiang to contest from the UDP party?” Lanong asked. “Those who claim to be the UDP unit from Nongkrem also have doubts. I'm not a member of the UDP party.
This decision was taken at a public meeting and the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the Women's Wing and Youth's Wing of MCSEPAC.
Shillong, July 22 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday said whether the TMC's promise of WE Card to women and MYE Card to unemployed youth is a threat to the state or a real intention to develop the state? The Chief Minister and National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma recently said that the WE Card is the Lakshmir Bhandar Scheme of West Bengal and the state has already received money from the Lakshmir Bhandar Scheme. reason for this scheme.
“We cannot arrest anyone especially a person who has been fighting for the state.
P.C.for the request for bail of the woman on the grounds that she is HIV positive. The woman has been arrested under the provisions of the NDPS Act,
Nongstoiñ, July 13: Due to the complaint of the residents of Rambrai area regarding the lack of ambulance at the Nongkroh (Rambrai) Hospital Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle, on Tuesday visited the hospital and found that the staff are adequate and working hard.
The sorrows and griefs on the last day of your parents will become a shame in the world if you cannot look after and care for your parents in their old age.
However, Conrad said, “We are pleased to see that now the legal mining will start and we will get scientific mining and we will also get other income generation opportunities. in agriculture or tourism and this is the way we will see to end these illegal activities”.
In these days, it is necessary to ensure that the youth of the state do not lose their way in life, because many of the youth are involved in many evils which can also affect the blood vessels of the race. If as young people we don't see this part.
Studying the thoughts of other Tribal peoples helps and gives advice on how to care for and protect our own land and environment.
With this draw, Goa (8 points) came second after beating Kerala by a goal difference.
Two of the arrested persons were seriously injured in the bomb blast and were taken to CHC Resubelpara. into the hospital he was already dead before arrival.
He said that although the border demarcation is not easy, there are also villages inhabited by other ethnic groups in the border area who also intend to go to Assam despite knowing that these areas are still under the jurisdiction of the Assam. On this basis, the union urges the Syiem to gather together with these villages and to provide the necessary documents that these places should not go to Assam but to be in accordance with the documents.
Make sure you spend more time inside your own home.
The ticket race has been so intense that almost all the Congress MLAs have fled to Delhi on Tuesday after the opening of the State Legislative Assembly to force the Congress leaders. in Delhi, to give a ticket to a person whom they approve.
He said that even in Meghalaya the AITC has been successful especially in Garo Hills and if the people understand they should change the leaders and give their full support to the AITC so that the growth, income, and income increase.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government today announced to allow the return of youths stranded in the North Eastern States from 5th July
However, even schools and colleges don't have time to teach morality in this age.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has strongly condemned the KHADC for its strong condemnation of the Meghalaya Progressive Street Vendors Association.
Besides these departments, he has also been in charge of PWD Buildings and District Council Affairs.
She said that Matilda Kharbuki, General Secretary Mahila Morcha, is one of the oldest members of the BJP and has joined the party since the time of former president Khlur Singh Lyngdoh. She has also held several posts such as Vice President, General Secretary and Treasurer under the supervision of former President Shibun Lyngdoh.
St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, Pyndengrei won the best team in both the men's and women's category while JNV Nongstoiñ won the best March past team. .
You can also lodge a complaint at the following numbers: 9436110184.8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
She said that the NPP is not a foreign party but a party of the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people who are the citizens of the state. the state.
According to the rules, the Control Unit and the Paper Slips (VVPAT) should be sealed and placed in separate boxes where the Returning Officer will have to take count.
Another 250 lawyers from Kurukshetra, Panipat, Rohtak, Karnal and Panchkula districts of Punjab arrived by bus to take part in the protest.
SI R Rymbai, who investigated the incident, conducted a thorough investigation and requested to take the body to the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat for post-mortem examination.
The ambulance was purchased under the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) 2020-2
The names that are abbreviated are
After a thorough investigation, the woman also confessed that she had stolen the check and used the money she had stolen from her husband's house in the past few days. left.
In the men's category, Prannoy beat Chico Aura DWI Wardoyo 21-16, 5-21, 21-18 in the pre-quarter match. He beat Japanese Kodai Naraoka 21-14, 20-22, 21-9
It has made the world easier through the World Wide Web, not only to talk but also to see face to face (video call).
“Last November, I went to Delhi and met Radha Mohan Singh, but I came back empty-handed,” he said.
If you are the residents of Khasi Jaintia and vote for the RDA candidate, we will talk to the Government of India to open adequate markets in East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills to increase income. you're right," said Mr. Robert.
“The UDP stands to fight against the evils that threaten the people.
He said that during the rainy season, the road supply is cut from the area, the road is repaired and vehicles can reach these areas.
However, the Secretary of JHADC said that the investigation has been completed but the report of the inquiry will be released soon.
They have also disappeared from their homes since the evening of the 15th of this month.
He said that the changing times have affected the investigation of any crime and illegal activities and recalled that the Supreme Court has ordered that the police stations should investigate any crime and illegal activities. CCTV cameras, to take pictures and keep accurate records when conducting any investigation into crimes.
Md. Jahirul Haque, 23, son of Sared Ali Munshi of Chapar Balajan, Golaganj, Md. Minal Haque, 19, son of Md Taser Ali, Motajhar, Golaganj, all are Khar Muslims except Amal Mani Das, Parimal Mani Das of North Raipur Pt-1 is a Hindu from Dhubri District of Assam.
“The government is taking teachers seriously to ensure that they get their salaries on time,” he said.
What you should not do is; Avoid touching your eyes, avoid using the same personal items, don't use contact lenses and stop going to school, college, office and any work if you are still affected. pain until the redness of the eyes disappears.
The first husband represents our soul.
On the incident, the suspect, the kynja and the truck have been handed over to the police of the area for further investigation.
According to the changing circumstances and changing times, the way of working and thinking has changed. In the past, we thought that teaching the Word of God was only through the churches or in the homes.
Lukashenko was speaking at a meeting at a factory where many workers shouted at him, "Mih shi syndon.
The Khasi man does not have up to 12 powers as they say.
“We want the farmers to return to their fields as usual,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
He said that once one of them dies, they don't stop fighting until inside the ksing of the fish there are only a few fish that cover the kiaw ngap so that they can't see anymore.
“I request the government to take immediate action to resolve this issue as the people are facing problems especially the poor,” she said. “The company does not pay overtime”.
The two organizations said that through the smuggling of foreign vehicles, there has been a huge loss of income for tourist taxis and tourist operators in Meghalaya. .
Furthermore, 116 NDPS cases were registered in 2022 and this increased to 189 in 2023 while 13 cases have been registered in the first two months of arrested from 2022 to
The Kur Warjri Central Body through the presidents and secretaries of the various units of the Kur should inform the Kur Warjri Central Body on or before the 5th of this month. Please call us at -9
The interrogation lasted two hours and the Mother’s response was all recorded by the police.
Thomas Passah President of KHNAM Youth Wing said that the KHNAM Youth Wing has been informed three days in advance about the collection of water from Khlieh Iew. “From now on, we will leave without warning, we want to ensure that the water distributed to the public is safe to drink without any fear,” said Thomas Passah. .
The deadline for receipt of forms will be on July 3, while the age check will be on July 6 and
Chatterjee, one of the BJP leaders, also held a cow worship day on Tuesday and on that day, he distributed to those who attended the programme. drink the cow's milk.
In the 2013 election, the fiercest contest was between Dr. Don and Bah Leston where Dr. Don defeated Bah Leston by only 355 votes.
Shillong, March 24: The Durga Puja celebrations of Hindus in Meghalaya ended on Tuesday with the immersion of the gods at the designated places in Shillong. .
He said that the implementation of this scheme is only for the construction of a deep tube well and water treatment plant to benefit more than 12,000 households and more than 7.54 lakh liters of water per day.
He said that if anything happens to the residents of the area, the Assam government should take responsibility and at the same time he urged the Meghalaya government to strengthen the security forces. for the purpose of providing full protection to the people of the area to avoid any tragic incident.
Shillong, June 16: : The owners of two houses, Twintina Nongneng and Risuk Wanshon, have lost all their belongings inside their house after a sudden fire broke out in their house. This morning, 16th June 2024, at about 8:30 pm, a fire broke out at Mawiong Umjapung Block A. According to information, the cause of the fire was due to a power outage. I have given my master the land because he himself lives elsewhere.
On the other hand, Bah Ransom Sutnga, President of NRE Pageant India Private Limited, said that the company is ready to join hands and support the programme.
On the start of the discussions on the boundary settlement, Prestone said that the Regional Committee from Ri Bhoi District has already started its first meeting to discuss only within the state before with Assam. It has also set up a Regional Committee on its behalf.
“However, we will see the start of coal mining through the law.
The other two friends include Shilingbest Langrin and Kmenlang Nonglang and the body of Kmenlang Nonglang has not been found yet.
The scheme, which has been approved by the Food Security Bill, stipulates that the price of rice will be T.3 per kilo to be distributed to the poorest households in the country. whole.
The NPP will nominate Agatha K Sangma, sister of Conrad K Sangma, for this election and it will be difficult for the Congress to win from Tura if it does not get a strong candidate.
On the other hand, the BJP president said that the party leadership will soon appoint those who hold various positions in the party from district, mandal, including those at the state level. no President.
Worse still, there were 139 cases of kidnapping that year, according to police records posted on the website and two cases of human trafficking.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, today announced that these areas in the northern part of the district have been affected by the floods.
Many households still have to buy food from the market but the ration provided by the government has also helped a lot of households who are still in need.
With the victory of this youngster, Meghalaya has won its first medal in this tournament.
The meeting was attended by 18 Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries of the affected Shnongs of Sutnga Elaka.
The fear of power steals the full life, kills the joy and optimism in life.
benister@gmail.com.
The car has a voice enabled smart electric sunroof, CNG engine, dual camera dashcam, AC vents, footwell lighting, map lamp, rooflamp and others.
Truck drivers are requested to bring their valid License, Resident Certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, 2 Passport photographs.
It is also surprising to hear that Suchen village, which is the village where the Myntdu Leshka Project is located, has received electricity since last year. They provide electricity to the companies owned by the Dkhars who come to earn money, while we who have the right to receive it, who are the full citizens, who are the electors of the Dkhars. We don't hear them talking about these two projects, such as the employment of the people of the area for the benefit of the people,” said Bah. Peace.
The moments when we leave our work or thoughts only to ourselves and our needs.
On Thursday night, four persons including the victims went to the house of Bah Lambha and the crowd followed them.
Shillong, June 21: Three golden flowers on Lum Shyllong have been sold to a Mali who looks after them just because he wants power and wealth.
I write this article to remind everyone not to follow and believe what the world wants us to be but to ask questions before accepting anything that the world reveals to us.
“So far, there are 11 BSF personnel, one of whom has been discharged from hospital, four are in quarantine, after they too have been discharged from hospital,” said UK Nayal. On the other hand, Dr A.War, BSF spokesman, said that they have already held a meeting with the BSF departments in this regard. of troops who have to return to continue their work in Meghalaya.
Messi came forward to kick and without a mistake scored the first goal for France in the 23rd minute.
After receiving a tip, the police rushed to the scene and after the vehicle arrived at the scene, the police stopped the truck and questioned the driver. The driver of the truck, who admitted that the truck was carrying Ganja.
Jesus is the Lamb to be sacrificed on Mount Calvary.
Up to 25 boys from across the country have been selected by the All India Junior Boys Selection Committee of the BCCI. U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy in the men's category was held from 1st to 23rd November, 2022 in Baroda.
However, it is so surprising that it has not yet started.
Shillong: The Umiam Police Station in Ri-Bhoi District has been temporarily closed down after some of its employees tested positive for COVID-1
The Kur held a memorial service for him on the 26th of November at the home of Hilarius Siangshai, Adviser of the party in Shillong, in the presence of Charles C Phawa General Secretary. Siangshai Adviser, Lenar Phawa Chairman Arts and Culture, Meera Siangshai EC Member, Donush Siangshai Member and others.
Inside a bag,there were 80 soap cases where drugs were hidden.
She said that she has not yet met Grace Mary Kharpuri, the NPP candidate from Shella, but she is confident that she will work with the NPP office bearers in the constituency and the state.
" The two accused will be examined.
Therefore, through the meetings with the people in the villages, it was clear that the government should wake up.
The Minister said that the sudden shutdown of coal by NGT in the state in 2014 has put pressure on the budget of the state government to the point that it has to suspend the distribution of M-Tab.
The India-Bangladesh Border Grievance Committee, South Garo Hills, has demanded that the Government of India should pay compensation to the affected families. should leave these parts of the signboard.
On the other hand, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, has informed many manufacturers such as traditional musical instruments, manufacturers of food items, manufacturers of decorative items in the living rooms of the households and others.
It is learned that these are the husbands, who have lost themselves and who want only to save their children from the Taliban.
Ajima Sangma took one wicket for 14 runs, Debasmita Dutta took one wicket for 24 runs, Rubi Chettri took one wicket for 24 runs and Anita Lodhi (guest player) took one wicket for 42 runs for Meghalaya. .
Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) Chairperson Sonia Gandhi has met with Manipur party leaders, including former Chief Minister O. Ibobi Singh and others to discuss and exchange views on the and conditions in the state.
He said that if it had happened a year ago, it would have been with the help of any political party.
Lajong made changes in the second half with Henry Nongneng and Aman Ahlawat missing.
This phenomenon can also lead to visual impairment and even blindness.
“After 10:00 pm, many people don't feel comfortable walking on the streets.
He said that the message is clear to the government and the non-government parties that if they force the railway line, the fire will burn among the youth.
Jesus was accepted as God’s gift.
The Tamil Nadu Education Minister has made it clear that the bill will be rejected by the Tamil Nadu government, as the state will introduce a two-language law, Tamil and English.
Some 27,490 people have been killed and wounded in Israel's offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza.
NPP President Conrad K Sangma has said it is clear that he will contest from South Tura, which is his constituency and there is nothing to change but if anything it will be up to the party.
“Bah Ivan Lyngdoh has apologized to the students for the problems they are facing and announced that from now on, buses will be provided according to the demand of NEHUSU,” said Finance Secretary Mandor Lyngdoh in a statement. given after the campaign.
Special thanks to Arena Hyniewta, Grace Mary Kharpuri for donating the cups, to Bah Polestar Mawroh for donating food for the 3 days and also to the Kickstart football coaching team who came. from Shillong to play a friendly match against Little Star Football Club.
On 21st June, the NHRC had ordered Assam and Meghalaya and the Government of India to send the report of the inquiry into the case.
Umphrup SC's victory has qualified them for the final which will be held on July 17, 2023 where Deputy Chief Minister P.Tynsong will be the chief guest.
We will continue to improve so that such incidents can be prevented,” he said.
He said that the synjuk has been operating for more than 40 years in the area and when they find that the hills and forests have been burnt down, they monitor to find those involved.
In addition, police have arrested three persons including the driver and follower of the bus.
They said that the Sub-Centre is located at Mawkadiang which is about 15 km on foot from the village and about 18 km on foot to the Civil Hospital at Mawïaban.
"It seems that the Nazis' treatment of the Jews was not really done of their own free will, perhaps as if God was using them, that's why in his mind, that the Nazis, it can be said, were not seriously wrong, even if they seemed to act freely, as if they were under God's plan.
Teibor said he has received a promising reply from the Minister, who has confirmed to send engineers to inspect the Umshyllong-Mawlai Water Supply Scheme soon to supply water to Mawlai Umthlong and others. villages such as Nongpathaw and Nongmadan.
Mawkyrwat, July 31: As part of the celebration of the International Water Conclave 2024, the District Level Painting Competition (DLPC) 2024 was held on Tuesday. inside the Hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh, June 20: U MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah George B. Lyngdoh as the chief guest today launched the 108th Ambulance for the Kyrdem PHC. will serve for the sick especially in times of emergency or medical needs.
Meanwhile, the Knia Khlam and Wahbhang, which are the last rituals, were performed after the breaking of the rot.
In the absence of the people, the MLAs, especially those on the side of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) government, had to express their agreement that the time has come to change the government. The Reservation Policy does not specify how you want it to change.
She opened up in fear and he took advantage and raped her until she gave birth and it became clear that he was the one who raped her.
This means that out of 100, the number of shares will be 40, 40, 15 and
In the second half, Bansanbha had one chance for Mawkhar after he scored the first goal in the 48th minute.
I will live for my country because the most important reason is the growth in income. The victory of my country will bring my own victory in my goal.
He was accompanied by the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA Shilang Pale, DC, SP, PWD and NHAI Engineers. The NH 6 at Lumshnong has affected traffic to neighboring states from Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
“This group will continue to monitor issues such as the border settlement after the formation of the new government in Delhi,” he said.
The earthquake, measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale, struck the city of Petit Trou de Nippes, 150 km west of Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
The floods have reached the danger zone at Namsasujan, near Lahing Station in Mariani.
I am trying to bring about change in Meghalaya.
A young man has married two young girls in Madhya Pradesh at the same place, on the same day and at the same time.
Sanbor said that Ronnie's statement is not true because even during the COVID-19 pandemic, he is the one who speaks well in the House where the State Government has allocated ` 50 lakh each constituency to support the people with food items, and other necessities as much as possible because the people were affected at that time.
With this victory, they have reached the quarter finals of the Super Cup.
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the NHAI to submit its report before the High Court on the 29th of this month.
The VPP recalls that in a meeting held on 13th November at the CM's office, they were informed that the government has almost completed the creation of the The committee has almost completed and only the chairman is left, which will take only two or three months.
Before the climb to the top of the hill, there was a thanksgiving ceremony by the elders of the traditional organization who held a prayer on the hill.
She said that the video which was circulated on social media of two children accused of stealing food from a shop has reached the attention of the Commission. they are no longer allowed to come to school.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC have won the title of the U-18 Shillong Premier League after beating Rangdajied United FC in the final of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday. Polo field.
Shillong, July 27: Police in West Garo Hills District on Thursday seized T.16,53,900 worth of cash from a vehicle in violation of the Model Code of Vehicles. Conduct.
The Minister said that at present nothing can be said because it was previously handed over to the company.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by Ma Denis Kurkalang.
Soolangki Laloo July 8, 2021 This is the first time that Chad Niam Behdieñkhlam has been celebrated.
The 10 most populous areas in Ri Bhoi District are Nongpoh, Umsning, Bhoirymbong, Umiam, Umsning, 20mer, Khanapara, Patharkhmah and Mawhati. The Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Act (MRGA) 2021 has been repealed by the government.
The MDA government is Team B of the BJP and therefore it has to obey them.
Vehicles carrying goods to other states will have to stop when they reach the area and will have to carry back by small vehicles.
In the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly elections, for Scheduled Tribe (ST) candidates, the security deposit is T.5,000 while for General candidates, T.5,0 it is T.10,000 each.
He said that according to the RTI, in 2018, the Integrated Watershed Management Program (IWMP) has distributed Rs 5 lakh to 34 beneficiaries but no one has received this money except those in the state. house of this former Rangbah Shnong.
At the same time, the president of KHNAM said that the demands of KHNAM are to protect the country and the nation from the forces who want to destroy it.
These children will also be provided with free education and will be enrolled in a Kendriya Vidyalaya or a private school nearby and the fee will be paid from the fee. of PM Cares and will also be paid for uniforms, books and other necessities.
Meghalaya has 70 percent literate population but this does not mean that it is educated.
“The Deputy Commissioners have been directed to be vigilant on the situation in these days for the reopening of schools in their districts,” said Dr Tiwari.
Speeches were also delivered by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, former MLA Justine Dkhar, Head of Narwan Village, Bah Lamsuk Langstang.
“We haven't received the remaining salary for almost two years and in 2020 alone, the government will have to pay T.20 crore to more than 400 employees and this year they haven't paid anything,” he said. He said that until now, the government has sent only 5% of the monthly salary.
“Don't worry about NRC and CAB. We will not allow it in Bengal.
Therefore, the UDP will not be able to support the Government.
IFAD's report sent to the IX Session of the UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFII) clearly states that some IFAD development projects and assistance programs have been implemented in areas where These development projects have been implemented by the North Eastern Region Community Resource Management Project (NERCoRMP).
This step effectively administers the rules.
Urging the VPP to take action on the illegal roster, Passah said, “We fully support the VPP on its demand to review the Reservation Policy 1972 and to fight for the right roster. to work from the beginning is not to turn back from the beginning.
“The existence of this CRC will also help the village to generate income through the use of this house by the people, whether they are from within the village or even from outside,” he said.
The areas affected by the water shortage will be the villages under the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board, Nongthymmai and Mawlai.
He said that the body of the child was found in good health without any signs of injury and later the police handed over the child. to Bianglin Mawlieh, your mother.
Shillong: The death today is confirmed by Spaindarlin Lyngkhoi, (46) of Nongktieh, Manai, WK Hills, who died at home on 29-06-2 Rajen Bareh, (65) of Rangsapara, WJ Hills, died at home on the 30th of this month. 06-2021, an 18-day-old child, son of Antiful L.Sangriang, from Mawkyrwat, SWK, was taken to Nazareth Hospital on 30-06-2 , Albert Bamon, (89) of Chilliangraij, WJ Hills, who died at home on 21-06-2021 and Shalin Marboh, (28) of Mawlynrei, EK Hills, who died at home. on June 30,
While congratulating Pala, the AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya said that Bah Pala can achieve the aspirations of the people.
The Lyngdohs and Sordar Shnongs of the Hima demanded that the Dy.CEM should explain the reasons and grounds for the appointment of the removed person, by showing the reasons according to the reports. Otherwise, they accuse him of misleading and violence just because he is in power.
The election candidates are now more rich, and the venue of the democratic festival has been covered with the pum-pum of the power of money.
Sometimes I think that besides these other problems of our state, even the state without a proper border is not right because in some places we have lost many lives. which are valuable.
The age census was held on the 21st of this month and there was a stir due to the delay in completion until dark.
Shillong: The Sonapyrdi Dorbar Shnong, Meghalaya, has convened a meeting with all the villages affected by the Eco-Sensitive Zones in the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary area. 27th March 2018 at Kuliang.
The flag of the country may not be displayed as equipment, covering the windows of vehicles, or the rear of vehicles.
Shillong, March 29: Kharang SC, Iatyllilang SC and Mawkriah West SC have become the last team to reach the semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football Tournament. League 2023, and this came after beating Madan S&CC Salit by 10 goals in the quarter final match on Saturday.
Tura, Lber 4: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the academic block and two hostels for boys and girls of Captain Williamson Sangma Government College. which was held at this college.
The menu contains a wide variety of foods, whether vegetarian or meat-based or non-vegetarian. people can choose the type of food they want, including appetizers, main courses, beverages, and sweets they didn't eat dessert.
Shillong: The number of cases in Nongkseh has dropped from 80 to 15, according to the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
The office was reportedly damaged.
Women can only form and become office bearers only in a women's organization under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong.
Since the NPP is leading the MDA 2.0 government, we would like to remind the party of its promise during the elections.
“If they still don't have soap, we give it to them and if they take 100 grams of soap, the price of soap is given according to the price of the companies,” said the trader.
Forty MPs from his own Conservative party have opposed Johnson and demanded that he step down as prime minister. They celebrated at his residence at 10 Downing Street during the country's lockdown due to the covid-19 pandemic.
The election of the full Syiem of Mylliem Hima will be held on the 20th June 2023 at 12:00 pm at the Conference Hall, Shillong. According to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act, 2007, the Presiding Officer shall be appointed.
The Chief Minister has no interest in helping these families,” she said.
The Commerce and Industries Department of the state is ready to build bridges, roads and water supply systems under the ASIDE scheme of the Ministry of Commerce and Industries, Government of India.
The hostel will be run by the Garo Welfare Society, Lumshatsngi Kench's Trace and the Working Women Hostel will be funded by the Social Welfare Department of the State Government under the Special Plan Assistant Fund,
Because the planting of boundary stones from the names makes them strengthen the foundation of that place.
“At present, the Polo Market is like a household for the residents of Jaiaw area, and this has encouraged them to go to Polo and they are more comfortable and closer to Khyndai Lad,” he said. .
Government of India and State Government offices can operate at a capacity of 30 percent of the total number of employees.
It was in the year 2016-17 that some people came to Kongthong to make a documentary film on Jingrwai Iawbei, where the group of Bah Rothell Khongsit was involved as the actors. It is very fortunate that the documentary film “My name is eeoow” has received an award from the UK in
Speaking at a meeting of KHNAM in Mawhati, Bah Adelbert said that the BJP has started to infiltrate the state by the political parties in the state.
One of the biggest reasons why we will be overwhelmed by the high paid is that we are low paid, and therefore there is a vacuum in society.
Referring to the rules and regulations to be followed in time for the campaign, the Chief Minister said that they are still waiting for the order from the Election Commission of India and once received they will decide. know those rules.
We would also like to clarify here that we don't feel the need to fight or shake hands with the coke owners (who register and get only 5% share) who don't have any education or who don't have that. knowledge in society; but our struggle is to open the blind eyes of the government and its departments who are responsible for the lives and livelihoods of the people. The MSPCB (Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board) has 24 rules that coke factories must comply with; and if they shall violate any of these regulatory requirements, the BOARD shall use its authority to suspend any factory violating the regulatory requirements.
Alexander Laloo Hek un bat iaka Department of Health & Family Welfare, Home (Jail), Home (Passport), Arts & Culture.
Shillong: The family members of the 3rd Battalion Meghalaya Police Officer, Bah Roningson Kharthangmaw, today in a meeting with the media, demanded that the Meghalaya government should provide urgent treatment for the deceased. They are admitted to Delhi Civil Hospital.
Harresh Mehta of Rohan Lifespaces Ltd. has been arrested by the Economic Offenses Wing (EOW) of the CBI. The CBI has filed a complaint received from the Thane Branch Bank against the directors of RRL including Vijay Gupta and Ajay Gupta.
Furthermore, the spread of a video of the body of a child being tortured has affected many.
Police have not yet arrested the suspects but are still searching for them.
He said that the lighting of the post electric poses a serious threat to the passengers. The union urges those who are in charge of this work to visit and inspect so that such as These old and long-standing posts need to be replaced to avoid any tragic incident. The union also said that the department should not do what it should do when it is posted. Something bad has happened, but we must take immediate action to do what is necessary because we must put our precious life first.
Research will pave the way for our future and for young people in the right direction.
Besides, Bah Thongni said that the people living in the border areas especially those who are not Khasi have two EPICs from both the states.
There are constituencies where the people have renewed their leaders and there are also those who are still being re-elected by the people in their constituencies.
The Sur ki Nongmawlai, has thrown stones at the gate of the Secretariat, along with a slogan demanding the temporary dismissal of the police chiefs involved in the shooting death of the police chief. Mr. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
The Dolloi of Raliang Elaka has expressed his gratitude to the government and the people who have come forward to fight against COVID-19 from doctors, nurses, police, volunteers, Waheh Shnongs and others who have worked hard to fight against COVID-1 to fight the disease in their own strength and way of working.
In this regard, Shillong Lajong have announced on social media (Facebook) that they are happy to bring back the winger.
It is learned that these people have their Aadhar numbers, but it is believed that these documents are not complete.
Bengaluru Smashers – Sachin Shetty & Vesna OjstersekDabang Delhi TTC – A Muralidhara Rao  & Slobodan GrujicU Mumba TT – Anshul Garg & Francisco Santos.
“It's enough for you to eat first,” said the mother.
“We want to get an answer that can be accepted by both the states and to end this long standing problem and we will move forward to get a proper answer. ".
The Jirang MLA was accompanied by Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, health officials and others. who have family members of those infected with COVID-1
He said that in fact as a leader of the people, she should have spoken for peace and unity between the Karbi and Khasi, but she has uttered these words which have really affected the people. The Bhoi people for hundreds of years and until now there has never been any difference between the Karbi and the Khasi.
He said that the construction of the TB hospital at Umsawli, Mawdiangdiang is progressing well and once completed, it will be moved to the area so that the work of the Shillong Medical College can start at that site. .
The awards were presented by Viceroy Alson Nongtdu, Phasmon Dkhar, MDC JHADC, Thomas Nongtdu, Topas Lapasam and Simi Khongtiang along with the office bearers of EJAMSA. He passed away on 16th June,
Rev.I.Kharkongor in his book Ka Lawei u Khasi writes: Corruption is another way of making money.
The strengthening of the nation through the family, this is the fact that any nation with a strong family is a strong and stable nation.
Therefore, according to the letter, the village leaders expressed their deep sorrow over the incident, and urged the contractor to start the construction of the road. , to provide comfort to the members of the Presbyterian Church, who will attend the Synod service of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Church.
The rescued identify Twistiful Shangdiar, 38, Tiewlili Shangdiar, 18, Phran Thongni, 22, Kevin Shangdiar, 2, 3 months and Kolondar Thongni, 26, all from Siejlieh. They include Firstmonrose Lyngdoh, 20, and Kyrpang Myrthong, 23, from Dilingiem.
It was also announced that further information regarding the venue and time of the opening will be announced soon.
Referring to the lack of salaries of teachers, Bah Paul said that this is due to many reasons and to get rid of this, the entire Education Department needs to be reformed and improved. .
The NPP+BJP will elect any leader from among themselves to be the Chief Minister from any party to lead the coalition government as they are more qualified and accept to lead. to the new coalition government.
From June to July, thousands of people have been affected by the heavy rains which have caused floods and landslides and damaged houses.
“I slept like I was dead and I didn't feel anything because I was so sad for my brother,” said Bah Riborskem Nongkynrih, who is the brother-in-law of Bah Roning Nongkynrih. A truck driver was shot dead by the Border Security Forces (BSF) on the night of 5th June.
Furthermore, the report said that Deepak's journey in the tournament remains for him to ensure that he will win a medal.
Nongpoh, July 31: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RIWWE) has launched a campaign to promote sports in Ri Bhoi District and to encourage talented youth to develop in various sports activities. RBYWO) today took another step to inform the government through the Minister in charge of Sports for the purpose of turning its attention to Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, November 05: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi today said that there are 2.5 lakh drug users in the state. Dr. Bishnoi said that the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India has conducted a curfew across the country including in the Union Territories.
The court has ordered the Principal Secretary (Home), Principal Secretary (Medical & Health) and Director General (Medical & Health) to ensure that from now on the reports of the patients should be written clearly so that they can be read. and entries must also be typed on a computer.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has requested the World Bank to build resource recovery centres. Center starting first from the villages in East Khasi Hills District.
Village clubs compete every year to raise funds and meet their needs.
The General Secretary of the party in the evening announced that Bah Ardent is well but due to his illness. The body had to rest for a while and it was seen that as soon as they heard this news, not only did they applaud but they clapped their hands and some of them shouted “Amen Amen to the glory of God”.
Regarding these people, HANM has found and evacuated them from the area. It is highly suspected that they may be people who came from Bangladesh, where they came to work in the rural area. long only to rest and escape from the trouble.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Police have shot dead Sengbathson D Shira, alias Sengbath, Deputy Commander of the ASAK. Vikas Singh, Government of India, was shot dead by police at Kemdang village in South Garo Hills.
He urged the people who have opposed the Kyiad shop, not to mushlia or persuade the rangbah to open the Kyiad shop, because as the village authorities, Raid and the government have given Therefore, the residents should not allow the Kyiad shop to open, because as it is now, there are many illegal Kyiad shops in the Nongpoh area. If the government has received permission, it may completely destroy these illegal shops.
It is learned and suspected that in the past few months, most of those who have entered the state are foreigners who are not residents of Meghalaya.
The delegates of the B20 Conference in Mizoram wanted to trade with local entrepreneurs and the State Government will provide the necessary support for this development.
The Eastern Riwar (Pynursla Area) has indeed been a special area given by Mother Nature with its unique beauty in its diversity.
Otherwise, the existence of the District Council which should preserve the natural resources among other things is of no use.
Although the state government has been quick to send the resignation of the MDCs who have been holding the post of MLA, it is still easy to hold the elections which has been almost 10 years since the MDCs of KHADC and JHADC who have been holding the post of MLA. they resigned in April last year.
“Hospitals like CHC/PHC or other testing centers do not have the equipment to test, how can we prevent or eradicate this disease.
The Mawlyngbna Multipurpose Cooperative Society was established to oversee the arrival and departure of tourists to the Umkhakoi Multipurpose Reservoir.
The union also said that the installation of smart meters will cause problems to the low income and illiterate consumers, as there is no guarantee that the electricity bill will be perfect as it should be.
The report said Britain would be the first country to introduce driverless buses in Scotland at this time.
It was found that 19 of them did not match their marks, even after a forensic test.
The Association strongly condemned the allegation and said it affects the dignity of the Khasi nurses and their work as a whole.
Leaders of the KSU Eastern Border Area, NKHD, led by its president Samla Banjop Maring, together with the members of the KSU, after finding the illegal quarrying by the DCC in the Umiam River. , which was used by dumpers and dumpers, so they went to stop the dumpers to quarry stone and also blocked the dumper trucks to carry stone from the river.
Therefore, I received messages from school or from friends.
The residents are also requested to collect their share from the Fair Price Shop Centers in their villages.
Danggo's joining the BJP came after his supporters demanded that he should leave the NPP and send him back to contest from the BJP in the 27th Congressional Elections. 10th June.
Jesus One of the events about the children of Israel was that Jesus said, “You shall neither worship the Father on this mountain nor in Jerusalem.
that the French had made Assam part of Bengal, and had placed Assam under the jurisdiction of the Commissioner.
OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School joined the Sports Authority of India in 2015 and in 2013 won the title in the School Football Tournament across the country. the Subroto Cup.
“I am very happy and grateful to my teachers and parents who have supported me physically and spiritually.
Mamata will address party officials at the State Central Library and celebrate Christmas at Windermere Resort in the evening.
This is the second time that a young woman from Manipur has been confirmed positive for the disease.
New Delhi: The Central Government has extended the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS) for 10 months till 30th November, 2020, or until the release of Rs 3 lakh crore under this scheme. scheme, as soon as possible, in connection with the opening of various income-related activities and an increase in demand is expected during the ongoing festive season.
Khliehriat, Naitung 31: A truck has overturned on the road at Malidor, killing 10 passengers on the National Highway from Ratacherra, Malidor and Sonapur, East. Jaintia Hills District has been affected by a heavy traffic jam for almost 24 hours, as the traffic jam started at about 9 pm yesterday and till the time of writing of this news. vehicles are still lighting slowly until about 6 pm.
In the Sub-Junior Boys' National Football Championship, Meghalaya, which is in Group-A, will face Karnataka, SAI and Uttar Pradesh.
The Doctor said, “Oh, Doctor, I don't know what this child is lying about.
The seized sugar was handed over to the Police for further investigation.
When asked this question, it can be seen from the discussions in the Constituent Assembly on the drafting of the Constitution until it becomes the final Constitution. " the British Area (Khasi & Jaintia Hills District) to be included in one State of India together with the Khasi States, as provided for in paragraph 4 of the Annexed The Agreement, which was part of the Instrument of Accession signed by the Khasi States and the Government of the Dominion of India, but was in vain, in which the Khasi States were relegated to the category Sixth Schedule.
However, one of the most important steps towards universal health coverage is the Ayushman Bharat PM-Jan Arogya Yojana which provides services to nearly 55 crore people including 40% of the poorest people in India by providing up to T 5 lakh per annum per household for hospitalization expenses.
However, it is the team that has managed to end its loss of winning the trophy that it has been waiting for for seven years, with a good performance in the current season, in which The team has won the League Cup under the leadership of Erik ten Hag as the current manager.
Drivers, if possible, are welcome to have their mobile numbers on their vehicles for the convenience of volunteers.
Shillong: Passengers from Umroi Airport, who were scheduled to leave for Aizawl, Mizoram, today, have been suspended due to natural disasters.
Modi will arrive at Sulur Airport in Thiruvananthapuram at 2.05 pm on 27th June.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) West Khasi Hills District has demanded that when giving permission for the holding of meat competitions, they should give permission not only to look after the competition. but also to ensure the safety of the public who walk and stand so that it does not affect others and the work done by others should not affect the walk and stand of others.
The UN chief's remarks came on the opening day of a meeting in Kinshasa, the Congolese capital, to prepare for the summit in Egypt to be held in November.
“However, he was taken to Shillong District Jail until 7th July.
About half an hour later, the man came back with four others to attack the woman and her son, steal money from the shop and fled the scene.
When asked whether the Congress will contest in 2023 from Mawshynrut, some said that to avoid the flag raising and the dissolution of the party, if anyone applies for a ticket, it will be given. They also said that even if we estimate that until the 2023 election, there will be more than 5,000 supporters.
Since the post of president, I have been appointed as CEM.
According to him, the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country has a special provision for the indigenous peoples of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram to protect the identity of these indigenous peoples. these areas.
The Women's Football Tournament also attracted foreign players like Elshaddai Acheampong and Adriana Tirado, who played for Gokulam Kerala FC. Melbourne City FC, Rangers FC and others have come to hold camps to select Indian players. by holding a camp in Kolkata recently.
“The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) of Trichy seized 1197.5 grams of 24-carat gold worth T.72,73,781 from two men and a woman who were passengers.
Moodop Royal, Pateinki Sabah, FAM and Mookyrdup won the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday. .
Within a month, they came twice.
The campaign was supported by the office of the District Health and Medical Officer, East Khasi Hills in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Maweitnai, Bah Drain Kharmon, office bearers of the BJP State Mahila. Morcha and the people.
The death toll has risen to 1,6
The Minister also spoke to doctors, farmers and officers of the department at the Directorate of AH & Veterinary in Lumdiengjri.
Regarding this incident, it is learned that the Ri Bhoi Police have conducted an investigation into the incident and together with the NHAI employees have tried to run the public vehicles smoothly to avoid the traffic jam. Public vehicles passing through the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah OS Kharbuli, Executive Engineer of MePDCL, Shillong, expressed his gratitude to God for welcoming us. the joy together with the fire of nature, the king of nature who has been brightened and our fire which has been filled with golden and silver waters in this dance of joy.
On this day, 23 Indian soldiers went missing from Bardang near Singtam town, and one of them was rescued.
Khliehriat, Naitung 20 : The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, has issued an order to all shopkeepers and shopkeepers and all the public to accept 10 tyngka notes. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued a notice to the public that the 10 tyngka note will be prosecuted under sections 188 IPC. in East Jaintia Hills District, because the shopkeepers whether they are big or small shops do not accept the 10 tyngka fee.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State is a rightful demand, 'because the Khasi people have their own way of life, their own customs and traditions. the language of the thylliej, its own way of holding the land, the shyiap, the way of life, is different.
The students were rushed to Jayarogya Hospital, a government hospital, on Tuesday night.
No information has been received in this regard.
The Minister said that he believes that there will be 100% implementation of Government schemes and he looks forward to the day when all the poor will have cards to get food items. gas connection from the Ujjwala scheme, electricity in their homes, running water, Ayushman Card and adequate housing.
Informing that the survey will be conducted by the Survey of India, Conrad said, “The survey will be conducted by the Survey of India and the survey will be conducted jointly by the Survey of India. The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam cannot do it alone.
For those who don't want to stay, they can just take herbal medicines,” he added.
When I reached the JCB on the ground, I fell on the spring in front of me.
Jowai, Naiwieng 4: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has received an allocation of T.6.04 crore for the installation of 1000 LED solar lights. the power of the sun.
Shillong, November 3, 2013: There will be experts in the field of agriculture to enlighten the people who will come from different villages of the area. The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has decided to summon the officials of MeECL and the Electricity Department of the State Government for their inability to provide full protection to the people of the State. ding.
He said that the employees find it difficult to come to the office because they don't have a car to pay for, and when they come they have to walk even from a distance.
At the time of writing, police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out who was involved in the burning of the newborn baby a few hours ago in the forest.
Shillong, March 16: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet taken a decision whether to support Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Leader of the PDF and CEM of KHADC, after he was expelled for three years. party Congress.
Regarding the allegation, Bah Likshon Syiem from Mawri and B.Kharsyiemlieh from Langja village, told this reporter that in the past few months they have collected They held a public meeting at Umthlu Village, where they invited all the people of these villages from the elderly, women, youth and even children.
“We have looked at the benefits or disadvantages of those freight trains.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of JHTOA Bah Biangshwa Shylla said that before the JHTOA takes a decision to end the strike, there will be a meeting. The meeting between the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills including the Additional Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, the JHTOA, the Association of Foreign Cement Factories under the banner of the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association and the (EJHTOTA) to discuss the demands of JHTOA. He said that at this meeting the Union of Foreign Mining Factories has promised to give 40 plots to JHTOA and 40 plots to EJHTO&TA and this arrangement will be for six months. before.
The former CM said that the media has portrayed Henry Lalremsanga as the leader of a drug trafficking gang who was arrested along with the son of the former Congress MLA.
" said Panah.
He said the state government cannot use coal in the state as Coal India Ltd has not yet auctioned the coal in the state.
Because he went to hunt birds in the forest with his two friends after the service.
The light outage has also affected government offices as the power supply has been cut off.
“Only last month I had the opportunity to sit down with an L.P.skul (SSA) teacher.
Both the teams have scored five points each in the MSL with Umkseh in third place and Umrit in fourth place on goal difference by ( -5 / -13).
The residents said that the truck could have caught fire because of the coal, because the coal imported from Sunapur comes from Malaysia, USA, China and even from Australia. too many can catch fire at any time.
He recalled the incidents in Smit where he as an MDC had driven out in the middle of the night to reconcile the people who were in conflict with the police.
The SWAT team had to stop the fighting due to the presence of civilians in the forest. It was learned that no one was killed or injured in the fighting. The GNLA escaped from the scene.
Regarding the increasing number of thefts in the Mawlai area, the MLA expressed his deep sorrow and urged the police department to take action to curb these crimes.
The VPP is a political party.
The Committee also decided to support the rally organized by the HYC, which is a protest to force the government to send the VAB of KHADC and JHADC to the Governor to empower the elders. village.
The three Seng Bhalangs urged all those living in the border areas to strengthen this peace and stability through cooperation in whatever problems we face, and as of now they have become the free in all aspects from agriculture to travel we have found that there are no more smugglers as in the past years.
The question for the district authorities is whether they will be able to bring government employees to work tomorrow as the Sengbhalang has declared an office blockade to protest against the government's failure to meet their demands.
He said that Adhoc school teachers will continue to wear the ribbons when going to schools across the state.
He also held a public meeting with the youth to demand changes and improvements in the working methods of the Congress party which has lost many prominent leaders in the past months with the departure of many leaders like Kapil Sibal, Jaiveer Shergill, Sunil Jakhar, Amarinder Singh, RPN Singh, Ashwani Kumar, Ghulam Nabi Azad and Hardik Patel.
Speaking to reporters, Subrat Das said that World Post Day is celebrated every year from 9th to 13th March to commemorate the launch of Universal Postal. Union (UPU) in 1874 in Berne Switzerland.
The High Court of Meghalaya ,Bar Association.4.
In part they are happy that he has been able to stand on his own feet and the talent he has.
Urvashi Rautela has reportedly been proposed to by one of the Pakistani bowlers Naseem Shah who has been attracted to Urvashi and wants her to be his girlfriend.
Earlier, Ardent had said that the 19th will be the day when he himself will end the conflict within the ARPA, and he said he does not want to be the cause if it happens. not you ARPA you pra.
The number of ventilators has increased from four to
The DC said that the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya has written a letter to the Chief Secretary of Assam regarding the illegal erection and construction of the BOP by Assam within the border of Assam. in the state of Meghalaya.
The HNLC members have already lost their parents, brothers and sisters, friends and children and have lost not only their homes but also their own lives, said Bah Nongtraw. .
ONYX beat Aeronation 50-30 points and Meban Shadap was named Man of the Match.
The harvest was very successful that year.
Shella will witness the contest between the UDP candidate and MDC Bah Teinwel DKhar, and others may emerge.
The court sentenced both the prisoners to 10 years in prison. Small Phawa was sentenced to 10 years in prison and Kwal Laloo was sentenced to 10 years in prison. sentenced to life imprisonment for his involvement in murder.
Azriel won 20,000 tyngka and a trophy while Rebel won 10,000 tyngka and a trophy.
For many years, such an opportunity to replace the Khasi subject with other subjects has declined for many generations, which has now become one of the issues that has begun to go through the money. that the word itself has led to the path that has begun to disappear.
He said that the police station in Jhalupara should be vacant and it would be better for the government to have its own police station. He said that discussions are ongoing with the government.
Shillong, June 08: The Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda (RKM) Cultural Centre, Shillong on Saturday awarded the 99th Batch of Computer Trainees and the 38th Batch of Computer Trainees. thylliej among those who were trained in computer science, only Samla Ibansara Jyrwa received a computer for her skills in this field.
On the other hand, APSTA has requested the names of those who have not been able to provide so that it can write a letter to them to provide so that the office can send a request for money from the Director. schools have made it difficult for the teachers of the deficit to get their arrears.
From time to time, the police in the country are trying to renew their efforts to combat Cyber ​​Crime or illegal activities committed through the Internet.
Furthermore, the Seng after talking to the MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla promised to find ways and means to improve the By-Pass Road Jowai. MLA said that the By-Pass Jowai Road will also be improved to bring peace and order in Jowai.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, has appointed Ronald S Sangma as the District President of Tura City.
Join said he has won three times from the Congress as an MDC and has been defeated once. Justine Dkhar, Ex MLA and MLA candidate of the constituency, said that Dr Mukul Sangma's move to relocate the Wapung C&RD Block is only for the sake of relocation. The reason why he did not want to take the party ticket for the upcoming election in the coming months.
However, even in the city, we need to travel by vehicle whether it is Government Buses or Taxis.
Speaking on Polling Day at the Soso Tham Auditorium in the city today, Justice Pant said that the participation of the citizens in the elections will strengthen the democratic system in the country.
In 1872, they intensified their invasion in an attempt to seize the entire territory of the Garo Hills, including the invasion of the eastern, eastern and western borders to gain control of the entire region.
Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, parents of Damebanmerbha S.Blah, Bah Shngaiñborlang Syiemlieh, Kong Ailin Blah, relatives and friends of the victim. coach of Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh.
He said that the Congress government has been trying to lay the foundation stone without doing anything and the clearest example is the laying of the foundation stone twice for the same work of the Medical College. in the year 2012 and in
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister requesting him to immediately address the problem faced by the students of Meghalaya due to the failure to pass the CUET examination. outside the State amidst a very short notice of time.
When there is a will along with hard work, the opportunity also opens.
Thank you very much God bless you.
YC Pdengkarong beat YC Pdengkarong 1-0 in the final match of the Super League Football Tournament organized by ASSA on Tuesday.
Aditya Singhania scored 4/30 and Purajit Mandal (1/3).
The train from Manipur, Nagaland and Assam has left Mumbai.
When asked how much the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes will affect the high income earners in the state, he said that the indigenous people will not be affected much as they are not subject to taxes. from your earnings.
He said that the decision of the Kashari High Court has affected the Rangbah Shnongs and demanded that the government should not pass a law but should accept the VAB of KHADC. it shall be a violation of the powers of the Council.
Minot Sympli, Vice Chairman of NBAJAC who is also the Waheh Shnong of Chiehruphi Village, expressed his regret over the increasing power outage in Narpuh area from Nongsning, Mynkre, Chiehruphi and Ratacherra.
The heavy rainfall in the past two days has affected many parts of Shillong especially in the Nongmensong, Pynthorbah area, where roads and roads have been flooded and the water has reached the krums. There are houses and cars parked on the road that have been flooded.
After the letter was released, it was revealed that the ARPA's resignation was not only for the first time but has been resolved twice, in which there has been a proposal to resign from the CEM. This is the third time that the UDP has demanded the replacement of the CEM within the ARPA. pud that the ARPA is bitter and pra.
Under Section 40 of the Act, a Competent Officer, Director, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department and Veterinary Officer in the implementation of the Act or in the performance of his or her duties in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The film also stars Khasi actors and actresses, including the late Destina Mawrie, Alfidarie Kharsyntiew, Shongdorlang Thabah, Dolriech Pakyntein, Regina Lamoo, Prof S Dkhar, Bankyrshanglang Kharnaior, Evansious. Kharsohphra, Baiahunlang Marwein, Barishish Mawlong, R War, Roberto L Mawphlang and Favian Sawkmie.
“However, the Prime Minister has shown by his actions and has not been able to work according to the wishes of the people.
In the Protestant Churches, Lent is only a time for Bible reading and meditation.
The maximum temperature was 25.6 degrees Celsius, the highest in Shillong and 18.1 degrees Celsius, the lowest in Sohra at 21.5 and 18.0 degrees Celsius and in Umiam at 35.2 and 21.4 degrees Celsius. At least 10 people were killed and several others injured when a bus caught fire while traveling on the Samruddhi Mahamarg Expressway in Maharashtra.
Shillong, March 21: The North East Students Union (NESO) has held a meeting on human rights to seek the opinion of the people and to listen to their views on the work of the people. The Armed Forces Special Powers Act,
Because I'm that kind of person..." Bahnah replied.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Panchayati Raj, Kapil Moheshwar Patil, today arrived in Shillong to inspect the schemes and programs of his department. implemented by the Government of Meghalaya.
He also urged the State Government to look into the report of inquiry into the allegation according to the order issued by the former Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills.
“We hope that the Government will take measures in this regard to ensure transparency,” the court order said.
In Tura, four candidates have filed their nomination papers and Bah Sayedullah Nongrum has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate from Tikrikilla.
Speaking about the song, the video is about the life of children living in the rural areas in the northern part of the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the publication of the names of the youth through the Ministry of Agriculture has been surprising to see that it is lymbrum lymbram. a separate share, but when they see that it is no longer a separate share but a common share.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The village council of Pamrakmai in East Jaintia Hills has complained about the backwardness of the village especially in terms of roads and other development works.
Shillong, Lber 04: The sudden passing away of PA Sangma has shocked all the people of the country especially Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 5: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has urged the management of NEI GRIHMS to increase the number of MBBS doctors from 50 to 100 students. to meet the needs of this large hospital in this area.
It is also the time for the school authorities not to wait for the government because most of the policies of the government are easy, so they need to consult the officers or directly to the Prime Minister or Minister in charge of Education and Transport to speed up the work.
And another kingdom of iron shall be upon the earth;
This is the third time that the Skill Development Program has been conducted involving 9 churches in Tyngnger District with the participation of the youth of the Catholic Church.
Some of the demands of the group of SSA teachers in the state are to transfer all the posts of SSA Primary and Upper Primary teachers from the State Implementation Society. SSA-SEMAM) to the Directorate of Schools Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the State Government, to increase the salary of SSA teachers from T.9,200 to T.30,000 per month for Primary and Secondary teachers. T.9,900 to T.35,000 per month for Upper Primary teachers and to recognize the services of SSA teachers. Upendra Kushwaha, Minister of State for HRD School Education and Literacy, Government of India and Dr. Subash Chandra Khuntia, Secretary, School Education and Literacy HRD, Government of India to address these issues. SSA teachers in the State meet.
The new 4th generation testing has tests that can detect the disease accurately, it is accurate to detect the disease, which is about 5 to 20% of the population. all HIV infections among people who wanted to be tested, compared to testing in the past.
Other teachers who have taught him are Helo Pariat and Christina Sun (who have passed away).
They take the symbols of their fellow leaders and support what is right, they don't stir up trouble, they don't stir up trouble, they don't destroy, kill and betray their fellow countrymen, but they encourage to stand on the basis of righteousness without withdraw.
Other speakers included KSU Priang Unit President B Sohtun, OC Saphai Police Out Post, Assistant General Secretary KSU WJHDU Balawantei Suchiang.
There have been many comments through Facebook on the curfew and many of them have already expressed their disagreement and reluctance to comply with the curfew called by the Kong. Irene Hujon.
Shillong, July 24: All the MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today congratulated the newly elected Dy.Chairman of KHADC, Bah Gabriel Wahlang. Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM of KHADC and Teilinia Thangkhiew, Chairperson.
As in this state, there is no education that leads and encourages the youth to start their own businesses but it only teaches them to hold sword and intimidates them to hold sword. bat mokhiew once you have gone to higher education.
In Germany, they didn't work.
India, who have now won three out of three matches, have also secured a place in the semifinals of the tournament, where they will face Malaysia have won 2 out of 3 matches.
The Waheh Shnong said that it is sad that the sick and the sick are often stuck in this heavy traffic jam in the area. Pyrtakuna, Kuliang to Umkiang villages have also faced landslides and have to walk through heavy landslides which has endangered the health of the children.
In fact, the BSF troops should be on the border of any country, how can they be in the middle of the villages, said Daiapherbha Lamare.
The Assam Cabinet has taken steps to provide food items to school children by approving the distribution of three pylleng per month to children from areas without slasha farms. under the implementation of the Prime Minister's POSHAN.
Marak said MLA Sanjay Sangma has insulted the Koch, Hajong and other foreigners who are Hindu residents in Garo Hills by claiming that they have no place to vote anywhere because of the The Apphira Archery Committee today decided to hold the 31st Archery Competition known as the Rongbiria Ki Hima of Ri Hynniewtrep. The tournament was held at the 2nd Ground, Polo, Shillong with the support of the Center Point Group of Entrepreneurs (CPGE). on June 4, 1990.
The Minister in charge of Fisheries, Alexander Laloo Hek, was present at the two-day Fisheries Summer Meet 2023 at Mahabalipuram, Tamil Nadu.
Jesus' teachings to Christians are completely wrong.
Nine colleges from Shillong took part in the event.
In the RAJYA SaBHA on 20th September, the President of the Republic of India also approved it on 27th September
Those who are not supporters are rejected first.
That is why the Word of God says in the parable of the rich fool – “Oh thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided? ?.
About seven of them sustained minor injuries," said Tamil Nadu Health Minister M Subramanian.
The price of diesel has risen by T.0.14 per litre to T.80.02 per litre. in the city of Delhi.
When we compare the death toll in India per year from this disease and from cancer, we find that those who die are from cancer or tuberculosis.
Nongpoh, Naitung 04: After the success of the District Level Inter School Football Tournament, the District Level Inter School Football Tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District. The tournament started on the 27th July and ended on the 4th July 2022 at the Umdihar Stadium.
One of the women, who did not want to be named, told Mid Day that she met Malik in 1990 at Mehboob Studios, where he touched her body. , don't ask for a map.
However, it is clear that these leaders who say this, especially the leaders from the area who say this, are people who do not want development work to come to Tura.
If you say you are a Khasi, you are wrong because there is no c in the Khasi alphabet.
It was also reported that the debris from the collapse of the dome has been cleared.
When asked, Bah Paul said that there has been a request that the travel of foreign officers should be approved by the Chief Minister, but so that there will be no more waste of public money now the Government. It has decided to establish a good foundation for such visits, to reduce the number of visits abroad to twice and also to submit reports.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister expressed his satisfaction that after two and a half years of laying the foundation stone together with Bah Hamlet, the indoor stadium has been completed and opened to the public.
After this, the army handed over the cows to the police for further investigation.
In a statement, the SP said that if anyone or any group misleads the public about the COVID-19 vaccine, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
“In Meghalaya, the 80% job share for the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia communities is a different structure and should not be shaken,” Marak said in a statement.
Shillong: U Shella MLA Balajiedkupar Synrem has distributed T.5 lakh to the villages in the constituency and sent the money to the SDO (Sohra) on the 26th of this month. month.
R.Sutnga, Chief Officer, PWD Building, Shillong was the chief guest, in the presence of Bah C.Lamare, Rangbah Shnong, Samla Aibor Shadap, President Umdihar Sport. Club with other elders of the area.
The mother of two children, suspected that her house was burnt down by her husband, because he had threatened to kill her many times.
On the other hand, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said the party wants to support the candidate to support the ethnic parties and wants to have a consensus including the PDF and others.
The Seng also sent its condolences to those who were injured and said that the bomb was still small, which was placed in the area so that no one was injured but unfortunately it hit them.
The search for the old footpaths was held on the 13th of this month and they walked for about 12 hours.
Shillong, July 15 : The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (AWU) has demanded that the MDA-II Government should set up a Welfare Board to look after the welfare and welfare of the domestic workers in the state. whole.
These JCBs (no pollution test) run every hour from the village.
After this, the SDE was also arrested.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Even after the government has decided to cancel the authorization of UCIL to conduct surveys and the 30-year lease agreement granted to UCIL at Nongbah Jynrin in West Khasi Hills, Sangma said the road is essential for the development of the people and the state.
Shillong, June 22: “We don't need to live anymore, we just sleep on the ground and on the streets,” said Ma Hamber tus Nongtdu, former Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia District Council and one of the owners of dew. iong, while talking to U Rupang, by phone this evening.
However, on 8th October, Barabor Namsaw escaped from the custody of the police and a case has been registered at the Sadar Police Station under section 224 IPC. On October 23, police from Sadar Police Station and Nongmensong Outpost, arrested Barabor and a man named Khraw Shylla from Nongmensong area.
Rangphlang said that his intention to enter politics has been planned for the past five years, but it is difficult to take a decision quickly, and now The time he contested the MDC election was a well thought out decision.
On the other hand, 7.215 kilos of Non-NFSA rice will be distributed per month at the wholesale price of T.12.00/- per kilo and the wholesale price shall not exceed T.14.00/- per kilo. it kilo.
However, other villages have been able to farm through polyhouses and Lyngïong village has also tried with the Department of Agriculture in Block Mawphlang but it has ended in talks but they have not received anything. ei until now.
The Blessed Sacrament was carried by a vehicle led by Archbishop Dominic Jala with the assistance of the Priests.
Shillong, July 9: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, has agreed with the view of Bah HDR Lyngdoh that Khasi liquor should be legalized so that the money for the purchase of foreign liquor will go to the Khasi liquor. Khasi kyiad and the government will also receive revenue.
As part of the implementation of the State Government's directive to prevent the spread of COVID-19 or Coronavirus in East Jaintia Hills District, all Dolloi, Waheh Shnongs and Market Committees have been directed to temporarily close their markets. in all districts, East Jaintia Hills.
The playground has been built and decorated by connecting from one tree to another through siej bridges, while it also has a view point and tree houses.
Russia's world number two Daniil Medvedev has been knocked out of the French Open in the first round.
According to an order issued by the District Magistrate today, due to the heavy rainfall across the state, many roads, bridges and bridges have collapsed. Severe landslides and this landslide, rockfall endanger human life.
Furthermore, government departments have worked hard to develop policies to support technology, including the Internet of Things, robots, AI, machine tools, and blockchain, in the implementation of they.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle has urged the leaders of Laskein Block from MLAs and MDCs to do something to help the poor and needy who have suffered from hunger and thirst due to the lockdown. daka Government.
With respect to you first of all, according to my opinion, it has been used thickly according to the reservation, the loss will go first to the Khasi, that's why the champion has stirred up this.
At the same time, the SP said that the police department has strengthened the security forces in Shillong and the entire district.
The UDP General Secretary said that in Ranikor constituency, the candidate Bah Pius Marwein is very strong and this time it will ensure that he will win the mid-term elections.
After discussing for several hours on the issue (road project and uranium), the leaders of the party decided to launch a massive protest to raise the flag.
“The Court will take its final decision on this issue,” said Bah Kharkrang.
There are those who ri jingri.
He also said that the mission of the Government is to achieve the goal of organic farming.
This is through its branches in India and other financial institutions in India.
He said there is a need for a road to pass through the border to become a boundary stone between Meghalaya and Assam and the party will advise the government on this.
Manoj Sharma is the Manager of Orient Health Food Pvt.
Our support is based on the cooperation with the NDA and NEDA”.
This is not only for me Ong but for the Sur of many churches.
Hek said that the man came from Assam to take up the post of Branch Manager at the State Bank of India in Khliehriat. with the ID of the testers,without being allowed to test.
“No one has come to inform us about the destruction of their houses,” said Bah Hek.
Every day the husband has to do all the household chores.
Now that the candidates from various parties and companies have emerged, the people have chosen only those who can give, there are also IPS (Ai Pisa Shuh), the world is destroyed and the people are suffering. poor at the end.
He said that other roads are in progress in the construction of them in different villages of the constituency.
“What do you mean, father?” asked the mother, curious about the reason.
In connection with this incident, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Nongklung Unit under the leadership of Samla Pynrap L Rngaid, has met with the officers of the Veterinary Department Nongstoin to request them to come and see the veterinary department. to come for treatment as soon as possible to prevent the death of the cows.
The future of Meghalaya is in the midst of great challenges.
Besides, the existence of Co-Operative Societies has helped to raise funds for these Self Help Groups which work together with an understanding of how to earn their rights by providing water.
Singapore's decision came after the United Nations Human Rights Commission (UNHCR) urged the Singapore authorities to think twice before taking the decision. The arrest was made against the suspect who was involved in the drug trafficking.
“When asked whether the RSS chief's statement will affect the BJP in the 2023 elections, Paul said, “That is a difficult question for me to answer because I cannot understand it. their thoughts.
LS Rymbai said that the order states that Coal India Limited will decide the location of the coal and the transportation will be paid by the Government of Meghalaya. Coal India Limited and the transportation fee will be deducted from the auction price of the coal.
The candidates who have announced to contest from North Shillong are Bah Adelbet Nongrum MLA from North Shillong, Bah Ransom Sutnga, Chief Engineer of PWD from North Shillong; Shillong, Nailur 3 : The National Vice President of the BJP in charge of Meghalaya, Dr Chuba Ao on Saturday said that the BJP will accept the elections. The final decision within six months will be whether to withdraw or remain within the coalition government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by the National People's Party (NPP).
“How can the officers of the state government challenge the Bills passed by the MDCs elected by the people,” said Bah Shylla. sha to the DCA department of the state government'
It covers an area of ​​137.51 sq. km.
Regarding this announcement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said via X (Twitter), “I am pleased to inform the students that the admission process in the colleges affiliated to The Central University of Meghalaya has suspended the implementation of the CUET for this year.
TW Chyne said that the Survey Fee on Land Record will be charged at T.3,000 for land between 1-10 acres and T.5,000 for 10-20 acres.
Besides, it was also found that only the workers who operate the quarry, who do not have labor license and the union leaders have closed down the quarry and ordered the operators of the quarry. Companies, to provide the labor licenses of these machinery operators as soon as possible.
or as you said, I don't like to have such a body shop because it is a job for the people and it will attract more and more of our children by taking advantage of this, why do you feel unemployed when the job is Thank you very much for this blessing of God to our country Meghalaya.
As the days go by, the Khasi-Jaintia nation has declined and declined slowly but without any hope that it will be able to rise again even if more and more people have become educated.
These assistance are:1) Objections to the Dispute Resolution Panel (DRP) and the Assessing Officer under section 144C of the Income-tax Act, 1961 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) which is limited to 1st July 2021 or any time thereafter as provided for in this section or before 31st July, 2021, whichever is earlier. of the financial year 2020-21, which must be completed before 31st June, 2021 under Rule 31A of the Income-tax Rules, 1962 (hereinafter referred to as the “Rules”), as provided 30th July, 2021 through Circular No. 9 of 2021, can be completed before 15th November, 2021.3) Certificate of Tax Deducted at Source in Form No. employers before July 15, 2021 under Rule 31 of the Rules, extended to May 15, 2021 through Circular No.9 of 2021, may be completed on or before November, 2021.4) The Statement of Income paid or credited by the Investment Fund to the unit holders in Form No.64D for the year ended 2020-21, which must be completed on or before 15 July, 2021 under Rule 12CB of the Rules, which has been extended to July 30, 2021 through Circular No.9 of 2021, can be completed on or before September 15, 2021.5) The Statement of Income paid or credited by the Investment Fund to the unit holders in Form No.64C for the previous year 2020-21, which must be completed on or before July 30, 2021 under the Rule. 12CB of the Rules, which has been extended to 15th November, 2021 through Circular No. 9 of 2021, may be completed on or before 31st November, 2021.6) Application under Section 10(23C) , 12AB, 35(1)(ii)/(iia)/(iii) and 80G of the Rules in Form No.10A/ Form No.10AB, for Registration / Provisional Registration / Notification / Permit / Temporary Permit of Trusts/Institutions/Research Associations etc., which must be completed on or before 30th July, 2021, can be completed on or before 31st April, 2021.7) Activities that must be carried out by the taxpayers as an investment, deposit, payment, purchase, manufacture or any other activity, if known by any other name, for the disease to be exempted under the provisions of in Sections 54 to 54GB of the Act, which is scheduled from 1st June, 2021 to 29th November, 2021 (including these two days), can be completed on or before the 30 November, 2021.8) The Quarterly Statement in Form No.15CC to be completed by the recognized vendor regarding the payments for the quarter ending by 30th July, 2021, to be completed on or before 15th November, 2021 under Rule 37 BB of the Rules, may be completed on or before 31st November, 2021.9) Equalization Levy Statement in Form No.1 for the Financial Year -21, which is required to be completed on or before 30th July, 2021, may be completed on or before 31st September, 2021.10) The Annual Statement required to be completed under sub-section (5) of section 9A of the Investment Fund Act in Form No.3CEK for the financial year 2020-21, which must be completed on or before 29th July, 31st November, 2021.11) Upload of declarations received from respondents in Form No.15G/15H in the quarter ending 30th July, 2021, which should be uploaded on or before 15th November, 2021, can be uploaded before 31st July, 2021.12) The option to withdraw the outstanding application (previously sent to the old Income Tax Settlement Commission) under sub-section (1) of Section 245M of the Act in Form No. 34BB, which must be completed on or before 27th July, 2021, may be completed on or before 31st May, 2021.13) Last date which was earlier extended to July 30, 2021, has been extended to November 30, 2021.14) Last date to submit payment under Vivad se Vishwas (without additional payment) which was previously extended till July 30, 2021, has been extended to 31 July, 2021.15) Deadline for submission The deadline for completion of the assessment order has been extended to 30th July. , 2021, further extended to November 30, 2021.17) The time limit for filing the penalty order previously extended
The movement will be held on the 9th of this month from 10 am onwards.
The PWD (Buildings) Department has alleged that the bill worth more than Rs 3 crore has not been released by the government yet. The building is 8 years old now and the government has been silent to release the bill soon and so that the construction can be implemented.
Because deficit schools are autonomous institutions run by various religious groups, village authorities or any other group, the government should have sought permission from the High Court to They will be exempted from the roster system.
The first man (Adam) was made of dust: the second man (the second Adam, Jesus) is the Lord of heaven.1 Corinthians 15:45-4
For them, it is more likely that Kong Grace will win than Balajied, because they are calculating and looking forward to how to overthrow the government.
Aizawl: The Mizoram Legislative Assembly on Tuesday voted to oppose the proposal to close the Indo-Myanmar border and abolish the Free Movement Regime (FMR).
Meghalaya is a stronger and stronger shitri than the Sixth Scheduled in protecting the nation.
Speaking to those who feel that the VPP aims only to strengthen the party, the President acknowledged that there is always a desire to strengthen the party but it is not through the path of strengthening. by smoking kyiad, by smoking or by smoking contracts.
The demand came in a letter sent by Henry's lawyers, in which Dr Sangma's allegation that Henry is a drug dealer or the 'Drug Kingpin', which has insulted and defamed Henry.
Jayson Mawlong, PDF Candidate to contest against Dr. Bom and Don Sumer from Umsning Constituency. The People's Democratic Party (PDF) has announced that it will nominate Dr Celestine Lyngdoh to contest against Dr Celestine Lyngdoh. Donkupar Sumer from the Congress and UDP from Umsning Constituency.
KSU Thadlaskein Unit: President: Conard Roengent Sana Vice President: Rulingbyfast Challam General Secretary: Sendmisa-oo Phawa Assistant General Secretary: Dayoo Pale Sport Secretary: Riburom Jat Finance Secretary: Easterwell Kharsyntiew Education Secretary: Bester Bang Kam Publicity Secretary Assistant Publicity Secretary: Rimiki Kharsyntiew Organizing Secretary: Treki Bang.
“We have allocated Rs 10 crore for the reconstruction of the church, and before that we will have to sit down with MUDA to decide on the construction of the church,” said Rev Moore. .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday said no one can stop Israel's ceasefire because Israel will not allow Hamas to rise again. and thus this war will continue until Hamas is completely defeated.
On the other hand, the Mawhati MDC urged the Sengbhalang groups in the state to refrain from visiting the villages in the area. The Sengs from the state will send dozens of vehicles to the area, it will cause suffering to the Khasi, who live in the villages in the Umlaper area and especially the recent incident in Umlaper and the police. Assam, have decided to leave the area and remove the gate which they have just erected.
The ICMR's decision comes after many states have expressed doubts about the effectiveness of these devices.
AMSSASTA requests the state government to take action to address all the issues of SSA teachers and to ensure that they receive their monthly salary.
This preaching of the Gospel has been going on for more than two thousand years now and is nearing its end.
The injured were identified as Wannysha Ksoo, 27, and New Memorial Wahlang,
The Secretary of Umkiang Village, Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh, said that the construction of the road should be expedited because if it rains, it will cause problems in the construction of the road. to slap.
The winners of this race were as follows:-1st for Men – Kresstarjune Pathaw, 2nd – Daniel Lyngdoh Wahlang, 3rd – Bonnyson Mylliemngap. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS was the chief guest in the presence of DSO Daniel Dan and other guests. invite.
Through the protest, we have received the Fourth Pay and Fifth Pay Commission but we have received it peacefully because we have protested before,” said Babu Nongsiang.
These arrangements will be effective only during the meeting, which will start at 12 noon, said a statement from the traffic department.
There are about 15 villages in the area including Mawpun, Nongspung, Ukiam, Borkhuli, Doledonga, Warigro, Umdiengsiar, Hasem, Umthli, Talimara, Mawdiangkop, Dariphang, Umbah, Umkhamdor and Patharphlang. the growth of the population has increased steadily.
There are schools in the villages which have been built by the District Councils, these too should be improved according to the current demand by improving the schools and upgrading them to the college level and those communities. College, so that the youngsters who have passed can continue their education in their own schools in their own villages.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 is the work of the RSS for decades.
The team is now in Group D with teams from Haiti, Denmark and China.
The order also prohibits all persons within the Sohra Sub Division from speaking any insulting language, shouting slogans, sending messages by voice or electronic devices which may incite or aiding this. affair.
Nongstoiñ, November 11: The parishioners of the Catholic Church of Nongstoiñ, on Sunday took part in the procession of the Eucharist held at Divine Savior Parish, Nonbah, New Nongstoin. Different people from South West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills District and other districts came to take part in the event.
Rupang has spoken to many members of the Nomination Committee on the election of the UDP leadership; However, it was understood that after Bah Bindo M Lanong withdrew his nomination as a candidate for the post of President, many of the members of the party have given up their enthusiasm to re-elect the leadership of the party. Dr. Donkupar Roy, MLA of Shella Constituency, has announced that he will continue to hold the post of President Rangbah of the UDP. Rupang has also asked the members of the Nomination Committee whether there has been any change in the post of General Secretary but the answer has not been received from them. When asked who has the intention to elect the GS from the UDP MLAs, the answer was Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
“The GSU Executive Committee congratulates all the students in the state and especially those in Garo Hills who have passed well in the HSSLC and SSLC examinations. all the schools and colleges that have taken the initiative to improve education in the state.
However, he said that many villages in the Rambrai area have been severely affected by the cold weather.
Officials of the company who took part in the tree planting program included President Meghalaya Cement Ltd, RK Pareek, Vice President, SK Sinha, AVP, MK Jain, General Manager, Umesh. Kumar, General Manager, HC Kapil, Deputy Manager, Bikky Dutta and others.
Speech was also delivered by the Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who expressed the hope that the RDA candidate will reach his goal with the cooperation of all.
Police have conducted a search operation to arrest those involved in this crime.
They chose a more remote place to eat.
He said that the Church that lives in the Eucharist is a missionary Church, so we must be living missionaries to be living witnesses for others through works of mercy.
He also received an award for the tangmuri and the ksing ka bom which he taught himself to play, added ubah Komik.
He said that they cannot improve the National Highway because it is no different from the dirt road.
Therefore, he urged everyone to join hands in the revival of the environment by thinking, caring and fighting to plant trees especially in those areas that have been damaged.
Vishal Gupta, the inventor of GYNOVEDA, took part in the trial.
In the past few days, the leaders of the HSPDP party in Mawkyrwat have sent a letter to the party office bearers to join the UDP party and this is a sign that the MLA from the party HSPDP party can also join the party. He said that he is waiting for the time to join the UDP as it is learned that he intends to contest from the UDP in
Another step taken by the government to alleviate the debt burden on MeECL is to take part in the implementation of the central government's Ujwal DISCOM Assurance Yojana (UDAY).
Speaking on the second day of the Legislative Assembly, the newly elected Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pynïaid Singh Syiem, said that the newly elected Chief Executive Member (CEM) He wanted to explain that he is disappointed to hear that no one can be trusted in the Executive Committee (EC).
“If good people don't participate in politics, it will turn bad," he said.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister I/C Border Area, Forest and Environment, was the chief guest on this special occasion. Anthem, and also took the Rastriyas salute at the march pass of the 13th Parade contingents including Police, NCC and school children.
He said that many diseases including HIV, TB and others will be examined at the medical camp.
Especially, in relation to world customs, music, business documents, tourism, all go through the English language.
It is also appropriate to suggest to the writers who collect the jait ki khong in the country, that they should spell the jait according to the spelling of the owners of the jait.
Shillong, Lber 19: U Bah HDR, Shillong, on Tuesday told the meeting about his journey to bring about development works in Sohiong constituency from C&RD Block and others. We went to talk to the Chief Minister and he said he would look into it. At first I lost hope, but I didn't think while we were at a meeting in The State Convention Center visited me and said that it has been approved to create the C&RD Block Sohiong.
Ms Pathaw left the tournament along with two others including the player to represent India and an official who accompanied the team.
In Lum Garo, he said the National Highway-127B will connect Rajabala, Selsella, Samanda and Williamnagar, among others.
In fact, the road is the source of life.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06 : Leaders of the National People's Youth Front (NYF), Nongpoh Block today visited the family of Walinda Binong, a student. Fashion Design of Mody University who passed away on 27th June in Rajasthan.
In 2016, I received a call from a friend inviting me to join the Shooting Association.
He said that the use of books to write numbers without going to the Taxation Department office, is a loss of money to the government.
The troops lodged a complaint at Muktapur Police Patrol Post and handed over the seized cows, vehicles and other items.
Some of the types of traditional foods grown by the trainees are Sohslung, Tham, Soh Sten, Sohlkhein, Pron, Jekeng, Herew, Sohlewi, Lekedung, Chan, Jia. consulted, Chiah, and Sohrma.
The Chief Minister launched the CM's Solar Mission at a function held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal and MNREDA Chairman Rupert Momin.
Doctors' findings showed that the 18-year-old girl had spent too much time thinking and worrying about her boyfriend. age, named Xiaoyu.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum himself visited the old bridge after the residents complained and expressed their dissatisfaction with the traffic jam from Mawiongrim to Umïam to cross the bridge. for 2 hours.
On the other hand, T Sumer, General Secretary of Seinraij Mukhla, said that the Raij invites and welcomes the people from different Seinraij to attend the Shad Sukra so that it will be a successful one.
“The Raid Nongtung hundreds of years ago had 34 villages and 18 of these villages were annexed by the Assam government,” he added.
Idris, who has been rumored to star in James Bond in recent months, has clarified that he will not be able to star in the film and feels that other films are better for him. lame face.
Shillong: The employees of MCCL, under the umbrella of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited Employees Union (MCCLEU), today staged a protest in front of the headquarters of the company in Shillong. The MDC from Nongshken, Kong Grace M Kharpuri, who is also the candidate for the NPP from Shella next year, come to encourage these striking workers.
Regarding education, the Nongstoiñ MLA also said that the Polytechnic School in Mawrusyiar has been suspended.
The issues affecting the rights to land and trade in the mining industry and other mineral resources will also be discussed on the occasion. NGT) for more than 10 years now and has been banned by the Meghalaya High Court in its order issued on 30th July.
Shillong: Meghalaya have advanced to the second round of the Santosh Trophy in Group A of the North East Qualifier Zone by a goal from Kynsaibor Lhuid.
Shillong: The State Government has prepared the requirements for the recognition of the University Grant Commission (UGC).
Shillong, July 23: The AICC President Sonia Gandhi has set up two committees to prepare for the 100th birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. .
The UDP-led group has urged the Minister to expedite the construction of wells at all the garbage dumps in Mawlai to prevent the flow of garbage into the main road and outside the area.
Heavy rainfall in recent days has helped meet the water needs of power plants and agriculture.
The 11 km marathon was also conducted by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer. The ADC, Bah G.Warjri launched the marathon flag before the start of the race from the former Deputy Commissioner's office to PHC Rymbai and back to the former DC office.
Thus, Bah Francis insults the nation as a whole and especially those who are not short-sighted.
The NPP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, has alleged that it is the UDP party which has given money to those people who ask for information on the Right to Information scheme for the MLA scheme just to defame them. in this election.
He sdien phase himself and covered himself with a gamcha.
Before the election of the new office bearers, the report of the union for the year 2015-2018 was read out by the vice president of the union, Bah Sillbestar Marboh. The General Secretary of the Union, Bah Silverstar Iangrai, said in a statement.
Ms Bethcy M Toi explained to all the day laborers about the three types of schemes which can be assisted by the government, the first is the e-Shram where the beneficiaries are from the age of 16- 59 years old, who has to register through the Common Service Centers (CSC) nearby using his Aadhaar Card, EPIC, Passbook and Phone No. -dhan (PM-SYM) for those employees under 40 years of age and after 60 years of age can receive pension of up to 3 thousand tyngka per month, but in case of death of family members they will earn Rs 15,000 per month.
The meeting was conducted by Francis Nongsiej and was attended by the mother of Jessica Marweiñ, teachers and other dignitaries. be invited to this day.
Police have taken the body to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem examination.
“If they forget their mobile phones, they are quick to pick them up from home and send them anywhere,” said the father.
The meeting was conducted by Bah K Paul Syiem Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the village officials.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Lyngdoh said that as citizens, they are in darkness when they see the increase in the number of deaths from this disease and this shows that their treatment methods, The 1st wave, no longer applies to the 2nd wave, and suggested that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should take action and study further on this issue.
Only two men were seen in the video, one of them is an unidentified youth while the other is Bah Julius Dorphang wearing a white tunic and a white coat.
The Minister said that the government has taken steps to improve all 2044 government schools through the Umbrella of Mission Education at a cost of Rs 326 crore.
In addition, you have the spirit of Domahi in Karbi.
He suggested that if the state urban development department builds parking spaces at Barik, the PWD office should be moved to another location.
“The spirit of Rangbah of the children has endured despite many difficulties in this journey,” he added.
Chaudhary said, “The police according to this era should give a proper response to the criminals who want to disrupt the peace and security of the country.
d) The fourth group is the group that does not have the question of whether it has found God.
They informed Bah Teiborlang Pathaw and immediately together with the village leaders he went to see for himself.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul also referred to a report published in 2013 regarding the arrest of a man named Henry Lalremsanga, from Mizoram, who was accused of being one of the drug traffickers worth about T.6 crore.
These are the opinions of the Government as the income of the State has declined steadily.
This will also bring the school children closer to the environment which feeds all mankind.
Speaking in the House, Manstudy strongly criticized the ruling BJP party in the country saying that the introduction of this bill has affected Meghalaya, a state which is not allowed to eat meat. He said that the rule also puts cow farmers at risk.
When asked how many marks from 0-10 he would give to the government as a teacher, Babu Birbor said, “If it is in the examination, this government will get a high 0 government in the absence of time".
Ronaldo also scored in the 2003-04 FA Cup against Manchester City and it was during this time that Gary Neville (former Valencia coach) said that Ronaldo would become one of the greatest players in the world. 2004-06: In the June 2006, Ronaldo had a clash with Ruud van Nistelrooy which led to the former United striker leaving the club.
Albert Sariang 37′ & 79′, Fernando Sayo 40′+2 and Philemon Lamare 65′.
Therefore, we expect them to play well for Punjab FC next season.
On the 3rd of this month, Shillong Police have arrested 12 persons identified as Shanborlang Syiemlieh (29) from Sohra, Elansius L. Mawphlang (29). Donkupar Kharkongor (24) of Nongpathaw, Bhoirymbong, Blastarstarlan Kharsati (25), Arnestius Marngar (27), Enlarlet Ramsiej (27), Dandawar Dunai, Rimewanskhem Marwein, 34 years old, Clenerlaw Kharnaior and Manshailia Pariong (23 years old) of Lower Jail Road, Shillong.
With this victory, the duo won the gold medal in the Air Pistol shooting event 16-2 at the Khelo India University Games (KIUG).
The Minister said that the issue was also discussed at the meeting with the Deputy Commissioners recently.
It is to be recalled that Bah Iangrai was arrested on 2nd November 2022 on charges of misuse of government funds allocated for the construction of the National Emergency Response System (NERS). at Sadar Police Station Complex in Shillong.
“If the mining of coal pollutes the environment, then the establishment of factories also pollutes the environment,” said Bah Lo Lyngdoh Nongbri.
In Ampati, the Minister of Food and Civil Supply and Health, James PK Sangma, was the chief guest.
In order to resolve this issue of the people of the border area, he suggested that the best thing is to resolve the border dispute with Assam completely.
There are records that show that the knowledge of medicine has doubled the life expectancy of man in the last 200 years and these are that in the 1800s, the life expectancy of man people in the UK, is in their 40s, while now, they are in their 80s.
Party leaders are also not comfortable giving contest tickets to women/women even though in many sectors women have demonstrated their ability to fulfill the responsibility assigned to them.
However, when you tried to turn into the shop, you were told that you didn't have any articles inside the shop.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to expedite the appointment of the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service. Committee.
In the meeting, the union urged the EE to order the contractors to expedite the work because if the road is good, the traffic jam on the round road Mawlai will be reduced. .
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) led by President Ferdynald Kharkamni, General Secretary Samla Lambok Rymbai and members of the KSU North Khasi Hills District today met with Kong RM Kurbah, DC of Ri Bhoi, to express his views on many issues related to the delay in curbing the smuggling of foreigners into Meghalaya.
Furthermore, only 50 percent of food shops, electrical shops, mobile shops and juti shops will be allowed to open on Monday. 50 percent of food shops, hardware and spare parts will be allowed to open on Monday. The shop will be closed on Tuesday, July 23rd.
He said that before the amendment, according to Rule 3 sub Rule (2), liquor outlets did not pay tax and also the fee when they bought from companies.
“When we ask for dohsyiar, he gives us Pashor kait and this is unacceptable,” said Samla Auguster and added that the government should implement the ILP to protect the country and the people from the illegal entry of foreign and domestic authorities"
The Lyngskor of the Kur Sohtun is the cleaner of the leaves on the altar before the sacrifice and the cleaner of the nine lyngkhot trees to commemorate the nine members.
School children took part in the rally carrying placards with slogans related to water conservation.
Dina Asher-Smith, who won the 200m in Doha in 2019, has also withdrawn from the tournament.
“As in Lum Garo in the mid-term MP elections, we want to put forward a candidate whom we feel strong but the party has ordered us to support the NPP, we have to believe that, we will see what happens,” he said. Shibun's mother.
Shillong, March 12: The old dorbar hall of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been converted into an office without changing the seats. It was seen that the chair where the Chairman of KHADC used to sit was the same chair in the same place and on his desk he saw that many files were covered with sbuk. It was also seen that the seat of the EMs is the same as the seat of the MDCs in the past and there too the files are lying on the table.
He said the increase in the price of beef is due to the shortage of beef due to the smuggling of beef to Bangladesh from Khanapara market.
In my opinion as a child who tries to understand, the leaders who have been appointed by the people seem to lack knowledge, but they don't have the courage. the Government of India and the leaders of other nations.
The Government of India has recently implemented another Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) Act, which allows the Government of India to select land for various development projects. land and shyiap, in their own right, without the need for public notice.
The blood of Riewshlur is still flowing in his veins.
The road has a length of 14.60 km and has been constructed under the Central Road Infrastructure Fund (CRIF) scheme at a cost of T.22.12 crore.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Bah A.Lyndem, RO Planning, West Khasi Hills District.
The tournament was opened on the 7th March 2022 by Bah L.Tariang ADC South West Khasi Hills District.
The award ceremony was held at the Meghalaya Police Shooting Club, Police Reserve, Shillong in the presence of the Director General of Police, Meghalaya, R. Chandranathan, IPS. , East Khasi Hills District.
Conrad said that if there are schools which do not want to open, it is up to them and if the parents are not happy to send their children to schools, it is up to them. The Government has decided to open the schools because the students of the state have lost too much in terms of education in the past few months.
He said that through this, he was able to earn money by sending people to build after seeing his ability to build and as he built, he got more ideas to build and develop until he could to try to stand in their own eyes.
Umsnepkor also helps to reduce excessive fatigue and also to strengthen the body.
She said that at that time there were no leaders who wanted to create differences between the various ethnic groups in the state, whether Khasi, Jaintia or Garo.
The union has complained that many of the cement plant companies in East Jaiñ have paid their employees the salary or wages, which is too low or too low according to the notifications required by the government. Government of Meghalaya Labor Department has increased its labor force; The HYC, Narpuh Circle has sent a petition to the DC to take action so that the employees of this company can receive their salary according to the directive. The government, said a statement from Bah P Syiemlieh, Publicity.
Five residents of Mukroh and a Forest Guard of Karbi Anglong were killed in the shooting.
Announcing the 41-page verdict, the High Court said, “The entire society should apologize to this child for not being able to do anything for her.
They disappeared after cutting the heavy silver chain, which they had tied themselves to the statue of love in Kiev, 123 days ago.
However, in the public hearing held on 16/11/2019 and the public hearing on 27/11/2019, the VEC of Mawngaprim Village led by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Ratify Kharbudon did not say anything about the construction of the CC road and when the residents asked why he did not talk about the CC road, the Rangbah Shnong said. He said that a public hearing for the CC road will be held in
People who live righteously, do righteously, speak righteously with a pure heart are happy without much thought and even when they die they are happy because their soul will reach the door of God.
The youths, who claimed to be members of a Hindu organization, demanded that these decorations, such as lights, stars and Christmas tree, should be removed.
After the 2nd of October 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as the ignorance and weakness of the people can be seen.
“We need our friends within the party to give us other jobs to strengthen the party,” he said.
He also received the Ballon d'Or, becoming the first French player to win the trophy since Zinedine Zidane in 1998 and the fifth overall.
But the answer is not given to the blood.
Shillong, March 15: The state government has increased the price of sugar ration to T.6.50 P in 2014-15 within 10 years.
The time is no longer to listen or to throw away the garbage.
Sometimes the light doesn't come for months and the bill light comes exactly every month.
"It was a bomb blast and was intended to injure police patrolling in a certain area," said Deepak Kumar, police commissioner of Guwahati.
Dr. RM Lathong, Medical Health Officer (MHO) at Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, after finding out this fact, urged the public, parents and children not to to eat wild fruits such as tits because there are tits which contain bih which causes injury to humans.
As learned by this reporter, Yes, the election of the leaders has already passed and the people have got the right to elect the leaders of their choice, but this has not yet satisfied the spirit of the voters. The reason is that it is not yet possible to count the votes or to confirm which of the candidates they have already supported will win or become the leader of the Legislative Assembly.
The vehicle (WB 22 9510) was driven by Bah Wanlambok Pohleng, resident of Nongthymmai.
On these grounds, the Arseng has met with the Executive Engineer of Jowai North Division, Shri D. Langstang and urged him to repair the road. Shri M.Sana (Organizing Secretary RJYF) and Shri.R.Biam (President AJHSWO) said in a statement.
The IPL, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule have been passed by the Assembly just to stir up the protests of the people but even for the next 10 or 10 years, it will not be the same.
He also urged the people in the border villages not to listen to any misleading guidance and as residents who have EPIC they have the right to vote or elect those leaders who it is at their discretion, he added.
However, what is the real reason behind the BJP's intentions? Pay close attention to this section.
Unfortunately, the government has not listened to the demands of the VPP and has not allowed even a discussion in the dorbar.
However, it is also written in the sense of the ruid or thor (Ktien Amwi) which is translated directly from the English Line.
Brazil will face Argentina in the COPA America at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro.
“The department has already struggled to build the Western By-pass, so that many of the vehicles carrying goods can pass through this Western By-pass road, so that they can avoid the “It's a good idea to go to the Umiam Bridge,” said Bah Tynsong.
The welcome ceremony was conducted by Samla Peitjngai Kharbani, President of the NPP Youth Wing Mawiawet Primary Unit. Spatty Wahlang was elected as President, Phuldingstar Nongphud as Vice President, Kyrmen Kharbani as General Secretary, Paul Snaitang as Asst Secretary and about 28 members of the Executive.
According to Dr. Michael.
According to a statement from the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills, after a clash broke out between KSU members in Ichamati, Bah Lurshai Hynniewta died. One person identified as Rupchand Dewan was killed and six others were injured.
Where is the human right? Do we want to see parents crying with their children for sugar and medicine? The people themselves don't want to wait for the government as long as they have, so we want to see that the government will fight against the unfounded price increase of food items.
The incident has been happening since 2017, but Polish police have recently arrested 58 people involved in such crimes to rob in connection with the death. of this world champion at that time.
Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak said that the suspects were arrested and recovered weapons including a knife, a homemade pistol, 6 rounds of ammunition. 2 bad mobile phones 2 truck batteries.
We will not withdraw from it.
Therefore, KHNAM wants an explanation from MeECL on the reason for the continued load shedding.
West Garo 6 cases from Sampalgre, 23 cases from Sampalgre.
From another place, four persons identified as Pradip Lama, Binod Gurung, Gopal Sherestha and Ruben Rai were arrested from the coal mine.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle today visited the CHC in Mawiong Umjapung to find out the truth about the condition of the CHC. When talking to those who work there, they expressed their concern about the lack of doctors because since the departure of Doctor Kharlukhi in November, the Government has not sent any others. Doctors and when at least 200 patients come a day, they cannot do anything and have to send them to other hospitals with enough doctors.
There were never less than three or four, and the one who excelled by only one or two of those who fought became the leader.
“After the Hima rulers, whether they are Syiems or Sirdarships, were transferred to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the rule has weakened to a great extent,” he said.
It is also alleged that the money was misused by the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, TTC Marak, who will retire in June this year.
In which they don't know their own power, rank and fame.
On the other hand, Rtn.
The village also urged all outsiders and villagers to maintain the cleanliness of the village so as not to undermine the desire of the school children and the village to bring about cleanliness in the village.
In the past three months, it has said that it will announce the path it has chosen to bring forward the sponsors if they express their desire to own the club.
The JNC also met with the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD A Baranwal to take action regarding the department so that it can provide full service to the area.
Shillong, November 3: Sister Basyrpailin Mary Kurkalang VSDB, Shillong, has passed the 1st Class Gold Meda List in Khasi subject in the results released on 22nd November
The Jews have not yet accepted the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
The wieh helps to convert all kinds of leaves into fertilizer by eating them but not the 'ñiuh kseh.
You don't have to judge in the newspapers.
She admitted that the party is united and there is no difference of opinion in the state.
“This is not the first time that the Assam Government has attacked and shot dead our people on the border.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Member of Parliament from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday accused the state government of trying to create distrust by introducing the opinion of the public that the reservation policy may lead to something unpleasant.
Members of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) under the leadership of Bah Batskhem Basaiawmoit also visited the victims.
Shillong: Shillong College on Tuesday beat Synod College 4-3 in the 1st Semi Final of the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament (Women) JN Stadium, Shillong.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and the JHADC have decided to cancel the decision to clean up the garbage stuck in the markets in Jowai. The market will be closed tomorrow, 10th July.
In the second leg, Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School, Marshillong beat Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School 2-1 in the Under 17 category. Marshilong scored the first goal in the 11th minute and Daphibanbet Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 48th minute.
He is the Minister of Electricity who has said that “the light will not go out until it rains”.
At this meeting, it was also decided to include the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in the Regional Committee.
Before the motion, a question was raised by Andrew Shullai on the garbage dump and the agreement between JHADC and JMB on the garbage dump since
Shillong, July 18 : The Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said that only her party can provide a government that serves the people of Meghalaya.
Therefore, we have seen from time to time the emergence of various ethnic groups to demand that the government should recognize them as Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe, Other Backward Classes because they understand the benefits of can be achieved if recognized as such.
Shillong: The Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem today clarified that there is a slight error in the nomination of one of the candidates for the post of Sirdar of Nongjri Elaka. who appeared as an old sirdar but in fact, he is a new candidate.
The match between the two teams was a very interesting match as the goal was to win the title.
However, the Election Commission has released only Mizoram where the polling will be held on Tuesday, 4th November while in the other states, the polling will be held on Tuesday, November .
With his death, Bah Roning is survived by his wife and two children, one 4 years old and the other three months old.
The group would like to congratulate Rebecca Ronghang, Bahbah Balawan Marwein, Bikas Klein, S.Kharsahnoh, Karow News, Nalari News, Nongpathai News and Na ki Thiar News.
In his speech, Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, said that the college has been in existence for 38 years and the Governing Body's efforts to improve the to meet the needs of this school by providing the students with the necessary facilities and various training opportunities for the students to participate.
By teaching them to be respectful and well-behaved.
He said that medical education in private institutions is expensive starting from Rs 70 lakh but if the government supports the students from Meghalaya will not face any problems and will not lose their share.
Nongpoh, July 09: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner's Office and other government departments today concluded the Integrated Health Campaign to provide free health care to the people across the villages. and Ri-Bhoi District which will start from 17th March
In June this year, the Minister also informed that the state has received Rs 400 crore as a reward from the central government for the successful implementation of the JJM in the state.
The tournament was held as part of the fundraising campaign for the Little Stars Football Academy, Nongbah Bynther and the final of the tournament will be held at Dommawlum Pyndengumiong Stadium, Mairang. .
On the 8th, three persons belonging to two gangs were arrested in connection with a robbery which led to the setting fire to three vehicles at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
“We are clear on both sides that we want to reach an understanding on the areas of differences and disputes in the two states.
George said that in the past few months there have been clashes and misunderstandings on the border and it has reached the point of demolition of houses that have already been built.
On the demand for the establishment of a presidential rule in the state demanded by the Trinamool Congress, Conrad said it is easy to talk, but it is difficult when the state is in turmoil. knowledge in peace and happiness.
Referring to the BJP, it was seen that the party has many obstacles to enter the minds of the people of Meghalaya because most of the people in the state are Christians who have accepted and convinced them. , that the BJP is a Hindu party that persecutes Christians in other parts of the country, although there has never been such a party in Meghalaya.
According to the CEO, although he has received a letter from the PHE, it will depend on the decision of the government.
He said that recently, a large number of robbers robbed a household by shooting and taking away all the gold lockets.
He said that the Seng Khasi Marbisu should allow other families who are not from the Seng Khasi if they want to burn in the cemetery if the owners of the houses have the will. At present, it has demanded that all the believers should burn the body as many places in Shillong have been destroyed and it is no longer suitable for burial.
The Taliban have been arresting thieves and robbers in the city of Herat and parading them with a phasi around their necks.
Shillong: An Ayurvedic, Yoga, Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (AYUSH) doctor has been arrested this evening for assaulting a patient who tried to take medicine from him at a dispensary in Sibbari, Rilum. Southern Garo.
We need to come together, discuss and think to revive and revive sports activities and sports venues in the State.
In the complaint, Islam gave several reasons why the Sale Deed is not true.
However, this alcohol cannot solve the problems and urged the school children and youth to refrain from using any kind of alcohol, he said.
Besides, he said that the citizens of Meghalaya have become victims in the hands of corrupt politicians.
Dkhar said that in 1916 the leaders of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church proposed to establish a branch at Riatsamthiah and in 1924 this idea was accepted and in 1928 the branch was established. The Mawkhar Presbyterian Church was established by the Youth Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Bah John F Kharshing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Spokesman, Federation of Khasi States, on Tuesday expressed his views on the change of Executive Committee. He said it would be better to have an EC of all the parties and the number of EMs should be based on the number of MDCs.
Police have summoned Bah Donbok under Section 171/35 of the Indian Penal Code, which deals with the dress code of others with the intention of cheating.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert said that the handover of the vehicle to these groups is not because it is the election season but it is the handover of the rightful share of the money. The government has allocated funds for the benefit of the people.
The Government has launched an inquiry after an orderly peon lodged a complaint against the Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Donald Langstieh, alleging that he had sent a letter to her residence. She refused to comply with this until she was suspended from her salary and transferred to the Soil Office at Byrnihat.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the tests conducted on high risk contacts of There have been 45 new cases of Covid-19 in the country today and all the results have been negative, but all of them are under quarantine.
Together with him were the King, the Bakhraw Batri and the children of the thousands.
Before cutting the ribbon of the memorial, there was a dedicatory prayer and a song as a sign of blessing to (L) Nikhasi Dhar who passed away peacefully.
I accepted it in my young heart and it was like that.
These include 13 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills and 1 case in Eastern West Khasi Hills.
MSKA Technical Advisor and President Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya Bah Angelus Sun along with the MSKA players also welcomed him in Nongpoh.
Dhoni: The Untold Story which tells the story of the Indian cricketer until he won the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
The farmers are now preparing to march with tractors in Delhi on Republic Day, if they do not receive their demands before 26th July
On my part, I send this message to the Rulers of the Hima Khyrim from the Pa'iem, the Ministers, the Bakhraw Batri, the Lyngdohs, the Sons, the Kongs, the Brothers, the Sons of the Thousand, the Kha ki Man, Lok ki Jor, Samla Samhoi, Meiieid Paieid, Children and Hep may God Almighty and Perfect in Love bless you all.
Shillong: There have been 68 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
Bah Mintra Kurbah, who is the driver of the vehicle, stopped with the intention of doing something to the government vehicles which were waiting for the Minister of Home Affairs.
Speaking as the chief guest at the discussion on “Ka Lajong is the Uniqueness of Culture organized by All India Radio, Shillong at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah today, Prof. Majaw, He said he sees India as a country that includes all languages, ethnic groups and cultures.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi, launched the Souvenir and informed that a Museum will be built in Garo Hills. NEHU, Shillong to achieve this goal.
Philip Burlton and his troops escaped by shooting and continued to shoot with guns and were temporarily away from the soldiers.
“This year, the NEC has received only T.773 crore from the central government to allocate to the states for the implementation of various development projects.
Jowai, July 11: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) comprising the FKJGP, KSU and HNYF today met with the Chief Executive Member of JHADC on the border issue. India and Bangladesh.
Before his arrival, Major General Gagan Deep was welcomed by the NCC students of two colleges, Kiang Nangbah and Thomas Jones Synod College.
I bought this land from Will Pohti from Ri-Bhoi for T.40,000 to cultivate kwai in 2006,” said Kong Khongjoh.
They can also select those who are strong in the long jump, high jump or other sports.
There are many positions in the drama factory to recruit talented youth in this field,” said Negi while speaking at the launch of the SRT. young people in this organization.
In KHADC, 30 to 42 members, 36 elected and 4 appointed, while in JHADC, 30 to 34 elected and four appointed. who is planted.
Besides Cash, Moussa Diaby scored another goal for Villa while Lyle Foster scored the other for Burnley.
This is only the beginning and the staff at this helpline still need to receive training.
Therefore, after the World Bank has promised to fund the expenses, the Council has also decided to visit all the villages and Hima, schools and colleges in the 5 districts of the state to explain this measure for the sake of cleanliness in their respective villages.
“The pandemic 2020 has prevented us from honoring the children of the kur, but on this day we will honor the children who have passed well from 2021 to ," he said.
The NPP-led Meghalaya government believes that change cannot be brought about until the participation of women in all sectors of the economy is promoted. bad you grow you par.
Police in Manipur on Tuesday said they have arrested two members of the Myanmar People's Defense Force (PDF).
During the meeting, the woman deceived the man by saying that she can provide jobs to the people if they can pay the price. He also spread the news to the surrounding villages of Mairang.
These benefits are very appealing to those who use Vi.
A Muslim has built a mosque in Umbang rum Damsite with a large plot of land, a Mizo foreigner who was expelled from Laitumkhrah has built a hotel and bought a large forest in Umran. Many Nagas have bought land, Bhois are forbidden to cut only one branch or leaf of a tree and these have no share.
In the permit issued, the DC has directed that pedestrians should not pollute the environment, should not drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes, and vehicles should park 2km from the crematorium.
On the part of the ADC and the Commandant of the 4th Battalion, they congratulated the village leaders and these two families, who have been able to implement the scheme properly.
According to the party leaders from Sohra Mandal, it is understood that the BJP candidate from Sohra constituency will be Bah Bantei Rumnong. The party has rejected Dr. Khongjee.
As the days and years pass, changes in the country and the nation take place one after another, and these changes are things we never thought of in the past decades.
After losing in the first leg, Khliehmawlieh won 3-1 and Rangdajied won 3-1 in the second leg. -0.
The Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has come forward to express his happiness and joy to receive the news of the awarding of the medal. The 2022 WAF World Arm Wrestling and Para Arm Wrestling Championship will be held in Antalya, Turkey.
The death of these two writers has made me think of their successors, because in my opinion, I see that until now, there are only about 10 journalists. who are qualified to edit news, who are able to write editorials and who can also be editors.
Therefore, the Seng in a statement through its President and Secretary requests and expects all the people of the country to attend this festival and to bring the dancers male and female in full dress. to spread and spread the work, to proclaim the glory of the country.
RG Lyngdoh, former Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University was the chief guest. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah RG Lyngdoh said that it is important to have such an organization (LKCPTA) to look after the management of the college, the and at the same time to act as a link between parents and the management of the college so that it can bring about the smooth running and also to improve the status of the college. .
If the government continues to delay, the Election Commission of India will announce the date of the elections and the Model Code of Conduct will come into force in Meghalaya.
“Don't lose hope, you won me five years ago and I don't hesitate to win again, if you win again within two years I will re-elect this block in this place and if I don't I am ready to resign. My MLA,” said Justine Dkhar.
Babu Daria, teacher of Sibsing Memorial Higher Secondary School Nongpyndeng, received the award for Best Guide Captain.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bah Johnsing Ranee, who is considered to be the oldest living resident of Kutmadan, Hima Sohra, has passed away today.
She said that next year the Meghalaya Games will be held in Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi district will also be involved in hosting this big tournament. Ri-Bhoi should also turn to Ri-Bhoi to improve the sports equipment and sports grounds and it will be a shame to the government if it cannot improve all these. Bhoi to hold this biggest tournament in the state.
This situation has become overwhelming and it has become like a drama.
He heals the lame, feeds the hungry, and so on.
The Minister said that it is necessary to ensure that the youth are not misled to join the NGOs.
Speaking to reporters, Hoverlin Syiemlieh, Secretary SSSBP, said that they are happy and do not object to the opening of the C&RD Block in the area. The reason for the lack of placards in the Block, is because the area has many youths who have completed their studies and are qualified to work in the C&RD Block.
This state has failed in the hands of the A, B, K, DSA and has become Bihar of Northeast.
It doesn't make sense to stay up late just to talk,” he said.
The Seng has spoken to one of the Khasi youths (who did not want to be named) who is still in Pune. I'm still in Pune.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a protest by the staff and students against the Vice Chancellor alleging that the duties of the Vice Chancellor are not sufficient in relation to all the duties of NEHU. On Tuesday, a group of employees and students of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) held a market protest to demand that the term of office of the Vice Chancellor should not be extended.
The area of ​​the building is 944.20 Sq.
The court also directed that in the case of coal that has already been mined, it should be managed as decided.
Bah Deibormi Nongpoh, Head of the Khasi Department, delivered a keynote address on the issue of Independence of India and the State of Meghalaya.
As the leaders of the party in Meghalaya we express our concern to the party workers we want their voice to be heard we request all the party workers to be united and think in the goal for the good of the state and the people".
In the final of the 1st (L) Lastkingroy Warkhyllew Memorial FT, Mawlyndep FC won the title by beating Combined FC 3-2
However, Rangdajied United managed to turn the tide in the 75th minute through B. Lariang.
After this, the government will announce the date of the district council elections.
In the morning starting at 10:30 pm, the residents of Shnat Raid Tynring came out one by one and in the morning there were only a few people. They were warned not to allow the people to enter the KHADC and closed the main gate to enter the KHADC, but at 12 o'clock in the morning, suddenly the people who came by bus came out and many times. They got off the bus and turned to the main gate of KHADC and tried to enter the ground, but the main gate was closed and at that time these people were shouting, in which some of them were shocked. The KHADC police who were present at the scene could not cope with the crowd and about half of them were able to enter, while the other half were stuck outside due to the arrival of the police.
According to the FIR, Bah Nongrum said that during the first session of the Legislative Assembly, he raised a question on 12th November 2022 on the expenditure till date in relation to COVID-1 all budgetary expenditures from the central government.
“The Minister, who is also the Chairperson of the Committee on the Roster System, said that if the VPP chief stops the strike, it will be for the good of all.
Thank you to Planning Rymbai (Father), Anita Khyriem (Mother), Kambhah Khyriem (hymen), Dayoophika Khyriem (hymmen), Emidaka Khyriem (hymmen), Elisa Pakem (wife) and Agatha Lansa Pakem (son) ).
In the next match, Mupliang Sports Club played Umshangiar Sports Club in a draw without any goal.
In West Garo Hills, there are 3 cases of high risk.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Tony Marbaniang, 25, has lodged a complaint against John Anthony Lyngdoh, Vice President of the BJP, alleging that J.A Lyngdoh (Dip) has insulted him and He said that he was insulted at one of the BJP meetings on the 14th of this month at Oakland Community Hall, Bivar Road from 5 pm to 7 pm.
According to the farmers, decades ago they went to farm in this area, but in the past years there has never been such an incident and they have been able to farm happily. without anyone coming to destroy them and without destroying their fields.
After the closing ceremony, the Umsaw Nongbri Youth Club cum Library Committee distributed prizes and trophies.
Luke 3:14.
“We have met with Home Minister Amit Shah and the discussion has been clear.
After the meeting, the Children's Committee of Chilliangraij Jowai held a tree planting ceremony at Khloo Langdoh with the participation of students of Chilliangraij SSA UPS, Chilliangraij Govt.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: In order to encourage the youth to stand on their own feet in entrepreneurship, the Central Government in collaboration with the State Government through the Block Offices, has launched a She invited young men and women from West Khasi Hills to come and learn about the Job Mela.
He also sees the Risbot Blei as a living sign between the relationship between God and man, between Heaven and Earth and between the Khyndai Trep Khyndai Skum or the Khyndai Tynrai above and the children of Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum in tbian.
Disparsing Rani of the Education Department through the DSEO said that the appointment of Ricky Chyne in Ichamati was due to the request of the Director of the Department. Ambrose Ch.
On the last day of the strike, the nurses' strike intensified when the hospital authorities brought in nurses from private hospitals to treat patients at the hospital. .
The NPP said that the promise of the AITC to set up FARM Centers in many districts has already started in the state by the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP. In the past three years, up to 330 Integrated Village Cooperative Societies have been established, 300 Collective Marketing Centers and 50 Farmer's Markets have been built across the state for the convenience of farmers.
In another 1st division match between Rising and Wahingdoh, Rising beat Wahingdoh 6-0
The program was attended by NSS students of Sohra Government College, NCC of Rama Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School Sohra, Police of Sohra Police Station, members of Sohra CHC, B.D.O. Students and teachers of Sohra Academy, members of Sengsamla and Saitsohpen Sanitation Committee, shopkeepers as well.
“We will stand firm to protect our land which has all the necessary documents and we will not allow Assam to invade our border,” said Dawan.
It is also important that it is sandwiched and prepared from big horse flour and olive oil.
Last June, a video showing the gait and function of Putin's legs caused concern among his family and followers. He was on his way to meet with Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko.
The voters of Tura and the state have already decided to overthrow the National People's Party (NPP)-led government in the upcoming elections, he said.
The title 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' which John Robert gave to this song which he wrote was also felt to be appropriate, so they decided that besides taking some of the words or verses from it. The song composed by John Robert was also titled 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi'
Shillong, July 22: The MDC from Mylliem Constituency, Teilinia Thangkhiew, on Tuesday raised a question in the KHADC Legislative Assembly to ask how many factories are in the area under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. There are 119 RBFs, 15 in East Khasi Hills, 2 in West Khasi Hills and 102 in Ri-Bhoi District. The factory is located in South West Khasi Hills.
The destruction of the environment has increased especially after the 19th century and as the days and years go by, the destruction has increased and as man has become more intelligent, the destruction has increased.
He added that even the equipment brought for the opening of the office on the 24th has been taken back to Shillong but how can the government announce that it has been opened on the 24th without a meeting or laying the foundation stone.
He said that the DC has already discussed this with the KAAC authorities and at the same time there will be a discussion with the village leaders to allow the entry and exit between the two ethnic groups. long in the past.
This bus is the last one.
Besides Hek, Momin said others who have applied for tickets are Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait, former BJP President Ernest Mawrie, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh and Sumitra Laloo.
On the Congress' turning its back on these leaders, Bah Lapang said the party has understood that it has made a serious mistake in the last elections, in the way of issuing tickets and this has destroyed the party. .
But we leave it to their discretion.
The Sohra MLA said that in the UDP party, there is never a dispute over the leadership, but it is through understanding and consensus.
“As a responsible elected official in this House, I did not expect such a statement.
From the Headmaster of the school, Riquoma Rq. Laloo, Albert Dkhar, Demonstrator, Ribait O Pde and Kong Memory Lyngdoh gave speeches on the benefits of forests which provide us with clean air and to strengthen each other. one to preserve the forests and living things on earth.
Shillong: Four political parties including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Ri-Bhoi Youth Front (RBYF) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. A meeting was held at the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima at Maraika in the presence of the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Paiem Freeman Sing Syiem, Village Authorities, Village Leaders and a group of traders. the process of expelling foreigners from the area.
Many experts speak of the consequences.
Regarding these writings of Dr. Mukul Sangma, the NPP at that time alleged that they were the statements of the Prime Minister that he wanted Purno A Sangma to die.
The match on Saturday will be between Ehrngiew FC and Beneres FC at 2 pm.
Fear not, nor be dismayed at this great multitude: for the battle is not yours, but God's.
Jaskirat Singh and PM Santhosh scored 17 runs each and PM Santhosh kept his wicket until the end of the innings.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyay expressed his gratitude and encouragement to the Ministry of Education for this special programme. to the students of the District.
Not only that, from Lum Shyllong, the Kur Longsyiem Mansyiem (Pah Syntiew) was also established to elect rulers who would protect the Hima and the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
“MLAs, senior officers, police forces will have to do one thing otherwise it will go wrong and it is necessary to resolve this issue, to maintain peace which is one of the most precious things in life. “I am sure that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs is still looking into the matter and the police have also stood by according to the need and I feel that no matter what happens, we have to fix this matter".
The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) together with the Khasi Students' Union (Central Body) will hold an Online Chess Championship on the 17th July you're right about tornelo.com.
There are 128 bobtail squids, which have been released into the sky to see if they can survive in space. .
He said that if the government has already appointed a replacement BDO in place of the transferred BDO, it should order him to deliver the test in Nonglang every Friday or it should appoint him. by a full time BDO to work only in Muliang Block in Nonglang, so that the people can easily go to Riangdo even for small jobs.
The burnt victims include Ma Vincent, Deborah, Gambegre Saleng A Sangma and North Tura candidate Billykid A Sangma.
He said that the Chemistry Olympiad is necessary because it stimulates the minds of those who are young.
The water supply system is not regular, water is essential for daily life whether young or old and we all pay the water bill which the PHE office charges.
Because the transformer has been broken for about 6 months and the residents have lost their light.
In West Khasi Hills, in 2017-18 there were 2 cases, in 2018-19 there were 6 cases and in 2019-20 there were 6 cases.
On this occasion, the members also sang the song 'Ri-Hynñiewtrep' during the 'Salute'
This violence cannot be tolerated.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today held a meeting to review the preparations for the upcoming MP elections. Deputy Commissioners and Sub Divisional Officers of the State.
The selection program will be held on 24th November 2022 at SAI, STC, Shillong Nehu from 6 pm and is only for residents of Meghalaya.
The meeting also felt that the illegal immigration to the reserve forests is one of the reasons why the Kuki-Chin people have fought against the Meitei people in Manipur.
The Minister said that at present, the Government will allocate T.10 crore to the churches to be used in the fight against drugs and drug abuse.
This selection will be for the Tyrsad Grassroots Level to resume the training of football players which the association has suspended in 2020-21 due to Covid.
Residents of Block-1 of West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Barato MDC, Bah Aibor Shadap on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister. , Conrad K Sangma to discuss border issues in relation to this area before the Meghalaya and Assam governments hold border talks between the two states in the second phase.
BJP leaders have always made anti-Muslim remarks.
Also present on the occasion were MLAs including Ampareen Lyngdoh, Metbah Lyngdoh, Ardent M Basaiawmoit and others.
In the complaint, it was said that the reason for the shooting was that Bishnu had lodged a complaint with the Hima for his involvement in illegal entry into the village.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 17: Unidentified gunmen on Tuesday robbed the life of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a tourist taxi driver from Larnai village, West Jaintia Hills District. I'm from Jowai to Shillong.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases with 1,16,752, followed by 51,935 in hospital and 5,600 deaths.
He said that the party urges the Meghalaya government to take action to discuss this issue and if the Meghalaya government does not take action, the party will not hesitate to take action. “If the Assam government continues to forcefully implement the road which falls on the border of Meghalaya under the Raid Warmawsaw in the Hima Nongspung,” he added.
Babu Soso Tham translated into Khasi the Fables of Aesop, a story about – The Horse, the Cow and the Bear.
me’.
During the visit, the Minister promised that the work will be completed within six months.
Nongpoh, June 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region in Ri Bhoi District on Saturday confirmed its full leadership. HNYF Umsawkhwan Unit in Ri Bhoi District.
“The Prime Minister said that there has been a successful implementation, trust and confidence in the hard work of the Defense Forces which has reduced the number of insurgents in the state,” it added. no more writing.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has caused many problems in the past few days. , they have to pay about half as much money and some have to pay more from themselves.
Latiplang said the company has applied for permission to renew the license stating that it will operate mining operations at Wahkut and Porkut which fall under the Nongjri area. The Nong Tynger Kur with the NOC from the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, while now a complaint has been received that the company is operating illegally.
Peter said that if the people have fallen into the trap of being deceived through money, any candidate who wins will not be able to provide a clean service.
Referring to the youth of these days, he expressed his regret that many of the youth are wasting their lives by falling into illegal activities and other lustful desires.
However, the cleaning of this road shows that it has just been cleaned, where even the paint that has been cleaned and rolled can still be removed by hand.
He also urged the NPP leaders to come back to the constituency so that they can bring about development works in the area as promised during the election campaign.
The clashes between the supporters of the VPP and NPP were brought under control by the Umsning Police Station.
The program was conducted by the Treasurer of the Seng, Alvarina Nongkynrih, and a 2 minute silence was held for all those who passed away last year including MLA Bah David Nongrum.
Bodies were loaded, dozens of them in a hearse and thrown into the river.
“When the time comes, we will not abandon the political parties who are fighting for ILP, we will have to support them,” said the President of HPSO Central Body. said Bah Kyrshan.
The incident took place at Dharamsati Primary School in Masrakh district of Saran.
Similarly, the number of Scheduled Tribe enrollees has increased to 2.51 crore in 2021-22 from 2.49 crore in 2020-2
He gave an example that if the Prime Minister comes, the government has immediately ordered the contractors to repair roads or other works and has set a deadline for them to complete them within the stipulated time. , but when the work was completed, the money was not paid and it was kept for many years.
“Those VDPs and Rangbah Shnongs who have tried to take over the power of the law should apologize like that person and repent lest you get into trouble.
The meaning of the word "Khasi" means a person who has been "shot", who has no seeds, a langpuid, who has died, and as a nation we are sorry to continue to be like that, and the Dkhar Bengali laughs. -Every minute you're ready.
They won the match from a penalty in the 65th minute, after the referee agreed to allow Sweden to score from the penalty spot, through a VAR check.
However, the KSU is not happy with the action of the union ministry in holding a speech before the bill is introduced in the legislative assembly.
Thus the fourth temple is a sign to the world that the end of the age is here. Amen.
Furthermore, at this meeting, Bah Ardent also explained the allegations against him that he insulted the Tymmen Basan for distributing kiad during the elections.
Director of Educational Research and Training, U A Ch.
The Nano vehicles are expected to end soon and the reason is that only 10 units of these vehicles were sold in July this year.
In earlier years, if doctors diagnosed anyone with cancer, they often had to go to Vellore for treatment because the treatment was not available there.
The Cabinet also approved to improve the Meghalaya Victim Compensation Scheme,
light turnip.1.
Thus it was found in the cities of Nippur, Larsa and Sippar that people named and believed that these statues or buildings were bridges between heaven and earth.
This body is only the earth that does not last long and will return to the earth.
Henderson was last honored by Liverpool fans in a video posted on social media on Tuesday.
He said the North East has introduced policies that will benefit the two regions and added that Thailand's desire to set up a mini FTA in four states within India. , including in Assam, will further strengthen trade relations.
In that match, Rublev played well and accelerated the match to beat Spain's Jaume Munar 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 He beat Kazakhstan's Alexander Bublik 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the first match.
The Fishery Department of West Jaintia Hills District on Monday visited Khatkasla Village to explain to the villagers about the Fish Sanctuary.
We have used the money for the purpose of breaking garbage, blocking garbage, building roads, buying garbage trucks for Lapalang and Mawlai.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the ANVC (B) will take part in the signing of the agreement and not the ANVC. The ANVC has been asked to take part in the elections for six months.
However, the friend replied that she did not receive any information.
He said that in the state, all the decisions have been taken by the High Level whether it is the implementation of schemes or the daily activities in the state.
The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Amlarem Civil Sub Division has imposed Section 144 CrPC to curb any incident that could affect the peace and order after seven villages continued to protest against the plan of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB). ) in Myanmar.
He urged the party workers to be united and understanding and if there is any problem to resolve it in collaboration with the women and youth.
Coriander, which is known as dhania in India, is native to South Europe, North Africa and South Asia.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 09: The office of the District Mental and Health Program (DM&HP) under the jurisdiction of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) today celebrated the World Suicide Prevention Day on the theme, “To provide assistance to people who have intentions to take their own life” (Creating Hope Through Action), which was held at Mawlangwir Indoor Hall where Bah LK Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
The HSPDP leader said that the party will win in 16 constituencies.
Johnwell G Momin, father of a 10-month-old daughter, is an unemployed man who has used his skills to support his family despite difficulties, and works as a golf coach. , which he used to teach for children who were interested in golf.
The tie-breaker breaker came and Nongdawah beat Mawmang 4-3 goals.
On the opening day of the festival, various games were held by the students of Mawphanlur Hill including painting, drawing, spelling. B', Adventure race, debate, and competition.
The report ended yesterday.
By setting an example to his brothers and sisters first and then to other young people in his community and society.
and its inability to take into account in accordance with paragraph 2 above, shall result in the loss of posts or jobs, which have been filled in the past, according to the share of any any group.
The CM distributed land titles to 100 households in the presence of Swapnil Tembe, DC, West Garo Hills and Rikse R Marak, CEO, Tura Development Board. and others.
Mawlai SC beat Umrit SC 6-0 in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 qualifier by beating Umrit SC 6-0 of Group A (Shillong Zone) at MFA Shillong.
“We strongly urge the Government to recognize Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd and at the same time we urge the State Government not to allow foreign companies without proper consideration,” he said. don't say.
Then he went to the land, and he gave it to the tieñ-ïa sorsa.
Balamkupar Rynjah scored the second goal for Umphyrnai Presbyterian High School in the 22nd minute and Lurshai Wankhar scored the second goal in the 28th minute.
Acts 1:9-11 / Zechariah 14:4-5
“As the Prime Minister, I urge the opposition, the leaders of the political parties and the society as a whole not to play politics but at this time we should have the intention to work from for the sake of the people we will work together to improve,” he said.
“Whether it is in Iewduh, Khanapara, Umsning, Nongpoh and other places where trading licenses are needed, no trading licenses will be issued to foreigners so that the Khasi themselves can have the opportunity to do business in the state.
The three suspects are Jimmy Kyndait of Moorap who was arrested on 28th October and two others who were arrested on 21st October including the brother of I Love You, Meban Talang. from Moorap and Samun from Mynsngat.
Roykupar said that as the party has already promised that if the government authorities do not do anything, the party will take action against it. The party does not only speak in words but also shows by deeds.
"I said to my mother, 'To kata Mei, I'm going to get something.
The central theme of the celebration is “Indigenous Technologies for Development of India”.
To ensure that the most vulnerable people in the society continue to receive basic necessities and are not affected during the curfew due to COVID 19, T.1.70 crore has been announced. Union Minister of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman on 26th October 2020 to protect such people from being affected by the curfew.
