Direct sunlight is measured between 4800K – 5000K. Direct sunlight is measured between 3000K – 4000K. The temperature is between 2000K – 3000K and is also known as Tungsten Light.
Applicants must have passed Matriculation 80% or above, HSSLC 70% or above, Bachelor's Degree 60% or above and PhD marksheet. , Shanbor Lamare please send it via Whatsapp to 7005874528, 6909061569 on or before 28 February
In addition, in Assam, Mizoram and Nagaland, there are also Manipuris who have lived here for many years.
There are schemes to raise cattle, pigs and fish but if there are no cattle, pigs and fish from Dkhar, we don't get meat.
Vicky Kaushal will join Abhishek Bachchan to host the IIFA 2023 in Abu Dhabi. Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Kriti Sanon, Karan Johar and others.
It was members of the air force who helped him up when he collapsed that day.
Earlier, on the 2nd of January, some games will be held for various reasons while the full opening ceremony will be held the following day.
This was especially true in the case of rice and it was found that the yield of rice was very low due to the heavy rainfall.
The speeding of the vehicles and the overtaking of other vehicles has caused them to stop for many hours and miss the service at 10 pm.
After the conviction, the court also ruled that the government should pay T.3 lakh to the family of Bah Bartu Kurbah, who was killed in the attack. you of your brother.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that about 50% of the dewbilat factories in the state have been allowed to operate.
Shillong, Nailar 17: About 40 to 50 members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body today staged a sit-in in front of the NEIGRIHMS. The withdrawal of two schools which belong to the people of the state from the Central Pool.
He said that so far, the scheme has been running smoothly without any delay and no complaints have been received regarding the implementation.
Ivanka Trump posted one of the photos on Twitter and wrote, "No one can stop him from working for the good of the American people.
These laws were given to protect and preserve culture and life.
The appointment of Rikman Momin as President comes at a time when political parties including the BJP have started preparing for the 2024 MP elections.
This will also apply to schools, said the Minister of Education, Rakam A Sangma.
The lyric and tune of all these three songs were composed by Lt.T.Bn.
Mulait United FC have reached the final after beating Lamyrssang 1-0 in the first semifinal of the Super Division Football League (SBSA) qualifier. on Saturday.
Runald Dkhar 43' and Iaishah Bareh 90'+1 scored the second goal for Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC.
In this regard, it is now necessary for the wisdom of the state government to formulate a mining policy so that the people can live in peace and live under the laws of the central government which are still waiting to be free even if they own the land. too.
“It is surprising that the Wild Elephants have received special protection under the laws of the Government of India but the Khasi people have not received special protection under the laws of the Government of India,” he said. Byrsat while speaking at a meeting of Chief Executive Members at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The members of the Executive Committee are Nehbiang Phawa, Tolly Ksoo, Jiedlang Sana, Meban Wahlang, Anthony Sumer, Emlang Dkhar, Phermison Dkhar and Kitdorlang Mukhim.
Secretary UDP Women's Wing State, Bah Biolkingstar Tmung Auditor UDP Ri Bhoi District, Bah Watson Kharkrang President UDP YW Umsning Circle, Bah Jeffrey Khymdeit Jt.
On top of this, the question arises – Is it day or night? The answer is, the night comes after the day.
Rio Marboh scored the third goal (59).
Police in Kashmore and Kandhkot on that day rushed to the scene on receiving information about the attack on the Hindu place of worship.
The Mawmluh Village has leased the hill for mining and coal mining and also some land for the construction of accommodation for the workers.
Shira, who will contest the 2023 elections from the TMC, said that the people of the state are well aware of the working methods of the NDA government, as only the JJM scheme has revealed fraud. Many villages have not yet received water.
It has grown since then and after about 100 years it was made the capital of a new state (Ka Ri Ki Lyoh).
The Indian Navy, INS Chennai on 5th July, in a fight against pirates at about 3:15 pm using Maritime Patrol Aircraft, Predator MQ9B and others. The MV Lila Norfolk has been rescued from the hands of these robbers in the Arabian Sea.
Nagaland lost 371 runs for 89 runs to win but lost their wickets.
Many mothers who give birth to children die with mother and child at birth.
ISIS militants have announced that they have taken over and rule in the name of the caliphate in Yemen, showing that their troops are well armed in a desert country that is not don't have anything.
Shanborlang Marbaniang will compete against Laishram Chinglemba Singh of Manipur in the Professional Boxing Championship to be held on Saturday in Manipur.
JJM Nichols Roy and so on.
Meghalaya opened the scoring through Chesterpaul in the 8th minute.
But in the midst of his sorrow, an opportunity opened up for him to see Jesus.
Meghalaya coaches are Pynskhem L Nonglait, Wilfred Kharmawlong and Noyontho Marak.
? Kmie asked.
If you do this 2 or 3 times a day, you will witness the difference in the beauty of your face.
“I am very glad hep that you have such an opinion.
Lyngkrang slept there with a lyndang and a different neck.
Conrad said the Government is ready to take measures to improve the water supply in the State and showed some of the measures taken by the Government to combat the change. from waste collection, plastic avoidance, reduction of air pollution, use of electric vehicles and other measures such as tree planting and community participation in the villages in addition to the involvement of students and youth through programs and courses in schools.
Meghalaya cricket team lost to Haryana in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on the third day of the tournament held at Mangaldai, Assam.
“The fact that the state is suffering from the border issues is that even the residents of the border villages like Maikhuli, Malangkuna and other border villages have strongly opposed the MOU. “The reason is that many parts of Meghalaya have been peacefully occupied by the Assam government,” said George B Lyngdoh.
In this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner said that every month the DTFC searches for illegal immigrants only in parts of Shillong and when asked whether they have ever arrested them. The DC said that the inspections have found that the people living in the city are illegal immigrants. Until now, since the establishment of the DTFC, there have been no illegal immigrants. One Bangladeshi was arrested by the DTFC once a month on information received from the Anti-Infiltration Department.
The KSU believes that the Creator will bless you with health, prosperity and will empower the Seinraij Jowai to preserve its religious customs and traditions. I will live with the nation.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister, Bah Banteidor, said that as the Minister, he will take action to ensure that the ground will be covered with plastic.
The traditional dances performed today include the nongrep chad, the rwai chad, the 12-piece chad, the 4-piece pliang chad, the 2-piece chad pliang and other traditional dances.
On the other hand, the chairman of the PAC urged the government to release the salaries of the employees of the construction department soon.
These leaders of the HSPDP said that they have nothing to blame the incumbent MLA or the HSPDP for their departure but they listen to the voice of the majority of the church as many have decided to turn back to the HSPDP. Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that he hopes that he will serve better than he has served before.
The Land Custom Station, Tamabil has also been designated as an essential office for the public.
I understand that you want to know all this but it may affect the conversation and the workflow.
The State will reach the age of 50 years and the citizens of the State, especially the children and young people who are still growing up, will continue to live and struggle with life for the next 50 years. long to them? How can they access education, health and employment? Education, which is a basic need of children and youth, has become expensive and will continue to become more expensive in the years to come unless we change policies.
“Therefore, I appeal to all the various groups to accept one fact and that fact is that if we cannot resolve it now, I don't think we can resolve it later,” he said.
Speaking to one of the elders, Bah Disparsing Rani, he said that in the traditional way and in ancient times, Timsih is the Kutlad language. “In the traditional way, Timsih is just a word to sleep peacefully from many thoughts” said the Disparaging Queen.
She also urged the contractors to give jobs to the locals, according to a statement issued by Bah Wanshwa S.Suting.
The Government of Meghalaya should not remain silent (on this issue) because silence is a sign of approval,” said Bah Sungoh.
From July 2024, the residents of Shillong will receive adequate eye care and thanks first of all to the government for taking this step through the health insurance scheme.
Lakhs of Amur Falcons migrate once a year to Umru and Tyrso villages in Ri Bhoi District on their way from South Africa. They have returned to Umru Village as usual every year who come to rest in Umru Village for only about 1 month from April to November and then return to Nagaland and from Nagaland. they return to their country of origin.
The Union of Cooks (PM Poshan), Ri Bhoi District, together with the Sengkmie Shillong, has convened for the first time a dorbar to commemorate the 161st anniversary of the death of Kiang Nangbah. on the 30th of November at Umtngam Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Patel was elected by the Narendra Modi government in 2016, when they refused to extend the term of office of Raghuram Rajan, who expired in Father Cilia, a native of Malta, is the son of Francis and Michalina Cilia, where he was born on 30th July 1936 and has the intention of doing the work of God, where he was also known as the young man of the East.
“The Hima leader said that these children of the raïot will remain in the custody of the Hima until the government does something about the suffering of the people in Malchapara.
They also alleged that this is a taking advantage of the employees of the bank, as in other banks there are no such persons who take such money when they go to withdraw or deposit money.
Half an hour later the forward added a second goal in the 34th minute for a 2-0 lead by the end of the first half.
Our state Meghalaya is still safe at the time of writing and we hope that we will not be affected by this disease which has spread all over the world.
To want to divide the state has been painful because it has led to more and more confusion.
The State Government has expressed its willingness to spend on this as it wants to have a large airport in the State to attract tourists.
In Odisha, factory workers have blocked traffic in Bhubaneswar.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, Bah Syiem said that this should be implemented in all relations with the government in the state.
The coal mining is another example in front of us.
“In the midst of this political climate in India, which is divided between religious groups or high and low paid, the discussion on the UCC is also divisive.
“I came here to understand the working of the party and the government, and I was told by the Prime Minister about the schemes that the government has created for the people,” Joshi said.
The speaker, perhaps, had threatened his own life, but he forced himself to continue his speech, in the presence of the soldiers, who were armed with powerful weapons.
“Many shops that have been ordered to clean follow, except for those that are too dirty, we will have to do another way,” she said.
According to Sangma, the NPP and the Naga People's Front are the leading allies of the NDA. He said it is the power of the prime minister to appoint anyone in his cabinet.
“This is the first time in Meghalaya that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, will take part in the Road Show and I urge the people especially those in Shillong to come and listen. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ernest.
Mihmyntdu is a village where many of the residents live by day labor but the parents of the children work hard to send their children to school to get an education. knowledge of the children of the hand.
The book, “The Past and Present of Sakwang Village” written by Dr. Sandor Ramsiej was launched by Dr. KD Ramsiej, President of the Governing Body. of King's College, Mawkyrwat.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 17: It is unthinkable that the officials of the Tourism Department, who are in charge of the construction of the three-storey monument on the top of Mawthadraishan Hill, have misused the the names of the builders and the whole kingdom of Myrïaw.
The meeting was attended by TMC leaders including MLA (Rangsakona), MDC (Balachanda) Agassi Marak, MPTCC Secretary Alhaz Abdul Hussain and General Secretary Meghalaya Pradesh. Mukul Das and Rajabala leader Dr. Mizanur Kaziwere.
The outbreak of COVID-19 has kept people indoors by closing doors, shops, markets and opportunities to work and earn a living.
With the change of time and in this world and with the changes in the rule of law, we see that the Khasi understanding and thinking has also changed.
However, according to the evidence and findings of the JSU, all the illegal vehicles seized by the council employees from 1 September 2018 to 29 February 58,293 units.
The owner is very happy when he sees that we too work hard and don't get sick or suffer bad things. “Yes,” agreed another younger man. Christmas gift to us how happy we are” said another and looked at Peter as if to say how he feels “It's up to the owner if he feels spiritual then it's better to buy a cake I don't buy a kilo of meat just to enjoy myself,” said another who has worked longer.
They said that if the NPP, which is in power in the state government, does not nominate a candidate, they are afraid that the party will disappear because the people will leave to support other political parties.
This means that the Gentiles have ended and the Gentiles can no longer rule over Israel because God has ended the Gentiles.
This Policy specifies the employment rate according to the population in the State and this was drafted in the Office Memorandum (OM) 40 days before the State (No.PER.222). /71/138 dated 12th January 972).
In the letter, Delhi Cantonment Councilor Sandeep Tanwar said that Rahul Gandhi has worked hard for the Congress party and that he is not allowed to lead the Congress party. , is not consistent at all.
Although Ialong tried their best to turn the score around, they didn't get enough chances to score.
Commenting on the AITC's promise to provide financial support to women and youth, Gogoi said, ““...they (AITC) have gone to other states with the same announcements and many of the candidates have was especially defeated in the elections held in Goa.
I don't know if you're going to Nongstoin.
Before being appointed as DC of East Khasi Hills, Bah Dkhar was appointed as Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the Seng leaders today met with Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture to discuss the issue faced by the synsar farmers.
It is learned that the people were waiting only at the place where he was supposed to hold a public meeting.
The Bible says that no one knows the day or the hour of Jesus Christ's return.
“What do you say, father?” asked the mother and immediately gave him a kiss.
Furthermore, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee has decided to set up special places for the people who come to sell milk. The Committee has decided that no one will be allowed to build basa or sher dara on the sidewalks or paths of the people. .
“When this road came, we were very happy but now it is sad that people have died due to the landslide,” said the working president of the UDP. The police have conducted an inspection of the area in Umling which collapsed until the death toll occurred in these days.
And it came to pass, as Jesus spake unto the children of Israel,
They don't allow only one leader, but if we rely only on one leader like the Khad-Ar Dolloi in those years relied only on Kiang Nangbah then we have hope that the country and the nation will rise. forward one day.
The Waheh Shnong of Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Joseph Pariat, has explained to the residents that the money of the village should be distributed for the benefit of the residents according to their rights. .
Furthermore, KHNAM demands that the drugs seized by the state police should be burnt or destroyed in front of the journalists to avoid any doubts.
By opening up the most powerful power generation stations to operate first, we have reduced the cost of living.
The attack was carried out by throwing bombs at these vehicles, which were coming and going from the insurgents in the Ingnaou area.
According to information received, the cholester had a quarrel with the Bishop but there was no quarrel with Alexandria.
The opening ceremony was held at the training ground and was conducted by Bah Franky Hoojon as the chairman.
Another method commonly used in Java and elsewhere is the trench method.
Speaking about the way of driving, especially in these arshaka vehicles, one cannot help but ask, where and how did many of the drivers get their driving licence? Because even among those who have been arrested, but the way they drive, does not show that they have really received their driving licence.
Police have tried to explain and calm the crowd and the police will take a decision to issue a warning against the driver of the vehicle. Later, the police took the policeman to the hospital for a medical test to find out the truth.
If the government does not take action, the FKJGP will forcefully ban the use of this book in all schools that use it, said Reginald Thabah, Education Secretary, FKJGP Seng Kmie.
If the NDA government fails to pass this Bill, the minorities of this region and especially us the people of Meghalaya, are in great danger from:-Ki Lad laikada – Ki The indigenous people of the North East as a whole have expressed their strong opposition to the Bill and have expressed their opposition in many ways.
The six Africans were identified as Enock Kwabena, 29, of Ghana, Olaleye Joseph Mayowa, 26, of Nigeria, Moses Zutah, 24, of Ghana, Guilavogui Victor, 25, of Guinea. Kehinde Edris Olayimka, 26, from Liberia and Vidal Luis Chissano, 25, from Mozambique. On the 2nd, while these three persons who did not have proper documents were arrested and charged according to the rules of law.
The Act shall expire 15 years after its commencement.
Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya and District School Education Officer, AP Syiem were also present.
The United Nations General Assembly for the Promotion of Peace and Unity has declared 21st November as the International Day of Peace. the understanding of the peace of people around the world.
The main theme of his speech was the three aspects of such a journey – the fact that we have become a hopeful society, where there is now a revival in terms of deiriti and society among the country’s people, and the rest of the world has embraced our initiative and is at the highest levels among countries.
Three speakers will be appointed, three in support of the MoU and three in opposition, and each speaker will be given 15 minutes.
Those who are interested can go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Block Development Officer to register.
In the first leg, Khliehriat West YWSC drew 0-0 against Thangskai Tiger SC. In the second leg, Khliehriat West YWSC drew 0-0 Dhana SC and Moolamanoh SC drew 1-1 with Chirup Sumer scoring the first goal for Dhana SC in the 63rd minute and Moolamanoh SC scoring the first goal for Moolamanoh SC. Eriston Dkhar scored 33 minutes.
Leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi Circle, including Bah Hercules Suting, General Secretary, Samla Tyngshain Makri, President of the HYC Bhoirymbong Circle, expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation to these other ethnic groups, who have committed violence against the Khasi.
“It is not violence or peace but the strengthening of the law is for the people,” said the CEM.
Out of the 467 cases, 257 cases were reported from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from Bishop Cotton Road, 10 cases from Jaiaw, 5 cases from Jail Road, 12 cases from Laban, 20 cases from Laitumkhrah. cases in Mawber, 38 cases in Mawlai, 8 cases in Mawpat, 18 cases in Mawsynram, 13 cases in Nongmynsong, 16 cases in Nongrah, 5 cases in Paltan Bazar, 13 cases in Thynroid and 9 cases in Upper Shillong.
Fire brigade from Guwahati and Jorabat had to fight for a long time before extinguishing the fire which broke out at the transformer in front of the North East Hospital. Cancer Cancer.
Regarding the contribution from the Raij, u Bah Edward said that as of now, there is a slight problem in terms of collecting the contribution to the funds of the Raij, but even so. He promised that he and the Rangbah Shnong will take action to seek assistance from the Raij office to donate to the school.
In another incident, Italian authorities said they seized 5.3 tonnes of cocaine loaded on ships arriving from the western part of Sicily on Thursday.
Shillong, March 2: On the occasion of the 145th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and also on the occasion of the Pre Puja and Kali Puja, the MLA of the 19th Shillong South L-A Assembly, Bah Sanbor Shullai. A meeting was held at Raid Laban Sports, Bishnupur to donate to the various Puja Committees of the constituency.
In a statement, Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said the bombing of Ghani's rally was aimed at disrupting the elections to be held on 28 November
On Tuesday, the residents of Rngi Shillong led by the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, took to the streets to protest against the cross-border operation of the Indian Air Force on Lum Shillong. which is still under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Village Council of Rngi Shillong.
A 24-year-old youth was shot dead by the operators of a De-addiction Center in Chandramani, Dehradoon, Uttarakhand on the 10th of this month.
The CEM said that the KHAD (Solid Waste Management) shows that there is a need for cooperation between the District Council, the Hima Mylliem, the villages and the market dwellers to bring about a clean environment by properly implementing the solid waste management. Waste Management.
When we fight for the cause, of the nation, remember that we have nothing to lose.
Shillong, Nailar 01: The BJP Meghalaya on Monday launched a massive protest against the harassment of party workers especially in Garo Hills.
The police of Byrnihat out Post have not only worked hard to secure the visitors to the state without exempting them from the check whether they are free of the virus. Covid-19 cases.
Many officers in the government departments are not sleeping well, according to media reports, because they doubt what will happen on the 5th of November if the Rangbah Shnongs and the people come to the Secretariat. The estimates given to the Prime Minister will not change anything because he accepts that it is not yet high paid while in front of them it has said that it is very terrible and if it happens that the people will flow like now These officers will be presented to the Prime Minister on the 5th of November.
Phulda L. Nongbri, Block 2, Wilda Nadon, Shongdorlin Kharjahrin, Block 4, Eleonora Marbaniang and Bari Thabah.
Prestone Tynsong also expressed his gratitude to the Chief Executive Members of Garo Hills for their willingness to cooperate with the Government in the construction of these roads.
It is learned that in this tournament, when he fought with his right hand, he won only the second place.
Shillong, November 07 : U Bodywell Puwein, Riangsieh, WKHD, on the 4th of this month at 8 pm, has been abducted by a group of robbers. They recognized and knew who they were, who came to the house of the old man and took him away.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The residents of Nongtrai village together with the members of the KSU today turned to the main gate of Lafarge Umiam Pvt Ltd and sat down there as a sign of protest against the failure of the Lafarge Umiam Pvt Ltd. companies to provide employment to the villagers.
These leaders include Bah Doris Sulein, Founder of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP), Samla Pynskhemborlang Sun, President of the Umroi Youth Congress Committee and other party leaders. and leaders of the Congress party.
Perhaps it will be more difficult for us to walk like others.
Dundee said the party's visit to Sikkim was to ask whether the implementation of the ILP has affected the tourism industry.
Nongpoh: After a TV channel from Assam known as Time-8, published a news report alleging that the residents of Quinine on the NH-6 in the country, The Dorbar Shnong Quinine and the residents of Quinine have strongly condemned the rally by holding a mass protest on the road. and the placard to condemn the Chanel TV from Assam, which has published such an unfounded news.
Meghalaya today played against the top team of Group-A Punjab in the second leg of the tournament. Punjab scored the first goal in the second half through Parmjit Singh.
I am going to prepare a place for you.
In the United States, the number of cases has risen to 142,600, New York State has 60,000 cases as of Sunday and New York City has 33,474 confirmed cases. .
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's sister-in-law Gabriela Maia and her husband have been confirmed positive for the virus. Boris, Carrie Symonds, is also married.
On 10th July 2007, he left for Bangalore to become an Aspirant for one year.
In a statement, BJP President Ernest Mawrie said, “Hek has been appointed to this post to oversee the proper implementation of central government schemes by various government departments. and also by District Councils.
On the same day, an awards ceremony was also held for the winners.
“In the past, others said that Maheh was old, but now the wise God has raised up a young man.
The CEM donated the money through the Council Relief Fund to support the family in Ummulong belonging to Mansuk Challam.
In addition, because it covers the soil well, it makes it more fertile when it is harvested.
The body of Ashim Saha was first found by the shopkeepers inside the Miracle Plaza at 9 pm this morning, after they heard the sound of the body.
Discussions have also been held with the PHE to provide uninterrupted water supply to the hospital.
The Apostle Paul expressed this sure hope in his first letter to the Corinthians 6:1
Earlier, on the 29th, the Daloi Children's Committee of SKSR-12 held an extempore speech in which Kathauni Ymbon came first, Ruhi Lamare from Shangpung and Trehikular Suchiang from Shangpung. Rice Muthlong.
On the other hand, Paila, in relation to the government's increase in the price of petrol and diesel by 2 tyngka per liter, the union does not agree at all. The price of fuel should be increased to a more affordable price so that the drivers can survive.
There were also two categories for children from 15 years old to 16 years old and above, said Ridalin Sohtun Secretary Shillong Entertainment in a statement.
Ten years in prison with a fine is nothing compared to the more than 42 years of suffering and misery we have experienced.
“The implementation of the JJM will be audited and the implementation will be submitted to the Comptroller Auditor General of India (CAG) as usual for schemes funded by the central government,” said Bah Renikton. when speaking to the media.
Not only that, the farmers also complained about the price hike of the buyers.
Besides, Bah Allan also spoke on the ways and means to create job opportunities for the youth especially in the field of tourism.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday urged the students who have passed the SSLC examination to continue their studies in the districts where they are located. to attend only one institution.
Jowai, July 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) JHDU will hold a debate on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the JHADC. District Library, Jowai, at 11:00 am.
At this point let us see how Abraham pleads before God against this terrible calamity to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah.
Shillong, Nailur 01: Former NEEPCO Chief Secretary WMS Pariat has been appointed as the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) and has rejected former Chairman Utpal Moral.
“The police released my brother and the vehicle after not finding a valid reason as charged,” said Anjela Jana.
Shillong, Lber 9: The employees of the Meghalaya State Housing Board (MSHB) have been left in darkness after the government has not paid their salaries for almost two years. it is the right of these 39 employees.
Woe unto the earth and unto the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath. Why? Because you know you don't have a little time.
It is worth mentioning that the annual tournament of Lower Primary Schools in Nongstoin has been canceled due to the outbreak of Covid-1
According to the President of the NPP, the BJP and the Congress have turned away the people of North East India.
“Because they have done good things, we can say that the NPP has won 18 seats in Garo Hills because most of the good development has gone to the east,” he said. said Mr. Robert.
Before attending the meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs had already held their Executive Committee yesterday and it is understood that the EC has already taken decisions on how to speak. and the prime minister.
The Rangbah Shnong/Dong should ensure that no one speaks against them.
Another decision was that the land owners should rebuild their houses.
“Not only do we carry medicines but we also carry tests.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today informed all the Presiding Officers and First Polling Officers who did not reach the first phase of the 20th election. , 21 and 22 October, 2014 to report for the training on 1st June, 2014 at 2 pm at St. Anthony's College.
Hyderabad: A husband has lodged a complaint with the police in Nalgonda, Telangana.
Esther F.Gatphoh, Charter President.
Furthermore, Bah Bisharlang explained to the children about the importance of having a goal.
You may ask why the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) is against the implementation of the NEP in 2023 even though most of the principals, except for a few, have accepted the NEP. .
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) led by Samla Banshai Marbaniang has met with the Senior Manager of Reliance Trends Limited, Police Bazar, Shillong. to Authorities as well as a letter received through the Indian Bar Association, which is an association of lawyers throughout India.
Ri Bhoi district is the strongest in producing rice but we don't know whether it is too much to sell to other districts.
That is why there has been a delay in completing the requirements, but the most difficult part is to develop procedures, rules and policies for future miners," he added.
“I saw the suffering, I too came from a poor and suffering family, I sat in front of the fire and thought how to deal with so much suffering; but we turn to God for mercy and God hears our prayer," he said.
They can say whatever they want but the Government will do what is right and best for the people.
Shillong, July 9: The Khasi Traditional Medicine Act 2011 has been in the District Council since 2011 but it has been stuck in the cupboard of the District Council. The MDCs in charge have been sleeping lyngngai until the end of their term.
He said that the unity of the ethnic parties is essential to bring strength to the state.
The two month training program was inaugurated on 25th July 2022 by Kong Marian Maring, BJP State Secretary as the chief guest. Sukh Toor, Vice President of the BJP Kissan Morcha in the state, Sukh Toor, Center Manager, along with youths from the village and Ri Bhoi region.
It is sad to think that many young Christians these days enjoy writing or drawing tattoos on their bodies. long the Young Man or Young Woman.
Indigenous people in West Papua have been attacked, robbed of mountains, rivers, mineral resources and killed by the Indonesian army.
“I have told the Vice President of the AICC about the lack of transparency of this government and the people have lost confidence in the present government,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Nongrim Hills led by Bah Bantylli L.Barry today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to urge for the implementation of the The Disaster Risk Management Action Plan (DRMAP) has been launched as part of the fight against the corona virus in the state.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from South Shillong Constituency and Minister of Meghalaya Democratic Party (MLA) of Mawshbuit village, has been appointed as the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The MDC together with Sohryngkham MDC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem have visited the gate of the Gorkha Training Center (GTC) at Mawshbuit and held talks with the GTC chiefs from Mawshbuit. The government has decided to relocate the gate from the area which has caused many problems to the residents of the village.
Photo Credit: Rimilan Passah and DP Lamare.
Meanwhile, the team of West Jaintia Hills District came second in the men's and women's category with one gold and silver medal each.
In the past few months, they have met with the Empowers Officer SRRDA, PMGSY in Shillong and have submitted a letter to the contractor regarding the suspension of the work. shall complete it within the expiration of the deadline set by the Government.
“Thank you for your help but I haven't left yet, I'll listen first,” said Hiram. “I'll call you home first,” he said. “Look here, if you don't have money, I'm ready to help you.
And the question is, Where shall we spend eternity? In heaven there is God, angels and all the saints with Jesus Christ.
All non-government schools from SSA, Adhoc, Deficit Pattern and Deficit Systems still receive their salaries once every 3/4 months.
Speaking on the arrest, Jigame said they were all at home drinking tea when about 30 policemen came to surround their house.
May God bless this message for His own glory.
The reporters found that the foreigners who sell at the market do not have a trading licence, but when talking to some of the vendors, they said that they do not know the trading license and all the requirements. They said that besides not knowing the Trading License, they alleged that the Sordar did not tell them anything that they need to do. don't have a Trading License.
Also present on the occasion were the SDO, BADO and other officers who inaugurated the Tourism Ceremony in Laitiam.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has sent a letter to the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul, East Jaintia District. Lyngdoh in which she expressed the urgent need to set up a Drug Addiction Rehabilitation Center to help such children.
It is worth mentioning that the players who have won the Ranji Trophy from any state earn at least Rs 30-35 lakh per season.
The Supreme Court on July 27 suspended the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya to shut down all Coke factories after hearing an appeal by a Coke company. state.
One fact cannot be ignored, that the people have elected these Rangbah, because they stand on the basis on which the people want them to stand.
There is also a Control Room where the public can report any incident by e-mail to dc-swkh-meg@gov.
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Shillong, on Tuesday visited the MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Chairman of KHADC, on the 24th of this month. November, 2021, the Sohryngkham Health Sub-Centre has brought good news to the residents of Sohryngkham.
The sale of these items in public places can be dangerous as criminals can take advantage at any time to injure shopkeepers or passers-by.
One man, who had a scar up to four inches long, had to be removed by doctors.
He said that it is necessary to inform the government that although there have been attempts by the prime ministers in these two states to resolve the border issue, there is still a dispute with them. The Assam Police and the Assam Government have been harassing the people in these areas.
The program was enriched by a song by the students of Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School and a Zumba dance by L.Majaw (MLHP) and her friends.
Allegedly, the Council's payment method to the contractor is unacceptable, Bah Dkhar said, “You usually find that the contractor when he implements any work in any department. Within six months, he earned T.50 lakh, within six months, T.2 crore and T.1 crore.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its gratitude to the President and General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for their encouragement and support to this wrestler who has brought glory to Meghalaya and the whole of India. other.
Explaining her journey, Marak said that education is part of transforming Williamnagar from its backwardness in the past to a prosperous present.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday decided to inform the State Government that the MDCs of the Council strongly oppose the implementation of the Civil Procedure Code (CPC) and The Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) has been implemented across the state on the grounds that there is a fear that the District Council courts will lose their powers.
The Deputy Commissioner said that complaints have been received that some market vendors in Shillong are selling food in an unclean manner without following the health rules, the use of shawla. , sdieh shana, and setting fires along the road poses a threat not only to the vendors but also to the public.
The president of SKRS said that the Rangbah Shnongs do not support any political party.
The committee started from Kyrdum, Mawsikar, Langpih and Kamphoduli and from there they passed through Hahim, Umshek and Gizang Athiabari. of the Angels.
However, as of now, the number of Khasi who come to get injections is still very low especially those who own shops in Ïewduh and other neighboring areas.
“It is the custom of any company to donate to any state affected by natural disasters in the country, but what I want to know is how much these companies have donated. contribution to this state.
Is the inability to have a humble spirit to submit to oneself or accept the leadership of others when one sees that they have received the trust of many churches when one is not able to do so? tyllai between you.
The Acting Sordar of Domkseh, Bah FL Nonglait, said that many of the tourists who want to visit the top of the hill, mostly They have to turn around only in the middle of the road, because the bad condition of the road has made them slow down and the lack of people coming to this hill has been a great loss to the residents of this area especially the people who came also left with many comments.
In the match between the two teams, Wahid was named Player of the Match.
On the decision of the AITC not to nominate a candidate from Shillong seat, the former CM said that this is due to the alliance between the Congress, NPP and BJP. “Because we are ready to carry out the plan and determination to nominate only one candidate as the India block, we are not ready.
When asked whether the MDA-II government will be formed in collaboration with the previous political parties, Prestone said, “There should be a coalition government if it is the MDA-II. or by any other name, and we will decide and let you know.
Shillong, July 7 : The Minister of Home Affairs, who is also one of the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has slammed the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), Vincent H Pala. “It's not like the Congress leader has spoken too much to accuse the UDP of corruption,” said Vincent, without mentioning his dignity as President of the Congress. “We should first examine ourselves why all the Congress MLAs have fled as soon as he took over as President and now he starts accusing us without any grounds and without truth,” said Lahkmen.
The UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, on Tuesday informed the House that the residents of the border area and also of Marmaiñ village have been in shock over the poster of the San Military Sanatan Society (SSS) against Christian schools.
In another incident, it was reported that a youth has been drinking bih just because he was invited to a youth gathering.
I've been lynga since then.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Roykupar Synrem said that what will happen if a few thousand people come to normal Shillong.
Besides, there are also heavy trucks of the Air Force carrying cargo at the Air Force base and this has further deteriorated the appearance of this road.
As someone who doesn't know anything, I don't dare to say whether Pastor Marwein's statement is right or wrong.
It is sponsored by the JCB and the JCB Literature Foundation.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 06 : Two BJP candidates, Bah Krison Langstang, for the Sutnga-Saipung Constituency and Bah Yesbha Chyrmang, for the 6-Khliehriat Constituency, today arrived. to register nominations for Returning Officers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
I Conrad Sangma commented.
“NEEPCO has written to us and expressed that it does not want to continue the construction of the Thermal Power Project and they want to cancel the soskular already signed,” said Minister of Electricity AT Mondal. in the media.
He said that all the non-resident land owners in Lumshyiap have been directed to meet the Rangbah Shnong with the documents of the land before that day.
What will happen if we live in righteousness? Who will come to cover our waters that we have produced? It is true that we are full of ourselves when we don't have the spirit of thinking of others.
Let the government do its part.
The DIG said that police have registered a case on the discovery of the body of Bah Omeka on suspicion that he was murdered.
They received cash prizes of 10,000 and 5,000 tyngka.
Until now, we don't know whether there will be a backlog policy and we want the government to clarify on this,” said former MCS officer Laben Ch.
At the same time, the leaders of the countries around the world have been sleeping slowly when the temperature has risen, and the temperature has risen. for example, the world's largest city, covering California, Turkey, Greece and Italy; Russia has increased gas prices in Germany and kiwi fruit in Europe; The good news has been received in your state.
However, after a while he lived in Sumer, he was involved in this disaster.
Therefore, even the household has to lose many of these things just because of the excessive fishing.
Shillong, November 01: Mawlyngbna village in Mawsynram area will be the second village in the state after Mawlynnong to receive a solar power scheme.
Boy's has generously donated its ground to hold football training and physical training for the children.
How come, many people don't have to pass the examination but get a job without preparing for school or going to school or without having to take any competitive exam? Voters do not have EPIC or voter ID cards but only their names on the Electoral Roll.
“We request the owners of petrol pumps, especially those owned by Khasi, to employ or give jobs to the youth of this village and our area,” he said.
The third and sixth batsmen also scored runs, with Swarajeet Das scoring 26 runs, but this score did not last long for the Panthers and they still needed more runs to win.
This statement of the elders who are still living here and there in the Labang-Nongphyllut area can still prove the greatness and authority of the person who wears it especially in religious matters, in judicial matters. KHADAR of the Doloi and Pator within the Elaka and in the religious work in the KNIA and KHRIAM in the life and death of those who hold fast to the customs and traditions handed down by their ancestors.
Of these, two Scientific Officers and three staff were appointed by the Central Government in March
Two incidents have occurred in Jaiaw area on Thursday, one of which was the shooting death of two students from Kerala who came for an internship with the Impulse NGO Network. to the area and entered to eat at a restaurant.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RB Lyngdoh, Sordar of Umsong Village, said that the BDO of Jirang, Bah G Passah, who is also one of the MCS officers of the state, has been involved in the incident. One of the district officers who has been insulted by the state government has not provided him with a vehicle, especially in the area where the roads are not adequate compared to other blocks of the district. the officer has to spend his time traveling in his private vehicle which is not as powerful as other government vehicles of the officers, which can stop the raieh raidam even if the roads are not easy to leave to come.
New Delhi: Reliance Jio has registered 80.82 lakh new mobile subscribers in June 2019 alone, according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority. TRAI and a total of 31.48 crore Jio SIM card holders as at the end of June
He said that prostitution will continue and cannot be eliminated and should not be considered illegal.
KSU Nongthliew Circle has concluded the 2nd Maitshaphrang Inter School Sports and Athletic Meet (KSU) Nongthliew Circle.
On the other hand, the union demands that the villages should no longer issue trading licenses to foreign shops and also the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima and KHADC should no longer issue trading licenses to foreign shops. Unemployed youths will be able to set up shops in Shahlang market, said a statement by Samla Phersngi Nongbri President HYC Umdang Area Unit.
“Such decisions to set up Border Outposts, which are for the safety and security of the people of the state, require cooperation so that we can avoid such incidents happening in Mukroh, in the I don't know,” said Conrad.
As part of the training for the youth of Satpator area in the field of cooking, SURE has also taken steps to improve the quality of traditional food.
According to sources, the Union has recently set up a Union of all the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to participate in the meeting to discuss how to hold the Dorbar Bah. continue for years to come.
The investigation will determine whether there is any hostility toward anyone.
After the procession, RSS members gathered at Cantonment Square where the General Secretary, RSS Khasi Kills, Bah Pawnam Khongsni delivered a speech. contribution to the society in the state and the country as a whole.
“Without you, I am nothing and I am happy that if I get the opportunity to lead the National Assembly through the power of you the people and I will advocate for the issues of the nation”.
The Labang Nongphyllut Langam Raliang area was forcibly carved out of The Jaintia Hills on 13th April 1951, and this year being the 50th Anniversary of this unhappy event this book is the Cry of the People of  fifty years of slavery 1951 -2001.
Therefore, the organization encourages everyone to take part in this tournament.
He asked the Governor on what basis he approved the election of Bah Latiplang when the number of members was 14 members.
The plane's disappearance came after one of the pilots asked for permission to fly higher because of the storm, while those in the cockpit reportedly , they were not allowed to, because there was also another plane, which was flying on the same line.
A group of unidentified robbers on Tuesday morning attacked the driver of the Meghalaya Guardian newspaper on National Highway-6 in Umling, Ri Bhoi District. the newspapers to Shillong.
Nongkrem MLA and MDC Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been an MLA and MDC for 7 terms for 35 years, Pynshngain N Syieme, Leader of the Opposition and former CEM, has been an MLA. and MDC, not only now but did not say anything but this time again there have been complaints and he alleged that these complaints are just a fear of the present EC.
He also urged the residents to think better about agriculture.
It was during his tenure between 2016 and 2018 that Bengaluru FC won the Federation Cup and then the Super Cup. and became the first Indian team to reach the final of the AFC Cup.
Katrina's boyfriend, Vicky Kaushal, announced that he had tested positive for the virus.
He said that after receiving the report, the matter will be considered to remove the 56 members who were appointed by the old EC of Madonbai and call for a new advertisement. as per the rules of the Council.
The same items were distributed in Lad Wah Wapung and Iapmala on Monday.
Under the UDAN scheme, 14% of the runways have been allocated for the North East.
“It remains for the decision of the High Court as they are waiting for the final meeting between the government and the HPC,” he said. HPC to announce the time and date of the meeting.
“This 200/- is my baisha.
Ranveer wrote on Twitter, “With the consent of my family, we would like to inform you that our wedding will be held on 14th and 15th November
The role and impact of social media works well in developed countries as well as in educated people. and intellectual people).
"I was shocked," said Annie Fitzpatrick,
Samla Aristone Ryndongsngi, Chairman of the Union of Youth Organizations of Ri Bhoi Village, said that the peace rally and the public meeting should be held in a smooth manner without any incident. The main purpose of this peace rally and public meeting is to support the Job Reservation Policy that the state government needs to amend or improve. so that there will be no discrimination in the employment of the youth of the state.
Manbha Ïawphñiaw scored the second goal in the 53rd minute before Mawlai scored the second goal in the 81st minute.
The race was attended by young men and women as well as the elderly. The race started from Jyntru Village and ended at the NSCA Indoor Stadium in Nongpoh.
“Therefore, the issue is not clear because no one is against the NEP. However, the difficulties in implementing it especially in terms of human resources, infrastructure are the most important issues.
Sarma also praised the dedication of the Police Department across the country and highlighted the work they have done to maintain peace and order, investigate crime and assist the people. when there are any disasters from the forces of nature.
For the Team, participants have to pay T.500 as entry fee, T.100 for Men's, Women's Single, Veteran Single and T.200 for Men's Doubles. The junior category (women and men) will be free of charge.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said that the party's working president, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, will be the UDP MP candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
“I will take the decisions of this farmers' dorbar bah to the government and we will do whatever we can, because if we can do only 20-30 percent of the demand it will be helpful, although we cannot do it all,” he said. , he said.
The day was enriched by dances and songs performed by the students of the school.
Even in the Christian faith, there are many different religions.
The protest was organized by the Joint Coordinating Committee for Reservation Policy, 1972 (JCCRP) which includes civil society and village leaders.
Informing on the temporary suspension of the Trade Expo, Bah DP Kharsati, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, said that the District authorities have received many complaints from the Trade Expo. Nongpoh MLA, residents and civil society organizations, who have complained about the proposal to hold the fair, have expressed their fear that if the fair is held, it will affect the spread of The Trade Expo will be attended by many foreigners.
But I was surprised that they sent me to sleep in the COVID ward.
It is surprising to hear from him that he says that he speaks of righteousness and truth while his actions go elsewhere.
The fire broke out at 9 pm in the Patharkhmah Market, after a terrible fire broke out and destroyed the shops. The fire was extinguished by the villagers and hundreds of shops. They were able to extinguish the fire.
Nongpoh: To curb the border crossing activities of Assam in those villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border, especially in the Khanapara area, which is the area adjacent to Assam, on Saturday, the Assam government has issued a statement. A meeting was held at the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet to discuss the issue and through this meeting, a new committee was formed, known as the Border Welfare Committee. which shall be responsible for the border matters in the area.
She said that on the issue of the suffering of women due to the increase in the price of LPG gas, she will take it to the Prime Minister so that she can help the people of Shillong.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the government is still waiting for a reply from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) regarding the progress of the peace talks.
The choice of low-calorie foods among those who want to lose weight is not always good because this cannot be sustained for a long time, but there are those who choose this path which is not healthy. in the name of weight loss.
In a letter sent to the DC of Ri Bhoi District, the RBYF has requested the government to suspend the proposal to build the Entry & Exit until talks with the to arrange with the Raid and Hima rulers, so that it may reach an agreement on both sides.
“We strongly urge the government to prevent such protests against the society which could lead to violence in this bloodshed area,” said the union.
Because if you ask the coal traders or the police, they say that the trucks are of high level, and even the cows smuggled to Bangladesh are allegedly of high level.
Tickets will be sold through FIFA.com/tickets and will continue until the end of the tournament on 18 November
According to the KSU president, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah could not promise this but said he would take the matter to the Cabinet for discussion.
He said that this survey is also to warn that there should be no same species twice and these species will be uploaded on the website of the Council. so that those who wish to learn about these past kurs can get information.
Shillong, June 20: The SRT will hold its Annual General Meeting on the 3rd June 2022 at Pinemount Ridge, Meghalaya.
Rev. Roy replied by saying that to serve the people, he and the church were serving God.
Those who sell illegal drugs will be fined T.20,000 tyngka while those who buy illegal drugs will be fined T.10,0
The DC Ri Bhoi, has also issued a directive to the public not to leave the house during the hot hours of the day especially at 12 noon and 3 pm. drink plenty of water and wear clothes that are more comfortable.
Then the Lyngngam and the Garo came out together with the laughter of the dead man.
SHILLONG: The Chairman of the Indian Olympic Association (IOC) RK Sacheti on Tuesday said that if the National Games are to be held in the scheduled year, the Meghalaya government will need to start construction. All stadiums and games villages will be closed on or before July this year.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang in his speech as the Chief Guest, spoke on the need for teachers to recognize the unique talents and talents of the students. From the time they are young so that they can develop their talents later on whether it is in education or sports and urged them to instill in the minds of the students the the spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem who was not only a hero of the nation but also of India as a whole.
The Ehrngew Committee of the Seng Khasi Tyrsad Circle, on the 22nd of November 2020, has expressed one of its best works, and this is that it has collected a donation of money, to assist in the handover of a house to a family who is suffering from severe poverty in their home.
Peshawar: Twenty-four passengers from the UAE have been forced to quarantine themselves after specially trained dogs seized the men on the grounds that they were in possession of corona virus disease.
The budget for the year 2019-2020 will be submitted on 13th October
There she fought hard and escaped from the hands of those foreigners.
Readyon Stone said that regarding the special needs people, the union has suggested that the government should provide the necessary equipment in schools so that they can join as other fellow students.
The meeting was led by Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Hima Khyrim, along with Bah P Lyngdoh Pyngrope, Lyngdoh Raid Nongkrem and Bah John F Kharshiing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of School Education and Literacy Ambrose CH Marak said that he has already sent the reply to the government and it is up to the government to take the necessary action.
Explaining about the incident, Bah Stephen Kharbani, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tistrong Iawsai, Secretary Shnong and other members of the village, said that the Dorbar Shnong has not sent Nongniah. The ambulance was used to transport Kyiad, but it was a mistake by Nongniah, because when he asked for the ambulance, he said that he was going to Shillong to get medicine for a patient.
Similarly, another player whose career has ended; Maria Sakkari defeated Marketa Vondrousova 7-5, 6-3
The COVID-19 pandemic has not only posed a threat to health, but has affected the working methods of the council which has had to reduce the number of people to come to work by 30 percent until November 2020 when 100 people were allowed to come to work. percent of the way you work.
We must not forget that the Nepalis have come since 2009-10 and their arrival was through the Assam government's order to increase the number of paid in the area. He said that as the Hima since ancient times they have been demanding from the government to resolve the border issue so that they can curb the infiltration of new Nepalis in the country. Langpih area, but the State Government has not yet been able to do anything.
The Seng Khasi Mawlaingut requests and urges the law enforcement authorities to arrest immediately those involved in the attack or damage to this place.
Mawsiatkhnam PHC was inaugurated on 7th November, 2002 by (L) DrFA Khonglam, who was the Chief Minister of Meghalaya at that time.
The President said he was pleased to take part in the closing ceremony of the North East Festival which was held as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav.
The HITO leader said that the state government should expedite the removal of these people from the Metor area so that foreigners will not dare to interfere in the household affairs of Meghalaya. .
Initially, he started planting “Karimunda”, a variety of coconut, which produces larger coconuts.
It is at this time that they are alone that Satan leads them to temptation because for a person who is busy temptation is less likely to lead to evil.
Those who attended the 139th birth anniversary celebration of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy included Rev. Dr. BR Sohkhia, Rev. R. Imiong, Principal of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy College, teachers and college student.
According to a statement issued by the Secretary, General Administration Department, Abhishek Singh, the government department has received information that there are many government employees working in the shops. of various government departments, besides working long days, do not follow and check the working hours and arrive late almost every day at their workplaces.
When contacted by Rupang, some people said that the reason for the government's delay in holding the mid-term MDC elections may be because the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma is still waiting for the MDC elections. CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem should be appointed according to the law otherwise it will be a defeat for the government.
The house was built under the SRWP scheme of 2017 and after the opening ceremony, the house was handed over to the Union of Longkmie. Mawlong United Consortium.
The bike (ML 10B 2115) was driven by Hosbert Makri, who was on his way from Plasha to Byrnihat. He said that the bike collided with the back of the truck, which caused injuries and the bike was damaged.
On the 18th of November, Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch Police have arrested Arch Angelo Syndor and registered a Non FIR case U/S 185 MV Act against him. He was fined T.2000 tyngka and banned from driving for 6 months until 8th June, 2017 and his license was handed over to the Licensing Authority.
At this meeting, the HSPDP will discuss how to strengthen the party and other issues affecting the country and the nation.
The purpose of the KSU in distributing the awards is to encourage and wish the students of the area to progress and succeed in their studies.
The explosion was caused by 3 shops on the island that occurred on the evening of January 10, 2023.
The three-day annual Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, started on Saturday.
Among other ethnic groups, I would like to mention here the group of Mazhabi or Dalit Sikhs, who came to work in Shillong for the purpose of cleaning up the garbage of the city and the garbage that comes from them. houses of the inhabitants.
For more information on the making of gur or on the making of sugar from pai, please contact the Indian Institute of Sugar Technology, Cawnpore, United Province.
Other speakers at the meeting included B. Blah, ADC, Bah S. Phanbuh, Assistant Commissioner, Dr. HH Mohrmen and I. Phawa, Assistant Research Officer, Jowai.
He said that the entire Jaintia Hills will be affected by the maintenance of this line and the electricity will be turned off from 6 pm to 11 pm.
The celebration was organized by the United Children's Society (UCS) together with the relatives and the village of Laitkynsew.
On the same day, the State Chief Information Commission, Bah H.Nongpluh, IPS (Retd.) visited the Governor and the Inspector General of Police (IGP) of the Central Reserve Police Force, North East. Sonal V. Misra, IPS, Sector, met the Governor at his residence at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
Nath said the kaseng has submitted a proposal to the government to increase the fare due to the fall in prices and fuel fares.
He also criticized the MSPCB for not providing the necessary documents to these factories to start mining coal.
Also present on the occasion were Sounder Strong Cajee, TMC Mawkyrwat Constituency Candidate, Benjohnson Lyngdoh, President of MCSEPAC Youth Wings, TMC Vice President Donbor Nongsiej. Black Stone and others.
It was interesting to hear when the youths who took part in these events shared their findings, some of them said that they had to go to their MLAs or MDCs to request them to buy the Coupon is not only a page or two to support but with 4 or 5 books worth thousands of tyngka, those who come from poor families have to go around and ask their friends, neighbours, leaders to support them. buy their coupons while those who have more less buy themselves by their parents, relatives and the proceeds go to the managers.
Shillong, July 5: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly opposed the extension of the retirement of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat for another six months.
“The issuance of Provisional License to three persons was not brought before the Cabinet and it became known until RTI was examined by the civil society and these facts were revealed,” he said.
“If it is found that the drivers are charging more than the price set by the government, these drivers will be temporarily suspended from their vehicle licenses and if they are found to be in violation, the DTO will remove them. your license or vehicle documents,” he added.
The office said it has received information that there is a killing of dohum around the rivers by ber bih and this will affect the cleanliness of the water and will also kill the fish or flowers. along the Wah and will also cause damage to the health of the people. Violators will be subject to the rules of law. This order will come into force from the date of publication of this news.
Speaking to reporters, Johi Kongwang, Vice President of the Bangladesh Indigenous Forum, said that it is more likely to find Khasi living in Bangladesh who are Muslims. There are no Muslims in the church, but there are many Christians and traditional religions. Regarding the Christians, he said that almost all the churches have their own churches.
Therefore, she urged the parents that when they bring their children into this world, it is their duty to raise and care for them and to provide them with education and food and drink. very good.
However, now the change is how long will women be only assistants to the senior candidates and when will they stand for election to become legislators? Isn't it time for women to wear equal clothes? What is more surprising is that there is not a single political party led by women.
He said the BJP party is very different because it is a party that serves the people while the Congress party will be in power.
As everyone says that this country is a country that knows man and knows God and its people have a spirit of knowledge of others, so with the spirit of ignorance and knowledge of others this time it has brought many problems. in every way without thinking what it will choose for the future and the generations to come.
Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, President of the HSPDP Women Wing, in a statement, said that uranium mining in Khasi and Jaintia Hills has started in previous years.
“We expect that the number of party members will increase in the state,” said Wasnik and added that they will win the Lok Sabha elections from Shilling and Shilling. the Law.
Despite the allegation that the State Government has no role in paying the ASHAs who are volunteers across the State, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that He explained that the people of the State should not be misled as the State Government is responsible for providing incentive payments and there are also ASHAs who receive more according to their ability to provide services in the area. ASHAs who earn up to T.82,000 during the first few months of work.
Regarding many of the comments on social media and in the newspapers regarding religion, Bah Arwel said that these comments came because of the fire at such a time. “It's still a burning soul especially at a time when we are sad if such incidents happen,” he said while speaking on the anger of the Seng Khasi against the burning of the body of Bah Kulam Nongrum.
Sñiawbhalang said that he, Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong who are the top leaders of the party have one voice and one mind to work and serve the people and there is no team. A team B and team C like other parties.
However, what kinds of teas do you need to drink during the rainy season that can help cleanse the body and fight against diseases?
During 2019-20, 309 projects have been implemented under the General State Plan worth T.442.72 crore.
The NPP leaders have also expressed their dissatisfaction with the Congress party led by Mukul Sangma. The Congress Party has been declining in the past few days, especially on the departure of senior leaders, such as Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and especially on the announcement of the ceasefire. Dr. DD Lapang, Mr. RC Laloo and Mrs. Roshan Warjri.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 26: The government's recognition of synsar as an agricultural commodity has been of great benefit not only to the farmers.
Jesus healed the blind but many who saw are still blind because of unbelief and disobedience.
Shillong, November 13: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities (FPWD) has filed a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) against the Indian candidate for election. The National Congress (INC) candidate from Sohiong Constituency has arrested Seiñ Osborne Kharjana for allegedly criticizing people with disabilities.
Services will have to face Punjab without Mattummal to secure third place in the Santosh Trophy at the King Fahd International Stadium on 4th October
However, there is hope that soon there will be new faces, ready to speak for themselves and intelligent, who will contest the 2023 elections without the support of the old political parties (whether they are and the thor and the Lum).
“Sreenidi is also the team that came second last season, so it will be a more difficult game for Lajong to win.
The Sports Association, East Jaintia Hills District.
The footpath was cleaned with tiles made at Kynshi at the factory of Bah Wen Marwein.
Therefore, the union has suspended these employees until they can provide the necessary documents.
Since its implementation this year, more than 13,000 students from 62 schools and colleges across the state have reaped the fruits of success from this programme.
“She said that the NHIDCL and the State Government should inform the court when they will start implementing this road in order to give advice on the removal of some trees which cannot be avoided. .
At present, there are groups and organizations in Ri Khasi Jaintia who strongly support the demand for 'Garoland' even though they do not want even 10 inches of land of Bri U Hynniewtrep to go to the new state.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday outlined some of the visions of the State Government to develop Meghalaya from the best to the best. and to ensure that partnerships will bring Meghalaya to a revenue of $10 billion.
Mawkyrwat, July 12: The Principal of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mawkyrwat has invited online applications from all the residents of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mawkyrwat. Class VI will pass through the Selection Test for the year 2023-2
He said that earlier in his election manifesto, in 2008, he had talked about the need for empowerment and protection for the Chiefs and Rangbah Shnongs.
When it comes to the Rajput people in the past, they told stories in India.
Members of the Indian Army, Air Force, Navy, Coast Guard and Border Roads Team will take part in the Yog Bharatmalaha.
He said that the vendors have agreed with the employees of the HoD to buy the goods at a reasonable price, even though it is banned by the government.
Haba shu crossing the road2
Opinion polls in the media have shown that Mukul Sangma is more popular than Conrad as Chief Minister.
The NPP has become the highest paid party after winning 26 constituencies in the last elections.
Other guests who attended the closing ceremony were MDC Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Jansing Tynsong, Block Mission Co-Ordi Nator SS Allya, Bah Plosstar Swer, one of the elders who worked hard to establish the school in Umtyngar in 1990, was accompanied by teachers, former students, village authorities and members of the School Managing Committee of the school. .
Derrick Pereira has completed his AFC Pro license and has taken over as technical director of FC Goa for the last three games of the 2019-20 I-League season after the sacking of coach Sergio Lobera. and Spain.
The family belongs to Samla Ribal Shadap, his brother, who lives with his brothers in a dilapidated house. The village and the youth organization have been unable to build a house for these children.
In this match, Nongthymmai had several chances at the beginning of the match but could not achieve their goal.
However, the BJP and Hindus hate Christianity and the English language because they come from outside India.
He said that the residents of these villages have wanted the government to clean up the road.
The team will also prepare for matches against Australia (29th), Uzbekistan (74th) and Syria (90th) in the overall tournament.
The death toll has risen to 15 in the incident.
According to a statement from BL Nongum, General Secretary of JACAMFU, the farmers in the state are facing various problems, but no one has taken action. The party has gathered all the farmers' organizations in the state to unite to demand for the rights of the farmers and appealed to the people of the area to come. to participate in the rally and provide active support for the realization of many of the demands of the farmers.
There will be a traffic jam during the Symbood Village, Dieñkhlam and Village Blai on the 6th and 7th, from Riatturim to New Hill Police Point.
After that they sat down in the big room.
On the other hand, Bravestar Phawa congratulated all the residents of Sohmynting from those who support and those who do not support him not to have any differences, but to work together with him for the good of the village. you thaw.
Bah Ridley Rangslang explained the value of the Constitution of the country which is the largest and most widespread among the Constitutions of the world which gives us the right to democracy.
Before the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem, Jesus had foretold, “You shall worship neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem” (John 4:20).
He said that recently during his visit to Delhi, he had sent to the Union Government through Tribal Affairs Minister Arjun Mundal to build and improve the markets under the Council.
Why should I spend time with this unemployed man and we don't know how much he loves Meghalaya”.
We have a close relationship with Meghalaya and we also respect the people of Meghalaya and the people of other states in the North East,” said Hazarika.
Swastic Chettri, who scored the highest score with 88 runs, will join Roshan Warbah, Aman Kumar and Abhishek Gupta as the batsmen who scored three half centuries.
We will meet again to resolve this,” said Mondal.
He said that the riots and destruction that have happened during the marches in the past few days, will be taken as necessary in this regard.
“The Meghalaya government through the MEPRF has collected up to Rs 445 crore from the sale of coal,” he said.
On the other hand, the union urges the authorities especially the government to complete the new school building by 2018 and so on. The party will take other measures to put pressure on the government and the relevant authorities.
She goes to this room to listen to music from the computer.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The National Vice President of the BJP on Tuesday appealed for support for the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections. He came to campaign for the BJP candidate from Mawhati, Dr. Evarist Myrsing at a meeting held at Umsohlait Village in Ri Bhoi District.
The MRDS has been implemented in three districts of the state except East and West Garo Hills.
HANM also alleged that some members have been forced to resign and it was also witnessed that some members who resigned were present at the meeting with the media.
Jowai, July 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that he has requested Rs 300 crore from the Central Government for the repair of the damage caused by the floods. state in the past few days.
One of the Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the people are more encouraged by the ethnic political parties in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to elect MPs to the House. Shillong Parliamentary Assembly to pass a law.
Taxi drivers/Bus drivers including MTC/STPS 7.
Police have tried to rescue the truck but could not rescue it and the driver could not be found because the water was too high and they could not find out where the water had flowed. to the spirit of the judge.
Shillong: Two prominent bodybuilders, Bah Balaphrang Kharshiing and Kong Jessica Bamon, have been selected to represent the Body Builder and Best Physique Champion to be held in Thailand in November. come.
This is the fourth meeting.
“After reading the CAG report, which exposed the shortcomings of the JNNURM bus operator, the PAC has taken action as this is in the interest of the people,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The union said this because there has always been a proposal from the school and especially that the new building has been completed and is suitable for the development of the school.
Thus, our nation also has its own political history.
The SDRF is still at the scene to carry out its duties.
“The implementation of the ILP is not only the wish of us but the decision of the High Level Committee of Influx brought by Bindo M Lanong who is the advisor to the ILP. UDP in 2012, the UDP is now in government why didn't they take the advice of their advisor.
Nongstoin: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of West Khasi Hills District, this morning at 1.30 pm, conducted a raid at one of the Police have arrested three persons with 10 grams of heroin in Nongstoin area. which they intended to market in this area.
The court today issued a request from two convicts in lower courts after the lawyer of Tenderly Hynniewta was found guilty of murdering his girlfriend in Small Phawa who was convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl.
Before leaving the house, he called his friend to make sure that he would stay overnight that day.
This affects me," she said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Jrop, Working President of the Congress from Shella Block, said that the return of Bah Lest is a joy for him and the party.
He said that there are many ethnic groups in the state and the government wants to develop traditional villages that will showcase the uniqueness of the ethnic groups.
Likewise, the Catholic Church in the village and various government departments.
On the other hand, the BJP has promised to resolve the border dispute through dialogue between the two states which will bring peace to the affected people and also to set up full police outposts in the border areas of the state. and Assam to curb any violence and also to bring peace to the people living on the border.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The State Government has decided to repair more than 1000 schools, which have been destroyed this year.
It also announced that the 19th of this month (the date of the decision) will be the day to be commemorated as 'Black Letter Day' by the indigenous people of the state.
The Passing Out Parade of the First Batch was hoisted by the Chief Guest, followed by the march pass and swearing-in ceremony by Kong R.Suting. and distributions of awards to the 33 graduates as well as individual award recipients.
Initially, in 1907, the Shillong Recreation Ground Trust (SRGT) appointed a General Sports Committee (GSC) to organize various sports events such as running, gymnastics, football, hockey and others.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court praised the District authorities for their efforts to provide the land and urged the relevant authorities to expedite the construction of the site. the construction of this house.
The news we published today, entitled “US Presidential candidate: After beating his wife, now, he starts to apologize”, has attracted a lot of attention. your beloved reader.
Three minutes later, Mynthong scored the second goal through Mo Nuwaz.
The lack of attention to drawing or setting accurate boundaries since the day of independence, the backwardness of the border villages and the injustice of Assam since the past.
Besides, he said that they should strengthen themselves not to succumb to the financial authorities who may come to deceive them in the days before the polling.
“The purpose of the inspection is to know the progress of the works and the problems,” he told reporters.
He said that many states in India have opposed the CAB, we together with other eight states of North East including Sikkim should stand together against the CAB. the Modi government.
And they cried until the evening sacrifice, but there was no answer.1 Kings 18:26-2
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF) has demanded that Block-1 should be returned to Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 21: In order to bring peace and order to the Hindu community in the state, the authorities have prepared to install CCTV cameras in many places especially in the city.
However, it is sad to say that we are not yet qualified to be the rulers of the Khadar, it is like giving a child a bat.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Bah Sniawbhalang, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar said that if the government does not have a policy, it should provide assistance to the students. those who have passed well in education and those who have low income from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund or any other scheme of the State Government.
According to Dr. Lari Marbaniang, he was brought to Woodland at 6:15pm but after the doctors tried to examine him, they found that there was no sign of life and the body was pronounced dead. I didn't go to the hospital.
When you say that a Khasi should be a Khasi, not a Negro, a Frenchman, a Dkhar or a Chinese, you can say that you are a Khasi who has a mother while those who gave birth to those children are Negroes, Frenchmen and Chinese. Dkhar and China.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, expressed his gratitude to the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association for holding this tournament. This was also the last round or final in which four teams came out to showcase their skills and abilities.
The admit card issued by the NTA showed that their examination center is at NEHU Cluster Building, but NEHU has set up two examination centers at Non. -Science and Science Cluster Classrooms, without timely notification to the candidates in which Hall they will have to sit according to the Roll Number.
“Then now I'm sorry for the family...” said the mother again. After a little conversation, they both went to sleep without lighting the fire.
Any estimate of employment should reflect this population.
Even 30-40% of the work has not been completed,” said Marak.
“Our decision to leave the UDA to join the UDF was due to a misunderstanding at that time,” said Teiborlang.
“I would like to thank God for opening the way for me at an unexpected time.
This is part of the implementation of the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) in the state and the government has set a target to implement it within 45 days, he said.
This severely affects their mental and physical health and they can develop headaches.
Because when you take the relationship between your brother and sister, you are from the same father and mother.
Phaiyolin has completed her B.Com and Master's Degree in Tourism.
The discussion began with the first opportunity for Pastor Basaiawmoit to speak on the central topic.
“This zoo needs to be well managed and the government will take steps to ensure this and playgrounds for children will also be built in this zoo. 300 acres so we will make good use of it”.
Malik also acknowledged that Kashmir is the most corrupt state in the country.
His differences were made clear by the German commission.
At least 63 people have been injured and admitted to the Civil Hospital after being lymbub and lathi bomb by police near Raj Bhavan, during a visit by CoMSO members to the Civil Hospital. residence of the Governor.
The Commissioner and Secretary Education on the 12th of this month said that he will write to all the central government departments to exempt Meghalaya from the requirement of Aadhaar number especially in terms of scholarships. students.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Nongspung Hima has alleged that Assam has violated the order of the High Court. electricity and water supply to the villages under the Hima Nongspung.
The number of beds, medical equipment, nurses, doctors and medicines remains the same or is decreasing.
However, we have listened and there are no more to write in the newspapers and to surprise this sleeping nation.
Therefore, the union immediately went to the scene to provide assistance to the refugees by donating tin sop peng and donations.
The NGT has also sent the State Government to punish all the incidents that occurred during the mining of coal.
In this regard, the Seng urges the paradoh parasnam to cooperate by respecting the time in all the protest programs of the Sengbhalang to avoid being taken advantage of by anyone.
In the U-7 category, Titan Otters beat Lajong 7-0 while in the U-9 category, they drew 1-1
They also sent a strong message that they will impose a fine of T.5,000 on anyone who throws garbage in the area.
“Now the Santosh Trophy has become more difficult.
“Even for the ongoing Externally Aided Projects, it is necessary to appoint a Consultant for various works to ensure the smooth running of the work in the departments,” he added.
At this meeting, the NDPPLP leaders expressed their special thanks to the people of the state who have once again trusted and supported the NDPP and also under the leadership of Prime Minister – Neiphiu Rio in the last election.
What is more shocking is that Hamas militants kidnapped a woman, stripped her naked and carried her in a pickup truck.
It is understood that the NSCN (IM) has demanded its own constitution and separate flag, which Delhi has not yet accepted.
In the functions of the government, the religious leaders shall fall under these Ministers but in the religious functions, these world leaders shall fall under these religious leaders.
Since previous years, the Maitshaphrang group has been working on the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral and Self Acquired Property in the Jaitbynriew. which confers authority and responsibility on the sons and daughters of the family so that they can look after and care for their children and their parents especially in their old age.
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Laitumkhrah won the second place and H. Elias Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai won the third place.
“This request was sent through our Ksiang, Bah Sadon Blah.
He requested all the Nongsynshar from the Dorbar Shnong, Raid, Hima, including the Leaders of the Dorbar KUR to attend the Dorbar and bring along with them the seals so that they can sign the decisions to be taken and sent. to the State Government, and the Government of India.
The month of July is about to end and the month of June is coming.
My father asked me to promote him to class-VIII. I was allowed to sit in class-VIII. When they failed in class-VIII, my father asked me to pass my children. He wanted them to go to class-IX in another school (because the school I taught only ended in class-VIII).
Speaking to reporters, Conrad.
In this age, many doors are open for us to achieve our dreams.
“As a public leader, it is my duty to take responsibility to join hands with the school authorities to implement this project,” said Bah Titos.
The police on duty in the area are still investigating the people where they are going and they have demanded proof before allowing the vehicles to leave. For the second time, 55 foreign workers have escaped from Khliehriat and reached Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
The Assam Police did not listen to the complaint but ordered the complainants to return home and two other residents including Kordon Sungoh and Binelson Raksaw were arrested. Assam Police and shot dead until he was injured.
The guest of honor was Bah Nujorki Sungoh, MLA Mookaiaw in the presence of Amlarem SDO Jacquelin Kharpuri, MCS and The Waheh Shnong of Bakur who is also the organizer of the competition, Bah Daniel Khongsit.
Speaking on the occasion, Rgh Puramon Kynjing Dolloi Jowai Elaka, said that the Seng Khasi should not be discouraged but should continue its work.
“Before the state celebrates its 50th anniversary, we want the state government to resolve the entire boundary of the state,” said Thombor.
At the same time, the Minister urged the residents to cooperate for the future of the state in terms of water security.
Members of the Managing Committee (MC), parents of the students, Rangbah Shnong and office bearers of the Durbar, members of the HYC Mawlai circle as well as supporters of the party were present on the occasion.
According to the statement, it is the duty of the media to write and provide information to the public without any interference or permission.
Furthermore, we would like to congratulate Bah John F Kharshiing who has fought physically and spiritually to revive this dulir and we are confident that the struggle of this great man will be successful, not just over. in the meantime or to misrepresent the true history of the Khasi people.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The Human Immunodeficiency Virus is a very dangerous virus that cannot be seen with the naked eye but can only be seen under microscopes. The virus can cause acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), for which pharmacists around the world have not yet found a cure. said Dr. I. Shadap, who works in one of the departments that looks after and treats those infected with the disease, through the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
We remember that before Jesus was born, the angels gave him the name Jesus.
Prof Tim Hubbard, also of King's, said there may be a benefit behind these climate changes that researchers have discovered.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap on Thursday protested against the approval of the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District to cut down the trees from Pynthor Hill. claimed that paid Karbi.
“One thing we don't agree with is that in fact there should be a cooperation, including the Autonomous District Councils which are the owners of the land.
There is no such thing as a holy place! This is the story of the marketing narrative.
)Returning to his statement on the Seng Khasi; In many newspapers, including the Assam Tribune, it was reported that MP Tarun Vijay, has said, “Is the government waiting for the Seng Khasis to turn violent and take up other routes?” Khasi Christians and even in the Khasi traditional religions, these words feel like a warning to destroy the nation.
Jerusalem: Actress and model Harnaaz Sandhu has been crowned Miss Universe 2021 from 80 countries.
Defense Minister Amit Shah said the Assam Rifles is the defender of the North East and the country's oldest army full of victories and courage.
He said that the people shouted 'Ha ka bom, Ha ka bom' because they are very angry with the NPP candidate Dasakhiat Lamare (son of Ngaitlang Dhar). that they did not receive food and also the gift that he had promised to give them in the New Year.
For many years its symbol, the Lion, was very popular in Khasi-Jaintia, but gradually it became popular only in West Khasi Hills and after the popularity even in West Khasi Hills it disappeared.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Aadhaar card has been transferred to the DC office.
They complained that there was a traffic jam and they found stones hidden and tires in the middle of the road. They also complained that there was a stone throwing on the road in Mawlai Iewrynghep, Shillong.
On the same day, prizes were awarded to the winners of 5000 tyngka for the first place, 3000 tyngka for the second place and 2000 tyngka for the third place. up to 145 people.
Those present on the occasion included S.Langstieh Engineer, Urban Affairs Department, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary NTC, Vicky Syngkli Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong and others.
Jowai: Various political parties in Jaintia Hills, especially those from East Jaintia Hills, have expressed their strong opposition to the government's decision to allow the coal mining factories to import coal from Assam for the smooth running of the factories. in East Jaintia Hills.
NGH played well in the second innings but lost all wickets for 108 runs.
They are still trying to force the government in Delhi, which doesn't have a single Khasi, to recognize the Khasi language! written in 'English'
Speaking in front of Nongstoiñ Market on Friday, Good Hope said, “As a citizen, I am coming out to support the Congress party, because we have been discriminated against and discriminated against. “In 2018 we supported the NPP and the reason is because we have all been deceived by its issues.
Then the army came to the house.
Mrinmoy Debbarma, a teacher at the Tripura Painting Salon, has painted the hero Birsa Munda from Jharkhand with his own ideas to showcase his traditional talent.
The incident happened at 10 pm this morning when the vehicle was parked on the side of the road while the driver was leaving the road. There were no people in the vehicle and after a while the tree was cleared to avoid the traffic jam.
Budnah, Mr. W. Waniang and Mr. S. Filming.
Shillong, November 17 : Three-time Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma and former Williamnagar MLA Deborah Marak have been elected as the two most prominent candidates for the Congress ticket. election MP Lok Sabha from Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
But he expects them to say something on the issue.
As soon as I get a job, I will stay with my brothers and sisters to support them.
Shillong: Prestone Tynsong has failed to become prime minister last year due to BJP leader Himanta Biswa and Dr Donkupar Roy, leaders of the party. The UDP is against, said Ma Vincent Pala, while speaking at a public election campaign in Pynursla on Saturday.
Before he sat down, he told the children that they should have a spirit of fighting for themselves, and should take responsibility for their studies, because if they have enough knowledge they will not worry when they turn to the right. or sha you want.
The Adviser of the union, Bah Ukit Uriah, strongly criticized the government for all this because of the government's neglect and neglect of the villagers. but in many areas from schools, water supply, health and other development projects.
“We need the Land Law, not the Land Bill,” said the CEM. At the same time, he slammed the village headmen who used to sell the land of the people.
Nongsohma Village has been declared as a Containment Zone on 23rd June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk Contacts. in this village.
“You’re going to have to talk to those people who haven’t taken their second vaccine in the middle of the schedule.
Lastly we shall find that there is absolutely no difference in this respect, but the only difference is in the change of color in the skins of the rulers.
In July this year, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs of the Union Government awarded the 2023 Swachh Survekshan Awards in New Delhi, and announced that Shillong has ranked 436th. among 446 cities in sanitation.
The match which started at 2 pm, in the first half was quiet as no one scored even after both teams struggled to score.
After that he got ready to go to Riia's house.
Shillong, March 02: The Minister in charge of PHE and Chairman of the Regional Committee appointed by the Government for the demarcation of the boundary for the West Khasi Hills District, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that He said that he will soon convene a meeting before visiting the border areas in Langpih for the border settlement.
Suddenly, stand up, or fall down.
“The MDA Government has tried its best to implement the Basin Development Program and has not even been able to implement the programs where there are many shortcomings as shown in the media.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The MDA will soon hold a meeting to discuss the Reservation Policy and Roster System, Minister of State for Home Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said.
He admitted that the UDA has 16 members and no one has moved so far.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 11: A fire broke out on the evening of 10th June, 2023 in three shops at Rangblang-Pombriew Market, Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, Bah Mebadonnam Saiborne said that as players, they should be players with a spirit of dedication and fight with a spirit of joy and use the talents they have to improve. from time to time and not only within their villages but also to lead to other places because sports these days is no longer just a game of entertainment but it has also become a way of life. kill.
On Friday evening, the residence of Union Minister RK Ranjan Singh was set on fire in Imphal, Manipur.
Kong Nisha gave a clear and detailed explanation on how to cultivate rice to avoid diseases, pests and how to better from seed to plant and propagate well in the field with the needs of rice. water and fertilizer used.
The medical teams also explained the schemes of the government for the people and to know the opportunities that the government provides for the sick.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The BJP in Meghalaya is ready to contest the MDC elections to be announced soon in Garo Hills. ANVC(B).
Nongpoh, Lber 10 : With the aim of marketing and promoting Ryndia clothes produced from Ri Bhoi District especially from Plasha, Umden, Diwon, Umkon and Mawlong, and other villages, Bah IA Diengdoh who is the President of the Retired Officer of the Textile Department, today opened a shop selling Ryndia clothes, handicrafts, and clothes made of Ryndia clothes in various ways. on the side of the National Highway in Mawdiangum.
The purpose of this protest is to force the government to take action or punish the officers, ministers, MLAs and all those involved in the teacher recruitment scandal. The BJYM demands that the Prime Minister should immediately dismiss those MLAs and Ministers involved in this violation of the law.
“I also urge the people to prepare to oppose this day and we will thank the Government for the Total Boycott,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The Jews, and the world, are eagerly awaiting the time when the Israelites will be commanded to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem. “It is at hand” Revelation 1:3
The Cherry Blossom Festival will be held from 14-19 November, where world-famous musicians including Ronan Keating, Jonas Blue, Hybrid Theory, Kenny Musik, Pink Panda and others will come to entertain the city. Shillong, along with musicians and singers from the state such as Bah Lou Majaw, Snow White, Summersalt, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Banrap Lyngdoh and others.
Jha said there were 11 witnesses on the day of Ahmed's trial including the officers who investigated him, doctors who treated him and police officers.
Heavy fighting broke out in Thingsai, a village near Mizoram in Hnahthial District, where the fighting broke out between government supporters. removed with the military, which has been happening since Wednesday.
It is worth mentioning that the Central Government has issued an order banning the use of single-use plastic (SUP), since its implementation which started on 1st November 2022 and if found violating They shall be subject to punishment under Section 15 of the Environment Protection Act and shall not be fined or imprisoned.
According to information received by Rupang from sources, on the 19th of June this year, Pa'iem Ricky sent a letter to Bah Mohendro Rapsang, former Minister of Mylliem Hima. He said that he should stop the building which is like an office or bank and he should stop immediately after receiving the letter.
If the Corona virus comes, it will come through Assam or Bangladesh and these are the places where government hospitals should work well and should also have qualified doctors. and adequate medicines to these border areas of the State.
Mairang: Two employees of PHC, Nongthliew have tested positive for COVID-19 and therefore, the public who visited the PHC on the 10th of June has been confirmed positive. , 2021 and thereafter to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
It's hard to think like me who is like this..." Ka Kongthei replied. While they were talking like this, a spirit of knowledge worked inside Lanosha to think how much it would affect her friend if she knew clearly about her relationship. she and Bah Malki whom the Kongthei had been waiting for.
Ma Rabon is the MDC candidate of the HSPDP from Barato Mukroh Constituency.
“The PA Sangma Foundation in collaboration with Tura Government College, Tura will conduct a brainstorming competition on the subjects of Science, Mathematics and Entrepreneurship to improve the education of the youth of Garo Hills,” he said.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 3,405 and the death toll has risen to 1,2
In this regard, the office of the Director of Health Services has postponed the interview scheduled to be held from 01 to 03 June 2024 in Shillong and 01 to 02 June Tura has been suspended until further notice.
KP Pangniang, President of the party, said that the meeting will be held only for the polling stations in the Tynghor area.
Surprisingly, although this vertical composting has been done here, it has not produced any smell.
Two more cases have been confirmed in Lower Nongrim Hills, one of whom went to the DC Office, Shillong and one taxi driver.
Speaking at the 3rd State Youth Conference of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF), Prestone said, “Recently, one person said that if we send the VPP to Parliament, this MP will leave home immediately. Dorbar shall not be held for five years.
Five years later, since 2018, many children have grown up and reached the age of 18 to be eligible to elect their own leaders or to participate in this important sector. of a democratic state and to be responsible citizens without wasting their votes.
In addition, 12 other militants were killed in a surprise attack by US troops at midnight on Tuesday.
He said that in Form 6B, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has allowed those who have Aadhaar or those who do not have Aadhaar to link to EPIC through types of documents that cannot be verified such as Job Card, Passbook, Health Insurance Smart Card, Ration Card, Pan Card, Driving License, Pass Port, Service Identity, Smart Card, the Official Card of MLAs/MDCs and the UDID.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM, Ri Bhoi, said that the MDA government has not been able to remove the Khar Mator in Iewmawlong. He also threatened that if the government does not expel them from Iewmawlong, they will go and expel them from Iewmawlong.
It is learned that the suspect, has confessed, that he has embezzled the money, which started in 2013 and it is said that the money, came from the thanks and gifts of various donors. When it was handed over to the chowkidar to deposit it in the bank, he misused it for himself by working on contract, buying a car and other personal needs.
“After finding out that the mynder do not have proper documents, the union has driven them away and sent them back to their place of origin and has warned them not to come and work in Mawlai. and in Ri-Khasi as a whole,” said the Assistant General Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Macdonald Jitem.
Dr. Ampareen said that Tuberculosis is a very dangerous disease as it has claimed many lives but it is a disease that can be prevented and cured. You can take medicines as prescribed by your doctor.
During the investigation, the suspects confessed that the drugs were handed over by a man named Bryan Nongmor, resident of Laitkor Rngi, Sohiong, East Khasi Hills.
Everyone in Hollywood knows about Ben and Matt's love for each other and how close they are to each other.
The war in Sudan has displaced many residents and some have been forced to flee to neighboring countries.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah George said that at present the government has not clarified the position it has taken as it seems that it is trying to slow down.
Other political parties are VPP-4, PDF-2 and HSPDP-2
In another incident, on the 14th of July at 4:30 pm, a truck (ML-09-9614) driven by Santosh Urang (24 years old) overturned at Tharia. –Magic, (EKH).
On the state assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh, Tikait said, “We are not talking about elections, we are talking about the repeal of these anti-farmer laws.
Going forward we want to resolve all these frauds".
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Umiam Village Festival, Pyniaid said that the youth and women's organizations have the responsibility to join hands with the village to fight against crime.
These Districts in the last few years have witnessed that the livelihood of thousands of people has been affected due to the ban on coal mining in the State.
In the beginning was the word and the word was with God.John 1:1
They do not hesitate to spend their time and energy for others.
Shillong: Political parties, political parties or parents, do not send their members or their children to commit any illegal or anti-social activities.
How many of those who are of Khasi descent are prevented from getting the NOC as Khasi.
Shillong: Although the election of the new president of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will be held on 22nd June 2020, Lambok Starwell Marngar will be the president of the KSU.
At the funeral of Bah Sken, the song “Ka shnong ba nga ieid” was played, but had to end only 10 verses, because the crowd, who were around, cried bitterly.
Independence means that we also have the right to accept and reject according to the Constitution of the country.
Like a hen gathering her chicks under her wings.
The union admitted that it has found that the Rangbah Shnongs of Baridua, Byrnihat and Khanapara have sold their land to the Marwaris.
According to the rules, the release of funds comes after receipt of the Utilization Certificate of the funds released in the previous section and after receipt of a report from the State Government on the work done by However, due to the urgency, these requirements have been suspended for some time when the funds have been released.
If CAA comes, think for yourself, because Modi's canvass for Hindi, Sikh, Jain, Parsee, Buddhist and Christians is to be announced only in Kerala and Meghalaya.
He said he would have to discuss the matter at the EC meeting of KHADC before leaving for Delhi.
“Therefore, it is wrong to say that the relationship between the central government and the state or federal governments has been threatened.
Former CEM of KHADC and MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and other dignitaries were also present.
Two of the members, including a woman, are still in hospital.
Those who do not receive the permits from the Hima and this Act stipulates the price to be received according to the size of the land.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said, “I have called a meeting to find ways and means to build roads from Shillong and New Shillong Township and connect them with the roads. Sir".
This came after the Tournament Committee of the federation met on the 2nd of this month.
Because prayer depends on man's relationship with God.
He said that they should have the ability to create opportunities and be in their own jobs, not to be robbers in their own country but to be masters of their own country.
It's time for the world's politicians to start scrambling to get something in five years.
Shillong: People across the state today joined hands with the Government of India to impose a Janata Curfew as part of the prevention of COVID-1
There are three types of MP/MLA/MDC in a democracy.
“In fact, the more you do violence, the more poverty will increase.
On the recommendation of the DSC, the UIDAI has decided to take the following information from the persons, name, date of birth, gender and address and other information such as father's name, email id and phone number depends on the will of the people.
"We are very proud because we finally have in Delhi a government that understands the needs of our state and is working hard with the aim of addressing these issues," said the spokesperson.
The people who worked with them used these numbers to tell them where to come to collect the drugs smuggled from Pakistan through drones, after which they will be delivered to the merchants of the Punjab.
It is also alleged that some government officials have bought a five-star hotel in Khanapara.
BENGALURU: Some people from Gujarat, Maharashtra and Udupi have claimed that their bodies have turned into magnets after being injected with the corona vaccine. However, another case from Bellandur in Bengaluru has been reported to have been magnetized after being injected with the vaccine.
The State is dependent on the Central Government and this has led to the misunderstanding that the State should be governed by the same political party or political parties having ties to the Central Government. which is wrong and should be opposed on the basis of the creation of India by the various States and ethnic groups who have agreed to unite one country under the Constitution.
In his speech, the television speaker urged the people not to be afraid of the Taliban.
Lakhon Bareh in the 16th minute and Kdup Dkar in the 66th minute scored the second goal for Umshangiar.
The total number of recoveries today is 37 including 21 cases from West Garo Hills District, 11 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases from East Khasi Hills District and 2 cases from South West Garo Hills District.
This has disrupted the interview call held at the office of the Superintendent of Public Health Engineer (PHE) in Nongpoh.
The UDP, which is a close ally, will continue and we will walk together,” said Prestone.
Minoli Borman, resident of Lumshyiap, Nongmynsong, was not injured in the incident.
The sugar mills are now using bagasse, which is the residue left over from the milling of the rice, to generate electricity to meet their needs and also to supply more electricity to the grid.
He said that after they managed to reach the place amidst the road blockade where there was also a bomb blast, he and the teachers decided that if the government and the Prime Minister u They were so angry that they tried to kill him.
“As the party has stood on the basis of fighting and protecting for the preservation of our own nation, these restrictions are the path of the leaders, that we have to face.
Speaking to media, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizer of FKJGP and Bah Marcus Marten, strongly condemned the incident and especially those involved in the crime. They alleged that all this incident has happened only because of the lack of attention by the state government to resolve the border issue.
The program was sponsored by the PA Sangma Foundation.
Explaining about the lack of reservation policy, he said that this reservation policy, the delay due to the allocation for those with disabilities and those people from other backward classes, have not received the reservation policy. reserve.
He asked whether the State Government has discussed with the Central Government to upgrade NEIGRIHMS as an AIIMS as there are many problems in getting treatment at AIIMS in Guwahati, Assam.
And if you have too much U Soh Saw, you should throw it in the dustbin, you shouldn't have too much or too little.
One of the owners of factories in Jaintia Hills is a former minister and current MLA from South West Khasi Hills.
What is their purpose to show respect for Meghalaya and other states in the North East which have their own customary laws?”.
Referee: Clement Turpin (France).
Jowai, Lber 20: U CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat today in a short meeting at his office, handed over the Sanad to the two newly elected Dolloi in the last Dolloi election.
In the final match, Bamkhosngi United SC beat Moolasngi SC 1-0 with 10 goals scored by Jesta Ngirsim (51).
The Forum has immediately gathered the Chief Executive Members and Rangbah Shnongs of the area to announce this good news.
HANM, SWKHD today held a banner rally around Mawkyrwat and invited the people of Bri u 7trep especially the people of South West Khasi Hills District to give their support. HANM Secretary W.Lyngdoh said that the HANM has been working hard to ensure that the demands of the HANM will be successful.
The song and songs are stored on tape.
In Turkey, 23 people have died in Malatya province, bringing the total to
But you're not arsap.
This is told in the Psalms of David which says – “The Lord buildeth Jerusalem, he gathereth the outcasts of Israel” Psalm
“I'll dance until I'm done,” said Santa and laughed. “That's enough,” said Rep.
Of these, 18 percent are Assistant Sub-Inspectors and Inspectors and 2 percent are Deputy Superintendents of Police.
He recited the special words of the National Games Anthem 'Judega India – Jeetega India' which was followed by all those present at the stadium.
Job 26:7 “He stretcheth out the east upon the empty place, and layeth the earth upon nothing” 3000 years ago Job's wife said he was a fool but it has now been proven that the world has been scratched.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Païem KM Syiemlieh, Ministers and Samla Shemphang Marbaniang, Vice President of KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit. Samla Donkupar Marbaniang President Mairang Circle, Samla Ïohdap L Mawlong General Secretary and members from various offices of the circle.
Recently, it has been reported that one of the NGOs in collaboration with the CFTK, the Voluntary Health Association of India (VHAI), has been found to have misused the FCRA & the License to was suspended in October this year by the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
The election of the new MLA of Shella will be held on the 21st of this month and the announcement will be made on the 24th.
MeECL has also cut off the electricity supply to about 50 households.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Warjri said, “At this Public Hearing, we have been able to explain the purpose of the company.
It is the UDP party that has rejected these teachers.
“We must fill this vacancy by following the teachings of Dr Kalam,” said the Chief Secretary.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Congress, led by Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh and Angela Rngad, today announced that they will nominate Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew as the candidate for the Meghalaya Congress. The 16th East Shillong Constituency will be elected in
The Seng invites all the members of the Seng to attend the Seng Kyrsiew.
A large team of Burtolla police raided Bagchi's residence in Barrackpore in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal at 3.30 pm and arrested him. state.
At this public meeting, he strongly criticized the state government by saying that instead of looking after the coal industry according to the decision of the Supreme Court, the government has “I don't have time to look after the people,” said Bah Erwin.
The chickens also came out burr.
The incident occurred when the driver of the tourist taxi (Swift), Freddy Rynjah, was driving too fast and lost control of the steering and brakes.
Please contact Kampher Pohlong, Publicity Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that he is deeply concerned about the shortage of water in the Umiam River, as this year the water is too low compared to other years.
Freedom is very difficult and leads us to our own freedom.
“We don't say that they should respect us but when they come to our office, there is no respect for us because the workload in MeECL has decreased and this has affected us,” he said. Therefore, it is time to take over the implementation process together with the management or the government”.
This was announced by the MLA of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh while speaking at a meeting held at the office of BDO Mawkynrew C&RD Block on 20th November, There are about 1800 households in this Block under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (PMAY).
The Minister as the chief guest said that the opening of this Multi-Facility Utility Center will be a training center for the residents as from this center they can stand on their own feet and I encourage you especially to the young people who are looking for jobs.
Speaking to reporters, party leaders including MLAs Hamletson Dohling, Gavin Mylliem, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Jason Mawlong and Macdalyne Mawlong were also present.
“Religion doesn't matter to the nation, the nation comes before the religion,” said SS Niangti, one of the leaders of the KSU in Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the party requests the government to stop the search for the party leaders, but to implement the party's demands, he added.
The MDA government officials may have cleaned up the speech of Bah Sanbor Shullai, but the symbols of the song say “the leaves of the tree will not move without the wind”. The fight against the corona virus will be a long one.
This place is just beginning to be exposed to the world and there is no construction work especially roads to reach closer to this place.
We have to organize one voice.
Imran has left for Sylhet to meet BNP Mayor Ariful Haque Chowdhury, which has caused serious concern among Bangladeshi government officials.
Shillong, Lber, 5: When the sun has set, people leave to go to the evening market at Nan Polok.
The release of any Exit Poll by any media outlet or on any social media platform is also prohibited.
Two persons in the Bolero sustained serious injuries and were rushed to Woodland WK Hospital.
He alleged that the NPP-led MDA government is also a corrupt government in all aspects and those that have come to light are the Dome of the Assembly, the purchase of vehicles in the police department, the smart meters. , Saubhagya scheme and the amount of funds is in the hundreds of crores of rupees.
On this occasion, the students of Tpep-pale Secondary School Jowai performed a short drama on the dangers of drugs.
For the construction of this Court Complex on an area of ​​11.162 acres, at a cost of Rs.35,89,82,000/- (Thirty-five crore Fifty-nine lakh Fifty-two thousand) tyngka. The building has a ground floor and three upper floors. The total floor area is 93,631 sq. km.
Shillong: KSU Mawkasiang Unit today, 3rd July 2022, has arrested one person from Duh Sonia to Rahul. A foreigner, who came to break the garbage, in the forest near Mawdiangdiang Road opposite the New Assembly Building at 8 pm.
Before the start of the discussion, the Chief Minister allowed the Rangbah Shnongs to express their views on one issue after another. He said that before entering the Secretariat, the Rangbah Shnongs and the people had been threatened by the government and after that he said that they wanted the meeting to be closed. somehow it should be concluded in about an hour.
Essential Qualification:- Class IX passed from a recognized School/ Institution with 3 (three) Years experience.
“The strictness of the law can also encourage the authorities because the law in India is strict for the authorities where they are not afraid of anything while in other countries of the world The law has punished the perpetrators by killing them, but it is sad to say that in their own state, the perpetrators have been punished by killing them only after a few days of arrest. “Parents should think about their children and should give them advice and also know what they are doing,” said Samla Armstrong. inside their mobile phones to help avoid many kinds of evil.
Daryl is the grandson of the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, late Capt.
“Where the employees have to work long hours and their salary is the highest compared to other states, this company does not take action to improve these ambulances. I'm lost like a car,” he said.
Renowned international speakers will offer their views on how countries can leverage their technology activities to boost access to financial services and benefit from this.
New Delhi: U Ravi Shankar Prasad, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today showed the facts that there is no decline in income in India, as discussed and gave an example. of which the three films, which released on 2nd March 2019, have grossed Rs 120 crore per day.
Kunal Pariyani, one of the clothing designers, has produced new masks with the images of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on them.
He also urged the Commission of the Government not to sit idly by and watch all the incidents related to the violation of human rights, but to take immediate steps to implement the investigation so that there will be a fair trial of those acts of violence committed by police forces and Government officials.
Musniang Rangad MDC Phasmon Dkhar has distributed foodgrains to 270 households in Pamrapaithlu village.
These days we see that it is true and many people look at and hold on to the mistakes or shortcomings of others and this causes many to lose the better benefits and sorrows. and despise one another.
Nongstoiñ, July 22: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) on Tuesday night suspended the screening of the students who will play in the Subroto Cup.
Therefore, I don't want to argue, I don't want to waste time with such things.
On the one hand, it will encourage the Khasi filmmakers to continue to produce films and at the same time, if it continues like this, it will affect the industry. Therefore, the relevant authorities need to take action in this regard.
Alvin Sawkmie MDC Mawsynram said that he received this information today regarding the collapse of this road. what can be done so that the people do not face problems.
Shillong, November 9: Many issues have arisen in the Village Authority, Raid and Hima, the Citizenship Act, the Land Registration Act, the Act on the Ownership of Mineral Resources, the Forests, the the illegal definition of the Municipality of Shillong under the 6th Schedule, the inclusion of Khasi in the list of Schedule Tribes and other problems are due to the lack of clarity and non-functioning of the IOA* The AA is the foundation of the unity of the Khasi with India, said John F Kharshiing, Grand Council of Chiefs.
He also taught and preached about the second coming and this confused the believers, how will that second coming be? There was also confusion because some of them had passed away and what would happen to them on that day? Will they be rejected and not be able to meet the Lord? After that Paul wrote a letter to explain and give them hope and said, “...that we who are alive and remain shall not precede those who have fallen asleep...” Furthermore, Paul improves the his teaching on this subject in other epistles.
Sambormi Lyngdoh President of the EJNC has strongly criticized the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, who has claimed to be a warrior and not afraid of anyone. to arrest the Assam police immediately”.
“I don't try to keep my promise as much as I can.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Justice Dinesh Maheshwari today took oath as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court at a function at Raj Bhavan.
“Bad meters, increased electricity bill” The Hynniewtrep Students Union-Thadlaskein Circle, in a statement sent by the Organising, has found that MeECL has been involved in the negligence of MeECL on electricity bills in Thadlaskein area. Secretary of the union, Bah FM Shadap, expressed his dissatisfaction with these actions of MeECL, by taking advantage of the villagers.
He said that the problem is only for the Highrisk Contacts, because sometimes, when they are identified and sent for testing and quarantine alone at home, because now the best thing is to quarantine them. that ha has that ing that sem.
The group of commercial vehicle drivers have demanded from time to time and have sent letters to the Deputy Commissioner to pay the money they have spent on duty with the government.
It is necessary to ensure that these measures are gender-based and age-based, for example, through the monitoring of health services that focus on women.
Thus, Israel will be saved in the end.
“This is not surprising,” said one of the members of the High Power Committee, when journalists showed a video of the collapse of the païa.
From the Mawlai constituency, the rank and position of Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang has fallen into the hearts and minds of the people to make him not only to overthrow the leaders who are still in power in their positions. The State Legislative Assembly and the District Council, but also to win more than 34 percent of the votes.
He has been the Secretary of the party for 10 years and has resigned for personal reasons, he said in a statement.
“This will be a celebration to commemorate the migration of people from the old village to the new village due to the destruction of the earthquake in 1897,” said the Sirdar. today.
MJAC Secretary General Enrico D. Pasi in Shillong said that there are about 800 trucks carrying coal and 130 trucks carrying coal entering the country. Factories every day carrying minerals to the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills and trucks carrying more than three times the limit.
In this regard, the report said that the struggle for the development of the sport has now reached a stage where it can be resumed once again after the entire federation. The Indian Olympic Association (IOC) has appointed a new leader.
Others who attended the meeting included Bah David Pyngrope, Executive Engineer PWD (Roads), NH Shillong Bye-Pass Division, Bah Allenson Shabong, Sordar , Bah R Majaw, Rangbah Shnong, Bah T Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong, elders and others.
In a statement, Bah Avner, who is also a politician and writer, said, “Bah Chanlok is a citizen like me who wants to raise issues that he feels affect the society. and breaking local regimes in the right direction.
Referring to the licenses issued by the government, the Minister said that these licenses issued are only temporary or provisional licenses which have a validity of only 6 months.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has arrested a drug dealer identified as Wankmen Susngi, 27, of Mawlai Nongpdeng. Heroin was arrested with the assistance of the Mawlai Nongpdeng Village Council.
The Dkhar Jaintia Hills Central Body, has condemned this person and demanded that he should completely withdraw his claim that he belongs to the Dkhar community, from all his documents and if he does not Therefore, the Dkhar Kur Seng will take strong action against others.
We understand that these are still ordinary servants of the government and what they do or say is not very important.
“The GSDP for 2024-2025 is estimated at T.52,973 crore or 6.6 billion US dollars.
On the other hand, Das said that the Congress party demands that the Central Government should impose President's Rule in Manipur to stop the violence that is still happening till today. who now.
Meba Risha Sohphoh is the daughter of Fabiola Sohphoh and wife of Paulus Shadap.
At the same time, the VDP has warned the villagers and neighbors who raise cows, pigs, goats and other animals to take good care of them. “It's not allowed to release animals into the village without proper supervision, because if found, they will be punished according to the law of the village,” said a statement sent by President Thadmuthlong. Firstborn True.
The men's final will be played tomorrow between KL Bajaria College and St. Anthony's College.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. BDR Tiwari, Chief Electoral Officer, said that the release of the draft photo electoral rolls has been shared with the political parties so that they can express their opposition to any inclusion of people. not eligible if they are on the electoral roll for the smooth running of elections, because political parties are an important stakeholder group in this regard.
Afterwards, he spoke to reporters while Blatter was looking for his security guards to take Simon away from the scene.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has directed the members of the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) Shella Bholaganj and Adjoining Areas to come forward and not to stir up trouble before the Government and the Government. world through mass media.
:Thapbalieh is a Khasi song that will be released on July 30,
Syiem is currently undergoing treatment at Woodland Hospital and is awaiting further information.
Conrad Sangma also urged the Prime Minister to allow the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Nangkiew Irat opened the scoring in the 16th minute through Banshanlang Nongdhar, but Ryntih FC managed to score well in the second half through Banehskhem Khongsdam. for 55′ minutes.
Detailed speeches were also delivered by the Chief Guest, the Manager of Deloitte and Bah I Tariang.
According to him, the ball is now in the hands of the HNLC and the Government is waiting for a reply from them before proceeding with the talks.
The dead were aged 20 and included 19 foreigners while 19 others were seriously injured and are undergoing treatment in hospitals.
The paid residents of the state who burn lights in their homes pay their monthly light bill, why do they still have to face punishment from MePDCL which has turned into a spectacle? once a year for the paid residents of the state.
The Congress in Meghalaya is the political party that has experienced many ups and downs in the past five years (from the heat of the sun, the darkness of the sky, the heavy rain and the storm). ).
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has nominated former Education Minister T Basanta Kumar as its candidate for the Manipur constituency which includes districts in the plains including Imphal.
These roads, which were inaugurated at Mawnongrim, are the roads that have started construction, where the road from Pillangkata to Maikhuli, has cost T.5.26 crore, while the road at Umdoh 18mer, has cost T.5.26 crore. which has cost T.3.80 crore.
The JAC of these six villages, said that although the PWD department has taken steps to repair the road, but due to the large number of trucks carrying coal and rnga, the traffic jam by these trucks carrying heavy roads or (Overload), the road is damaged.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, provides training to about 6,000 youth per annum in Computer subjects, in more than three phases.
Isn't this an unfounded allegation because the income belongs to Meghalaya?
As the residents of the Constituency, we all want to have a proper health center in Amlarem as the Headquarters (HQ) so that we can all benefit.
The Cinchona Sport Club (CSC) in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, Ri Bhoi District on 7th June 2013 has decided to hold a public awareness program on the dangers of alcohol abuse. buaid especially drugs.
If we turn back to the post of Speaker that the UDP claims to be its own, this claim is wrong.
The Supreme Court recently rejected the order of the Rajasthan High Court, which ordered that judges should not be searched when traveling by plane at various airports in India.
He said the TMC has just entered the state and it has come in the past but has disappeared because it has not been able to establish a foundation.
We don't know where the problem comes from, although many people's views are on the stinginess of the police, but at this time, it is up to the State Government to take action. VDPs, Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang or Women's Organizations should do their job without discrimination, even if they have to show force with the police or BSF. in each case.
She is studying in the 4th semester of B.Ed at the University of Science Technology & Management.
We don't object to that.
BJP Meghalaya spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang said, “We have gathered not only to express our anger over what has happened, but we intend to tell Dhankar that the country stands from for you.
The fourth scenario in the state is that it has slowly spread from within the ground to destroy and destroy the society if the people do not surprise people soon today.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The President of the Meghalaya Secretariat, Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that he will hold an indefinite strike in front of the Meghalaya Secretariat, Shillong from The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has been urged to reinstate all the contract teachers who have been appointed. suspended since July, 2021.
The hand shaid.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP said that the merger of these people will benefit the party and he said that the UDP will become stronger in the coming days and he prayed that it will lead the government. after the 2023 elections.
I am sure that if we think carefully we can distinguish between posts and vacancies, and I believe it explains what I said about the OM of 2022 that it is different from the OM of The Reservation Policy that we have had since 1972 is the Reservation of Vacancies, and it is only in the OM of 2022 that the policy has been changed to the Reservation of Posts.
The land belongs to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Out of the 8.8 lakh registered employees under the MGNREGS scheme, 6.2 lakh have been linked to Aadhaar, or 69.7% out of
They said that the wind of the NPP is blowing well this time and for that reason they hope that the party will get the full support of the people.
At the meeting, the people also decided to set up the Umroi Constituency People's Front (UCPF) with the office bearers being Adviser Bah SJ Nengnong, President Bah BS Syiem, Vice President Bah H. Hansa, Bah H. Hansa, President Bah R. Mukhim, Secretary, Karbius Lyngdoh, Asst Secretary, Kyrshan Shadap, Publicity Secretary, D. Nongkseh, Chief Organizer, G Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary, O. Masharing, Naphanglin Nengnong, R Kharsati.
Therefore, he urged the farmers from different areas, if there is any insufficiency and irregularity in the price of the products sold by the farmers and also if there is a shortage of kilos. You can also complain to his office because there is a law to punish those who violate.
Shillong: The President of the UDP Pynursla Circle, Shillong, today clarified that Banalari Khongwar is still a member of the UDP. acknowledgment in some media outlets that it is false.
Wilter Kharkongor, Michael Jackson Shillong, Jenis Khongsdier, Icon Meghalaya Superstar, Actress Shipor, Emi Nongbah, Actress Kynjah. Emsalon, Diana Khyriem, Actress Sha Once and many others.
The fighting is believed to have been successful since the 2014 war between Israel and Palestine.
The format is 1) Parent's income 2) Do you have diabetes? This is why you ask for information.
PFR Academy and Rangdajied have scored three points with a victory in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA). at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground on 6th June
The event was opened by Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati and Minister of State for Agriculture, Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Commander Shangpliang, President. HFU, Dr. Breamly W. Lyngdoh, Senior Adviser of HFU, Rangbah Shnong, officers from various departments and many elders of the area.
The group raided the residence of Singh and the residence of a former IAS officer who is also a member of the Manipur Development Society in Aizawl, Imphal and Gurgaon, they said.
Shillong, Lber 22: The BSF Meghalaya has launched a Civic Action Program (CAP) to improve the welfare of the residents living on the border. They also provided free medical treatment on Friday in the border villages of Dangar and Nolikata villages in East and South West Khasi Hills district.
By R Schemroi Laloo.
He said that a few months after the end of the elections and when it was necessary to renew the office bearers of the State Kisan Morcha, Bah Hima was urged many times to send the names for the appointment of the office bearers. to establish a Kisan Morcha Mandal in Mawsynram.
The meeting was attended by MPPC Secretary Erwin K Sutnga, MPYC President Adrian L Chyne, MDC Andrew Shullai, WJHDCC Secretary Rikut Parein and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: As part of the promotion of football in the state, the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) will hold the Amateur Football League from 11th July .
Continuous heavy rains in the past two days have caused landslides in many parts of Arunachal Pradesh, affecting many communication channels. districts, officials said on Friday.
However, as soon as the rain came, the road was damaged.
The registration ceremony was held at Jowai Urban PHC, HWC on the 24th of this month.
“The sooner the houses are built and given to the poor, the better it will be for them,” Reddy said in a statement.
Meanwhile, other ethnic groups from Assam came to invade and destroy the villages.
The truth is that although the Creator has blessed the environment of this country, many of the people who live in it are stupid, lack accurate knowledge and think only of themselves. until they do things that bring harm instead of good or blessing.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM said that the purpose of the opening ceremony is to facilitate and expedite the needs of the people in the office.
On the other hand, the Seng demands that the government should pay the compensation to the relatives of the victims. of the nos.
When talking to the NHIDCL company in Mylliem, the answer they received was that they will work on the road soon, but this is just a lie. Thank you to the village headmen of the area, said Bah Kongwang.
Hearing the PIL, the Division Bench said, “Although the State, referring to the order dated 23rd July, 2023, issued in the PIL No. 1 of questioning the failure to arrest the overloaded trucks mentioned in the recent CAG report”.
Bah Danny M. Khyrïem, Former Vice President of KSU Sengkmie, was also present at the ceremony.
On the same day, Biden and Zelensky will discuss a number of issues related to Ukraine's urgent needs at this time as it fights against Russia in the war. neh now almost don for 2 years.
The General Secretary of the JSGTCA, Bah John Lyngdoh, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident. This is the news of the murder of a friend of ours who used to be a member of this car driver from Jowai to Shillong.
Seven wrestlers in the men's division also qualified for the semifinals – including Sanjeev Maskut (48kg), Khrawbok Marwein (51kg), Banjop Nongkhlaw (54kg), Sunil Limbu (57kg), Ram Lyngdoh (60kg) and u Bhalang Shadap (67kg).
They have requested the government authorities to take action on this issue and to help the farmers who raise dairy cows.
Farmers in many states continue to practice old farming methods that do not bring higher yields.
Jowai, Jymmang 18 : The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) will soon hold the Inter School Badminton Tournament-2022 from 1-6-2022 to 4-6-2022 at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu Social. Welfare Local Dorbar Jowai.
· As soon as he became CEM 2018, he opposed Shongkha khleh, now the Ai ai jaitkpa are worse than Shongkha khleh, until Rymphang he opposes anyone else?· Now he says that Khasi should have more than 15 children , (How many children do you know?), then he will say, 'that they should have only one child'
The central theme of this year's tournament is “In the New to Build the Future”.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 3,9
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 08, EKH: 128, NGH: 04, RBD: 10, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 03, WGH: 26, WJH: 20 and WKH:
On the other hand, JYF President Samla P.Majaw said the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma should respect the promises made by the elders during the meeting with the political parties. Condemning the arrest of KSU President Daniel Khyriem, the Chief Minister has promised not to arrest all the leaders. JYF President P.Majaw, President of JYF, said that the police have allowed the police to arrest the KSU leader and release him immediately without any conditions. The JYF said that the MMPO Act is a ploy of the government to restrict the freedom of the rights activists of the indigenous people in order to silence the voice of the people. “It is necessary for the political parties to call on the government to demand their rights in the democratic country,” said Samla Majaw.
Police raided the call center in Majorda, South Goa and arrested the suspects while they were operating.
The District Tuberculosis Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, said that there are 90 cases of TB in Umling C&RD Block alone. to eradicate all TB cases in the District and the State as a whole.
The end can happen.
Champion Sangma, who is the leader of the GNLA, has been expelled from the police service for illegal activities and fighting against the country.
During the meeting with the NHAI officials, the NTC leaders also explained the urgent need for beautification of Nongpoh and the need for a bridge to protect the city. from accidents.
Kharshiing said that when the accused has confessed to the crime, it is the responsibility of the court to take the necessary action.
The salary of the workers is ?2000 per month for only 40 months (?900 per month from the Central Government and ?1100 per month from the State Government).
The villages which have the examination centers have helped to ensure that there will be no disruption at the examination centres.
Police of Hauz Khaz Police Station have arrested the suspect.
“ “Faulty working and improper installation of the pin insulator has caused the electricity wire to escape from the pin insulator and connect to the post light which has caused the electricity to distribute through the post and hold the We urge the government authorities especially the Minister of Electricity to pay compensation to the family immediately.
Shillong, March 21: The Governor of Meghalaya today announced that the state government has created another The Community and Rural Development Block in Garo Hills is located in Siju C&RD Block.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has approved Bah Sayedullah Nongrum, who is also a former MLA, to contest the mid-term elections from Selsella LA Constituency.
He also expressed his satisfaction that many BJP leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills attended the meeting and expressed their feelings.
Besides, the families themselves are not working properly and it is difficult to get medicines.
A Lamare scored the first goal of the match.
As there are many police battalions deployed around Delhi, vehicles have been provided to deliver books to their residences.
They are the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai from Sohmynting-Khliehtyrshi and former CEMs including Bah Lamdibok Sumer from War East and Bah Hambertus Nongtdu from Rymbai Khliehtyrshi.
He said that there were some machines that broke down at the beginning but these were replaced by others and there was no breakdown in the polling.
After the meeting, the college principals promised the Seng leaders that they will try their best to help enroll the Samla Hynniewtrep students in their colleges.
The market should not be lost but should be gained and the market is not a false market but a holy market.
DREAM will further strengthen the Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy, 2020, to achieve the goal of curbing drug abuse in the State.
He said the tournament will be held in two categories, one for the under-16 for men and women and the other for the under-13 for men.
They also threatened that if the government does not take action against the illegal entry of Bangladeshis, they will have to take the law into their own hands.
Child marriage especially in such times causes problems – from affecting the health of the woman who has to become pregnant and give birth, and affecting the mind because children are not old enough to think like They are old and their bodies are not fit to carry many burdens.
It is clear that this government will continue without the CMP. In this regard, we can say that this government is a lymmih or blind government because it does not set a goal. and to what goal we should work to lead the people of the state.
On the other hand, the JSM (Jaintia Students' Movement) has demanded from the district authorities and the MLA in charge of the Disaster Management Department of the state government to expedite the provision of relief to the family.
Therefore, the Congress party from the District Congress Committee West Khasi Hills and the 34-Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee have met with our lawyers and they have explained to us that “If you don't have the right to hold any election, you still have the right to hold any election,” said Break Lyngkhoi, Vice President of BCC Mawshynrut. Congressional Bloc Committee.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday evening welcomed Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin to the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat in the presence of the President, office bearers of the UDP, Mawkyrwat welcomed Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin at the UDP headquarters, Mawkyrwat. and longkmie.
The Central Workshop of the Police Department at Bishnupur was supervised by an officer with the rank of DIG. the police department as a whole.
However, the surprising thing is that since that year until now, it has not been completed and only one païa built by the contractor has not been completed.
He said that there are religious leaders in the group, such as Most Rev. Dr. P. Lyngdoh, Fr. John Madur, Rev. EH Kharkhongor etc, so why not other leaders were elected. religion, such as the Rama Krishna Mission (RKM) or the Bharat Sevashram Sangh or the Brahmo Samaj or the Viswa Hindu Parishad (VHP) to represent the Hindus of Meghalaya.
On the 9th of this month, at a meeting convened by SK Lato, it was discussed to launch a similar campaign in Jowai as a sign of the 75th Anniversary of The Shillong Times.
The injured were identified as the driver of the Alto, Waian Lyngdoh Marshillong, who also works for the PWD department. Bainstarwel Lyngdoh from Mawthawniaw WKHD. At the time of writing of this news, no confirmation has been received as to which of the two parties is wrong.
She also criticized the state government for not being able to implement the schemes of the central government to improve agriculture in the state.
He said that there were 9 Khasi soldiers who took part in the Bangladesh War.
Every year, whether it is during the rainy season or during the rainy season, we have load shedding, and it is not something that has happened recently.
Similarly, S Khongsni from Pynursla said that the deterioration of the road has caused danger and problems to the passengers and not only to the vehicles.
The inclusion of Hazlewood, a veteran player in 59 Test matches and taking 222 wickets, means that the selection team no longer needs to bring in All-Rounders. Michael Neser and Sean Abbott in the team as supporters.
“This case is not over yet, I don't want to talk too much,” he said.
He said that he will do this not because he wants to see the success but because the victories give him more strength to work.
Before the planting ceremony, Shanborlang Lyngdoh Marshilong, Vice President of the Green Tech Foundation, South West Khasi Hills District Division, gave a short speech. The world is witnessing the importance of the environment by calling and urging the youth to do something for the preservation of the environment. Keep the environment that we as human beings need from time to time.
“The MLA who is also the Adviser of the Seng also expressed the need to conduct such programs in the rural areas as such alcoholic beverages have started to spread.
Shillong, Lber 12: The EM of the Elaka Department and CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that the full election for the Wahadadar in the Shella Confederacy will be held within six months.
On the other hand, BIDS Coordinator Barister Suchen and Field Supervisors including Bashisha Thoo, Shaphrang Masar, Therisia Kyndiat and Lekiroi Papeng said that the students of BIDS They were filled with joy and took part in the celebration of Teachers' Day.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Prof.SS Majaw said that in the jaidbynriew there are customs which the ancestors have established but now the changing times have led to confusion even in the counting of kur. therefore to be wise as a nation on this matter.
In this regard, the union has strongly criticized the JHADC for its failure to curb the illegal immigration of foreigners. Adhar, to witness, concluded the statement of Edi Tang of JSM Jowai Circle.
However, he declined to comment on the Governor's request for clarification on the matter, saying that it is not yet appropriate to comment on the matter as it is still secret until the approval of the Governor.
Sunn said the current situation in Bangladesh is a threat to people who will flee their homes due to climate change in the coming years.
The opposition group also mentioned the incidents of violence in the state including extortion, kidnapping, murder and other incidents of violence, the murder of Ajaju R Marak, The Political Secretary of the ANVC-B, who came a day after he exposed the relationship between Dr. Mukul Sangma and the ANVC-B, said that the killing of the leader of the rebel groups was due to the silence. The relationship between politicians and rebel groups should not be disclosed.
The SDDF will continue to pursue this demand until it is met.
He said about 300 solar lights have been installed in Shillong and 78 in Tura.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Supreme Court today refused to allow the sale of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal in the mines. The name of the extension of the deadline for the sale of coal, however, is the mining and smuggling of this mineral.
Marthos J Sangma and Jimmy D Sangma have resigned as MLAs and are preparing to join the National People's Party (NPP) on 12th July.
In the video, Ramdev said, “No one dares to arrest a saint.
Before the rally, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from West Shillong Constituency, hoisted the party flag at the beginning of the rally. Walk around the streets of the villages under the West Shillong Constituency.
Books can be likened to a light house, which stands by the sea to give light to passing ships.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Thursday at Nang Stabah Ki Sports Stadium, Nangstabah Ki. Dongmihsngi Jowai, Three teams won the match while one match ended in a draw.
There was also a heavy clash between the residents and the police at the police station before the stone throwing and burning of these vehicles.
The Executive Engineer PWD (Building) said that the building has been planned or designed in such a way to prevent a strong earthquake.
Since Chris signed to play Captain America he has had to focus only on this film and has not had the opportunity to watch other films which is a great loss for him.
It was God who saved the children of Israel.
Habakkuk prayed to God.
Before the JHADC passed the Bill, the committee had held public hearings across the Jaintia Hills and in many of the meetings the people opposed the proposal to amend the Bill. “Many of the people who attended the meeting did not accept the bill prepared by the JHADC,” said the President of the Jaintia People's Movement Forum (JPMF) Mabeitlang Pohsngap.
Khliehriat: The FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat on Tuesday said that the FKJGP is deeply saddened by the illegal behavior of Dalmia Cement Ltd. ,the jhep which is a serious threat to the environment and especially to the human being in the ring and respiratory system.
As the centuries passed, those difficult days became more frequent.
The army television, Myawadday, said that four clothing factories were destroyed and a compost factory was destroyed and the army opened fire. About 2,000 people prevented fire trucks from reaching the scene.
After receiving a tip from the police, the Fire and Emergency Service, Byrnihat Station rushed to the scene and recovered the body after half an hour of drowning. The family members have requested to release the body for post mortem.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83210 out of which 81034 have recovered and 1441 have died.
DESPAIR IN LIFE : This happens frequently in every human life.
Sangma said the state has been ranked top along with Gujarat and Karnataka in the National Startup Rankings for
The final between Merinda SC and Shillong Soccer Scout is scheduled to be played on the 10th June, 2024 (Saturday) at the SSA Stadium.
Speaking at the distribution, Sister Kharakor said that Rupang's initiative should be commended as it is a service to fellow believers.
The day is the pork. 69 days+1 day=70 days.
“We are delighted that Alberto has chosen to extend his contract with us for another season.
Looking back at the match, it was a great match despite the disruption on the pitch due to the rain.
This is according to a statement sent by Kong RM Kurbah, IAS, Secretary, Health Department, Government of Meghalaya.
In the past 24 hours, the temperature in Shillong was 21.0 degrees Celsius and 11.4 degrees Celsius, Sohra 27.7 degrees Celsius and 13.4 degrees Celsius and Barapani 26.8 degrees Celsius. duh.
He said the union demands that the government through the Taxation Department should come and inspect these shops and not allow them to open without getting licenses from the government.
Thank God, that we have these leaders, to say, not only we who work inside the church, but the leaders like MLAs, MDCs spend their time, they give their right hand, their hand. right, to support our people".
The Minister acknowledged that the roster system is very complex and therefore, many MLAs have sought clarification.
If you are interested, please call (M) +91 96123 57140 (Chemti Kassar).
As soon as he was arrested, the police tied chains on both hands and dragged him outside.
We will continue to witness that one nation will rise against another nation and that one kingdom will rise against another kingdom.
Shillong, July 09: Three leaders on Tuesday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at a meeting held at the BJP headquarters in Shillong.
In West Khasi Hills, 6 cases, 85 cases in Ribhoi, 15 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 2 cases in North Garo Hills.
So why didn't they reduce the STs/SCs quota to get more OBC quotas, not more than 50%? Because it is clear that the STs/SCs quota has been fixed according to the proportion, but the OBC quota has been fixed not to exceed 50%.
Even the neighboring villages around Nongbareh Lyntiar village came to witness this traditional dance.
Those with proper documents were asked what they were doing, where they were staying and how many days they were staying.
Shillong, July 28: The CEM of GHADC, Desang Sangma, has said that due to the delay in the government's decision to withhold the name of Conrad K Sangma, who has been sent by the GHADC to become an MDC. He sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya to accept Conrad according to the rule of the GHADC which has empowered the Governor.
“We have good hopes from Mairang, Laban-Mawprem, War East and even Nongkrem because the people have begun to understand the BJP's position to join and support our candidates,” he said.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Transporters Association (APA) and the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) held a meeting in Jowai today.
At this meeting, NEOA submitted a petition to assist Meghalaya for the National Games and he agreed to consider these suggestions from NEOA. welcomed the unity of the Olympic Associations from the North East to promote sports and agreed to talk to Minister DONER to include the issue of sports development in the agenda of the North Eastern Council (NEC), which was removed a few months ago putting sports teams in a tough spot.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone, who is also in charge of the Home Ministry, said that the talks with the HNLC have been held only once and the government has made it clear to the HNLC leaders that the talks will continue. it will be only after the participation of the top leaders of the party to discuss the issues put forward by the party.
The State/UT Governments have now been empowered to allow such gatherings with a maximum of 100 people outside the Containment Zones after 15th March, 2020, in accordance with the following rules: o In non-news venues, meetings may be held with only 50% of the capacity of these venues and not more than 200 people.
These two houses were built and renovated by JHDS with the support of two donors from Germany, Thomas and Petra Meyer.
Thus, alcohol is one of the greatest enemies and destroyers of man.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday led the MDA Ministers to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to demand the recognition of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled. .
However, in connection with this meeting, as a party, we will think about why they did not come.
Prof Sahoo said that this project was supported by the IBSD and an initial allocation of T.10 lakh was made.
“We have confidence in the Meghalaya government and the people here and we hope and wish that this issue can be resolved,” said Jasbir Singh Gill.
The Bank has taken this responsibility as a sign to strengthen its operations in the rural areas and to produce more people to set up their own businesses from the backward areas in the country. Meghalaya, one of the states in the North East, said sources.
“The Boundary Committee has authorized the Coordination Committee to discuss and discuss the necessary issues and measures to be taken and to inform the Committee for approval before lodging the complaint. “The complaint will be sent soon after the Coordination Committee has approved the complaint,” said Bah PN Syiem, Leader of the Opposition in KHADC. review and send back the report to the Boundary Committee.
When Kiang came back from the hill at night after eating, he sat down with his mother Ka Rimai Nangbah in front of the burning fire and told him what had happened to the mother of U Ksan. Sajar Nangbah who was killed by the Dohlieh in Chan Myrsiang.
This comes after three soldiers who returned from their leave, tested Covid positive after returning to resume their duties in the state.
One of their requests is to reduce the distance from 150 yards according to the condition of the land.
We take this demand very seriously and to express that concern, we have decided not to vote in Assam in the MP elections to be held in June,” said Biswa Sangma. it was another resident.
how long is it.
The house was still covered with wood and when the storm struck, the roofs broke and collapsed.
Byrngem byrsiet ba la happy !Khunruit sent to steal;He shot and killed his brothers;He did not obey.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is still a shortage of pork in the state and in the North East and for that reason the government is ready to introduce a scheme. Grants and loans for livestock farmers to encourage them to raise pigs and other livestock such as chickens.
He also opposed the decision of the Government of India.
Meanwhile, at the FOCUS program held in Chokpot on Thursday, the Minister distributed checks worth T.1.2 crore to 170 Producer Groups to promote agriculture and services.
I found that one of the employees of the DTO, who was in charge of checking the vehicle, helped me with the vehicle license.
According to the President of KSU Sohra, Bah Reebokstar Diengdoh, the woman was shot dead on her way home from work as she was working at the Aganwadi.
A young woman has lodged a complaint against four men who allegedly raped her by drinking alcohol.
In this regard, the Executive Body meeting was held on 03/01/2024, at the hall of the Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu, to discuss the incident. The victim was identified as Monkiru Shyrmang from Pamrapaithlu.
The mother suspects that her daughter was killed but police said they cannot say anything on the incident as they are waiting for the post mortem report.
He said that the number of MLAs from the national parties has reached only 19 and they need the support of other parties like the Congress and TMC. The leaders of other parties, at that time, had received an estimate of 30 MLAs on their side, but by the end of the day, they had lost 3 MLAs and this led to the who will be left with only 27 people.
Four people have committed suicide in this month alone, 2 foreigners working in a dewbilat factory and 2 foreigners. try ri.
He said the border dispute between Assam and other states of the North East, Tripura, Manipur and others has been going on since ancient times.
Through this match, the referees scored the tie-breaker in which Sten United scored 5-3 goals to win.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: A few months ago, the Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has closed down a shop in Laban which they found belonging to a foreigner without a license. When they arrived at the shop, it was owned by a woman named Prodipta Khongwir. When they tried to close the shop, she refused and admitted that she was a Khasi. that it doesn’t need to fight for commercial licenses.
Minutes and hours passed.
Regardless.
“Earlier, the Chief Guest said that it will be a memorable event for the entire area as this is the first resort in the area although they hope that more resorts will come up. in the future.
On 15th November, 2016, Nurul Haque of Gamari, Ramkrishna Nagar, Karimganj was arrested by the Karimganj Police while they were trying to take him to a place in a Maruti van. the hostage was arrested.
“We hope that as the head of NEIGRIHMS he will take action on the demands which are also for the benefit of the youth of the country and the state as a whole and these demands should be implemented within 10 days,” he said. and Mr. Roycoupar.
Samlin sent his condolences to the family of Bah HDR and on his facebook page, he wrote to express his deep sorrow and sorrow on receiving the news of the passing away of Bah HDR. on the evening of 20-02-2
He said that such activities have become public that some robbers have pretended to be employees of FedEx, a delivery company, and these people call those people they have chosen. saying that some of the items that arrived in their name were in possession of narcotics.
Ed but they could not get 45% for the full recruitment of Contract teachers, so the state government has signed an agreement with NIOS, so that these teachers who are already in service can completed the D.El.
The HNLC, said that the wealth from the fire has not been used properly in the distribution of land to the indigenous people, but has been blocked by various laws and reasons. many ways that affect the income of the shiliang households.
Neymar's move to Al-Hilal will cost PSG £78million to release him.
In his speech, the Minister also urged the residents of the state to take measures to collect rainwater and also to know about the measures how to harvest water.
Eldie N Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Central Body who was also present, Genl.
Valarie Suchiang from Shangpung village and Rilang Dkhar from Umshaken village in Ri-Bhoi district are the two climbers from the state who have completed the training. The Advance Mountaineering Course is a training course for climbers to climb any of the highest mountains above 18,000ft above sea level.
The TMC and other independent MLAs have also resigned from the BJP government in Manipur. There are also three BJP MLAs who have resigned. The BJP has only 23 members in the House.
The statement was released by Samla, SL Syad, Genl.
The three children were identified as Safina Jyntem, 5 years old, Kharbat Jyntem, 7 years old and Kulab Jyntem, 5 years old.
She said that Bah AL Hek has been allowed to hold the post for two and a half years while Bah Sanbor Shullai has been allowed to hold the post for two and a half years.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today arrested the family of Azimuddin Choudhury.
It is shameful to rank with Bihar which has the lowest literacy rate in India.
Speech was also delivered by Bah C.Kharbani Rangbah of Pyndengrei Catholic Church in which he said, “The perpetrator still has the opportunity to change his mind but how can you make peace with him? a person who has lost his own life” and said that the lack of trust in others has now brought about unhappiness in the Church in society and the reason for the lack of trust There is too much violence against women and children and murder.
A lot of people refer to “Letter of Resignation".
“As the government we continue to support the proposals through financial assistance of up to 75% and to assist them in terms of equipment and other support to ensure that the work moves forward,” he said. said.
However, the worst thing is that when we are ready to express our opposition to what is happening outside our state but no one should worry about the lack of development.
Rice's involvement will encourage Arsenal to not only play well but also to chase back to the goal of victory.
Regarding the Pnar farmland in Karbi Anglong, it was decided that the farmers have to produce documents to the village authorities in Karbi to prove their ownership of the land and that they have the right to farm. on the spot, and it was also decided that the records needed to be updated from time to time.
On this occasion, the Pastor gave an example of 'it is through the life of Jesus Christ that we can get that most precious certificate' and your Certificate of Independence.
He said that he has tried to find out the root cause by talking to the senior officers in charge of the department but he has not received a satisfactory answer.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the DC's office, Carry Oscar Kharmuti, General Secretary of the party, said that regarding the visit of Assam government officials to Langpih, The Assam government has not respected the statement of Himanta Bswa Sarma and Conrad Kongal Sangma at their meeting in Langpih on 16th November last year.
Therefore, the KSU WJHDU urges the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue as it shows that even in the midst of the border settlement between the two states, Assam has always owned the land. Khasi villages in all the border areas.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized drugs from Borsora area of ​​South West Khasi Hills.
There is a saying that if we put God first, things will work out the way we want them to.
He is survived by his wife, children and grandchildren as well.
It is a symbol of progress, prosperity and welfare of the people of Sivasagar.
Sabahmuswang with this victory, is the only team to end the 7th Wasa title this season.
The earthquake was caused by the construction of a new road from Treiongriang to Khliehtyrshi.
“I was involved in the formation of the RDA before the MLA elections in
Nongpoh, Lber 04: Umdohkha Government LP School, one of the oldest schools in Umdohkha area which was established in 1953, has received a new allocation of Rs 44 lakh for the construction of a new school building and Rs 4 lakh. The school has been destroyed by the Ministry of Education for the purpose of conducting schools especially during the rainy season.
(2) Another is for outstanding athletes who have represented the state in national or international competitions.
Sukjai Swer, Professor, Khasi Department, Sankar Dev College, Shillong, conducted the discussion.
Money, like fire and water, is a good servant, but a bad master.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Baïateilang Lapang, demanded that those who have made the allegations should apologize and explain within 48 hours. As the Rangbah Shnong, they will not hesitate to approach the authorities regarding this unfounded allegation and without seeking the truth from the Shnong Leaders.
Therefore, I have personally met with the leaders of the UDP and PDF many times and asked them to work together once again.
Now, separately, the organization can no longer hold Fishing Competition along the Wah Myntdu within the boundary of the village, and if it opposes this, the village can implement its village rules, by which “It's not like that,” said the Panaliar Village Headman.
It is just a friendly feeling to join hands against the BJP because they are afraid that the BJP will come back to power.
Besides these 1000 households, Bah Samlin said that out of the 2.25 crore tyngka, there are 30 households who have received the poor household scheme of 75,000 tyngka each.
On the other hand, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has been elected as the Convener of the INDIA Bloc.
Shillong, July 27: The State Election Committee of the MPCC on Monday announced the names of Bah Lambor Malngiang and Bah Antonio War for the MDC elections.
I have done my part and I am especially pleased that the government has listened to the voice of the people and not to me.
The duty and responsibility of each of us to our country and nation is no different from the duty and responsibility we have for ourselves and our families.
The Minister said that under this amendment, the ban on political parties will also apply to members and those elected cannot hold office and if they contest MLA or MP they must resign within 14 days. not selected.
Shillong: The Congress leader from Meghalaya, Charles Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that he will do his utmost to force the AICC President Sonia Gandhi to continue to hold office. this is your party.
Jowai: The residents of Khliehriat, will honor the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of Disaster Management and Revenue on the 26th of this month at the village. Beans.
:The KSU Khliehriat Town Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on 8th November met with the Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa who is also in charge of the Traffic Department. Ladrymbai and Khliehriat markets from morning till night almost every day.
Shillong, November 7: The State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR), Meghalaya and the State Resource Center for Women (SRCW), Meghalaya have held a meeting with the Round India Table supported by Shillong Round. Table-252 in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department, Meghalaya today held a discussion on how to protect and implement the rights of women and children at St. Anthony's College Auditorium, Shillong.
There are some kinds of foods that don't have any nutritional value without including these nutrients.
We have already called the HNLC and I am very happy that now they want to sit down for peace talks”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress MLA Bah David Nongrum, one of the party leaders, said that the Congress has prepared well so far and has directed the Ranikor Block leaders to work hard for the defeat the candidate in this upcoming election.
These are just a few mentions and perhaps it will help us to see the light and not to become a fool and remain in darkness.
It is learned that the Hima has only 2 garbage trucks to use inside the market.
“To say that we don't have a candidate from Pynursla is wrong because at present we are still preparing who will nominate,” he said.
While the convoy was on its way from Jagargunda to the forest areas of Kunded, the militants opened fire without stopping and the troops also retaliated.
“Bah Ardent's statement to me that I didn't meet him during the two months he was in Nongstoin and on the day Dr. Mukul Sangma came to Nongstoin I went to meet him to support him. The Congress candidate is very wrong”.
All ration shops are urged to distribute these food items immediately upon arrival and also to keep the list of beneficiaries as well as the working hours inside their shops.
The Minister also informed that the department has taken many precautionary measures to curb the smuggling of rnga by setting up teams of forest officials to track down the smuggling of rnga. smugglers of copper, punishment of violators in court, and seizure of smuggled copper or smuggled copper.
On the other hand, the Phawa Kur and the Village Leaders have held a meeting to discuss and resolve this issue.
Some causes of high or low platelets can be chronic illness, chronic heart disease, leukemia, anemia, exposure to harmful chemicals, poverty, chemotherapy , excessive alcohol consumption, vitamin B12 deficiency and others.
“We urgently need the unity of the nation because we have been persecuted from all sides.
We urge you to please take action on this issue so that we can prevent the violation of the law by foreigners and also the misappropriation of Council funds,” said the petition.
Sitaram Kunte, Additional Chief Secretary (Services), General Administration, said that the Mantralaya will be closed on 29 and 30 June for cleaning.
Myriaw, November 21: Nongriat Sports Club on Tuesday defeated Mawkhan United 4-2 in the Myriaw Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by Myriaw Cultural and Sports Club. by Tie Breaker.
“On the Lord's Day, October 5, 2023, at the Public Service of the Church, we request you not to sit too far, because the road is small and to avoid any tragic incidents.
He said that if there is a difference of opinion in the group of members who lead the dorbar of the Khasi District Council, which is not less than half and that they form their own group, then they will be released. from the prosecution of the law.
Other EMs of KHADC were present at the opening ceremony. Earlier, during the meeting of CEM, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, he announced at Iewduh that KHADC has opened the centre. He said that the residents can complain to room no.217 and by calling another number ( Reliance) to send their complaint.
There are reports that we have received from the Government of India that our state has fallen slowly in terms of education growth among the states in the country.
The Khasi branches should also inform the party headquarters before proceeding because it is only the party headquarters that has the authority and has to take all the responsibilities. The decision shall be made by any department or department of the party without any responsibility.
The NESO leader and others had left for Delhi last month to appeal to the leaders of various political parties to oppose the CAB in the Rajya Sabha, which thwarted the plan to introduce the CAB in the Rajya Sabha and died.
Regarding the college fees of the three People's Colleges, the Minister of Education promised that the government will look into this issue so that these colleges will not make profit in the country. loss of students.
The clear message to these mynder ri and myndie ri is that they will not be able to live in peace at all in the land of Hynniewtrep even if they try to stir up trouble every day but as the youth of “If we have to go through the throes of death, it is our duty to ensure that the nation survives and the nation stands,” he said.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has prepared to smuggle all the Canadian garbage into the country. in Canada.
After Conte's departure in October, Cristian Stellini and Ryan Mason have taken over temporarily.
If the government does not take action on these demands, the doctors under the banner of MMSA will take stronger protest measures.
