The meeting and public hearing was held at three places, Mawkhan, Pyndenumsaw, Rangblang and Umjaraiñ Markets under Mawkyrwat Constituency.
In Maikhuli, the Muamari Beel near the Maikhuli Stadium will belong to Assam and the Maikhuli Cemetery will belong to Meghalaya.
People will find it difficult to buy land up to 100 (shispah) hectares and if they cannot afford land of this size they will have to sell their land to wealthy people or companies because of unemployment. It is better for them to own the land if they cannot get a license to mine coal.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with other government departments, Rangbah Shnongs, Villages of Mairang area and others, on the 2nd June 2024 held a The cleaning of the Ummawleiñ River from the Ummawleiñ Bridge as part of the International Water Conclave
She said that even the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, is a Christian, so why doesn't he think about the feelings of others?
Shillong: The Sain Production and All Meghalaya Dancers Association (SAA) have announced that they will hold the Grand Final of the Shella Constituency Got Talent Season-I and Season-II at the Shella Constituency. on the 15th June, 2020 at Mawlong Nongduh Village from 4 pm.
In this regard, the Union has once again decided to meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling with a letter to seek clarification on this issue.
They are the strongest threats not only to one's own society, one's own village, one's own community but to the nation as a whole.
When asked why only the meat vendors are being targeted, Bah Marbud said that if the FSSAI is fighting to improve the hygiene of food products, it should also check the hygiene of the meat vendors. The shopkeeper sells 'dairy' to those who are not Khasi.
“At the All Party Meeting, the VPP leaders left the meeting immediately because they refused to discuss the reservation policy, and at this meeting they discussed only the roster and The surprising thing is that they have set up a committee on roster, but why do you have to set up a committee when it has been approved, it has been voted?” “I will continue to strike, but if the government continues to do so, the party will announce another measure which we will not hesitate to listen to,” he said. Bah Ardent expressed his satisfaction to see the support of the people and said that those who came here to encourage, also came to put prayers, this is the way as a nation. will undoubtedly win.
In the Muslim religion, there are only two groups, Sunni and Shia Muslims, who fight against fellow believers and fight against other non-Muslim religions.
“MLAs can submit the names of people who can benefit from this scheme to the Committee headed by the Deputy Commissioner.
The Prime Minister in his speech, allocated funds to each government department and the allocation of funds for government departments is as follows.
The Leader of the Opposition was speaking after a meeting with the managers of hotels in Shillong and at this meeting it was understood that the lack of peace and order has affected the state as a whole. now the loss will not be estimated as this affects in the future.
About 8,000 people from different ethnic groups from different ethnic groups attended the Shillong Midnight Fest with the performances of Kubikles, Dosser's Urge and Fourth. Element also includes traditional bands like Snap Paka and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Pragna Parande said that the NCPCR is an agency of the Government of India which looks after only children and to monitor the abuse of children across the country. In India.
“The introduction of this Bill in Parliament will affect the Electricity Distribution Department, the electricity suppliers, the employees of the Electricity Distribution Department and the Engineers.
Speaking on the power of money in the constituency, Bah Laloo said that in every constituency this exists but if the people understand that their power is stronger, they should look into getting the creators. The laws are right because victory is not in the power of wealth but in the power of the people.
Seven minutes after Janario scored, Dulong SC also scored the third goal through Wansa O Laloo but by the end of the minute, Dulong SC didn't have a chance to score. and achieving a one-point sharing.
Regarding many of these allegations, Junes said that he had lodged a complaint with the District Council and had paid a dispute fee of T.250 tyngka but the District Council had not called for any hearing. The Syiem of Khyrim was ordered to issue a certificate to Bah Lamiki Dkhar.
The people and athletes of the state hope that the state will continue to improve in sports through the full support of the people and the state government.
In the past two years, the outbreak of Covid-19 has caused problems and blocked the road in many ways.
This shows that the Nohkjat before the kings before the dance of thousands of children. When the Nohkjat dance is over, the children of thousands of men and women who came from all over the country to dance.
If the police make a surprise visit to the churches on Sunday to visit the rural churches, they will surely find that the churchgoers are filling the church without wearing a single mask.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, Bah Edmund Khongngai said that the leaders of various villages and raids in Ri War Pynursla They came to meet the Minister to ask for clarification and to provide information on the locations of the police department and the police department. The government has discovered the presence of drug users and traffickers in the Ri War area.
This sudden suspension has put the traders in a dilemma how to deal with the LCs which they have already received from the importers from Bangladesh.
He said that the payment of land compensation to the land owners on Shillong Dawki Road is ongoing.
May our country once again be a God-fearing country and may God choose this country as His own.
From this cleansing different types of oils are produced.
“A video of Shri Anirudh Singh, IPS Officer, who has been appointed as SP Rural in Meerut district, has circulated widely in which he was seen talking to a person through a video call.
The union said that if we don't support our Garo friends, we will support the foreigners who will come to these areas.
The Lakroh Mini Hydel Project was started in 1990 by MeSEB, now known as MeECL.
The Special Judge, while hearing the case on the 7th of this month, sentenced Toi Dkhar to 7 years imprisonment and a fine of 2,14,500/- according to the law. under Sections 341/342/363/506/325 of the LPC and Article 3(a) 4 of the POCSO Act.
At the same time, the CEM said that the Council through the relevant department will also discuss that besides the cleanliness of the market, the number of exit points will be improved and increased. For the safety of market visitors and shopkeepers, CCTV cameras will be installed and solar electricity will be installed to provide light at night for the safety of shopkeepers. and passengers.
HS Prannoy also improved his goals for the team by winning 21-8 21-8 against Jack Yu.
The opposition has strongly criticized the BJP for its failures in various fields and has also criticized its failure to curb the violence in Manipur and the misuse of forces. various departments of the Government of India.
Sprain : a sprain, a sprain, a sprain of any part of the body; They shall be like the rings of the thighs and the jaws; bram is a feeling like a snowflake on the ground.
The service was also encouraged by the choirs from various goat groups of District 12 Lyngdoh.
Most of the dead were girls.
For Malki, Bittu Das took 2 wickets for 10 runs in 3 overs and Arjun Lyngdoh took 1 wicket for 4 runs in 3 overs.
“If they had allowed us to work, this would not have happened,” said the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Rebel Pariat.
He said that the Border Security Force troops who have been deployed to patrol the area have not been able to curb the smuggling of Bangladeshis into India.
The 64-year-old BJP candidate will also be the first Riewlum to hold the post of President and the second woman after Pratibha Devi Patil.
When the KSU left for the area, they carried placards with many slogans against the Bengolis, who said that the Bengolis are foreigners from Bangladesh and should not leave the area. They are from Bangladesh.
“Don’t go and put on such an impression dad.
They should also lodge a complaint against any person who takes advantage of the misuse of the name of any party to avoid unpleasant incidents.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that the celebration of the Kyrsiew Ri Day is not only a day to wake up the people, but through this day it is to gather information about the history of the people since the time of the struggle. against the British Government.
The dance venue was cleaned in a square between the banks of the Myn-i and Umphe kmai rivers (now under Karbi village called Upilangso). water from the Mynriang and Myn-i rivers.
The Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Building Structure Regulatory Authority, in an interview with the media, said that the Building Act will be implemented in all the areas. within the boundary of the District Council except for Government areas known as European Wards.
In addition, there are many Government employees who bring vehicles when they come to work and the traffic jam is very heavy when they come to work and when they leave work.
The Assam Rifles School is not true without any proof, because the school management will try its best to improve the school and not to affect the students. The Assam Rifles Public School, Laitkor, said in a statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The teachers of the United Children's Society, UP School, Kut Square, Sohra, have received a letter from the SDSEO of Sohra. to deduct their salaries, if they fail to provide fire extinguishers, mid-day meal logo, menu and posters to be displayed in public places by 13th July, .
The Government has increased the monthly allowance of Lower Primary from T.100 to T.600 and Upper Primary from T.40 to T.600 per month.
In terms of achievements, more than 94.5% of the country's population now has Aadhaar; and more than 2.2 billion Aadhaar verifications are processed monthly.
At the same time, he said that the party will also lodge a complaint with the district authorities, so that they can take the necessary action or even search the rice shops, for the safety of the people.
Adelbert Nongrum (second left) and THS Boney told reporters on Saturday: Rupang The court has fixed the hearing of the case for the 26th of June.
The match was played this morning at the Puskas Arena in Budapest with 67,215 spectators.
The marathon will be held with the support of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government and the cash prize for all the winners will be T.10.10 Lakh.
:The new Khasi song, 'Tang iaphi nga ieid', has been released on the 3rd October
Also present on the occasion was the President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, leading leaders of the KSU Seng Kmie and others.
When inquired, the residents of Mawsiangbah, said that they had come to stay overnight at the place, but on that day they were not there because they went to a fishing competition at Mawsiangbah. one place.
West Garo Hills have scored 10 points against East Garo Hills after a 2-2 draw.
Besides these trainees, there were also those who came to receive training including Samla Banpynshai Umbah, who went to CBTC, Byrnihat, who as a trainee, has benefited a lot from the training. the ideas of this new and profitable planting method.
Sources said that the MHA's question is mainly on the relevant provisions of the country's constitution.
During these cold or hot seasons, it requires drinks that bring the body back and there are many of these drinks that you can choose from.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President Biola Ïakai in the presence of Ma Khroo L Pariat, Secretary General of the party and others. Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of the country and to the Chief Minister of the State through the Governor of the State on 01/04/2
Relatives of the three bodies who were buried alive in the coal mine at Krem Ule, Umlpeng East Jaintia Hills have come to work and received the bodies.
They beat GFC Border Bhutan 2-0 on Friday.
He was elected on the Samajwadi ticket in 2009 and was led by Amit Shah to the BJP.
This requirement for them to pass is due to the enactment of a law by the Government of Meghalaya that those who have not passed at this level will lose the right to continue working as teachers.
Even those who have just contracted other diseases will be ridiculed, excluded from communities and churches because they will be accused of sin.
He urged everyone not to view this incident as a religious discrimination.
Earlier, the Ministry of Coal, through RP Gupta, Joint Secretary, had written a letter to Shambhu Singh, Joint Secretary (North East), Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India. , on 10th July 2015 and in this letter, the issue of the resolution of the State Legislative Assembly, dated 23rd October 2015, which demanded the Government of India, to issue a Presidential Order, paragraph 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule, to repeal the Indian Coal Mining Act, 1957 or the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, of ethnic minority villagers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah D.Wahlang, Asst.Rangbah Shnong of Upper Mawprem, said that the incident started several years ago, when these foreigners used to They came and turned the residence of Kong Santa Rynjah into a place of entertainment and at the same time there was a musical performance which exceeded the time stipulated by the law of the village.
He said that the party will continue to follow up on this for the safety of the people in the border areas.
Ricky Mawlong scored the second goal for Lamlynti in the 48th minute and Pyrkhatjanai Kharkongor in the 70th minute.
According to the President of the HYC Sohra Circle, Bah S Nongrum, the foreign SDO is a protector of foreigners who allows the Dkhars to register their names.
These Regional Committees have decided to meet again next month.
Shillong, Lber, 10: U Rakkam A. Sangma, who was appointed as the Minister in charge of Education, on Thursday for the first time, met with the officers of the Ministry of Education. Read to discuss how to improve and develop this department.
Nongthymmai SC has earned 6 points from two games while Nongrim Hills SC has earned three points from two games.
Two Garo Students Union, Ri-Bhoi Regional Unit and All Ri-Bhoi Garo Women Association came to support these border residents.
Shillong: The air quality in Umiam is higher than any other urban area in India, which has scored 112 on the Air Quantity Index (AQI), said the FKGJP. When you enter the footpath to reach the garbage dump at Marten, Mawlai Mawiong, the smell of iewkhong is inexplicable.
If you are, why don't you be with others?
“It is for this reason that I have directed the DCs of East and West Jaintia Hills to start setting up a committee to include all the Revenue Department, PWD (RDS), Forest, Agriculture Department. and other departments involved at district level, where they will have to be members of that committee and to resolve this issue one by one,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
You have planted these seeds until you have found an answer that you agree with.
Born on 20 June 1931, Mingthing was the President of the Manipur State Congress (MSCP) from 2004 to
The Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Government has not yet received any information on the decision of the HNLC, but has seen the announcement of the HNLC. organization only in the media.
It was also announced that 80 crore Indians will receive free foodgrains until Diwali under the Prime Minister's Garib Kalyan Yojana.
It should not be forgotten that there are new political parties that are not strong now, and which are led by people who have not been famous while they were in power in the past years in the state government. .
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Singh mentioned several programs for farmers including the Prime Minister Crop Insurance Scheme where farmers will receive assistance in case of crop damage. grave.
The CBU has contributed greatly not only in bringing together all the alumni of Don Bosco and promoting education, but also in helping and guiding the students for the future. through its various programs since its inception on October 6, 1968 until now.
Shillong: Speaking at a public meeting in Motphran, AIM Leader Banshai Marbaniang said that the freedom of election of leaders is the right of the people and the right of the people. she came here to elect leaders, not auctioneers of the land and nation.
“Expressing the need to set up a 24 hour helpline number to support women, children survivors and refugees along with other acts of violence, the JSU has also requested the The DGP to close down the gates and illegal collection methods which affect the farmers and traders.
God sent Coronavirus to warn and sympathize with people for the following reasons:-1) That people have sinned against God:- All people in the world who belong to any religion you have popped too much of U Blei.
He said that the Tuber Elaka can be created under the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh informed Prime Minister Narendra Modi immediately after the incident and also visited General Rawat's residence.
The NDRF and SDRF troops could not do anything and acted as spectators.
It is reported that 10,000 people gathered at the festival in Itaewon, but they thyngngian and khynniat and lymbud each other, until hundreds of people died.
Also present were the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma and others.
Speaking to reporters, the Additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (T), MBK Reddy, said that the proposal to bring about the amendment has not affected the forests. under the 6th Scheduled in the state, but it is for the forests of the government.
“Once they needed up to 6000 tyngka, they got more money, and finally they had to steal, until the household items were stolen, the clothes and slippers of the mother and the family members were stolen. steal everything," he said.
At this meeting, the committees decided to allow about 2,400 shopkeepers (about 1,200 from both sides of the border) to come and buy at the market which will be open every day; and 54 vendors from both sides of the border to come and sell their goods.
“Even when the foundation stone was laid, there were some objections but we from the government said yes because it is for the benefit of the people.
Drug trafficking is indeed a horrible business.
To protest against the misdirection of the road, the village leaders from several villages in the Umtyrnga area, have rallied at Chibra village, Umtyrnga. They said that if the road is from where it is planned to be run, it will benefit only two villages, but if they pass from where the road is. It will benefit more than a dozen villages in the area, which is also close to Assam.
The Prime Minister has praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his handling of the problems in the state by signing 12 petitions related to the aim of bringing peace in the region. North East since
Spain players: Simon, Azpilicueta, Garcia, Laporte, Jordi Alba, Koke, Busquets, Pedri, Ferran Torres, Oyarzabal, Olmo.
At the same time, he expressed his anger after he won in 1998, when he, along with Bah Elston Kharkongkor and Cyprian Sangma, who were MLAs of the PDM in that year, were allowed to vote. kidnapping merely because a coup was brought about.
It is expected that the author will continue to expand this book by including other parts that are yet to be published related to the life of Iaw-Shibidi.
“The village authorities must run smoothly and the district administration cannot function without the cooperation of the village authorities and the people,” said the Speaker.
Tellme Mulieh (46, 71) scored the first goal for Mulang Ialong.
At present, the State Government has to spend about T.3 crore per day to purchase electricity from abroad as an assistance to MeECL. to spend another T.300 crore if this situation continues in this way especially if there is no rainfall to fill the Umïam Dam and other places where there is no electricity generation.
The new vote will be held on the 2nd of November.
Sohniamtra: There are two or three types of soh which are called 'Orange' and the Khasi variety of sohniamtra.
He said the government is now waiting for the allocation of funds from the central government for the implementation of the third phase of the scheme.
Kirandeep Kaur, who returned to India about a month before giving birth to Amritpal Singh, was recently interrogated along with his mother at Jallupur Khera.
Some of the issues that the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has decided to do in Iewduh are to close down all the illegal liquor shops, to clean up the garbage. the Market, to remove the shops from the foreigners and other issues.
Nongpoh, Naitung 12: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today strongly condemned the garbage dump on the side of the road in Byrnihat without anyone believing to clean up the garbage. which has been going on for decades since the spread of the people.
In the second leg of the match between Ladthadlaboh and Sabahmuswang, Ladthadlaboh beat Sabah Muswang 7-0 Medon Salahe scored in the 7th minute, Nitenjan Pala in the 26th minute, Thikwell Bareh in the 27th minute, Jeffrey Surong in the 31st, 45th and 56th minutes and Simeon Suchiang in the 40th minute.
Those schools which wish to open and set up teaching centers within schools or colleges should write to the Deputy Commissioner to recognize their school as one of the teaching centers in music.
How to use handkerchiefs during feeding How to clean food storage areas to avoid the spread of foodborne diseases and increase income.
The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority, Khliehriat, has directed all the Waheh Shnongs in the district to temporarily evacuate the owners of houses in the sharing areas. danger of landslides to leave their homes temporarily.
In the past few hours, security forces in the area said that seven female students and two people were injured in the incident.
The young man, however, rebuked me, saying, "Don't cry like a laren without rain.
Friends, don't you wish that we could go together to that city full of peace and happiness, as I have already told you, where there will be no more sorrow and grief?
“We are still reviewing this appointment system, so we have come to the decision that if we want to bring about change, let us do it once for all by looking at all aspects and bring in a transparent and detailed," he said.
Shillong, Nailur 09 : Stella Khongsngi has been crowned Miss Meghalaya 2023 while Angelina Jackson has been crowned Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 at the Miss Meghalaya pageant held on Saturday night at U Soso. Tham Auditorium.19 girls from all over the State, came to take part in this best girls competition.
Don't give Satan a place as God's Word says.
“The government will have to ensure that the zoo runs smoothly and takes good care of the animals so that the people who come here can enjoy them.
About nine GNLA members have set up a hideout in the village.
Besides, he said that the victory of any leader is only the ability to provide impartial governance.
Para 3-10 of the Sixth Scheduled clearly defines the power of the District Council to make laws, said Bah Bindo and added that Para 14 Clause (e) empowers the Governor to appoint. “It's not the Commission,” said Bah Bindo.
“However, it is pleasing that the debates in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly have been conducted in a smooth manner despite the differences in the debates but the members have maintained the dignity of the House,” he said. Thomas.
The party has also decided to demand that the state government should provide more special security measures and more special allocation for development works for the villages in the border areas, he said. added.
Police said his mother later alleged that police spit and kicked her son.
She said that she was immediately taken to PHC Wahkaji but then sent to the 100 bedded Civil Hospital in Mawkyrwat for further treatment.
ILlong: U Bah Reginald Shylla, President of the Jaintia Hills Public Coal Miners Association (JPPSA), on Tuesday accused the MDA government of being the most corrupt government in the state.
They died in a house fire in West London after Diwali.
When asked whether the Opposition will take up the issue with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the CLP leader said it is up to the law enforcement agencies to take action. it’s not really the Opposition’s business.
Government schools and colleges in the state are declining steadily in the service of providing adequate education to our children.
They want to destroy the land of Hynniew Trep, and to throw it into hell.
The Bible also says that those who understand among those people will instruct many, but they will fall by the sword and by fire, by slavery and plunder many days.
The Umsning Town Dorbar also awarded ryndia and momento as a sign of remembrance and the women and youth also awarded the prizes and cut a cake as a sign of remembrance. I'm going to celebrate that day.
Speaking on the work of the MDA government, he said that it is not the time for us to criticize each other, but to lead the state forward and to bring about economic development and for the people to benefit from all the benefits. scheme that the Central Government has provided.
The family belongs to Histobi Ryntathiang from Mawsithew village of Mawblei village in Mawthadraishan constituency.
However, the Deputy Commissioners have immediately taken the necessary action and now many households have already received the CGI sheets and those who have not yet received them will also receive them. within 24 to 48 hours.
“The amendment of these two Articles 6 (b) and (c) is expected to strengthen the implementation of the Act and also empower those who implement it,” he said. The amendment to the Act was made in accordance with the decisions of the Supreme Court and the High Court prohibiting curfews, office blockades and other types of protests.
The Seng said that in fact in the fire that broke out in Khyndai Lad on Saturday, the market vendors and members of the Seng immediately collected their goods and immediately closed down their shops. They also ran to the scene of the fire to lend a helping hand even though they had to put themselves in danger.
Shillong, Naitung : The Qualapatty Sports Social and Cultural Club (QSS&CC), Shillong has renewed its office bearers at its meeting held on the 1st of this month for the term 2023-2
He was raised without judgment.
We hope that this action of the Executive Committee will encourage the youth who are involved in the trade to come forward to participate in the trade activities done by other ethnic groups because according to the United The Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation Act (KHASI) states that any job that is not allowed to be done by the Khasi shall be subject to the revocation of the license issued to other ethnic groups.
The lack of clarity on the meaning of Cadre Strength means that the new OM will also be based on the Compensatory Method.
Police have seized 13 species of birds and 4 shrieh from the vehicle.
Khliehriat, Naitung 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Finance Secretary, Training Phawa and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) through their Publicity Secretary, Hamewapynhun Ryngkhlem, in a statement, congratulate Happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the children of Seiñ Raij Tuber and wish the Seiñ Raij to continue to make progress in preserving the culture and religion as it has been done. They are the ancestors of the ancients.
They have improved in education, they have improved in science and they have not forgotten their own culture, but when it comes to the youth in the state, it is very difficult just because of the rongphong. They follow the example of others without understanding where it will lead their lives.
Please divide the law into the name of Hynniew Trep Land, because the Garo also want Garoland, so that the job allocation will not be clear.
The reason why I say this is because if those in the government are good at speaking like a moina while in the opposition there are many who are stupid and can't speak well because they don't speak English well. their minds are not destroyed.
Rotary International celebrates World Polio Day on October 24th.
Don't have many candidates, don't win, don't have knowledge, don't have money! How Nongjop, you have seen Long 'niangkohnguh, in the Assembly! Remember the electors of the money, Hap pay again, in three years Where will they get, enough of that It is only corruption, the money of the State.
He said that this expenditure also includes the salaries of the employees of the health department, the expenditure on labs, ambulances, PPEs, masks, the expenditure on the corona care centres. and other necessities to prevent the spread of this disease.
Even those who have nothing cannot treat us as slaves.
Traditional food items were also sold and posters on the Word were displayed.
Azad, who retired this month, and the Congress is looking for a replacement, with Anand Sharma or Mallikarjun Kharge in talks to take over the post. the Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha.
He said the Minister had informed him that one check gate has been operational at Rattachara in East Jaintia Hills District.
The AAY and PHH ration is 5 kilos per head and this rice is provided by the government.
I hope that when this Act is fully implemented, it will bring about the regulation of the land within the boundaries of the Council.
Speaking on Channel TV9, Pragya Thakur admitted that she had destroyed the Babri Masjid on November 6, 1992 and said she was very sorry for her actions.
He said that if the people elect him in the upcoming election, if the people face any problems he is ready to cooperate and if the government does not listen to the demands of the people, he is ready to They were taken to the Secretariat to protest.
This was announced by DK Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong of Lawbah.
The current MPs accused of corruption are D Bandopadhyay (TMC), Brijesh Pathak (BSP), Lal Ming Liana (MPF) while former MPs JPN Singh (BJP), Renu Bala ( BJD), and Mehmood A Madni (RLD).
The opening ceremony was attended by the editor of U Peitngor newspaper, Bah Lamphrangbor Nongspung, several members of the management and staff.
“If you don't apply, how can there be development in Meghalaya,” he said.
:On the closing day of the Wangala Dance on the 12th November 2022 which is a celebration of the culture and identity of the Garo people in Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma He said that the government has allocated Rs.2.25 crore for the 100 Drums Wangala Festival to improve the construction of the Garo Heritage Village in Chibragre.
This type of soh does not require time to care for and many other benefits can be obtained from its tree.
Nongpoh, Nailur 27: The Joint Action Committee of the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF today strongly condemned the killing of Nisha Nongbet from Iewmawlong at a bar. state on the first day at the village road of Pahamsyiem.
In Ampati, Dikkanchi received 11,750 votes while Conrad received 9,318 votes.
" But besides nature, there is also the Meirilung, which refers to the products of nature, to those things that are still young, still shyllud, still speh.
Shillong, July 12: 'I'm not sure what to do' is a song by the famous Ri-War singer Bah Anthony Khongwang. This is the 2013 MLA election.
During the operation, a vehicle (AS 01/DT 2876) with Registration Number AS 01/DT 2876 was arrested at Hajo in Kamrup. to escape from the police by driving steadily on the road to Poa Mecca.
When he sat down with her, he asked her if she wanted to stay that night.
In a statement, Tony Shylla said that Angelus Sun, after being elected as the Rangbah Shnong, did not hold a meeting to form the Executive Committee in the village. They will protest against the non-formation of the EC of the Rangbah Shnong.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Dorbar Shnong of Ratacherra, Dona Umbluh, Dona Skul, Umkiang, Lumphyllut, Lumsoski, Pyrtakuna, Borsara, Kuliang, Shymplong and Tongseng, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District has given 15 days to repair the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills which has been damaged especially from Lumshnong to Malidor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has rejected the statement of the Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri during the Rangbah Shnong meeting with the government.
Police have taken the woman to court and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved in the sale of drugs.
He said that his goal if he wins is to look after the households from the day laborers as well as the unemployed youth.
The bronze medalists included Saralin Rynghang in the women's 50 Kg category and Barisha Kharbani in the 61 Kg category.
He said that in recent years, the government has arrested men and women with bombs but the protest has intensified until the government has overthrown it.
Once you think about it, it is very difficult to accept this especially because now it is difficult to get a job.
of India Enterprise, Guwahati on the 12th of this month at Shillong Club.
He said that Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd has awarded a sub contract to Badri Rai & Company.
This time, Lajong has signed only local players and most of them are from the Eastern Region without bringing in foreign players as in previous years under the leadership of coach u Lajong. by Alison Kharsyntiew.
Shillong: The Search and Rescue Team, accompanied by police and village authorities, on the morning of 23rd July 2021, They conducted a search operation for several firearms seized from the police of Mawkynroh Outpost on the 15th July 2021 which was also the day of the funeral of the former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, who was shot dead by police at his residence, was thrown by the youths into the Umkhrah River from the Umpohliew Bridge.
However, at the same time, he denied that it had anything to do with politics but said that the stir was caused by government schemes.
In another match, Shillong College beat Union Christian College 50/43, KL Bajaria College beat Synod College 72/34 and NEHU Shillong beat Mendipathar College 43/3 .
For more information, please call the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin during office hours at 94023-00795 and 80142-5
She complained to the police that he also threatened her if she crossed the Punjabi Line.
They said that they earn 500 tyngka per trip and 3 trips or 4 trips a day to earn but mostly it depends on the number of tourists if there are many tourists. It means that the income is more adequate and if they are less, it means that the income is less and sometimes there is no income.
As of July 7, the death toll has risen to 5,424 and a further count has revealed that the total number of deaths has reached 9,3 The death toll from Patna has risen to 2,293 out of 1,2
The Society also requested the DC to take action on this issue so that it will not put in trouble the tourists especially the poor.
As I have already said, this is a matter of the Government's need to create a new Block,” he said.
Rishi is 67 years old.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday came to an end with Iatyllilang SC becoming the second team after Kharang SC to win the title. jam to the final this season.
I believe in heaven here on earth, in rights and equal life without discrimination.
Dr. Mukul Sangma's remarks came after the Hima Mylliem authorities informed him that the market is filled with garbage.
The second post-mortem was conducted by doctors from NEIGRIHMS after the body of the police chief was recovered from the cemetery.
Grossper Ryntathiang said that LG has been against the party since he was in KHADC last term and at that time he said that the HSPDP has decided to stay in KHADC. The opposition, but he alone went to sit in the Executive Committee but after the arrangement he was given a ticket again in 2014 and there too he did the same by joining the PDF. They explained the reasons for the suspension of Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem for two years and said that they have suspended for four reasons. The ARPA has been dissolved in the KHADC during the tenure of CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum without the consent of the party.
Darrang Unit: President Jespernem Suchen, Vice President Amos Diengdoh, Secretary Batista Ryngksai, Asst.Secretary Gioancel Kongwang, Treasurer Trek Suting, Adviser Moonlight Lamin and 10 Executive Members.
Besides the DTO, there will also be a Motor Vehicle Inspector (MVI), an Upper Divisional Assistant (UDA), an Assistant System Engineer, one Peon and one Chowkidar.
Furthermore, in the interview, I spoke outside the question which is not related to the incident by coming to the development projects, the lack of jobs and the lack of sports grounds in the villages. speech is yours.
Meanwhile, North Shillong candidate Elgiva Gwyneth Rynjah has sent her condolences to the families of those killed in Mukroh. You will be able to visit Khyndailad.
United scored another goal through Amit Tudu in the 79th minute.
“The winner will continue to fight in the coming days and the loser should not lose heart but should have a goal and work hard in the upcoming tournaments so that they can reach the top. The goal will be achieved,” said Raymon Kharjana.
“If it is necessary to sit down and clarify, we are ready, but to say to review or renew this agreement is not because it is not easy because not only in Meghalaya but also in Assam there is strong opposition. “said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Looking at the RTE in Meghalaya, it cannot be accepted that it has really worked and provided education to the children.
To say that people who have studied for more years to get a higher or higher degree are honorable is wrong.
Dr. Melarisha said that 21.4 percent of these children live with their mothers while 8 percent of the others live with their relatives, which means that up to 30 percent of these children do not receive the love of their fathers at home. shed.
He said that although rabies is 100% dangerous, it is 100% preventable and the precautionary measures to be taken are to clean the areas affected by soap immediately. for about 15 minutes and then seek treatment at nearby health centers for injections.
Shillong, March 12: The Raid Nongshken together with the two Dorbar Shnongs of Nongshken and Mawdang Village have strongly condemned the disappearance of Sahitina Ïawim over the recent incident on the allegation that They were beaten up by people who robbed them without informing the village authorities before lodging a complaint with the police.
Between 1974 and 1976, Panbor Tariang was the President of the Shillong Students Union (SSU).
The division provides legislative support, communications and research to governments and NGOs around the world and helps them to develop, bring forward measures and control the use of tobacco.
The participants also sang popular songs like “Make me a channel of your peace” and “We shall overcome”.
However, first we must understand their power.
It's important for us to understand that the inaugural year because it allows us to understand where we are on the roster now".
He said recently, it was seen in the media that the government had said to discuss the issue at the next Cabinet meeting after the first meeting failed because it still needed more details. However, after the Cabinet meeting for the second time, it did not address this demand of the teachers.
A copy of this notice has been sent to the Commissioner Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Forest and Environment Department, Shillong. to the Magistrates of East Jaintia Hills District, to the Assistant Engineer Urban Affairs, to the District Public Relations Officer, to the Executive Officer of Khliehriat Town Committee, East Jaintia Hills and to the traders. of East Jaintia Hills District.
The seized trucks include AS-01 BC 4374, ML05-G-6673, ML05-L-7688, ML05-G-3757 and a Tata Mobile (ML10-A). -9367).
The Rangbah Shnong of Traw Saitkhlieh, Bah Donborlang Kurbah, said that the JCB was brought by his son Filick Kharshiing.
He said the committee will send the names of the candidates to the party higher authorities for a final decision.
Police have registered a case under Case No.274(10)2023 u/s 325/341/506/34 IPC. He was arrested on 5th March and brought before the Court after police custody.
Vicky Kaushal and Katrina Kaif have reportedly sold their photographs for Rs 100 crore to a group of photographers.
The MPI methodology is based on the Alkire and Foster (AF) methodology which identifies people as poor based on categories that have been developed to identify poverty, which provides another a different view of money.
Regarding this issue, the union said that it will send a letter to the District Chief of West Khasi Hills who is also the headmaster of the school, to take action against this. Therefore, the students who live in the hostel have been injured.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The decision on who will win or lose the mid-term MP election for the Tura Lok Sabha will be taken tomorrow.
On 30th July, 2018, T.1.30 crore was withdrawn, on July 20, 2018, T.70 lakh was withdrawn, on 3rd June, 2018, T.1.50 crore was withdrawn. crore.
Only the Prime Minister said this outside the House.
In this regard, Bah Samuel said that the Minister has promised to seek the cooperation of the private sector who run these health centers as it will make it difficult for the government to run themselves. “It will agree and fund these private health centres,” said Bah Samuel.
Shillong: The Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum (JARF) has demanded that the State Government should convene a meeting of all three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) of the state to file a review petition on the issue of Supreme Court against Supreme Court's decision to allow coal mining with strict restrictions.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Shaniah Suchen said that during the meeting, Lahkmen said that he had already spoken to the Inspector General (IG) of BSF and and the Director General of Police, Meghalaya on this issue.
At least two people were killed and 22 injured in Gujarat on Friday.
Why ?.
There are other methods of composting household or market waste, but the two mentioned are the easiest.
This shows that it is a kidnapping,” said Bah Sarlangki.
The relevant officials have conducted a thorough inspection across the state and once this is completed, we will send the report to the central government.
“It has been almost two years since the incident in Mukroh.
Many souls here have been lost, Because of this terrible disease.
The inspection was led by the President of HANM, WW, Sengkmie, Kong Beti Jyrwa and Bah Marcus Marten from HNYF, NR. The government through the PWD department has promised to start the construction of this road soon.
Former JSU President Garland Rymbai in his speech recalled the past years since 1987 and the main issue that the JSU has taken up is the issue of border and Inner Line Permit.
The VPP has called a meeting to hear the decision of the meeting calling on the MDA government to discuss the roster system but its leaders have left the meeting after they did not agree with what was said. was described inside.
The Supreme Court will take up another hearing on the appointment of Dolloi Act of the JHADC, which was issued in 2015, as the Constitution does not empower it. The Council shall not interfere with the belief or religion of any ethnic group and empowers the Council to appoint Dolloi to rule and shall not interfere with the religious beliefs of any ethnic group. Ma C Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
The incident happened on the 6th of this month at Dosdewa village, Karimganj district, Assam.
The office bearers and members were confirmed by the President Central Body, Sambormi Lyngdoh in the presence of General Secretary CEC Wanshwa Suting, Vice President Ency Shadap, Nangjan Dkhar, Assistant Secretary CEC Allmiki Ryngkhlem and Publicity Secretary CEC. The meeting was conducted by Arts & Culture Secretary Mehi Rymbai.
Meghalaya cricketer Kevin Christopher scored 90 runs against Vidarbha on the third day of the U-25 Col. CK Nayudu Trophy match was played in Nagpur today.
Everywhere is enough because it depends on perseverance and hard work,” said the mother.
The fear that has taken root in the mind is devastating.
Jerrymy Jyrwa scored the two goals for Umpling in the 37th and 65th minutes to beat Gorkha 2-0
The police have opened fire in many places in Them Metor, Motphran and parts of Mawkhar area.
Prestone said that at this meeting, it was decided to fight to expedite the recruitment process in the police department at various levels for this year.
He said that in order for the preparation and equipment of the Cancer Wing to proceed and it will be opened, it will also be a celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. u Mr. Hek.
There are about 7,000 villages in Meghalaya, the state has 7067 ASHA workers, where each village has at least one ASHA worker with the aim of providing quality health care. bastet to the people in the countryside.
Lawsohtun SC opened the scoring through Peter Lyngdoh in the 34th minute, but Nongrim Hills SC responded before the end of the first half through Glenny Lynrah (42nd minute). The two teams scored 1 goal at the end of the first half.
The crowd, who was angry with the theft of cattle, threw him to death.
The Dy.General Manager of NERPSIP, Shillong has informed all the residents of the village that the 220 KV Double Circuit Mawngap-New Shillong Transmission Line will be supplied with electricity in the coming days.
According to the description of his friends who found the body, half of the body from the abdomen was cut off by the train, but the shape of the tree is still unknown.
The GSU has alleged that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) and all the Congress MDCs of GHADC are not aware of the meaning of the Sixth Schedule.
Manipur Police Chief LM Khaute said the incident could have been at the hands of the People's Liberation Army.
He added that work is currently underway on 90 such projects.
The state has proposed the 240 MW Umngot Hydro-Electric Project to be constructed in three phases (3 x 80).
Meghalaya will now travel to Riyadh to play at the King Fahd Stadium for the semi final round of the 76th Men's National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy.
A day before his death, Sushant Singh Rajput sent money to Raees, who looks after his farm in Lonavala, to buy food for three dogs. Amar, Akbar and Anthony, who raised and cared for Raees.
The exchange of fire between the militants and the security forces took place at 8 pm in the southern part of Abujhmad, near the hills in the forest area that leads to the village of Koylibeda.
The world's leading nuclear power plant, CHERNOBYL, has now fallen back into Ukrainian control after Russian forces withdrew from the site.
He said that since Meghalaya has been a full state for more than 40 years, there is no ILP but why has it not grown but the growth can be seen only by the infiltrators in the cities and towns.
“When I get to heaven,” said Billy Graham, “that will be the first question I will ask him.”
In a statement, the Mahila said that the allegation by former Mawynram MLA Bah Shangpliang against the president is untrue and unfounded. your withdrawal from the party d blame others.
The office was inaugurated by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM KHADC who was also the chief guest in the presence of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkyr and Deputy CEM. The meeting was chaired by PT Sawkmie, Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Ri Pnar Lyngdoh, EM Building Department, KHADC. Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM and MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency.
The HANM alleged that the VECs have ordered the job card holders to return the money that has reached their accounts.
Moosyiem Shangpung beat Sailung Ialong 5-1 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Free T-Shirts will be distributed on 29th July 2022 from 6 pm only to those who have already registered.
During the meeting, the union leaders handed over a letter stating the names of the contractors who are constructing the road, the name of the scheme, the budget and the time. that they should finish the work from the day they began.
Even after being ordered to leave their homes, they did not listen and forcibly took away the people who were taken away by the police.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah PT Sawkmie, expressed his satisfaction to see the progress of the construction of the stadium and his goal is to get the stadium according to the current standard.
“Regarding the candidates for the Shillong and Tura seats, Ao said, “We will talk to the state and the state groups, including the Prime Minister and the Minister of Labour. household, ensuring that the candidates are suitable for the people.
They are not quick to think that he will come back but this all shows his closeness.
Arrested and imprisoned.
“Therefore, we urge the state government to increase the salary within this month otherwise we will not be able to tolerate it and we will not be able to show our jobs.
The second wave of covid19 has subsided for a while, but it has not subsided without damaging lives, without suffering those who have been infected with this virus and especially those who are suffering because they have lost their lives. that friend-friendῆ.
He said that Bah Martamlin's decision to withdraw from the BJP ticket and to support him as a BJP candidate is a sign of hope that he will gain more power. more and more confirm your ticket application.
“Government employees shall not hold any position in any political party or organization, take part in political activities, or any protests,” the notification said. on the 13th of July.
He said that these projects include the road where the Government has not been able to solve the problem of land acquisition.
The political parties in Meghalaya have begun to shake and show signs of unrest, after the change of office bearers, and the interesting thing is that even if there was no but the actions themselves speak more clearly than the words, which perhaps the intelligent people have now seen and seen what has happened.
Jagdeep Dhankar, Governor of the State, said the cyclone was the strongest in decades.
The Search Committee has a term of office of three years and if any members of the MSCW resign, the Committee will recruit new members.
Haggai 1:10–11.
Supporting the demand of the Sengbhalang to implement the ILP, KHNAM has demanded that the government should take a decision in the Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP in the state to curb the entry of mynder. to this state.
If the meat producers from Meghalaya have to pay to these states, the meat fee has reached 315 (three hundred and fifty) crore tyngka and it has been a way to help the farmers of Meghalaya. these states.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Bah Disparsing Rani, one of the officials who used to seek information under the RTI Act 2005, has alleged that the employees of the State of Information Commission (STC) office have close ties with the departments. government.
The 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament will start on November 6 at Bakur Dawki Stadium.
The day passed, the month passed, and the month passed.
“When there is a fight, there is a horse fight, and this incident is due to the involvement of the Governor,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal of Satiraja Memorial School RAWA Umsning, Kong Bala Umbah, said that since she started coming to school, Barilaburom has been a very enthusiastic child and she loves to write and preach the Word of God.
Asia said that as soon as they bought these cows from Ri-Bhoi, they were accompanied by a small vehicle but suddenly they got lost and went on their own.
Ruhi Synnah, resident of Raliang Village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been missing since 31st August
He said that once it is clear with the state government, they will understand whether to hold it again with the Rangbah Shnongs or how to do it.
In the past, the NOC has been issued by the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar for any work related to the construction of buildings, the holding of any festivals or any public meetings in the area. shu and Careme Phawa.
“Loss of income is one of the most serious problems facing TB patients. Therefore, in addition to food for TB patients, vocational training can also be provided.
On the other hand, the Joint Secretary said that according to the information of the central government, the ULFA chief Paresh Baruah is missing because he is not in Bangladesh.
According to this Act, a fine of 10,000 tyngka in the first offense and 2,000 tyngka in the second offense shall be imposed on anyone or any driver who does not use the horn lynter or does not use the horn in the place. count mana.
Shillong, March 12: The HITO on Friday raised a question with the State Government through the Minister of Law, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the lack of scholarships for the students of the State. to continue their studies in various lines.
The election in Sohiong Constituency ended on 10th June 2023, with 91.92% turnout for the election of the new MLA, more than two months after the other 59 MLAs. The Assembly Constituency will be elected on 27th June
Because it is the custom of the candidates to give speeches to explain their manifestos, everyone just summarizes the same words that we will bring you the Protection of the Earth. Shyiap, Culture, Peace, Happiness and others.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU unit today closed down the office of the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the university. NEHU on the implementation of the demand.
If you have enough money, you are in their hands and feet.
If you count the money, you will have billions of dollars every year.
Kong Warjri also encouraged the teachers to work hard for the development of the children.
Regarding the water shortage, Bah Pariat said, there are water wells that we can use, and we will arrange for that to provide drinking water to the people.
Two stars are called TAPHIEH or KYNDIR. Two stars are called THARIN THAPAI. Three stars are called RAH DONG – RAH KUM – RAH KHRA. a star signifying meaning, as a messenger, a guide, a carrier of words.
After taking this decision, the MSOA together with the officers of the Sports Department under the leadership of Vijay Kumar are ready to proceed with the work.
He said that the border between the two countries is in accordance with the Joint India-Bangladesh Guideline for Border Authorities approved in 1975 which agrees that if the two countries need to sign, they will. 150 yards from the zero line of both countries.
Of this, T.33.45 crore has been seized before the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct and T.10.93 crore during the implementation of the MCC, said the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO). ) Dr BDR Tiwari through the media on 18th June.
I have always expected that Hep is a respectable, well-mannered, good man, he comes from a respectable family.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : According to the 2011 census, there are 627 transgender people in the state.
He said that the state government will also look into and try to provide in such a way so that this issue can be resolved.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The first edition of the Play to Learn Summit was successfully held in Shillong today, showcasing the importance of play in building the lives of children. child.
“We demand that the government should increase the honorarium to T.5000 from T.2000,” she said.
At this meeting, he said, it was also discussed to remind the government to release the salaries of school teachers every month, not once every four or five months.
He said that some Himas have come to him to request to do this work as soon as possible in their Himas and these include Mawiang, Nobasohphoh and Nongpoh Sirdarship.
The White House of the United States on Monday announced that from 11th January, the requirement for vaccination for travelers to the United States as well as government employees will end. within the country.
If a teacher is not selected on the basis of his ability and skills, how can we expect him to be able and skilled in teaching?
The NH-06 is one of the main roads connecting Meghalaya with other states of the North East including Mizoram, Tripura, Barak Valley of Assam and eastern parts of Manipur. .
The union also urges the sordars of various villages to think carefully before issuing any documents to foreigners, which affects the income of the indigenous people.
"Amit Shah doesn't have time to talk about the shooting death of five ethnic minorities in Mukroh because he is busy campaigning in Gujarat," Gokhale said on Twitter.
In the past few days, unidentified robbers have also robbed a petrol pump at Dkhiah West and stolen up to 9 lakh tyngka.
“There is no longer any order in the family, longkur longkha, society, khadar administration and politics and the Sengbah is very pleased with this and will continue to think about this. “It's a great opportunity for the country and the nation,” said the Secretary.
The teachers have decided to hold a two-month strike from 22nd to 4th November to demand that the state government should take over the provincialisation of teachers. The state has confirmed that the provincialization is not the responsibility of the school authorities.
The residents of the area, who had gathered in large numbers at the scene, were very angry over the accident and which resulted in the death of the Rangbah. Truck Dumper, but fortunately with the presence of Police and CRPF, was able to control the anger of the people and they drove away from the area.
“When the road is closed, people will work and earn money,” said Bah Gabriel.
Since then, the police have arrested the student who is a suspect in the murder.
When you arrive, you will be told about AADHAR; and you have already registered your AADHAR Number.
Syllad.com, which visited the area, found that this road can no longer be regarded as a road and has no color and has become like a forest road, which has violated the rights of the residents. They have been living in the midst of trafficking on this road for 17 years.
The doctor said that the toll gates of NHAI have increased in number in Jaintia Hills, including one in Lumshnong and one in Ialong besides Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills.
When they were in opposition, they complained that the Congress government could not control the increase in the price of food and fuel.
Will the area have to wait until the money comes from the 2017-18 budget?
He also alleged that the NDA government under the leadership of Modi, is led by these religious parties like the RSS, Bajrang Dal and VHP to attack the minorities especially the Christians and such is not possible. to accept the people of this state.
Personally, I cannot forget him and even if I cannot express it outwardly, I know how sorry I am that I have lost a friend whom I love and respect so much.
Shillong: The Run Meghalaya Association (RUA) will hold a running tournament in March
The CSSWO said that the arrival of NEEPCP to build the project has affected the residents of Thieddieng and it is like evicting them because of the destruction of their land due to the arrival of NEEPCO which is implementing the project. to this project.
On the other hand, the Minister in a recent speech, said that all government departments and the police department have been directed to ensure that there will be no interference to discourage the people from taking part in this event. keep 10 days free.
The Under 17 team will take part in the FIFA World Cup in November this year, and the Indian Football Authority has developed new initiatives to promote their football. thei Samla in the country, by conducting Coaching Camps, Friendly Games to help improve the skills of the players.
It is not known whether these are the largest documents, or whether they have been rejected by the office, which had to be removed from the back room and if so, how did they have to go? Is it the drugs that are hiding like this on Sunday morning?
In the past few months, the Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma has visited the coal deposits in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills and alleged that the coal in the These areas are no longer 32 lakh MT as promised by the MDA government because there is no illegal trade in coal in the state and this is also because of the involvement of the state government led by Meghalaya. Democratic Alliance (MDA).
The village leaders said that the victory of Bah Paul in the election is due to the love of the people and expressed the expectation that Bah Paul will bring development works in the constituency especially when he is also the victory of the people. Ministers in the State Government and also expressed the need to do something to bring about the cleanliness and beauty of the villages in the Constituency.
In Rajasthan, another state ruled by the Congress in the past three years, the BJP has won 115 out of 199 constituencies.
"Although I'm still young, I didn't have any fear when I went out to play because this is a very exciting game," said Yamal after his performance against Villarreal. .
D.C and add those not already? If you don't see anymore, why don't you go and buy eyes? The nation, the villages and the townships have been facing problems from time to time, but we have ended up in the vision, when will those legislators be surprised? The legislators feel that the village laws are wrong and they keep looking for them.
Reports obtained by Mawphor said that the central government authorities, especially those in the financial sector, are still looking into whether Meghalaya can pay the loan.
“There have been some challenges, but every year, we will ensure that this Games will be good and big and to overcome these challenges,” said Conrad.
Saleng said the action of the prime minister has been ignorant of the problems of the people of the state especially in Garo Hills where peace and order has fled far away.
From this point on, Meghalaya fought hard to score, which the team managed to achieve in the second half.
Ma Shallam said that the land owners who have to pay T.10 per day will be forgiven the land fee which they have to renew every year.
The suspect was arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station on a complaint of rape of a child in November 2021, in a village under the jurisdiction of this is the police.
Then it is said further according to Psalm 37:21, “The wicked taketh away, and doeth no evil: but the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth”.
He said that during the meeting he had explained to Sonia Gandhi what is happening in the state especially the power struggle between him and Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister.
The ECI has banned the ruling parties and leaders from misusing their power to win votes.
It is to be recalled that the KJP Synod Sepngi has already provided financial assistance to all the victims of this tragic incident, said Rev. SS Majaw, Senior Executive Secretary, KJP Synod. West.
In the letter, Debbarma also expressed his views on the Bill issued by the TTADC in 2000 and the Bhasha Commission – which recommended the use of Roman script for the language. Conversation.
Furthermore, the destruction of forests is also one of the ways to exterminate all the wildlife that live in it, where to hide and where to live when there is no forest, and one of the most dangerous is the the destruction of the environment will also lead to a shortage of clean air to breathe.
“The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India launched the National Florence Nightingale Award in 1973 in recognition of the services of nurses to society.
This is the reason why many young people are quick to turn to drugs, who comes to plant such a seed, which once infected, it is difficult to eradicate the addiction. These are the questions that parents have to think carefully about the wealth that young people get to buy it.
The Act aims to grant Indian citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Christians, Jains and other religious minorities who fled Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan to India before
“In fact, there have been some senior leaders who have turned sohpdung and it has been seen that the leaders have had to leave the party. these must be resolved in good time before the election actually comes and it must not arise.
However, the leaders of the HLC (Them Mator) have refused and do not agree that the local MLA should be included in the committee.
Jesus remembered the prophecy of the Prophet Zechariah, and said – Ah! If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but behold, they are set before thee" Luke 19:28-4
Therefore, the Union would like to request all the Waheh Shnongs and residents of Jaintia, Khasi and Garo Hills to take your precious time to attend this fete. approved by the Union on
He gave the example of a 23-year-old couple having more than five children because of the lack of extension in having children.
After receiving permission from the Speaker in the House, Bah Adelbert said that the VPP and many of the people of the state do not accept that the Governor should speak in Hindi. because Hindi is not the Official Language of the State, even if it is the Official Language of the Central Government.
Shillong: The recent bomb blast in Khyndailad on Tuesday 30th July 2022 has led many to allege that the incident happened due to the negligence of the security department. The government has failed to curb the incident and that insurgency has started to spread once again in the state. In this regard, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is the head of the state. The Minister in charge of Home Affairs has denied the allegation and said that although there have been several incidents, it does not mean that insurgency has increased again in the state. was vigilant and prepared to prevent such incidents from happening again.
“The AGP, which has been operating across the state, wants to contest more constituencies.
“The government has nothing to interfere with as it is up to the village authorities to set rules.
The Dalai Lama will attend an interfaith meeting in the city and visit the Tibetan shrine in Lumparing.
The JSU Khliehriat Circle for the term 2023-2026 has been confirmed at a meeting held at the Community Hall Khliehriat West on Thursday.
The Prime Minister, if he wants to revive the department, should first fix the name of the department, so that it will be permanent and easier, to know the public and we have to remember, that until Now, no one knows the name of the electricity department, because after changing it from MeSEB, it was seen that it was written by MeECL and then there are cases when it was known by MePDCL. and then, if you search more and more, you will find that there are other names, which you don't remember at all.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the New Testament Restoration Church.
The District Magistrate, Garod Hills District, LSN Dykes on Saturday lifted the micro containment order imposed on 1st November at Thadialong village in Laskein Block after no new cases of COVID-1 -19.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah TW Chyne has sent his condolences to the family of I (L) Mihsalan Suchiang, former MDC/MDC of Jaintia Hills.
It is learned that 32 robbers have surrendered after the DGP of Assam Police – GP Singh has issued a strong warning against the robbers involved in illegal activities.
It is a shame for our village and we are pleased that on the 29th July, the Police have arrested those involved in the shooting.
In fact, a program has been scheduled for Bah Hek, who was Minister at the time of the statement earlier, to launch the programme.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie on Tuesday inaugurated the Smart Class and Computer Room of Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai in the presence of Alexander Syiem, Chairman of the Managing Committee. , Headmaster Bah B.Lyngdoh, teachers, students and others.
If he wins, he will be the leader who will protect the poor, the needy, the poor, the needy, the women, the elderly and the youth, without discriminating against anyone as usual. party in the past years".
East Khasi Hills has 50 new cases and West Khasi Hills has 5 cases.
On the same day, the Russian Defense Ministry announced that the recaptured areas are still in the hands of Russian and Ukrainian troops. They have not been able to withdraw Russian troops from the area despite their fierce fighting and resistance since the past until now.
He also advised the faculty of NEIGRIHMS to work to the best of their ability so that the trust of the patients of this area will remain in the Institute.
They were arrested in raids across Meghalaya, Assam and Karnataka.
Police have registered a case and are investigating the incident.
D Khonglam, Sports Officer, Sports and Youth Affairs Department was also present as the chief guest in the presence of SM Rapsang, DSO East Jaintia Hills, DSO West Khasi Hills Balarina. Syiem, the Sordar of Pyndengumiong, Bah Bornad Syiemiong, school children and others who also distributed the awards.
That night the shopkeepers in the traditional village market decided to close the main gate to enter the monolith and the next morning they did so and closed at 9 am , but they said that the management has requested them to open the door with the promise that they will call for a meeting on Tuesday and that they will rest on Tuesday and they will talk to them too. opened up.
“Since I was a child I have been playing Kungfu, my Kungfu Master is Mizo, I play Taekwondo and I went to training for 4 years while I was in school, I taught NunChaku for 15 years, I went to I teach Chain Stick, I teach woodworking, I also teach sword fighting,” said Champion.
Hundreds of leaders from Komphaduli, Kyrshai, Malangkona and others including RP Paliir, Freedom R Marak, Prelion R Marak, Sordar of Komphaduli Nongmynsaw Syiemship and others attended the meeting. Elders from the constituency including Khasi, Garo and others have attended the ceremony.
Or the Khasi people will be like the Indus Valley Civilization which remains only in history.
The residents of the village on the 15th went to search in the evening and found the vehicle which had left in the evening.
At the meeting, they mentioned the work that Bah Sylliang has done in Mawhati constituency as an MDC according to his small powers, and said that they have been able to promote him to the rank of MLA. Speaking at the meeting, James said that he has taken this candidate to contest the 2018 elections with the aim of bringing about development in the constituency.
There are those who have no meaning in both, but the first means one thing and the second means another, while the synrop of the two means another; for example, in the case of a tara- tari, it is a tool that doesn't have a syrti shiliang, and it doesn't have a stick; while tari tara means to prepare something.
The union also reminded that a letter has been sent to the Minister of Forest Environment and Border Area, Prestone Tynsong and to the Minister of PWD, Sñiawbhalang Dhar, during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma. The old government, but without reaching anywhere, it ended like that.
“You can eat in the past three years, but now that there are VPP MLAs, we will not eat ourselves and we will not allow others to eat...that is the goal of the VPP. .
The winner received T.25,000 while the runner-up received T.15,0
After returning from the break, Rangdajied started another style of play by starting to pass the ball from the right side and had many chances to score.
The scheme has been named and promoted by the prime minister alone and ignored by other government ministers, James said.
Shillong, November 08: Stefanie Dkhar from Mustoh, Shella, has won the title of Miss Living Roots 2022 organized by the Tourism Management Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Elaka on Friday evening. at the Tyrna football field.
The teachers appeal to the government to take action and release their remaining salary from November to November 2018 so that they too can to continue their work with a steadfast spirit.
First of all, there is people displacement and development.
The State Government can secretly appoint district councils and can also dissolve them if it wishes.
He said that from time to time there has been a dispute between these friends, in which the village and the church used to conduct visits to their families, in order to bring goodness in their household.
He said that the park is not a wildlife sanctuary but only a place to rescue animals brought by humans or caught from other places.
The 2,000-year-old seedlings were found in Judea and near Jerusalem, according to the report. There were only seeds and these too were in a few places.
Whatever the case, in this case, the 'mohkhiew u btuit'
In 2015-16, the Central Government has allocated T.1000 crore, in 2016-17 it has allocated only T.1 crore and in 2017-18 it has allocated T.500 crore.
Meanwhile, BJP senior leader Arun Jaitley today praised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for being a man of integrity. very great character.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 57 lakh with 86,508 new cases reported in the past 24 hours.
The deceased were identified as one from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
“ The incidents became more frequent and widespread.
They said that they can earn only three times a day but they have to pay for their work because of the management of the authorities.
Our Khasi Jaintia MP, V. Pala, was elected to Parliament.
Last year, Rupang sought information through the Information Act, but received a reply that the Act has not been implemented for more than four years. The Meghalaya Prohibition of Smoking and Non-Smokers Health Protection (Repealing) Act 2011, but no one has violated this Act.
Chamomile tea : This tea is a tea that can relieve physical stress and promote mental relaxation.
We will face many games in the future, especially to win the title again and I am ready to help the club to win more,” said Noguera.
“In the meeting with the CEM, he said that this is a very important issue as the District Council and he promised to take action on this and it is a matter that should be done immediately and we will meet with the DCA Minister. so that there shall be no trouble for the nation.
Yingphe Konyak, another spokesperson for the Konyak community, said Shah's remarks were an insult to him and said the AFSPA is the right to punish people and seize power. They demanded a complete stop to the violence against Nagas and the North East by treating them as the fourth gender.
On the other hand, the doctors said that they have not received any information that there is any disease in the cows.
Dolly Khonglah, Secretary Meghalaya Exporter and Importer Chamber of Commerce will be the chief guest at the concert.
This situation in the Khasi-Pnar society has caused many problems and increased poverty because the parents of the young woman who has given birth to a child have to live and look after the child along with the child. mother too.
If land is available, it will be extended to other areas.
What is more surprising is that NOTA, which did not campaign like the candidates, received more votes than the candidates who campaigned.
It is also the first time that the two have met in the final, in which both of them have struggled to win the games, but Rajawat, who has not missed a single game in the tournament, has won the title. by knocking out some of the skillful playing styles of the opponent in order to win in the end.
After the increase in the supply of electricity to households in the past eight years, after the factories worked all day, nine days a week, after the good economic situation, coal has become like a budlum.
Finally, the relic reached Sohra which is also a place chosen by God the Creator and it was clearly seen that the faithful of this area welcomed it with love and devotion. Fr.Patrick Nongrang and his team led by Fr.Patrick Nongrang and his team.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Thursday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to demand that he should convene a special session so that the government can introduce the The Meghalaya Regulation of Gambling Act 2021 has been repealed by the Legislative Assembly because the HITO does not agree to repeal it by ordinance alone.
Speaking to media, after leaving the office of the Minister, Jackson Sohtun, a member of the JAC, said that their visit to the Minister was on the issue of There is a fire in Ribhoi area, because the fire in that area is not only during the scheduled time, but the fire has exceeded the scheduled time.
“The people of the state should decide for themselves what they want to eat, what they want to wear and this is the foundation of the BJP,” he said.
Regarding the presence of these electrical polls, Kharlesborn Nongbri, President of the National Hynniewtrep People's Liberation Army (NPLF), while talking to reporters, said that the party and the people of Khasi Hills The company, which is constructing this road, should improve it so that the people can escape from the problems of transportation and income generation.
According to KHNAM, the old ILP is better than the new ILP and the government should introduce the old ILP.
In developed countries, people do not burn forests because they understand that deforestation is a great loss for human life as well as forty creatures.
He said that the ethnic parties need to unite to fight against these big parties like the Congress and BJP. Hindus to fight against the Congress for their vote bank, it is only the ethnic parties that have to fight for the protection of the nation,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, July 8: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has resolved the dispute over the post of Wahadadar in the Shella Confederation.
The FKJGP, ADE, AYWO, FAF and GSU led by Zikku Balgra N. Marak have sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma expressing various grievances. on the one hand leading to a violation of the usual equal recruitment process.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the Swachh Bharat Pledge was read out as part of the Swachh Bharat Pledge as part of the reminder of the duty of citizens in relation to maintaining a clean environment. you are the fire of nature.
The CSWO also expressed its concern over the increasing kidnapping of civilians and police by armed groups in Garo Hills.
It is learned that these days, the revenue department officials have followed up and found that Mukesh earns between T.60 lakh to T.1 crore per annum and now they have issued a notice. u, for not registering his shop with the GST and for not paying tax at all.
He said that this Act can only come into force if there is an amendment to the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution, which will be passed by the Parliament.
In Bihar, people have not stayed indoors but have gone outside and stayed outside to avoid injuries in case of another earthquake.
“We need to increase the employment opportunities of the rural people and it is very important to create jobs for the unemployed youth,” said Bah Toi.
The citizens of Meghalaya are friendly, friendly, polite and hospitable people.
In the final of the Under-19 category, Shillong College beat Loreto Convent 56-45 in the women's category and in the men's category, Shillong College won the title 56-4 Shillong College beat St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School 69-49 to win the title.
Dr Sangma said the complaint lodged by the Congress is only a threat to the people, but the TMC MLAs will continue to serve the people.
They are full of pride and go away empty-handed without receiving the blessings of God as Jesus said to the Pharisee.
Nongpoh: Two months after a heavy search operation, Ri Bhoi Police last night arrested a robber who was accused of robbing a quarter of a A nurse working at Umden PHC, which happened in the middle of the night on 22nd November
Despite the challenges around the world, India is one of the fastest growing economies.
Shillong: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed four Bills. The state shall not be allowed to seal the law.
I believe that the cultivation of kynphad in Khasi-Jaintia will revive the jain industry and that the Khasi-Pnars will not fall into the jain industry which is declining now.
The bloodshed in Manipur has come after the Meitei group demanded special recognition for ST status.
I believe that the reason for the weakness and instability in families in our country and nation is that we have strayed from what God commands.
On the second day, 27 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 4 people died, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
Two-wheeler vehicles should not exceed 4.5 percent carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon emissions, four-wheeler vehicles should not exceed 3.0 percent.
The ADE demands that the government should pay the salaries of the teachers as soon as possible so that they too can be free from any protests so that they can go to school in peace and provide proper education to the students.
However, before the ceremony, about two days before the ceremony, there was a dorbar of the Raid in which the Sordar, the Matabor, the elders and the elders left the house. They went to the judgment seat, to listen, to listen, and to ask for judgment from the Lord God, so that they could fulfill this thanksgiving once a year.
The price has increased to $3.7 million for the jersey worn by the LA Lakers star; who has won five NBA titles and two gold medals.
The UDP, HSPDP, PDF and VPP have nominated their own candidates, but have won only a few MLAs. 100 or 22% while the NPP alone received 31 out of 100 votes or 31%.
The festival will start at the same time at 11 pm across the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
“We know that many people these days go to hospitals for various illnesses.
Jowai, June 9: The Shad Sukra of the Sein Raij Tuber and Sein Raij Jowai has ended on Saturday and Sunday.
Sohra, Nohprah 23: As a sign of thanksgiving to God for the incarnation of Jesus Christ or the celebration of Christmas, the Mawphor office today, visited and celebrated the Borsing Syiem Children's Home, Mawsmai, Sohra.
He said that after they have approved, they have signed a strong soskular, in which all the landowners have signed and the soskular has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner for implementation. you don't have to.
When asked about the involvement of the NGOs in such incidents, the Prime Minister said, “I have not received a full report on this and I don't know what to say”.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 15: The District Mission Coordinator, SSA, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Station Head of Red FM, Samagra Shiksha will conduct a road show awareness campaign. South Asia FM LTD, Shillong.
The NPP has already announced that it will support the NDA candidate while other parties especially the ethnic parties like the HSPDP and NCP have not yet announced.
On the same day, Th Radheshyam, MLA and President, Abraham K Techi, Secretary General, North East Olympic Association also handed over the flag of the North East Olympic Association to the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor. Lyngdoh, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association, said that the ceremony was attended by Mr. John F Kharshiing.
Hek said he had received information that these cases were from West Garo Hills.
The political parties involved in the MDA Government can no longer wash their hands.
The present city of Shillong has been completely destroyed from top to bottom.
He also praised the youth who have come forward to donate blood which is a lifesaver for others who are in the midst of suffering and despair.
This survey will be completed on the first day.
My friend writes: Understand writes understan, write writes right, see writes C, take writes tek, wonderful writes wondarphul, tiger writes taikar, and so on.
Jowai, Nailur 19 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to one of the residents of Jowai, Rapmiki Sutnga, who came forward to donate a voluntary equipment to the Association. Stretcher' to be used when carrying injured players in football matches from the field.
Russian authorities say Ghani has fled the country with four vehicles loaded with money and a helicopter loaded with cash. amount.
(vi) Jesus came to earth by the Father’s commission, and those who kill him shall not have a soul, so he said, “Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit.
He said that the union strongly condemns the actions of the woman who expressed her opposition to the inspection and also to the Hima Mylliem, the Ministers who have given permission to build an illegal cleaning house for the sake of profit. private or Hima but without regard to the health of the people who use these water pipes for drinking and eating.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has extended the curfew in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station. Cantonment Beat House Areas (except those on the other side of Umshyrpi Bridge) for 13 hours, from 14th July 2018, starting at 5 pm until 8 pm and the curfew will start at 8 pm.
But what about commercial vehicle drivers? Most of them earn in the morning and afternoon to buy food in the evening.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the village leaders, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of the RBYF said that the RBYF is pleased that the meeting was a success. The RBYF will continue to support the demand of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area which has about 18 Khasi villages including 4 others. The Khasi villages which will submit a letter to the Prime Minister should be included in Meghalaya and not in Assam.
Hundreds of scientists agree that the coronavirus is airborne and that these viruses are in the smallest particles and can infect people who stay indoors. and therefore, they recommend that they wear masks or cover their mouths, even when sitting indoors.
One of these I would like to encourage you especially those who are interested in networking to join and work with the "Raising India Campaign" INESCO. “Indian trust Act 1882" , Registered no : 4/5 / 2020, Pan :AABTI760C , ISO certification 900-2015 ISO certified.
This was announced by the MLA of the party from Nongstoiñ constituency, Bah Diosstar Jyndiang.
Norway opened the scoring in the 53rd minute through Erling Haaland from the penalty spot.
There is a pulping machine that can do this better.
The Magistrate and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCB) have visited the company to conduct an investigation into the allegations that the produce pollutants and pollutants which affect the health of the people.
to be more than you who have given birth to children from npp bah Dap.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Ksehkohlong is in agreement with the elders from the neighboring villages, who are ready to think and give their opinions and to work together for the good.
Hyderabad: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Jagan Mohan Reddy was seriously injured when he was hit by a stone while driving in Vijayawada on Saturday.
Therefore, the church has decided to close the church immediately to avoid any inconvenience.
In the recent incident in Ulhasnagar, a 40-year-old woman died on 25th January and her body was wrapped in a blanket. They took the body so that they could see it for the last time and touch it before they went to bury it.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Meghalaya is a state where most of the people live in rural areas.
Shillong: There have been 425 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 421 recoveries and 2 deaths.
Therefore, it is an opportunity for the tourists of today to be able to use these 5 hotels which have halls and meeting places covering an area of ​​about 9130 sq.fts and three multi- functional conference rooms are not available with the latest technology.
Many years later this Golden Gate was closed in order to fulfill the prophecy – “This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened.
Also present on the occasion were Kong B Kostimai Jyrwa as the Chief Guest, Village Leaders and Leaders from the Lympung ki Seng Women.
She said that looking at the allegation of the director, he should know the rule to respond first to the employees to explain the stinginess of duty before punishment by withholding salary and dismissal. .
Senses: senses are the strength and ability of the mental body to work or carry; know that you feel in yourself what is happening as it should be.
The visit was also attended by the Village Leaders, residents and members of the Garo Students Union from Ri Bhoi Zone.
She said that after receiving a letter from the government, they will sit with the EC and if they have to cancel, they can cancel the strike.
Insulting the wives of others has led to handshakes between the elders and that too, at the Oscar Awards ceremony, which took place on Sunday night.
Regarding the lack of library, the FKJGP leaders expressed their concern over the government's neglect of West Khasi Hills not only the district library, but also the sports grounds, to roads, highways, education and others.
He said that the repair work is to clean up the parts of the bridge and to fill with dewbilat in those parts where there has been a collapse inside the bridge.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast that tomorrow, there may be heavy rain in some parts of the state.
Speech was also delivered by PW Ingty, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare.
Marngar said that if Hynniewtrep is still under the jurisdiction of the Government of India, the Government of India should immediately issue an Inner Permit to Meghalaya.
There are those who say that the Lyngngam are not Khasi.
He said that there are many people who have received negative test reports in the district, even though they have not gone for testing themselves. , there are 8,231 people whose mobile numbers are
They have now been able to occupy land and other privileges reserved for the tribes.
Two members of the JSM, Phrangki Chyrmang and Remius Rymbai, were present today.
Furthermore, the shopkeepers at the Bus Stand said that they have collected money from each other to buy water for the purpose of cleaning the road. pud you pump.
A 10 minute silence was also held in honor of the late journalist.
The meeting was convened specifically to reach the goal of nominating only one MP candidate from the MDA for the 1st Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and the 2nd Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Shillong: There have been 305 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 434 recoveries.
He said that the deceased had a three month old child and was the head of the household.
Sungoh said that as one of the residents of this area; The refusal to take part in this election is because these residents of this area do not benefit at all.
Regarding the awarding ceremony, Samla Johnny Nongrum, who is also the Sports Secretary of the KSU NKHD Unit, congratulated the KSU for welcoming these guests. you won this battle.
Genesis 2:7.
On Tuesday, 268 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District (FKJGP) on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of employment opportunities by some contractors. Tenders have been called by various government departments, but they have not received them, because all the jobs have been mushlia by the Ministers and MLAs. Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP NKHD and Bah Gabriel Sun, Education Secretary, said that the party has received Many complaints have been received from the contractors in Ri Bhoi, who have complained to the union regarding the problems they have found that they have been treated too harshly in the allocation of jobs or in the way of getting jobs in various government departments.
On the alleged rape of Dr. Sebok Buam, the DGP said that IG BSF MS Dhillon has confirmed that the investigation is ongoing and after that, they will consider taking action. you need it.
Lorenza won the bronze medal at the 2023 World Pankration Championships in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
On this occasion, the members of the HYC, were very angry over the sudden dismissal of these five Khasi youths, who have been working as security guards in this area for more than 10 years, but now they have not been arrested. suddenly evicted without good reasons.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Beh Dein Khlam festival in Jowai has started since yesterday and will end on the 16th of November.
On the day of Rilang, both of them climbed a high hill.
When a woman is old, she is like a small child.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Conrad K Sangma said the purpose of the Meghalayan Age Festival is to showcase the beauty of Meghalaya and to commemorate the discoveries of scientists. year of the world through a thorough study of the crematoria in the state.
The JHTOA urges the government to urgently establish a Blood Bank and not to ignore the demands of the JSU as it is the life and death of all of us in Jaintia Hills.
“Assam's action could lead to a process that will affect the border reconciliation process,” he added.
He said that he has accepted the Voluntary Retirement Scheme and will not contest the 2023 elections.
Bah SA Rynjah said that the results are fake, made by someone and spread on whatsapp, facebook but one of the problems of the police is to track down the people involved in this fraud. long because they have to ask for information from companies like Google, Facebook.
“I was really scared because I have never seen anything like this. I cried and apologized to them, but they didn't listen," she said.
This year, up to 12 Rots have been brought to Aitnar. After the arrival of all the Rots, the Khnong Blai has come down and destroyed all the Rots.
“Furthermore, Prof. Laloo has also criticized the Liang Pyrshah for not having any concern about the Adjournment Motion to be discussed in the House on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) and the deterioration of peace and order in the State.
(xi) to regulate by law hospitals, schools, colleges and universities run by private individuals or non-governmental organizations.
We also shouldn’t be surprised if various bridges suffer significant damage.
On the other hand, the owner of the factory said that the cause of the incident is unknown as it was a time when there were no people.
How are they leaders? How can people be accepted as leaders especially in politics? The answer to this question is that our vote does not help the society and our future.
The DTO of East Garo Hills, Gene Kelly G Momin, has been arrested by the Assam Police on charges of issuing illegal vehicle number plates to stolen vehicles and those who do not pay taxes.
The HYC has alleged that the dumping of factory waste is very high in Ladthadlaboh, Phramer and these waste flows into these two rivers.
He said that with power comes responsibility and this shows clearly that they have no intention of running away from their responsibilities.
The Minister said that this has created difficulties for the school authorities to repair the school quickly as the damage has been severe and especially as the rainy season is approaching.
The JSU has urged the DC to provide accommodation for the drivers of 108 vehicles as they are the frontline people to help or transport COVID-19 patients.
“If others can sell their products online why can't we and we should start now to showcase our products to the world so that you local entrepreneurs can stand on your own feet.
In this regard, James Sangma said that even the 17 acres of land at Umsawli is too small, but he will consult with other Government Ministers to relocate it. to a place like Mawpdang which falls under the New Shillong Township.
Meghalaya guest-professional Sanjay Yadav scored 7/85 including 3/61 in the first innings and 4/24 in the second innings.
As time goes by, many people have started to suffer from the Covid-19 pandemic.
Marbisu SC scored the first goal of the match, in which Laitkor SC, without using their skills and strength, fought hard to score the first goal of the match. this is the goal that you have won.
The tournament was inaugurated by former Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer, Kmenlang Shylla at a short meeting conducted by Da-u-ni Phawa in the presence of several village elders and supporters. term.
Stand firm, you who are brave, and don't let evil overtake you.
On the other hand, the SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that the police have been conducting a search operation for these robbers since Tuesday last month.
Polish tennis star Iga Swiatek has been included in the list along with ATK Mohun Bagan, Classic Football Academy and Sports Authority of India-RC. The Madrid Open has once again dominated the tournament to qualify for the fourth round of the Madrid Open.
Indeed, no protest is immune from the price of losing one's life.
He said that the second phase of the strike by the deficit teachers will be intense and this strike will inevitably affect the upcoming MBOSE examination.
Therefore, in order to keep the Nala clean, the Seng Longkmie Mawroh, has also requested the Nongpoh Town Committee and the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, to take action. to bring about cleanliness not only in the Nala, but in the city as a whole.
Mookyndur SC won an unexpected victory in all the minutes of play, but through extra time, Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal in the 90+6 minutes. Mukhla Evergreen beat Mukhla Evergreen by 1 point in the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Jowai.
Five persons were taken to Pynursla CHC for treatment but due to the severity of their injuries, they were rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong. i baby to get proper care.
BJP President Amit Shah announced at a meeting that his party will provide accommodation to minorities from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan in India.
In conclusion, u Bah Gigur appealed to the people not to mistakenly think that the NPP is a Garo party, but it has become one of the parties that has received the title of Garo party. The National Party is recognized by the Government of India.
These companies, which have been signed by the government, will start their training visits to different parts of the state starting from the Block and Villages where the first batch will start from July. The training will be completed in July next year.
It may be recalled that the KSU has also demanded from the government not to implement the Roster System since 1972 and the implementation should be from now on.
The heavy rainfall has also caused flooding in many parts of the road, but the most affected is the school where the flood has entered the school rooms and also the residences of the Brothers. and also the temple of the servants of God.
For colleges especially those that have agreements with Central Universities, students and institutions should be prepared and well informed on all aspects and should register for the CUET examination. especially those who wish to enroll in colleges and agree to Central Universities.
Shillong, Nailur 8: A grave bearing the name of Bah Tira Jait Nongbri, could collapse at any time and the grave, which is located on the other side of the Seng Khasi School. and in front of the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church, Jaiaw, which is also on the boundary of the Jaiaw Lumbatemon Dorbar.
It can change even God when you truly change from bad to good.
Perhaps there are those who say that this is not the way or the nature of God.
After the protest of the taxi drivers, the DTO, SP Traffic has allowed them to continue their daily operation from the village to the city and from the city. to the countryside.
Without hearing any discussion between the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Durbar and the MLAs and MDCs in Ri Bhoi, through the meeting held at Nongthymmai Umsning, but through the speech of Bah RB.Shadap, it is understood that the meeting was held at Nongthymmai Umsning. The main issue of the meeting was to demand from the state government to upgrade the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit to a Civil Sub-Division.
The Minister said the government needs the cooperation of teachers to achieve this goal once again.
“We express our deep sorrow over the death of Vikash Nandwal and strongly condemn the robbers involved in his death,” said Irene. They will cooperate in this 12 hour curfew.
Shillong, March 3: Police at Pastuer Beat House on Tuesday received a complaint that a minor girl has gone missing from her home and her family members suspect that she has been abducted by Anil. Haque who lives in Pynthorumkhrah.
The peace committee will also include political party leaders, religious leaders, village leaders and others.
Thus, this special day was called Good Friday.
He said that the police have conducted patrolling and searched the vehicles.
“The defeat is not because of the MLA, the people can accuse him of being stingy but the party has seen the hard work of the MLA,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The question is, can the Government of India defeat the Government of India? Why don't you put this case in the courts? Only here too, the implications of this work are not understood.
When the Salesian Society of Don Bosco founded this college, the purpose was “To bring college education to those who have no opportunity and who are still low income.
The DMHO has promised to the union that it has already sent a letter to the Medical Health Officers to send a proposal regarding the shortcomings of these sub centers so that it can take the necessary action and open them. These sub centers have been closed, said Bah Lambhalang Mawthoh, General Secretary of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle.
Harley and Henry were seen lifting their legs to allow Hugo, who is only five months old, to climb on top of them and eat. , which was thrown in the kitchen.
In today's world, it is not easy to win elections or to satisfy the wishes of the people.
However, the court granted bail to Rahul Gandhi for 30 days to appeal against the verdict.
The KHADC has decided to hand over to the government to conduct the festivals through qualified teams as it has faced difficulties in the two festivals that have already been held at this venue.
Therefore, the organization on that day has donated tins, trees, lyntang, tables, benches, whiteboards and other necessities through the cooperation of the members to donate voluntarily.
If we read Acts 9:1ff (terter) we find that Saul of Tarsus, who persecuted Christians, God created the environment.
Six days after the announcement of the public meeting of the 6 Dorbar Shnongs; The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government has immediately provided for the needs of PHC Mawryngkneng.
In the past, people used to try to find ways to send letters or messages or buy cameras just to take pictures.
Regarding the demand of NEPMU to release several petrol truck drivers who have been arrested by the state police for involvement in petrol theft, Bah Peter Passah explained to the leaders of NEPMU. NEPMU said that this case is not under the jurisdiction of the government, but it is the duty of the court to do whatever is necessary to find out the facts of those involved and also to punish such cases.
He said that there are also six polling stations where there has been a mistake by the presiding officer to clean up the mock polls, which is done before the start of the polling.
“Even though as an MLA, I shouldn't have gone out on the road to regulate the traffic because it is the responsibility of the police, but with concern for the concerns of many people, I can't help but talk for the sake of the people. He said that the busiest time of traffic jam in the area is from 8 pm to 11 pm and 5 pm to 7 pm.
These medicines have been distributed to all schools since 2012 as directed by the Government and we have received them from the State Government. Dr. Bamon said that these 54 children who have been infected have been taking these drugs regularly. However, this time the children have become ill and the symptoms of the illness are gastritis, fever, headache and weakness.
“Because the Iewduh is a small market, the reopening of the Iewduh will endanger the state, because here in Iewduh people come not only from Hynniewtrep, but from other states. “It is difficult for the government authorities to take care of those who enter and leave the market,” said M.Marwein.
However, as of now, NEHU has not been able to start the construction of adequate schools at Jowai Campus as approved by the UGC. Jowai Campus because the Union does not want to see the backwardness of NEHU as happened in Moodymmai in the past years.
Do new activities : This is one of the ways to relieve stress.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Mawlynnong, which has been named the cleanest village in Asia, has now appeared in a world-renowned tourism book. Lonely Planet.
Vivek Gurung scored half of Arunachal's five goals against Bhutan.
“I don't have any discussion with Bah Hek, I don't have such a thing,” said Bah Kharsati. he was made man.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: U Wom Pyrtuh, a man from Moorap, West Jaintia Hills, has been shot dead on the 28th of this month. The incident happened at Wah Myntang, West Jaintia Hills District but fortunately he was still injured and was rescued by the people of Mukhla village.
We don't talk about the Chairman's side, because that's another matter, but we talk only about the AD Rules,
However, MDA-2 is now a member of the Cabinet.
Nelson Krem scored the first goal for Chutwakhu in the 7th minute.
He said that at the recent meeting, they discussed how to develop the indigenous people and the indigenous people in terms of their income to develop the indigenous people. It is the goal ahead, but we will not support the demand for Tripraland.
Some of the residents, while speaking, said, “It may be that the PHE employees have faced difficulties due to the restrictions on the driving of vehicles to Mawphlang. There is a Monolith Festival,” said some of the residents.
“In fact, Shillong should have had such an airport long ago but it has not succeeded yet,” he said.
However, she urged us to be careful and not to believe what happens on social media.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) has decided not to take part in the strike under the banner of the Joint Action Committee. The JACATAM will be held from the 11th to the 13th of November.
In the balance beam, Ruffina Malngiang won gold in Cat 1, Sai Bakor Tariang in Cat 2, Josephine Warjri in Cat 3 and Wandalang Magdalene in Cat
When inquired about the storm, Bur Khongtyngkut, Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrnga, said that the storm struck on Thursday night at 8 pm. , which damaged many households near Umtyrnga village.
The price of gold in the UAE is Rs 4,410 per gram, Bangladesh is Rs 4,600 per gram and India is Rs 5,121 per gram.
New Delhi, Lber, 21: A few months before the Lok Sabha elections, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and leader of the Aam Aadmi Party has been arrested. Enforcement Directorate on allegations of corruption in the Liquor Policy.
Before going to the night, let us go aside – there is a saying that a country and a nation that forgets its geography and history can reach the point of disappearing from the face of the earth.
Iranian authorities on Thursday arrested three people for allegedly attacking and killing members of the security forces amid protests over the death of Mahsa Amini in u last year.
The price of rice has increased by two percent, while it has reached the hands of the buyers.
It is for this reason that all the government run companies, from MeECL to MCCL, have failed.
The four suspects who fled the scene include Sadhan Jamatia, Sunaram Boro, Suresh Boro and Noba Baruah from Assam. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Angelina is studying at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
To check the weather and to enter the house if you hear the sound of thunder or lightning.
The court has looked into the current situation and the state has spent a lot of money for almost a year to build roads and the state's efforts have failed and it is necessary to call The Central Armed Police Forces (CAFF) to monitor and stop the ongoing illegal coal mining in the state.
However, they gave a decree until Caesar Augustus of old, that all the children of the church should offer sacrifices, so that they and their children could eat peacefully.
If this is the case, it is better to abolish the District Council.
Because whenever we elect such leaders we are involved in money and temporary wealth, even until we are willing to sell our future, honor and rights just for money.
In the first semi final of Sailung Ialong SC, Sailung Ialong SC beat Nangbah Iawmusiang 9-0 goals. Batskhem Dhar scored in the 19th and 21st minutes, Dau-ruhi Pale in the 45th, 47th, 55th, 63rd, 75th and 85th minutes.
Regarding the allowance of heavy vehicles from the Damsite Bridge, Prestone said that to avoid traffic jam, heavy vehicles have been allowed to pass only at 9:00 pm. 00 pm to 6 pm and the weight should not exceed 40 MT. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the construction of highways is under the jurisdiction of NHAI, not the department. PWD, of the State Government, but he has already directed the NHAI to repair these damaged roads.
South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma has questioned whether there is a misunderstanding between the Prime Minister's office and the PWD Minister. Mukul said that this is not the case but the PWD department needs to seek information from the district authorities as this area is related to the peace and stability of the country.
Ltd, that Grover Carbonic Pvt.
India is bringing about strong social and economic infrastructure that reduces our carbon footprint along with lifting people out of poverty.
In memory of these heroes, the Garo Labor Corps Day was celebrated in a peaceful manner in which the lyndans laid flowers at the monument erected at Babupara, Tura and by firing guns into the air. and by offering prayers for these dead souls.
I will meet with various officers working in the Home Departments of the Central Government.
The opposition parties include the JSM, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the East Jaintia Circle, the East Jaintia National Council and the Meghalaya People's United Front.
He said that on Thursday alone, three cases have been confirmed and two have recovered but no one has been admitted to hospital. .
At this meeting, a special prayer was also offered for him so that he will be able to have a strong and healthy body as the days go by.
The Basan and Syiems of Shillong Hima used to go together on horseback to the Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) to meet the villagers and the Raid rulers and usually they used to meet at the Sad House of Recho Dumura (Syiem). Dumria Raid).
The winner received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy while the runner-up received T.10,000 and a trophy.
Speaking to reporters, Pangniang said that Diengdoh has been suspended from the post of Sordar due to many complaints and allegations against him. He said that this is because the KHADC wants to allow the investigation to continue.
People set fire to the vehicle while it was parked on the side of the road by detonating a petrol bomb and it caught fire.
The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawthadraishan Circle, after receiving the request from the villagers, have taken action and have already submitted a letter to the EE of PWD Mairang, to They also talked to the government to turn its attention to the village, by allocating funds for the construction of the road, so that the people can escape from the problems.
Jowai, March 03 : The Rotary Club Jowai, one of the NGOs for contributing to good deeds in the community, on Tuesday held an Appreciation & Recognition Award program for the Department of Rotary Club Jowai. He also thanked the Home Guard and Civil Defense Department, West Jaintia Hills for their hard work in curbing the spread of Covid-19 in the past two years.
Shillong: Sohra has received 70.0 millimeters of rainfall in the last 24 hours, while the maximum temperature was 22.7 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 15.0 degrees Celsius.
There are 3835 service voters, 11,179 persons with disabilities, 23,793 persons over 80 years, 10,345 persons over 85 years, 5 NRIs according to the final electoral roll released on the 5th. Short term 2024.
“This is the first time for Tura to host these events along with the Olympics, and as an athlete, I can say that Tura will raise the talent and we are ready to accept this.
The French came in the past only to steal, and after stealing they fled.
Shailendra K.Singh, Chairman MOOCs, NEHU and Dr. Quendarisa Kharbuli, SWAYAM Co-Ordinator, NEHU, Shillong were the resource persons at the workshop.
However, on our part, we the four parties, we will continue to look into these development issues for the benefit of many,” he concluded.
Through this raid, after the KHADC Police found that many of them did not have Trading Licence, the Enforcement Police issued a Show Cause Notice of 10 or 15 days to them. they must have a Trading License.
Therefore, as a starting point, the government should not issue gun licenses to the people living in areas where there are still skei, wild boars, wild boars and others.
The sordar was angry with the daily traffic jam and reminded the government to do something but no reply has been received yet.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 11: The Village Employment Committee (VEC) of Lahaleiñ village led by the Secretary Bah Laiman Dkhar and the Chairman Bah Sparly Pohtam has implemented a The Fish Eco Hatchery can produce up to 10 million fish seedlings per annum.
The miraculous power of Jesus Christ is so powerful that believers around the world who have followed and entered the Christian faith have become so strong that they have been able to spread.
“The purpose of the SP's visit to the SP's office is to lodge a complaint against Rumi Chowdhury from Assam. I don't know,” said Mr. Nongkynrih.
“In front of us, he called the Chief Engineer to clear space for the statue inside the stadium but to build a statue of Tirot Singh,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden Marbaniang, in connection with this incident, appealed to the district authorities especially the state government to take action. He said that the government should provide immediate assistance to these households before the tragic incident happens.
On Saturday, they held a meeting to distribute shatri to the school children of Amkoi.
The group reportedly became friends with the Khasi girl on Facebook under the name of Owen Galvin.
However, there is a difference with the incident that happened in 1988 when heavy rains destroyed many crops and destroyed many crops and destroyed roads.
The incident occurred when the driver lost control of the vehicle.
The damage caused by the incident was estimated at T.10 tyngka as all the money in the house including gold and other belongings of the house was destroyed.
Attendees are kindly requested not to throw paper, plastic, food foil etc. along the road as well as in the parking lots and seating areas; but to keep all the surroundings clean.
Shillong, October 1: U Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, MDC from Sohra Constituency, today was elected as the Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any opposition.
The case of Geeta Sangma has also been mentioned in the Supreme Court when such cases of violence by the police against those in police custody have arisen.
Israel believes that many of Hamas' members and senior leaders are in the Gaza Strip and that Israel intends to launch a final attack on the area so that it can send rule by its own troops the city of Gaza as it had planned from the beginning of the occupation of Gaza.
This comes after the government has approved to set up an Expert Committee to look into the change in the employment quota in the state.
However, this has not happened to this day.
Bah Kyrmen Shylla as the Chief Guest requested Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar to help in providing a good road to the Khlaw Blai or the Sacred Forest which is about 2 kilometers from the National Highway Tuber. to provide comfort to those who visit this place.
After the HSPDP Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency has handed over and sent to all 38 primary units to select the candidates from among the 7 ticket applicants for the election to the KHADC, from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Out of the 38 PUs who took part in the election, 31 PUs have submitted their decisions at a meeting held at the District Council office in Nongstoin.
“We are very pleased that the Prime Minister has declared Mairang a district and we expect that he will soon declare Sohra,” he said.
In a statement, the ACC confirmed that the tournament will operate through a hybrid model; Pakistan will host four matches while the remaining nine matches will be played in Sri Lanka.
Guwahati police said Sandip Kambli, a car dealer in Pune, had a close relationship with Anjali Shaw, who worked at a restaurant at Kolkata airport. a close relationship with Bikash Shaw and it was reported that Sandip had urged Anjali to marry him; However, Anjali has stopped her relationship with Sandip, while Sandip continues to have a relationship with her.
Deibormi Rngad and Sanvert B Kurkalang took three wickets each for Langsning.
November 09: The Rural Mart of Mawlaidong VO of Kynshi Mawria Village was inaugurated on the 8th of this month by the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, IAS. BDO Mawthadraishan, Bah L. Myrthong, MCS, officers of NABARD, NRLM, MSRLS and members of SHGs from Kynshi Mawria and surrounding villages were present.
(2) By your power.
These employees were tested first on the 11th of November and then on the 17th of November, where they tested negative for the disease, but were tested again three times. These employees of the hospital and there, were found to have the disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 19: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) in collaboration with the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) will hold a The ASEAN Music Festival will be held on the 22nd of this month at NEHU Campus Shillong.
The BDO, together with the Rani Border Out Post Police, rushed to the scene but were stopped on the way to the village due to the fall of trees.
The first to express this demand was Mr. Clifford R. Marak, former MLA from Garo Hills (Chokpot).
According to an order issued by the HR Department of Meghalaya Cements Limited, the company has immediately dismissed these two employees from today.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has renewed its office bearers on November 15 at a meeting held at Rizwan Hall, Khliehriat East.
The increasing light outages, the load shedding, the debt of hundreds of crores of rupees and the government has not even tried to sell it to the private sector.
But I have brought you to judgment.
The purpose of creating and composing this song is to convey to the people of the state that it is the grace of God that they have been able to produce a well written song and sing.
Bengaluru police yesterday conducted a three-hour search for the house and the date of the incident is still unknown. police.
He said that it was during this protest that the leading leaders including Bah Hoover and Bah Hoping were arrested in Shillong.
Explaining that some of those who get the disease suffer from brain, kidney or kidney problems, Dr. Kyndiah urged the patients to be vigilant if they find that the disease is too severe. On the second day, they find that their weight is low and they sleep slowly at night.
The Enforcement Directorate, which arrested Balaji in connection with the alleged corruption in the State Transport Department, has approached the Supreme Court against the order of the Madras High Court.
“After I won in 2018, the people have already said that it is necessary to contest the MDC election in 2019 so that the supporters will not disperse.
“When Herod saw that he had been deceived by the wise men, he was very angry.
Referring to peace and order, the UDP in its agenda has set a target to strengthen the police force by filling all the vacant posts. There is no other group to look after and monitor only the border areas whether between states or neighboring countries.
“We request the people who come to respect each other whether in their language or in their deeds,” said a statement from Bah I Diengdoh, Secretary Shad Lyngdoh.
Confirming this, NPP Meghalaya President Dr WR Kharlukhi said that so far those who have been confirmed to join the NPP are Rowel Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat, Prestone from Pynursla and Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang. and Ngaitlang Dhar from Umroi from the Congress while two other independent MLAs are Stephanson Mukhim from Amlarem and Hopeful Bamon from Sutnga-Shangpung.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by PT Sawkmie (Congress), said that the pig farming mission in the state was launched on the 10th of this month. July 2020, where the amount of T.16,70,92,000/- for Co-operative Societies has been allocated.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs in the Synrai Dorbar of the State Legislative Assembly, has estimated that there are more than 2500,000 cases related to robbery and robbery. against women and children registered in Meghalaya in the last four years.
Speaking to reporters, Samuel Sangma said, “I have resigned as an MLA and joined the BJP.” He added, “I am an MLA before, now because I will “The BJP has done well all over India, that's why our state Meghalaya has “I don't have any development projects and that's why I joined the BJP,” he said.
This was stated by Ma Sñiawbhalang, Working President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is MLA from Nartiang Constituency, while addressing a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) for all seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills at Jrisalein Chutwakhu Square, Jowai on Thursday.
However, the family members and Khasi residents of Mumbai said that he was tied on the head with a silver stick and was not stopped on the train.
Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri-Bhoi, expressed his gratitude to these leaders for their willingness to join the UDP. It will empower the candidate and the UDP party in Mawhati Constituency to prepare for the elections.
The students of the college who passed well in the examinations were also honoured.
The High Court recognized the hard work of the state government, and especially the government's willingness to take action on this issue.
Shillong, Nailar :Ka Maitshaphrang through Bah Michael N.Syiem has put forward a proposal for the immediate implementation of the Compulsory Registration of Marriage in our society and also the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral and Self. Acquired Property,' to empower all the sons and daughters of the household so that they can look after their own children tomorrow and also their parents especially in their old age and this will also be the beginning to strengthen the spirit of struggle of the Hynniewtrep people for the struggles that we will face in the future.
His contributions to the Seng and the Jaidbynriew will never be in vain and his founding of the HNLC has already become part of history”.
Free assistance of up to T.2 lakh will be provided to the villages to set up homestays and provide training in tourism,” he added.
Shillong, July 18: The Cabinet meeting today decided to allocate land to the Shillong College at Laitumkhrah for the purpose of expanding the facilities in the field of education.
George said that according to Charles' statement, he is speaking as a private person who has made it clear that if the TMC contests the Lok Sabha MP election, his name is already available but he has not. don't say that you have already taken a decision.
When asked about the difference between MM Dango and Rowell as government ministers, the MBCC leader said that he cannot say anything because they have their own skills and their own role but they are They have worked hard for the district and they have also worked hard to make Mawkyrwat a district.
India is the fastest growing economy in the world.
The award was presented on Sunday at a ceremony held at the Istanbul Lütfi Kirdar International Convention and Exhibition Centre.
Other programs will be announced later,” said Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP.
From here the road runs from the square and khongwaiñ until it reaches and crosses the Wah Tham which is known as the Wah Umsaw in the upper parts of the road. I'm not sure if it's true or not.
As an MLA, he urged the people to continue to cooperate for many development projects and expects that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state will continue to do so. He added that the government will continue to provide development projects for the people of Ri Bhoi and Jirang Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that nothing can be said yet as the government has not yet held a meeting to discuss the issue especially after Che proposed to become the who is ready to be a ksiang to invite other members of the party leaders to join the government.
He said the filmmakers have spent a lot of energy and money to shoot and write the film.
In this regard, they demanded that the police should immediately punish the people involved in this case according to the law.
Shillong, July 10: A coal miner has been killed after an illegal coal mine collapsed in East Jaintia Hills District on the 9th of this month.
Conrad Sangma also urged the youth to take advantage of development projects especially sports grounds and to use their talents properly, not to get involved in sports and evil deeds. Through this stadium and other projects to come, it will promote sports in the district and the state as a whole.
We often enjoy the saying that the nation comes first and the religion comes later: which means the nation comes first and the faith in God or religion comes later.
When this news came out, the opposition also demanded that the Assembly should not set up an Inquiry Committee.
Before these soh ki pai, the shynrai from Lakadong had reached some of the cities of the more prominent countries.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has announced the curfew to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the District from July 3 until further notice. the market is not sold in the market.
Speaking to reporters that these are the same people who were against the Syiem in the past who are now stirring up again, the minister said, “These are the 5/6 militants who have kidnapped 5 people, 3 ministers, The Chief Minister (who was not yet the Chief Minister at that time in 2007) and a Nepali thought they had won, but at that time Pa'iem Latho won by only 10 votes. .
“The allegation is based on the Detailed Project Report (DPRs) which is not true,” said Bah Syiem.
They said that the existing employees had worked for the company for many years but the sudden dismissal has put them in a difficult position.
The Minister also explained that the question asked in the Synrai Dorbar 2022 was on the expenditure from the Central and State Governments and thus the answer given was T.76.56 crore in the House.
However, it is now difficult to export to Assam or elsewhere due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The Award will include a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka and each winner will receive a Trophy/Citation and Certificate.
He said that the Shnongkansa should take action in this regard and also to send a letter to the PWD department, to look into and take action so that the road can be improved for the sake of peace in the future.
One of them is a shopkeeper in Anjalee, while the other two are unknown.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari spoke about his works which have become famous not only in India, but also in the literary and social circles around the world, especially in Europe. .
The exhibition is not only to showcase the agricultural products of Meghalaya, but also to honor the hard work of the farmers and the richness of the agricultural products of Meghalaya.
Maraku said the main demands are to implement new subjects, to introduce more higher education, and to introduce honor subjects in the commerce department, to create more jobs in the departments. to appoint a full time principal and vice-principal and others.
On the other hand, the KSU has demanded that the government should not implement the Roster System.
They also explained that the allegation that they are foreigners shows that they are Meghalayans, but they are living outside the State these days.
The reason why they walk lyngkhuit is because they don't have enough protection, whether it's masks or helmets and they believe that the lack of protective equipment puts them at risk from the disease. coronavirus disease.
What is surprising is that by November 2023, some of these same Principals in the MCPC have turned dientrai and nguid jutang.
The party is also hopeful that although two MLAs including Bah Hamletson Dohling and Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong have joined the NPP, the PDF still has two MLAs like Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. Bah Gavin M.Mylliem who are still standing firm on their own grounds to save and strengthen the Mombati of the PDF. KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum has resigned and joined the Voice of the People Party led by Ardent Basaiawmoit.
She said the Commission has already issued a notice to the Chief Secretary to send a complete report to the Commission within 15 days.
The Congress has also promised to free Meghalaya from corruption, the Congress has also promised to free the state from the power outages and will take action to free the state from the corruption. drugs.
Two MDCs, Aibor Shadap MDC Barato and Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat Khanduli, arrived at the scene on Monday in the presence of Khanduli Village Leaders and other Village Leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that he hopes that next month, the Central Government will be able to release the salaries of the teachers. SSA teacher and I think the salary to be released will be for 2 months.
The UDP has formed a synrop with the HSPDP, known as the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to field a joint candidate for the election.
The chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) has warned that the Israeli government has already approved a direct offensive on the Gaza Strip and that the offensive could begin today.
Your voice vote is more important than your Lapse.
The inspection found that the coal, which passes through these areas, is fresh and the finding will be brought to the attention of the Supreme Court.
Regarding the allegation that there is no audit of the money, it is not true because exactly 0241 has to be submitted to the NDB. he that speaketh without truth.
We have also seen the support of the residents of Nongpriang.
He said that Meghalaya has bought tons and tons of fish from abroad because it cannot produce itself but the state government has set a target to work hard for this so that the state can meet its own needs. fish.
“The Government is keen to include the suggestions and approvals through the holding of an education symposium to continue to develop in the field of higher education.
Our ancestor, the Truth, has now fled to the forest because people no longer allow her to live together in the home, in the village, in the churches, in the khaddar rule and so on.
Despite the heavy rain, the school has been able to complete all its programs today as scheduled.
Shillong: The Dongsurok (Wahtongum) in Laitryngew village has been without electricity for nearly a month from the 27th of July to the 21st of this month.
Especially in the rural areas, there are still many vacant land for the construction of community halls and offices.
“They didn't show my whole speech but they cut out a little bit to spread on social media,” said Bah Samlin.
The judge said that Meghalaya is also bound by Articles 158, 173 and 191 of the Constitution of India, which is included in the 6th Schedule of the Constitution which allows for the creation of District Councils, in which the elected leaders are paid a salary from the public funds.
Ways to ensure nutrient availability: Consumption: Do not include more than the body needs.
The death toll from malnutrition in Chhapra has risen to 22 today. 16 of them are under 10 years old and studying between Class I to Class V. Four of them died at Patna Medical College Hospital last night and two died this morning at Patna Medical College Hospital.
Teams A and B include the staff of the institution.
Furthermore, the SNSBH urges the people not to be influenced by these political activities of the Prime Minister but to support the Union's call to march on the 30th to demand the rights of the people. and at the same time to demand the resignation of the Prime Minister and his Ministers.
NEIMA is a child welfare organization and does not have any source of income but through donations from various groups and individuals.
Murdoch's marriage to Zhukova came after he divorced retired police chief Ann Lesley Smith; in June of last year.
Sudan's Health Ministry in a report released on Saturday said that up to 3,000 civilians have lost their lives alone as a result of the violence between the two groups. this has also affected the economy of this country.
Bah Staising Kharbteng was the chief guest at the tournament and opened it to the public.
He gave examples of Assam and Tripura which are now facing problems where foreigners are the rulers while the villagers are becoming low paid.
Beed has not had a leader since July, following the death of Gopinath Munde in a car accident in July, while Kandhmal MP Hemendra Chandra Singh (BJD) has passed away. month.
The investigation also found that there was no illegal mining of coal that had reached these illegal factories in Shallang.
In addition, the school has a book bank where children from poor families can collect books from the school at a reasonable price.
Nowadays there are many Khasi-Pnar youths who know how to run such companies.
However, ICC Chairman Greg Barclay has recently announced that Saudi Arabia has expressed its desire to play cricket in the country.
“Since 1987, I have never known that students will be among the top students in the examinations. It is the duty of the school and the students to work hard to regain their position. this reputation it used to hold," he said.
This announcement came after receiving a reply from the office of the Registrar (incharge) of NEHU, Prof.SK Dixit regarding the vacancy of teachers and teachers. staff within this university.
Alan Sun Marbaniang and Wandalin Syiemiong were represented by the Meghalaya Police, while Kishore Chettri, Airikmen Shabong and Senibi Syngkli were represented by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
“I cannot decide yet because I have to consult with my leaders and supporters in the constituency,” said Alexander.
Most of these kinds of leaders are taking advantage and selfish and going to deceive and deceive the people. They have joined the non-government party to provide more assistance and benefits to the people.
“For this reason, we have decided to suspend all the activities in the state while this system is not in place,” said the two Hon'ble Judges in the order issued today.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the government is committed to making Meghalaya a fruit wine producer of India.
Marian Hill H/S School beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 3-0 while Ummulong Presbyterian High School beat Ialong Secondary School 2-0
He said that yesterday when officials from the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, who wanted to inspect the garbage inside the company in the presence of members of the company, The Waheh Shnong and the Magistrate from the DC's office tried to phone the company but they didn't open the gate. They didn't take the phone, so they had to leave without being able to enter the company.
Of the 506 converts, 241 were Christians or Muslims who had converted to Hinduism, while 144 people had become Muslims and 119 had become Christians.
Two decades ago, the difference was truly extreme compared to today.
In the Under-17 Girls category, Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School beat Jaintia Higher Secondary School Under-17 by 4-0 Public Secondary School beat Achievers Secondary School 3-1 in the tie breaker and in the final match between Jowai Government UP & RMSA School and Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School ended in a draw. Jowai Govt. scored the penalty.
The villagers alleged that the reason for the inclusion of the area in Assam is because during the talks on the border settlement, the officials from Meghalaya and Assam did not consult the villagers. for determining the facts of the boundary.
Meanwhile, members of the KSU led by General Secretary Samla Donald V Thabah have blocked the IFCAI campus at Dhanketi, Malki today to protest against the failure of the KSU. IFCAI to ensure the safety of the students of the state at IFCAI Agartala.
Shillong: The number of cases of Japanese Encaphalitis (JE) in West Garo Hills has risen to 15 so far today, following the confirmation of 13 new cases. The disease was reported yesterday.
Last month, 9 people died and later two more people died and two more people died due to serious injuries from the factory explosion. A bomb was illegally detonated at Egra in East Midnapore district.
The Leader of the Opposition also criticized the NPP-led MDA government for delaying the appointment of teachers.
“Such an allegation of corruption has not reached my ears but I would like to say that if there is any allegation, it should be through the right channels by bringing complaints in writing and evidence. “I don't believe the rumors from the right and if there is such an allegation, we are ready to look into it to find out the truth,” he said.
Before the issuance of the EVMs, when voting through Ballot Papers, voters could cast their ballot papers inside the box without marking anyone. u kyrtong, which states that he or she has rejected all the candidates.
Shillong: The total number of voters in the state has reached 21,61,129, of which 10,68,801 are male voters, 10,32,926 are female and 2 are female. transgender.
Carmo Naron in his speech, called for the cooperation of the community, the church and various government departments to bring about discrimination against children especially those with disabilities.
“Satpator District has the Nohkawang Valley and the Pubon Creek at Syndai, the Beach at Pasadwar,” said Bah Rymbui. implementation of projects to promote tourism as we have seen in the past years the Government has already allocated funds in many places in War Jaintia but the problems arise due to the fact that there are some areas that are closed. to complete these tourism activities.
Announcing this, the Joint Secretary of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, urged the deficit teachers from all the 23 Zones of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to attend the celebration from 10:30 AM. “We urge all deficit school teachers from Khasi and Jaintia to attend the general meeting of KJSDSTA from 10:30 AM to elect the office bearers and the 35th Anniversary of KJSDSTA. at 1 pm on that day,” said Babu Khongjirem and added that the teachers should take this as an information to them.
Ajay then asked whether Rule 128 of the Assam-Meghalaya Autonomous District Council (AMADC) Rule 1951 has been amended under the VAB Act. The rule applies to the MDC elections, not to the Dorbar Shnongs.
They are: (i) Mylliem 65,153 (ii) Khyrim 48,467 (iii) Maharam 17,573 (iv) Nongkhlaw 15,627 (v) Nongstoin 13,155 (vi) Kuw, Sohra 1 India and the Khasi State became independent from the British on 15th August
The day was enriched by the song Ri Khasi-Ri Khasi by the students of Mawlangwir, a dance by the PHL Group and a special song by Fedrick Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
This jhur has strong antibacterial properties, reduces inflammation, and also helps prevent infectious diseases.
Niaw Wasa United have won the Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
It is learned that the threat was not by letter but by mobile phone. On the phone, it was said that if they delivered the money they would escape from being kidnapped.
The branch manager of the bank, Paban Kumar Das, has lodged a complaint with the Saipung Police Station.
“We need to be smarter in all areas, and we will do it all for the sake of peace.
The photograph of the VEC secretary has spread on social media.
According to Dr Kharlukhi, if there is a strong group from the North East along with 25 MPs from the North East, they will hear our demands.
Shillong, November 06 : Six marathon runners, three men and one woman from the state have taken part in the International Tata Steel Kolkatta 25km marathon in Kolkata. , West Bengal on November 18, 2022.
Speaking at the Additional Secretariat, HYC Leader Nickson Dohling said that there are government ministers who have called for talks with the leaders of the political parties but they have not responded because there is no intention to talk to them. They are only peons of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
This dam at Umïam is also a water source to generate electricity to distribute to the people of the state as these days it has lost hope due to the cold weather.
At present, heavy four buses are allowed to operate in Motphran and Khyndailad areas but these too are allowed to operate only by operating Odd and Even numbers.
However, he gave a polite answer that the aim is to build a society for the development of the people of Hynniewtrep Ynñiawwasa.
On this occasion, a water supply scheme was inaugurated which has provided water supply to 65 households, churches and schools.
In Group-2, Rajasthan will play against Andhra Pradesh in Kozhikode.
On 29th October, the Independent Inquiry Committee headed by retired Justice RN Mishra submitted its report on the delay in the performance of MeECL to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. Delhi.
Shillong: The KSU South Central East Circle and the FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle today met with the SDO (Civil) of Pynursla Sub-Division regarding the parking of vehicles especially trucks carrying stone in the villages. and on the roads of NH-40 in Pynursla area.
The program was attended by talented singers from Sohra including Sohra Sienmang, Leonard Syiemlieh and others.
Shillong: Members of the Sur u Paidbah of Bri U Hynniewtrep, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, to discuss the problems faced by the residents of the border areas. that the border between Assam and Meghalaya has not yet been resolved.
He said that if there is a shortage of cubes, the price is higher while if there is a lot, the price is higher.
Those who explained the dangers of Aadhaar, especially the theft of personal information, said that this appearance or the inability of people to know many things through the Aadhaar Card will create problems and dangers. This is a big problem for the people, especially in the rural areas, because even to register Aadhaar, to change phone numbers or to block through this website will cause a lot of confusion to the people.
After receiving the information, the Seng immediately went to provide assistance to the family.
Shillong, July 6: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2022 will be held from 28th July 2022 to the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District.
The statement said that according to the Amendment to the Prevention of Insults to National Honor Act, 2005, it is prohibited for any public person or in any public place to burn, damage, deface and other offenses against the flag of India or the Constitution of the country shall be punishable by imprisonment which may extend to three years and a fine or both.
However, in the course of time, these same businessmen see that they cannot contest the election. The election has turned bad because he has deceived the people by giving money for food, money for football tournaments, money for women to go to the polls and so on.
Last month, the District Council in Shillong discussed issues such as the above and the Dorbar felt that the Villages, Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbars should look into Remembering the killing of Samla Lurshai Wahlang, in Shella recently, by foreigners.
Regarding the destruction of the door of the house of Nijanduh Phawa on the 14th.
From 8.30 pm on 26th to 8.30 pm on 27th June, heavy to very heavy rain is expected in parts of East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East. Heavy rainfall is expected in West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
If the rule of law goes smoothly, there will be no need for a city according to the seasons.
He said that KHNAM urges the voters of Tura to give their full support to the NPP candidate and hopes that Conrad K Sangma will win and we hope that this victory will be a success. There is a lot of hope for the state as a whole.
The instruments of democracy are defined through the clear powers of the Central Government including the Legislative Assembly, the Central Court and other legislative organs of the Central Government.
Speaking on the matter in the Legislative Assembly, he said that the excessive increase in the price of all essential commodities has affected the income.
Two more cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District.
“For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. ).
“Even if there is a shortage of oxygen, ventilators and other medical equipment, we don't have the skilled people to look after and use these equipment in the hospitals.
Other bowlers for SCA were Charm Marbaniang (3/12 in 7 overs) and Angkit Tamang (2/12 in 4.2 overs).
The party has alleged that the lack of support for other leaders like the MPF, KHNAM and the Senglongkmie is just a love of power and power and these have shut their mouths.
He said Article 301 of the Constitution clearly states that Parliament or Legislature can make any law.
To end this problem, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare cannot do anything alone but needs the cooperation of the community to understand that TB can be cured with proper treatment. and access to adequate treatment," said Dr. Kalwing.
I’ve heard that there are programs for people that will be held in different places – related to the independence movement.
The arrested were identified as Habart Marak of Malangkona, Wilso Marak of Khasi Hills, Aila Sangma of Malang Hahuapara, Dime Marak of Malang Hahuapara and Aldrin Marak of Malang Hahuapara. Twenty-one are still in custody.
Shillong, November 15: Will the 14 political parties continue to protest or will they rest before Christmas? This is a question that many people want to know these days.
He urged the government to bring back these writings which may not be needed by others, but they are a treasure to us.
To enrich the event, the organization has brought in singers including Banrihun Kshiar, B.Nongrum and friends who have performed their beautiful songs.
Vincent said he too had talked to Sangma to contest the election and then praised Mukul Sangma for agreeing to contest the election.
Sawkmie said that he has allocated Rs 2 lakh from his scheme for the construction of this site.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi and MDCs, former CEM of JHADC, Hambertus Nongtdu and former MLA of Khliehriat, Justine Dkhar attended the public meeting.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents of the village said that the residents of the village were in a state of shock yesterday morning until they could not do anything because of the intensity of the fire. .
They died like those whom no one knew about.
However, this decision of the Supreme Court applies only to OBCs, not to ST/SCs. However, let us understand that the Court has decided that “adequate representation” does not mean “proportional representation” but It does not decide that we should not achieve adequate representation on the basis of proportional representation.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region today closed down several banks in Nongpoh, for not opening or operating despite the state government declaring a public holiday. The 31st of November, which is also the special day of the State Government, has paid tribute to Dr. Donkupar Roy, Lamphang of the State (Bam Kwai ha Dwar u Blei).
It is also the time for the school authorities not to wait for the Government because most of the policies of the Government are easy, so they need to consult the officers or directly to the Prime Minister or Minister in charge of Education and Transport to speed up the work.
During the meeting with the Governor of Meghalaya, they discussed the important role that the youth of the country play in the unity and development of India.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee said that through many difficulties, it has fought for the rights of its residents for the past 40 years and in its reply to the government, it said that The land in dispute belongs to the Syiem of Mylliem and does not belong to the government and any intention of the government to purchase it is a violation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act.
Overall, what is needed and what we need to enforce will be developed”.
The incident happened when three children of Kong Waddalin and her husband were preparing to eat, when suddenly the ground from behind the house collapsed and covered them. in their house.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Syiem of the raid and the General Secretary of FKJGP Ribhoi, said that they will lodge a complaint with the DC and also with the leaders of the area to look into the matter. the inhabitants of the city.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) on the occasion of the 49th Anniversary of the Independence of the State, held a protest by burning candles at Malki Square.
This discussion summarizes the Khasi words used in the news, such as the meaning of kaw-kaw and kynwit and the translation of the news into English.
Referring to the awarding ceremony for Sweetymon Rynjah and Silbi Passah, the ceremony was attended by the Acting President Rgh O. Pyngrope and Rgh PD Nongrum, Member of JPK. On the part of the awarding ceremony, Ms. Sweetymon Rynjah gave her blessings and prayers that the Seng Khasi will continue to grow in the fields of flowers that will never fade.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have expressed their concern over the NGT's ban on coal mining in the state. new ways to raise funds for the Council.
Belarusian tennis star Aryna Sabalenka has now reached the quarterfinals of the French Open, where she will prepare for her face-off against Ukrainian Elina Svitolina.
The election campaign is over.
Reachingson urged the public to cooperate with the management of this project so that we can avoid any confusion later.
We have already submitted samples of the Id cards to the council, but our suggestion has not been accepted,” said the SWSRJ leader. Act 2015), which empowers the JHADC to elect and empower the Waheh Shnongs to serve according to their term of office, but in the fight against COVID-1 -19 shows that this Act of JHADC is unnecessary because even the Union of Waheh Shnongs do not rely on the certificate they have received from the council confirming their Waheh Shnong status.
Mohun Bagan Super Giant have qualified for the semi-finals of the Durand Cup 2023 after beating Mumbai City Football Club on Sunday.
We would like to advise the readers before we leave this description of the flowers that all the flowers have different colors, and different shapes so that they can accomplish this task. wonderful series.
In July, the team will also prepare for two matches against Bangladesh in Dhaka on July 4 before playing Afghanistan in Kolkata on July
Separation should also be done at source, from the place where the nuts come from, that is, from our homes.
“Manipur has received the ILP to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners, we too want the same protection, so we turn to the secretariat to remind the MDA government that we need it. ILP and question the government on the measures they have taken, so that the central government can expedite the decision they have taken regarding the ILP,” said Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, leader of the HYC. “As a leader, I am not afraid of being arrested or imprisoned while the nation is at peace and happy,” said Kharlyngdoh. This is a message to those members of the Sengbhalang, because it is not a sin to demand ILP”.
New Delhi: The temperature in Churu in Rajasthan has risen to 48 degrees Celsius, the highest temperature in India today.
She said that high blood pressure in children is very common and 50 percent of the children examined were found to have high blood pressure.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the wife of Bah Lytan, said that the photographer, has become stronger today and for this reason, they have transferred him, and now, he is in custody. Hospital, Shillong.
The government has also handed over to the National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for the development of Polo as Times Square.
She thought that that day would be the answer she would give to Kongthei Daplin.
He said the tourism department will call a tender within two months to start the works especially to fence the area where people will not be able to enter and leave at will.
It is the one who has taken away the plate of the poor.
This implementation will begin on March 2, 2023.
HANM Women Wings through its President Bity Jyrwa and Publicity Secretary A. Rapsang have demanded that the police should punish him according to the law.
Bah Dhar said the allocation of funds is from the digging and cleaning of the road and there are about 50 roads on this road.
Rona asked how much money the KHADC has spent so far to pay pension to former MDCs and the answer was T.54,47,515 lakh.
Instead, the people should take measures or decisions to improve the welfare of Garo Hills.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Unions of NEHUTA, NEHUSU and NEHUNSA has staged an indefinite strike against the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the university. NEHU. It was witnessed that students and teachers were inside NEHU but there were no classes as the JAC has decided to continue the strike.
“Why can't you be punished according to the rules of law for your inability to stop the illegal mining and trade of coal?
The preparations for the 16th Khasi Seiñraij Children's Festival have been held at Mukhap, West Jaintia Hills District.
Within 10 am, it was possible to know who won and who lost and how many seats the parties will get.
“We support the demand of JACATAM and we don't want the teachers to be misled or misunderstood,” he said.
New Delhi, Nail 31: The Parliament of India will hold a Special Session from 18 to 22 November this year.
This has also led to the influx of foreign workers and companies,” said KSU War Jaintia Circle President and Secretary Laitphar Syngkrem and Lurman B Talang.
The advocate general of the government said that there are some documents, which will take some time to send the information in writing regarding the case.
It is worth mentioning that in these days, 10 trucks of drugs were sent by a vehicle of the Shillong Municipal Board to the garbage dump at Marten, Mawlai Mawiong.
And mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
Speaking on the criticism of the Prime Minister for not seeing the statements and claims of the Meghalaya TMC, the TMC candidate from Mawkyrwat said, “The Prime Minister is more interested in misleading to the people.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma will visit South Korea to further strengthen relations between Meghalaya and South Korea.
In the first phase, seven border areas have been arranged and a soskular signed after detailed discussions between the two states.
Clubs from the suspended country cannot continue to play in international tournaments and clubs cannot sign new players, except those who have already been appointed according to the allocation determined by the ATK Mohun Bagan, which is scheduled to play in the AFC Cup from the 7th of next month, will not be able to participate in the suspension.
In addition, the meeting decided that if the VC does not withdraw the letter within five days (starting from the 26th of this month), NEHUTA will not participate in all future meetings of the AC.
“I am also pleased to say that the Greater Water Shillong Supply Scheme is working well so far thanks to the hard work of Bah Sun,” said SMR, who has been in charge of the PHE department for a long time. , earlier.
There she saw four men coming from her Niakha with her husband and two children.
The dorbar hall was constructed at a cost of Rs 18.50 lakh including Rs 3.50 lakh through the SRWP scheme for 2016-17 and Rs 5 lakh from the MP LADS for 2021-2
He was tested positive for coronavirus at Polo and was taken to the Civil Hospital on 1st November.
“To get justice, and an independent investigation to punish the culprits involved, I request that it should be handed over to the CBI so that honest working people can get courage otherwise, there will be a threat to “Those who do the right thing should be accused of killing themselves by the work of thieves,” said the mother of Bah Marbaniang.
It is now clear that the NPP is one of the parties that is close to the BJP. Modi believes that even if the BJP does not win in Meghalaya, once the NPP wins, as an ally in the NDA government in Delhi and one of the biggest supporters of the NEDA in the North East, that is enough for him and the BJP. have done for the past five years.
At the same time, he said the demand is to amend Article 342 of the Constitution on Scheduled Tribes and to downgrade Article 341 for Scheduled Castes.
Previously, it took 15 to 16 hours to reach Tura and now it will take only 8 hours. On this road, it is 261 km long. for the construction of roads in the North Eastern States of India.
Umkrem beat Nongtalang YC by tie-breaker.
The early parts of the film grossed $297 million and these parts were focused only on Europe.
The states in the North East Zone include Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim.
Meghalaya, although the team scored the most goals, did not lose heart and fought hard but some opportunities were missed.
The meeting was attended by KSU Finance Secretary Ianly Nonghuloo who is also the District Incharge.
Kong Linda KongwangThe rainy season is a time when we can have fun outside our homes, wear warm clothes and swim in the rivers.
The meeting was attended by Bah Robert G. Lyngdoh, Vice-Chancellor, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong, Dr. ER Tongper, WCU Member and Director, TESPRO. Gracefully Marwein from Nongshillong West Khasi Hills District, Nongshillong West Khasi Hills District, has been stabbed to death by her husband. Hills District.
At the same time, PT Sawkmie congratulated the PWD department and the Minister in charge of the department, Prestone Tynsong, who has allocated Rs 3 crore from the Central Road Fund ( CRF) for this road known as the round road.
If God bless us only for inevitable reasons, what will happen to mankind?
“It is a tag or shap to identify the right of ownership and to be able to market the goods and the sellers so that they can distinguish the goods in the market,” said Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh. The zero hour notice was brought by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit in the House.
Doing so will help you to avoid many diseases and especially against rheumatism.
The programs of the 7th Kur Dorbar and other activities of the Kur as a whole will be discussed at this meeting, said Phawa.
Some of the organizations that sent their condolences include the Arunachal Pradesh Youth Congress (APYC), the Galo People's Federation (GPF) and others including the Governor of Meghalaya – KT Parnaik.
The body was found on the 3rd of this month and after examination by the police, it was found that the man did not have any signs of injury on his body. The body of the deceased was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem examination and is still in the morgue.
I Resource Person Smt.
The office of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, after the court has issued an order to hold the Rangbah Shnong election on 23rd June 2022, has been contacted by Rupang. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Probi Khongknaw, who went to tied the door, said that the main reason for taking this step is to improve the khadar rule.
Nongpoh, March 19: The Nongpoh Ram Mandir Durga Puja Celebration Committee this year has celebrated the puja in a different and more beautiful manner by erecting a statue of Chandrayan-3 in front of the Durga Puja. Mardir with good news to the youth of Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, instead of discussing development issues, we have to spend time resolving our differences.
The funds for the construction of the house were received through the Chief Minister Development Fund scheme, at a total cost of T.15 lakh.
According to Father Stan, the City of Rest is the socio-political reality for the Adivasis and Rangli-juki.
He urged the parents to send their children to this school. “I have received accurate information that the teachers in this school are skilled. In Wahkdait I have enough, we have to provide more, in Mawshun it has been enough, in Pomshutia it has been enough, we have enough, we will continue to provide more,” said Bah. Prestone said that within a few years of his tenure as the leader of the area, he has opened six or seven schools.
Besides Meghalaya, other states qualified for the same list are Delhi, Services, Jharkhand, South Zone Qualifiers, while the states qualified for Gr-B are Punjab, Goa, host Mizoram and the state won the South Zone qualifiers.
This is not the first strike by the MeECL employees under the umbrella of the Coordinating Committee of Registered MeECL Employees Associations and Unions (CCoRMAU) but it has become a tradition that every year the employees will protest. organize protests to demand salaries.
At the time of writing, these policemen have fled the scene and police have not arrested them.
The total number of members of these two parties has reached 9 and they need 15 or 16 members to form the current Executive Committee.
He said that as school children, they should not waste their time in idle activities but should be minute-oriented and look towards the goal in their studies so that their future will be. you are bright.
From time to time, the people have complained about the continuous increase in the price of meat from beef, pork and now chicken.
The Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills District, Chinmay P Gotmare, said that the government will provide T.3 lakh to the relatives of those who were shot dead in the incident on Friday. They are not responsible for Assam.
“All government employees have been directed to strictly observe this rule by refusing to participate in any activities against the government,” said Kong R.Lyngdoh.
However, according to the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, “The job of the police is not only to curb insurgency but also to look after the movement of the people of the state. It needs police especially to curb drugs and also to look after violence against women and children.
According to Dkhar, three MLAs including Stephanson Mukhim and Robinus Syngkon have submitted a petition to Amit Shah to request the central government to lift the coal ban. The State of Meghalaya has amended Para 12 (a)(b) of the Sixth Schedule through the proclamation of the President of the State.
The four candidates from Shella village include Ilarisuk Youroi, Mebankitboklang Banai, Banpyngsuklang Syngwan and Pdiangsuklang Syngwan.
However, Lakshya, who won the bronze medal at the World Championships, did not lose heart in the second game, he fought hard and won.
He has been a Member of the Lok Sabha for six terms, for the 6th, 7th, 8th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, the 14th time and in the 15th time.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns the violence of the army in blocking the gate to enter Mawshbuit.
Also present on the occasion were Rangbah Shnong S. Khongkliam of Mawlai Phudmuri, Bah Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah MW Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong of Motsyiar, Bah Marcel Kharbani, former MSC president and others.
Oppenheimer saw Kum Tit in the sky and went home.
On the 11th at 8:00 pm there will be a solo performance, while on the 12th at 1 pm there will be a solo performance. At 8 o'clock in the evening, there will be a Drama and other performances.
He said that until now, there are many candidates from Mawhati.
In another match, Pamrakmai Sports Club beat Iongkaluh Wahsder Sports Club 1-0
Speeches were also delivered by SPdahkasiej, Evanjoplin Dkhar, Bhabok Laloo, Gershom Hat and Section Syiemlieh.
After the dorbar, there was a ceremony to offer prayers to the gods of the Syiems and suit ka shor at Lariang Square.
He admitted that there have been talks between the BJP and Bah Antonio in these days but the final decision has not been taken yet as it has not yet reached the point of announcing the decision.
He said that he has received a scheme from the Assam Rifles for a school in Mawtawar village which has never been provided by anyone. who is also watching.
“If the government is clean and working for the people, they will not reject this competition to shed light on the people.
Speaking to media, Bah Mawrie said that after Narendra Modi assumed the post of Prime Minister for the second time, he has insisted on the demarcation of the border between the North Eastern States. East.
Rs 25 crore has also been allocated for the sky walk from Barik Point to Khyndailad.
He also admitted that the party has been able to arrest people suspected of coming from Bangladesh.
After this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, continued to give a clear answer in the House, by saying that if a member of the House is really concerned about any village, he can tell. to the government which is ready to talk and resolve, but to shout or start acting drama just to win elections this will not lead anywhere.
Bah Bobby's Coach.
Shillong, Naitung 4: Leaders of three political parties, including FKJGP President Wellbirth Rani, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew and HNYF President GH Kharshanlor, have said that the state government, The construction of the railway line in Ri Khasi should be suspended.
The NDSA invites the public especially the leaders of various sport clubs from 3rd to Super Division to attend the closing ceremony of the tournament.
The court has suspended the hearing of the CEM of KHADC after he issued a statement against its decision and the hearing is ongoing today.
“I stayed there for a month, I was taught to learn the language of the people and I also composed a song in the language of the area,” he said.
In April last year, rescue agencies rescued nine coal miners after one of the illegal coal mines in the area collapsed and was destroyed.
Thus, the 7 Treps have been included in these two words “Khasi-Jaintia” and the 12 Shevet have been included in these two words “Israel-Judah”.
Then God said, “Solomon built him an house.
In the March Pass, Laitkyrhong won the men's category while Mawlali won the women's category and received 10,000 tyngka each.
He said that despite the struggles in education, the Government is committed to working to ensure that the students of the state will not lose the opportunity to pursue higher education.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, who can also be said to be the leader, who has to look after many villages near Assam, has urged all the village leaders to on the border with Assam, that they should be strict against the entry and exit of foreigners.
In a statement, the KSU through its General Secretary said that the Khasi Pnar people, as usual since ancient times, have been farming in their areas farther away from their villages.
Surprisingly, the union has found that government officials from Meghalaya have been involved in the transportation of shyiap and also in the digging and deterioration of the Umtrew River.
She said that there are 5 stages of rheumatoid arthritis, 1 to 4 stages can be treated by medication.
The Chief Sanitation Officer, Director and Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS have also handed over the blue and green lights to the households at NEIGRIHMS. Tree planting ceremony at the ground floor of NEIGRIHMS where the Director, Deputy Director, Medical Superintendent and members of JCI planted trees.
BJP MLA from Hojai constituency Siladitya Dev has criticized ULFA leader Paresh Baruah for daring to blow up bombs during the Muslim festival of Eid.
Brening A Sangma of the NPP won the Dalu constituency while Timothy D Shira of the NPP won the constituency of Resubelpara.
Wow, you are like a fool without thinking about your brothers and sisters and your Khasi brothers and sisters.
Dr. War said that one person who died of Covid-19 was identified as Abdul Hassim, 60, resident of Jhalupara. Sudip Karmakar, 41, resident of Laban Harisabhapara.
The union also monitored the construction of the Residential School and the Block Institute of Teachers Education (BITE) in the district and also learned that the relevant department is struggling to get funds to improve and build the school. They are responsible for the funds allocated by the Central Government.
Dr Roy said the behavior of the incumbent prime minister is inappropriate because he is silent.
Many of these roads connecting to the North East have been badly damaged, the High Court said.
Adelbert said that he entered politics not to enrich himself and he said that he will never leave the life he has and stand only for the elections. .
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) will hold a cricket tournament in the U-12 Boys, U-15 Boys and U-19 Boys categories in the first month of January
Sushri was sworn in by Justice MV Muralidaran, Acting Chief Justice of the Manipur High Court.
The victory of the UDP candidate with 3,422 votes is not only a glorious victory, but also a victory that shows that the people of Sohiong do not want the NPP even if they have no reason against it. to Mr. Samlin.
The goals were scored by Dajied Wanshnong in the 13th minute, Saveme Tariang in the 28th minute, Amon Lepcha in the 35th minute and
Expressing their intention to increase and support the financial year every year, Shylla said, “Our vision is to increase revenue collection.
Khliehriat, Nailar 04 : Riyo Siangshai, resident of Moolang village, East Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint against two persons including Redial Dkhar. , Lan Gabriel Siangshai, Jopsing Latam and Firstboy Dkhar and at the same time she explained about the impact of her farm. On the night of 25/06/2022, the son of Riyo Siangshai was shot and killed and on the morning of 26/06/2022, the son of Riyo Siangshai was shot while he was on Saturday. shon far while you are loading coal into the truck.
The teams that qualified for the semi final are Se-Lajong Football Club (SWKHD), Lamare Sports Club (EKHD), Azriel Sports Club (EKHD) and Nongbri Brothers Football Club (SWKHD).
The purpose of this special day is to join hands with the Association and to encourage the leaders and members of the Association to come forward to donate blood for the sake of recovery. other souls in need of blood in times of illness.
Besides, there are many others whom the Khliehriat Police Station is looking for to arrest.
Regarding the lack of results, the village leaders of Patharkhmah and also the leaders of KSU Western Ri Bhoi after the complaint of these students and parents have also met with the school authorities to take the results. The responsibility to get the results of these students as it is the time of entry into classes.
Many times the Assam Police have tried to build a police station in this area, but this time the voice of the people has won.
Balen Thubru also admitted that he was the one who authorized all the trucks to smuggle coal from the coal mines and smuggle it outside the state.
When asked about the gates which the Sengbhalang has demanded to be set up to set up a check post for those who come from outside the state, Bah Marngar said that in this Act it is written that there are places to register the names of people who come from outside the state. The government has already identified 14 facility centers in Khasi Hills and 23 in Garo Hills.
Robert said the HYC will release the newsletter next month and this was decided at the CEC meeting of the HYC held today at its office in Mawlai.
“I look forward to doing better for the market and I appeal to the market dwellers to take care of it as their own plate.
Referring to the number of fish ponds in West Khasi Hills so far, it was found that if all the owners of the ponds have built through the scheme received from the government and also the owners of the ponds They have received training on how to take care of the fish in their ponds. Not only the people of West Khasi Hills can no longer use them, but they have to export them even abroad.
In my opinion, it is an unprecedented and different war because there is an incident of groups,” said Bah Warjri.
This is the country that gave birth to the country.
The winners will receive trophies and certificates.
The NPP is only Team B of the BJP.
“The Khasi of old, although he was in the dark, he was wise because he knew and feared God”.
Patra said the NPP, TMC and Congress also believe in these two Ps, Pisa and Pariwar.
Ten years later, after leading Forest Green to the League Two title, Edwards won another promotion.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati Area together with the leaders of FKJGP Mawhati Circle on Saturday held a special meeting at Mawhati Constituency. They urged the government not to bring in the C&RD Block in Mawhati.
