Mulaparthi Ramajaru, 40, of Narsipatnam Municipal in Anakapalli district of Andhra Pradesh, has tied his neck with a slipper because he could not fulfill his promise. your election.
Nongshken MDC Grace M Kharpuri has brought the issue to the KHADC to discuss the issues faced by the people. Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who said that NOC should be obtained from the District Council and said that in the payment of compensation to the land owners, the government has given exactly the part of the signboard. not yet lost properties within 150 Yards.
her mother tea.
He said that the party expresses its strong opposition to this.
Prominent speakers at the meeting included Dr CO Rangad Sr, Vice President, EKHDBA, Rajesh Kamal, Secretary MSBA and Pandora. Rapsang, President of EKHDBA, Mr. P. Laloo Vice President of MSBA, Mr. Goldenstar Kharbuli Vice President of EKHDBA, Mr. Michael and Mr. H Passah.
He said this in reply to a question by Shella MDC Bah Teiñwel Dkhar in the dorbar tlang on Friday. It's just a discussion because if it can be moved, it will destroy Shillong.
The wall of this house should be of concrete or stone, and the roof may be made of tin, but preferably of concrete so that the temperature inside the house will not turn quickly eh.
However, this OM dated 10.05.2022, has opened the door for the filling of posts since 1972, which cannot be filled by Garo, and this is because of the 100 Point Roster which they have brought and also through two Clause B(6) and Clause D(2), which read as follows:B(6): After every recruitment cycle, an account shall be noted in the reservation roster indicating representation of Khasi and Jaiñtia, Garo, Other STs & SCs and details of backlog reserved vacancies, which will be carried forward to the next recruitment cycle.
It was after a while that the fire brigade extinguished the fire to other shops.
Guwahati: Superintendent of Police (SP) Raj Mohan Ray was arrested on Friday after allegedly stealing Rs 2 lakh from the family of A man has been accused of raping a 13-year-old girl in Darrang district of Assam.
I am a Christian but in my opinion preaching in a place where others worship is wrong, it is like an insult to the faith of others.
He said the government has not hesitated to resolve this issue and will work hard to ensure that it reaches the path of complete solution.
Don’t speak with emotion, you don’t know anything and don’t try.
The DC said that it was at this time that the driver of the vehicle was found to be under the influence of alcohol and was ordered to move the vehicle.
It is alleged that these three persons including the driver of the auto raped the girl on the 13th of this month.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has been demanding for many years from the government to set up a blood bank at Jowai Civil Hospital, but the government has not believed in it.
“In our time, one person could vote three or four times but now this practice has disappeared,” said Bah Scott.
Vehicles coming from Mawlai and FCI will have to go to Mawroh, Golflink, Nongmensong and 4th Sawfurlong.
The dinner meeting, which Bah Pala may convene, comes after the MPCC held a meeting recently to discuss the work of the MUA-II government under the leadership of the Prime Minister. the state.
“The Government should take responsibility and also find ways and means so that these students can get proper training before they prepare themselves to write their examinations,” said the statement. organization.
Meanwhile, the government, instead of standing up for the rights of the people, has approved or approved what these diplomatically cunning businessmen say, Because this benefits them (that is, the merchants and politicians), and sees how they say to each other 'the value of these helpless citizens' because they have become helpless slaves. and see as they say, 'we must earn more and more so that we can get richer more quickly.
He said that the Rangbah Shnong has also spoken to the SP West Jaintia Hills and SDPO Amlarem and they have said that they have deployed police to start patrolling from tonight onwards in these areas.
On the other hand, when investigating the cyclone in Ri Bhoi, these villages have been affected not only by the destruction of their houses, but also by the destruction of food items such as rice. , sugarcane, rice and clothes were damaged, because this storm came with a rainstorm which destroyed all the belongings inside the houses.
He said Amit Shah has promised to come back after Christmas to meet again and will look after the best for Meghalaya.
local time (0525 GMT), according to the National Weather Service, with the first high of 40C since January 29,
Shillong: There have been 803 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today and 22 deaths, of which 17 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills and 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
Gaza City: Israel today bombed the home of Hamas chief Yahya Sinwar, the chief political officer in the Gaza Strip.
Pala said the BJP had won 303 MPs in the last election, but this election it will decrease significantly in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Delhi, Bihar, Punjab, UP and Himachal Pradesh. Pradesh and many other States.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Kur Myrthong/Marthong of West Khasi Hills District, has awarded 10 students of the Kur from West and South West Khasi Hills District, who have achieved top ranks in various examinations. different this year.
There are thousands of people across the state who have done great things whether they are in the homes, in the community and in the community.
The aim is to send millions of people and other living things to live in the universe, as it is believed that humans will disappear from the earth in the next few years. inheritance to come.
Shillong Lajong will face Sawmer SC on the 2nd of November at 3:45PM. Belgium beat England 1-0 in the World Cup on Saturday night in Group G. Adnan Januzaj scored the third goal in the 51st minute.
Shillong: Due to the lockdown due to the spread of Covid 19, the residents of Umlaper village, Ri Bhoi District, have faced difficulties especially the poor families.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District said that the CM has announced that it will continue to provide ration free of charge to the beneficiaries of the Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) and Priority Household (PHH).
This happens from time to time and has surprised the residents of this area, which has also caused problems to the residents because they have to stay in darkness for days or months during the months of Lyiur. u Iaiong until the end of the Lyiur season.
However, at the same time, he said that the Sengbhalang will not allow the government to pass a law that does not meet the demands of the people.
The Seng also urges the Prime Minister to change the decision to extend the term of the Expert Committee from 10 years to 6 months.
“I trust God when I come to take this step,” she said.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya Frontier on Tuesday conducted a Seema Darshan Program for the students and teachers of Commerce College Shillong at Barmanbari Border Out Post which is a military base.
He said that the KSU leaders went only a few times to delete these posts today and it started at 11:30 pm.
Their fear of the coming of the body is not that they are afraid of the coming of the thief.
The MLA of Jowai said that he convened this meeting because he wants to complete the water supply project from Umngot River to Jowai which has been pending since he was not an MLA. The Executive Engineer of PHE, Jowai Division, Electrical Division, said that MeECL through its department, MePDCL has already prepared to supply electricity to the water tank but there are still some problems. Some of the remaining works by the PHE include the construction of a pump from one place to the water treatment plant and from the water treatment plant to another water treatment plant to distribute water to the people by gravity.
What is needed, therefore, is to model the life of the present time on the traditions of the past.
How else can I say? Because if the Meghalaya government delivers development projects to these villages, but the Assam Police come and destroy them and after that there is no sign that the Meghalaya government will take action, but if the Assam government does The Meghalaya Government has never done anything to cross the border through development projects and this encourages Assam to cross the border, they said.
It will be 740 meters high and is close to the height of the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, which is 828 metres.
Moosalyngkat SC has won the 1st Division Football Tournament for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
It is true that when they can ring and hold the minds of many, they can win them.
He said that as people in this age, we should eliminate hypocrisy or selfishness but set the goal of giving service to others.
However, in the neo-liberal era in which we live, an era of discrimination and discrimination, the world and the authorities steal and take away the basic needs of the people.
President Salbiud Marten, Vice President Elias Lamare, General Secretary Rajes Tamaha, Finance Secretary Mathaios Mutong, Education Secretary Gilbert Sutong, Asst Education Secretary Planki Lamare and Chief Organizing Secretary Stanly were elected. Tron, Asst.Organizing Secretary Samla Chembor Khyrwang, Publicity Secretary Samla Johnny Suchiang, Sports Secretary Samla Kyrpad Tron, Environment Secretary Samla Kyrchan Samayang, Agricul tural Secretary Samla Kilius Mayang, Art and Cultural Secretary Samla Kestarly Samayang, Social Secretary Samla Mui Dei and more than 40 Committee members.
This day also coincides with the Independence Day of India and we remember and pay tribute to all those who have contributed in various fields over the past 74 years, from teachers, scientists, doctors, health workers, lawyers, day laborers, farmers, sportsmen, musicians, dancers, dramatists, writers, journalists and others.
He also urged the village authorities and the public to refrain from killing wildlife, birds and other living creatures. The animals and other living creatures even the nature is clean and quiet but the presence of birds, animals and wild animals makes it pleasant through the sounds of the birds singing in the forests.
The opponents didn't have anything else to say.
Metbah Lyngdoh will win the Lamphang seat as the MDA has 40 MLAs in the 59-member House while the Congress in the opposition has 19 MLAs. Speaking to media, Winnerson said he welcomed the honor given to him by his fellow Congress MLAs to send him for the post of Lamphang.
If the people don't understand at this time and continue to follow such leaders on 27th February 2023, they will surely lead our country and our people to hell. the wicked are in hell, as the wise men are.
Hikaidame Bareh scored the first goal for Dhana SC in the 56th minute. Dhana SC beat Dhana SC 1-0 in the first leg of the second leg.
Adjourn : to adjourn; shikylla is the time to talk or do anything.
According to police sources, in 2015, 127 mobile phones were stolen, in 2016, 158 and in 2017, 60 mobile phones were stolen.
“We have planned to set up 50 MeghFarms and PRIME Hubs in all Block in Meghalaya, which is a reminder of the change in agriculture in the state,” said Conrad. , sohphan and soh niamtra which grow well in Ri Lum Garo will be profitable as they are the best selling soh in the wholesale market.
The song is produced by Mewanbha Sawian, camera and editing is done by @Amos Suting, while the music is done by Mewan E Nongsteng.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) today, under the leadership of Samla Niyo Biam, Asst.Genl.
“As one of the member parties in the MDA government, the BJP Meghalaya is always ready to work with all like-minded parties so that the state can develop in all aspects.
“There are allegations but the word corruption has been raised by those who are against the government but the MDA government has nothing to hide and what the Opposition has demanded, the government has implemented. " don't say.
WKH took two wickets early but Tempali Basumatary scored 39 runs from 33 balls and managed to score 54 for the fourth wicket and Magdaline M Sangma took 13 runs. and did not lose a wicket until the end of the over.
If the MDCs have a vision for the nation, they should pass a bill to give equal shares to the sons and daughters, so that the ownership will be shared by the men, not only to be happy but also to be the owner of the land.
He said that the passing away of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam has left a void in this new era in the country.
Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of the State Government, was present at the arrest of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, which was held at the Police Headquarters this afternoon. .
The full office bearers of SAIBDO include Mr. Liander Nongshli as Chairman, Vice Chairman, Mr. Cleophas Thre Nongrum, Mr. Laurence Nongrum, General Secretary, Mr. Alexander Maring, Mr. Johnpaul Maring, Asst. Buren Maring, Publicity Secretary Vincent Maring, Asst.Publicity Jaibet Maring, Organising John Makri, Education Secretary Gabriel Makrin and Henry Nongrum as Senior Adviser.
In human beings we are not perfect and complete from head to toe, we have many lights and feet, because as human beings even once our feet have made mistakes because of the mistakes. and the ship was filled with water.
He also advised the youth to avoid these harmful substances such as drugs and others.
For the purpose of inspection, only the documents of the UDP candidate will be inspected. Other candidates or their representatives may be present on the day of inspection. examine the court documents.
If you need a car pass to travel from one district to another, it is difficult to get it. If you travel without a car pass, you will be turned away by the police. The Government's actions have strongly convinced the party that there is nothing wrong.
On the other hand, St Anthony's HSS, which has a history of cricket, was led by the Vice Principal, Fr.Anthony Wahlang who expressed his gratitude to the MCA for taking the initiative to improve the sport. This is the practice area.
Nikrak M Sangma joined the GNLA in 2011 and has been in Bangladesh since
He said that these parents have come to him to distribute assistance and urged the government to set up a scheme to assist the parents so that it will be of assistance to them.
According to sources from the Congress party in the state, they have not yet received any confirmation that Rahul will come to the city but it has been informed that he may not come because he is busy. beyond.
When asked about her village, she replied “Pynursla” and when asked more details, she said “I am from Siatbakon”.
The semi final and final of the tournament will be played at 8 pm at Slot Masi Stadium. The final will be played on 10/12/2
What else do the Israelites need now? They have a temple where they can sacrifice these animals as Moses and Aaron commanded them to do.
On Thursday, Faleiro said the appointment or removal of Dr Mukul Sangma would depend on the decision of Sonia Gandhi.
He said that in Meghalaya, there are about 13 lakh children from 9 months to 15 years who have to get this injection.
Shillong: “Ghim lehraiñ ban Pynpinda” is a group of youths who have come out to fight against pollution and immorality of the environment by spreading garbage on the streets and sidewalks. as well as in public places.
Through this, it is estimated that about 2539 million numbers will be produced and this will meet the requirements for future production.
When asked about the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to demand the article, Paul said that this issue has been discussed in the House in the past years when the former President of the Party (VPP) HSPDP candidate Ardent M Basaiawmoit was not present in the House.
Up to 832 health workers have already been injected on the first day in 10 sides in 9 districts of Meghalaya which have been selected for the first phase.
This will encourage Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister who has lost confidence in Meghalaya as a state that is against the CAA and demanding the implementation of the ILP. On 6th March 2020, many MLAs in the MDA coalition government have expressed their disapproval that the MP Rajya Sabha will become the MP of the NDA government. Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, has proposed the name of another candidate for the Rajya Sabha as a common candidate from the coalition government. MDA. They prefer to avoid the NDA government of Modi.
Powergrid won the match by six wickets and Yogendra Singh was named Man of the Match with four wickets.
During the search and investigation, it was found that these refurbished two wheelers and registration number plates were replaced by fake ones hidden in Nongkrem village under Nongsohma village.
Rekha Sharma, head of the National Commission for Women, told reporters, “We want him to apologize on social media and also for what he has done and if he doesn't, we will take the power of the law to fight against him".
Shillong, Lber 19 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) will take a decision on the replacement of the Ministerial seat among the party's MLAs.
The Supreme Court, the highest court in the country, has been hit by the coronavirus.
“This is where this collapse happened.
However, despite strong opposition, the government's efforts have now moved slowly to Khasi Hills but in Garo Hills it has already succeeded to Mendipathar, North Garo Hills district.
To understand the nature of Khadar rule in that century, it is also important to look at the freedom struggles that raged across India at that time.
She said that the treasures hidden by our ancestors should be preserved, preserved and loved so that they will not disappear from this world, to reveal to the world the existence of Jingkieng jri, mawbynna, ki the establishment of the Adong, the Holy Laws and others included in the UNESCO World Heritage site.
“I don't know, it's a mistake, I'm not a politician, I just know each other, he's from Kynshi and I'm from Nongstoin,” he said.
Dr Donkupar said that Teinwel will lead the Executive Committee for 10 years and after that, he will be replaced by Paul Lyngdoh and Titossterwell Chyne.
Damanbhalang Chyne scored three points for the team.
“Call Attention is the only one.
The politics that belongs only to the indigenous people in Meghalaya has often silenced the voice of non-indigenous people, making it difficult for them to speak out when making any decisions that affect the lives of the indigenous people. that," said Dey.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Defense, the British government, said that there are 7,000 British troops, who should leave only in the months, not in the months.
“Jhur ki jhep in Marbisu-Mawngap and surrounding villages have been destroyed by the cold weather as heavy as a marble stone on the 28th June, which lasted for about two hours. “It's going to start at 1 pm,” said Bah Syntar Klas.
Shillong: Contract teachers have said that they will not be able to take part in the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test to be conducted by the state government if the government does not pay special attention to them.
If a Khasi woman marries a non-Khasi, the children are Khasi.
The shops that sell food in different markets.
The MDC, who has been in the Congress for five years, said that the current state of the Congress is due to differences of opinion and differences among the leaders.
However, all these accusations are in the form of a general accusation.
Therefore, the Hindu market invasion should be very careful because the aim is to destroy the secular India enshrined in the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution.
But this few support.
In connection with this programme, the office of the DSO invites especially the schools in East Khasi Hills District to come and take part in this programme.
In Ri Bhoi District, two cases have been confirmed from the Army, one from West Khasi Hills, two cases from outside the state and two cases from East Jaintia Hills. Hills District is the driver of the Topcem dewbilat factory.
Three homeless people including two men and a woman have been arrested while digging a hole in the wall of a French Bridge in Opera. House, in Girgaum.
The two candidates are RK Ram Rymbai and Acting Dolloi Puramon Kynjing.
For the children of the church and fellow countrymen who are abroad in their studies and work, may God protect and care for them and may He comfort them even when they cannot be with their families and loved ones at such times.
Speaking to The Guardian, he said, “We want to understand what is in the minds of the jaipdeh.
Melansius Tympuiñ and Tynshaiñlin Kharbani, who are the caretakers of these cows, said that such incidents have happened since 13th March 2022 and July
Nongpoh: On the occasion of the Meghalaya Farmers Day, officials from the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC), the College of Post Graduate Studies in Agricultural Sciences (CPGSAS) together with the The Ri Bhoi Farmers Union (RBFU) on Saturday held a special program at Nongmawlong village in Umsning C&RD Block, to explain to the farmers in the area. the village, how they can farm according to the modern technology.
In this regard, the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today visited the site under the leadership of Bah R Blah who is the Secretary and met with the Executive. Engineer of Public Health Engineering Division II, Bah Samuel Kharmawphlang and was able to talk to him on this occasion.
The party will not forgive those who intend to invade the district and the state as a whole and if found, the party will take strong action.
Like other raijs, Sabahmuswang village under the supervision of the Seinraij Sabahmuswang has held a Chad Sukra festival on the 17th of June at Chad Sukra Square.
Those who can apply for the award are as follows:-
“The situation in West Khasi Hills is bad.
Those people who are found to have these diseases should be sent back to hospitals for treatment, he said.
In 2016, after graduating, she opened a suhjaiñ shop in Mawkyrwat market and through the opening of this shop, on 30th March, 2018, she was able to name the Jev's Wann Fashion Designer Tailoring & Embroidery has opened its shop with the aim of opening up opportunities for unemployed youth who want to come for training so that they can become trained. they can support themselves through this work and apply what they have learned.
My name is Sandra.
Therefore, let us strive in our humanity to preserve our Sap-Tip Tynrai which God-Blei has given us in our humanity.
A youth named Dayal Rabha from Mouman village died on the spot. Two others sustained serious injuries and were taken to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital for treatment.
On the opening day of the tournament, there was a match between Mawtnum FC, Byrchem 5, Umbuda USCC. Shillong: A group of seven United Progressive Front (UPF) MLAs have rejected the decision of the Central Government to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) only in the sixth constituencies. Schedule in the State and claims that the Central Government has not issued the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
The dead don't greet their loved ones, Death is the color, they go, without seeing.
To achieve the rights of these children, the cooperation and understanding between parents, schools, the community and the government authorities in charge of education is essential. However, so that the education of those with disabilities in the state especially in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills will increase from one year to another.
“Those who suffer from high blood pressure (BP) should avoid eating caffeine because these foods cause high blood pressure,” said health experts. food contains a lot of salt in the body.
After a while the statues of the traditional Tribal or Native Gods may be removed and the Hindu Gods come forward.
But my dear friends, there are many disappointments that come into my life and yours, but what I want to say is that if such a disappointment comes into my life God's Word says, “Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart” (Psalm 37:4).
The 63-year-old man committed suicide while standing in line in front of the passport/visa consulate in Krakow on Friday morning. in Ukraine.
However, the Act provides for the establishment of tourist attractions such as eco-tourism, zoos and safari tourist attractions. You can earn money by collecting money from tourists.
“It’s a very serious issue for me.
Dawki: Many Khasi residents of the villages on the border of India and Bangladesh have expressed their anger against the Border Security Force (BSF) troops. guards in these border areas, because they have disrupted the movement of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that those who have vowed to go to the High Court to protest against the demarcation of the Meghalaya-Assam government in the first phase, can go to the High Court. get the judgment.
Ma Mohrmen has sent a letter to the authorities to take the necessary action within three months.
This plant has been grown for thousands of years in the world because it is the most important fiber used by the world to make clothes.
The new cases include 12 from East Khasi Hills, 5 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 3 from South West Khasi Hills, 4 from West Jaintia Hills and 4 from Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hill 1.
Speaking to reporters after his arrival in Delhi, the Chief Minister said the state has not yet received anything from New Delhi on the status of the four border markets approved by the Congress government. led the UPA previously.
Shillong, July 31 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the departure of the NPP leaders from Ranikor, which will be followed by Bah MM Dangngo, has not been arranged. it's like a cat.
“If other leaders come who don't help the people until now, they will become poorer.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Government has done its utmost to ensure the eradication of drugs from Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has been involved in the case and even the Meghalaya High Court has been involved in the case. this is the work.
In such elections, the people should point out the shortcomings of the government.
The All India Inter University (W) Championship 2022-23 will be held at DCRM, Murthal, Haryana from 30th July to 3rd June
Shillong: The relationship between the UDP and the NPP may be strained especially after the NPP announced that it will contest the MP elections from Shillong.
Rangdajied United opened the scoring in the 18th minute through Arlangki Nongsiej but six minutes later, Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal in the 24th minute. Deiborme Tongper scored the first goal of the match and by the end of the first half, they had scored 10 goals.
“If we find that there is a wrongdoing, we will take strong action according to the law as this puts the lives of people at risk,” said Rathore.
There should be a clear and strong message to all the states, to the DGPs of the states, that the ban on the dissemination of information is a violation of human rights,” said the court. Justice DY Chandrachud.
Dozens of members of the party, including young men and women, marched in front of the Secretariat and around the IGP, to demand that the government should create a the policy of employment of 80% of state residents in private companies.
Umsning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh was also the chief guest to encourage the students of the College. before taking part in various programs during this College Week.
Shillong, Lber, 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday cut the ribbon of the 'My City' Campaign, a campaign to clean up the villages and also inaugurated the 'Reimagining Streets' besides participating in the cleaning of Dhankheti Road.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hill Circle on Saturday appealed to the unions of taxi drivers and tourists in the state not to demand an increase in the fare, but to demand from the government to increase the fare. the price of petrol and diesel and various taxes relating to the needs of taxis or tourist vehicles.
Meghalaya is still lagging behind in terms of income because the government has not done anything even though the central government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has spent a lot of money to develop agriculture and the income of the people.
The family members of the Heprit, on learning of the incident, lodged an Ejahar at the Nongpoh Police Station, but the robber fled the village. yesterday, when the police arrested him.
As candidates, we don't need to thank the people when we deliver speeches at election meetings, but as candidates we need to deliver a true position that will work for them”.
“The arrangement is by consensus, the harvest does not mean the harvest, and it is a decision agreed upon by the farmers and buyers because for the farmer that decision in 2014 is not a harvest. but it's a compromise," he said.
Pynshrai Lathong scored the first goal for Wasa United in the 23rd minute while Timmy Ryngkhlem scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij in the 9th minute.
He criticized the NPP for misleading the people of the state by its MP, Agatha K Sangma, who supported the CAB during her speech in Parliament.
There are many awards given to others who also come forward in the target.
As an organization that has concerns for the future of students.
Shillong: Leaders of the Congress Youth Wing have written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi demanding immediate resolution of the border between the North Eastern States.
The Court authorized him to remain in Police custody for 40 days.
The cash prizes for the winners are T.7000/-, T.5000/- and T.3000/-.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Federation of Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary Teachers' Association (FAMASTA) on Thursday vowed to take to the streets to hold a protest if the Government does not take a decision on the salary increase of Adhoc school teachers at the end of May, 2022.
In the letter, Bah Kharpran also urged the Lamphang that if the Governor of Meghalaya speaks in Hindi, a translator should be appointed from Hindi to English, so that the Governor can speak. in Hindi and at the same time the translator will speak in English.
The meeting also decided to ban the parking of vehicles beyond 10:00 pm without any reason, the parking of cold vehicles in rural areas at night and the playing of music overtime. It is prohibited to sell alcohol or any other intoxicating liquor inside the village of Pohthaw, it is prohibited to stay overnight on the streets of the village without any work, it is prohibited to hold Muid or It is prohibited to provide overnight accommodation to foreigners in Pohthaw Village without any permission from the Dorbar Shnong or the law enforcement authorities and anyone who provides accommodation in case of It is prohibited to place foreign workers inside the village without any permission from the Dorbar Shnong and those who bring foreign workers must obtain a NOC from the Dorbar Shnong along with the introduction and the soskular by owners who bring in foreign workers.
In a petition signed by party President KP Pangniang and General Secretary Panborlang L.Ryntathiang, the HSPDP said, “The party is concerned if the Central Government proceeds to implement the UCC in in the state of Meghalaya.
Therefore, in order to avoid the problem and also to avoid traffic jam, they had to be allowed to pay the fine at a price lower than the stipulated price.
In his speech, the Minister congratulated the management of the Shillong Times on their success in the past 75 years.
Agnes said that according to the relatives of the family, Clarence managed to climb to the top floor of his aunt's house and went down to the room. His ex-husband was sleeping between 1:00 and 1:30 pm on the 19th of this month and he shot his ex-wife and she bled and she died. Because at the time of birth of the child, she was cleansed.
“We are pleased that this year there have been more participants who have registered online and offline to take part in the Sohra International Half Marathon.
We don't know the syllabus, but this incident shows that the Meghalaya Board of School Education has failed in its duty and in this regard, the schools and the teachers, they know better and besides, there is also the responsibility of the school authorities and teachers and that is that their responsibility for their own work has decreased significantly and the results, it clearly shows the truth.
Khliehriat, June 27 : Due to the increase in the number of tourists in the state, the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that it is necessary to have adequate toilets, cafes, places to go outside. Adequate parking spaces along the national highways and village roads will also help the passengers, drivers coming from abroad and also to feel safe and secure. Of Interest (EOI).
He said that this is not only the protest of the party, but the protest of the people in the state, because if we don't think about the people, as the government has allowed to increase the fare, we will the strike should have stopped.
He said it is not clear what the government has done with the report of the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCoI).
He said that the reason for his visit to Delhi with the ministers almost every day which continues until now is only to fight and knieh bor each other, while the debt of the government to the departments is not. don't worry.
In this age of social media, it would be better if we avoided only the words that speak. the ethnic group and the religion.
Shillong, July 22: Congress MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Vincent H Pala has defended the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma against the allegations of involvement with members of the rebel group in the state.
This map also shows the location of the villages, the locations of these health centres.
Besides, the Seng has also suggested the need to improve the infrastructure at the outposts especially in Mukroh and Khanduli as these two outposts are now covered with tins which has caused a lot of trouble to the police. even after this land on which the outpost was located was not a fully owned land either.
Willey, who is an England player who can play in all aspects of the game, has played only four games for RCB during the IPL season. This time along with the ability to take 3 wickets.
Sadly, the baby girl was not in good health when she was born at Ganesh Das Hospital.
Shillong: Today, 43.2mm of rainfall fell at AMD, 31.8mm at Shillong Airport, 53.5mm at Secretary Hills, 45.0mm at NEHU and 50.0mm at Khatarshnong Laitkroh.
He recalled that when the government planned to build this road, the people expressed their happiness because it was too bad, but when it was built, it did not bring relief to the people.
However, now that we have passed, the government has not allowed us.
Meanwhile, the existing MDCs do not need to seek candidates, but they are already candidates to contest the MDC elections last year in Sohra, Shella, Lyngkyrdem and Nongkrem.
The first semi-final will be played on the 17th June, 2024 between Shillong Lajong Football Club and KMC Sonapur, Assam at the Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium, Mawlangwir.
At the same time, the MLA appreciated the decision of the Meghalaya High Court regarding Marten and hoped that the government would take action to resolve this long standing issue.
Shillong, March 02 : Many colleges in the city have taken part in the turko competition organized by the Trinamool Congress Students' Union (TSU) on the theme, 'Are we really independent after 75 years of independence?' ,' which was held at Don Bosco Hall.
According to the statement, the arrested were planning to sell the drugs to users in different parts of Afghanistan.
The tournament was witnessed by Shalkitbok Kharbani, Assistant Education Secretary of KSU Central Body, Poljohn Wanniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Ranikor Circle, Marcony Thongni, President of KSU Ranikor Circle, Ministers. Village with other elders.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, HC Chaudhary, has urged the public to join hands with the Forest Department in protecting wildlife and their habitats to increase income and bring about growth.
Speaking on the occasion, the elders of Umsaitsning, expressed their happiness after getting the colorful road, which has brought great benefits to the people, as everyone knows that Umsaitsning is a Umsaitsning area which includes four villages has received a colored road.
The first tender was called during the Congress government in November last year and three companies have submitted their names namely Simplex Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, Gautam Construction Pvt Ltd and Shapoorji Pallonji Co. & Ltd. Ltd and Shapoorji Pallonji and Simplex Infrastructure have bid 29.92 per cent and 21.90 per cent respectively respectively. The High Power Committee has rejected the proposal to reduce the price by 15.01 per cent, saying that there is a reduction in the price of Gautam Construction. cannot do the work priced by the committee.
At the same time, he urged the people especially the leaders not to fight politics on this issue.
Rida was filled with sorrow and didn't want to say anything.
The State Government and the PWD Department through the allocation of funds or schemes from the Central Government have improved this road which has been abandoned for many years.
Sachin scored a half-century against Meghalaya last month and he and Saurabh came out to tied on this day.
According to the recruitment rules, Gram Dak Sevak (GDS) of the department can apply for those who have passed class 10 and the party stands for the promotion of paradoh parasnam, in any field. and this time, it will not be possible to watch if the plate of flesh and blood will be taken by others.
Plastic waste should be disposed of in factories such as dewbilat factories to produce energy in accordance with the law.
Ma Edystone Shylla, Waheh Shnong, after receiving information that many families in the village are in need of food items, the village has decided to distribute food items to these families.
After joining Liverpool from Hoffenheim in 2015, Firmino has scored 111 goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool.
Bah Wanbantei Bremley Lyngdoh, one of the environmentalists, who studied environmental science at the University of London, has expressed his deep sorrow over the spill of uranium wastewater into the Domiasiat area. appeared in the newspapers in the past few weeks.
Then along the Khasi-Bangla border from the Dawki border to the Sohra-Shella border, Betkuna, Ringku villages under the Mawdon Hima, Mawsynram villages under the Bhowal Hima. The Lyngngam area from Nonghyllam in Langrin Hima to Maheshkhola, Garo Hills border, which falls under Nongstoin Hima, was inhabited by many ethnic groups, including the Hajong and Dkhars of various kinds.
Since then, every three years of the Garo Prime Ministership has lasted until the end of the three years.
Psalm 135:6
This law has three provisions.
The Roberts Hospital should become a public hospital and provide free services at a reasonable price without discrimination.
This year, Meghalaya has celebrated its 50th anniversary since it was encouraged by the Government of India in
Some of the rules announced by the CEM are the uniform for the Daju Iewduh which he said that through the special uniforms that will be given to them, people will know 'Oh utei u Jewish leader'
Meanwhile, the President of the Nongkhlaw Kur, Bah Iaineh Nongkhlaw, said that the Kur has already provided the names of the voters who are over 18 years old. on the day of the election.
A lot of credit also goes to this school, the teachers, for bringing it to the pinnacle of success," he said.
He also provided assistance to those who are under quarantine across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The sub-themes for the RIIG meeting will be Materials for Sustainable Energy, Scientific Challenges and Opportunities towards Achieving a Sustainable Blue Economy, Biodiversity and Bio-economy and Eco-Innovations for Energy Transition.
The President of the union, Bah P Diengdoh, said that besides the machines, no one has provided training. “We have brought our own cows and pigs to try to slaughter them there. but the machines are not available and we have to use our own equipment,” he said.
The church preacher quoted the verse of Ananias and Sapphira, who lied to God, and were sentenced to death.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the statement of Ma Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong, who admitted that the construction of the railway line in the state has been a failure. He said that through the Railway Road, it will immediately solve the problem of unemployment among the youth.
This feeling happened to Him, when He saw that religious hatred, religious bloodshed, especially between Hindus and Muslims was very strong at that time!!! Muslims too, their goal is to rule the world by the faith of Islam, so that they can rule the people in that desire. God.
The indigenous people of Meghalaya strongly oppose any attempt by any authority to destroy the customs and traditions that have existed in these areas since ancient times.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA, said that the border villages in Nongpoh Constituency have been included in the special scheme. Some villages have already received and some will receive.
Whether it was the capital of Aizawl or other cities whose men were already firmly established in power, they would have risen rapidly! diverse; so can the Holy Family.
The Autonomous District Councils have been able to implement the Byelaws in the areas under their jurisdiction.
Why did you rise suddenly? Should we pay for it? How should I pay? Should I pay back according to the burn or should I pay three times more than the burn? If we struggle, will it help us? If you have any questions, please contact the Minister of Power Clement Marak at
This action of the Government under the leadership of the NPP, especially the Departments held by the NPP, has ignored the feelings of the people of the State whether they are the Churches or the Dorbar Trai Ri.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong through the VDP Shnong has strongly opposed the presence of some people who violate the rules of the village by delivering kyiad to their homes or Home Delivery.
There are three constituencies in East Khasi Hills and these are Nongkrem, Laban-Mawprem and Nongspung-Sohiong.
Although in such a joy and happiness of many churches, there are still some souls who have not been able to experience such things because some of them have lost their parents and those who have lost their parents. They have also had to stay in orphanages and perhaps there are those who have not been able to stay in such orphanages.
Earlier, the Government had issued a notice that all Lower Primary teachers appointed before 2001, should compete with less than 45 percent marks in Class XII. They have been appointed for decades and have children but they will have to take the examination again later. “It's been a long time since the government has accepted them and this is a thank you to the government,” said Bah Nongsiang. The National Council for Teacher's Education (NCTE) has been appointed.
He urged Wahlang to read the rules of the MLA scheme before playing the field to expose himself as a child.
Teinwell Dkhar MDC Shella and Donkupar Sumer MDC Umsning told reporters: Rupang.
In a statement sent by Samla Tony Shylla, General Secretary of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, said that the reason why the office bearers of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, have urged the people to be vigilant, is after the The number of cases of COVID-19 has increased with the passing of the days and therefore it is very important for the public to know how to protect themselves, in order to prevent the spread of COVID-1
HANM Mawshynrut Circle will continue to oppose these factories and support the Joint Action Committee and the Union of Village Authorities of Umdang area.
Besides Bah Ryntathiang, P.K.
This is the Out Skirt of Shillong City to relieve the congestion of Shillong City.
Kitkhia Suna (26), Ovenson Symblai (65) and Damihbiang Shylla (71) scored the three goals.
He said that these charity works have been done through the cooperation of the village authorities , clubs , Seng Longkmie in the village and he thanked them for their enthusiasm to work for these they are not good.
Winner Group B (South Zone Qualifiers) vs Goa.
“Education is the most precious wealth we can give to our children, the nation and the country and I believe that in the last 100 years, this school has been able to do this from for thousands of people who occupied various positions in society".
He said that until now there is no exact treatment to cure this disease because it is caused by bacteria but the important thing is prevention.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie, together with the leaders of Ri Bhoi District and the Education Cell of the KSU, today met with M. Houque, Chancellor of the University of Science and Technology, Killing in Ri Bhoi District.
During this visit, Bah George talked to the teachers and it was during this talk with them that one of the teachers cried in front of the MLA by falling on his shoulder.
So far, Mizoram has provided accommodation to 34,000 refugees from Myanmar and more than 700 from Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today clarified that the peace talks came first from the Intelligence Bureau in 2004 and then from the Governor in
Speaking to media, Wanlamkupar War, one of those who passed the MTET examination, said that the appearance of teachers who failed to pass the MTET examination, has caused a lot of trouble in the country. This is because those who have passed this examination are those who are eligible for this government job.
“Until now, we have not received any proposal to join the MDA,” he said.
On the other hand, the three organizations have also met with the Minister of Transport, Sniawbhalang Dhar where he promised to take action on the non-compliance of these companies with the new price.
All the time, we buy and eat these fish, but nothing is prohibited, until there was a crisis and the Government issued a warning that it is no longer allowed to buy and eat these fish. .
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the Border Security Force (BSF) has been forced to leave the country. BSF personnel arrested for involvement in the shooting death of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih in Mawshun.
Sun said that until now, no one from the fans of his songs, or from any group or organization, has come out to donate for the cause. medical expenses and medical expenses for the treatment of Bah Sun.
“In his speech, Bah Teinwell Dkhar CEM of KHADC, said, “I am pleased to know that Mawphor newspaper has turned 30 years old today. but what matters is writing that will attract people to enjoy reading.
On this occasion, the Minister said that at present, there are three Higher Secondary Schools in Pynursla, one of which is St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Raid Langkyrdem and Seng Khasi Riwar Mihngi Higher Secondary School. .
In addition, the land owners of Mawlai Nongkwar Village who have abandoned their land are requested to come out to clean up the surroundings of their land and to meet with the Rangbah Dong. To provide a Zerox copy of the Dulir book of their land along with their phone numbers so that the Shnong can identify the owners of the land and can contact them at any time. When the Shnong has any work to do, such as the Pud u Sam or the construction of roads, roads or streets of the Shnong.
The national team will prepare for the fourth semi final of the ODI Cricket World Cup against New Zealand on Tuesday at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
He said he stood for the UDP symbol after the consensus of the party leaders within the MDA so that there would be no arrest for him after he won the MP election.
On the other hand, the SBYWA-CB has expressed its deep sorrow over the backwardness and neglect of the border areas especially in seeing and finding with their own eyes the truth of this.
Another program is 'YESS Meghalaya' and this program will help the youth to start any activities that can improve the society through the support of the government and at the same time The Minister said that any Youth Club which applies for this scheme will be able to conduct any program such as sports and others.
Like those tragic incidents at the 'Rally in Shillong on Unemployment' which happened on 28th March 2022 which shocked us as a nation, and after a while another tragic incident in Mukroh village where precious lives have been lost.
Shillong: U IW Ingty, Commissioner of Transport, Government of Meghalaya, has directed that all trucks carrying coal inside or outside the State, should pass through the gates set by the Government.
New Delhi, November 03 : The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) which is currently in financial crisis needs about Rs 50 crore to pay the unpaid salaries of its employees for five months.
What have these Congress rulers done for decades? However, during the AGP Government of Shri PK Mahanta and the UDP Government of Bah EK Mawlong, both the Chief Ministers have saved and solved this problem. Border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The party, on the other hand, wants to know why Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of the state, has accepted these five MLAs without first consulting with the BJP. before welcoming the Congress MLAs to join the government.
Out of the funds received this year which is Rs 40,001/, Non-Khasi have contributed Rs 18,051/, while Rs 21,950/ has been donated by our brothers and sisters.
On the statement by the President of the Congress Committee, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh (Dr. Bom) that the departure of Bah Lapang does not affect the Congress party, Dr. Lapang said, “I see that the President of the Congress Committee. MPCC says that it doesn't affect the appearance of Bah Lapang, when he says it doesn't affect, then it doesn't, I don't think it doesn't affect that,” he said.
Referring to the policies of the MDA government, the Governor said that the state government has a goal to improve the income of farmers by taking advantage of the security of livelihood. of the environment and on measures to strengthen the production of a variety of agricultural products.
BJP MP Nishikant Dubey said Mahua was speaking on her own.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of the state tomorrow.
As it is said, that the word 'kyrsan' which has been dropped from the word 'kyrbah' as ​​a pronoun in the Khasi thought and which has been raised itself, in the behavior of the ksan Rngiew, in the longbriew of whom. -jonno, we should first remove the human rights and from the longbriew itself to call again the 'Rngiew – Ka Bishi' which has been covered on our heads as 'i Lyngtyrwiang' to us and to you all.
The Heads of District Administrations, such as Doloi, Syiem, Sirdar or Village Authorities do not have the authority to issue trading licenses to the mynder, as only the District Councils have the authority to do so.
The Advisers are Hadrian Lyngdoh, JSD Lyngdoh, Kheiñkor Nongsiej, Christopher Syierlieh, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and Lestar Marngar.
The mid-term elections in Chokpot Assembly Constituency in 2015 and Nongstoin Assembly Constituency were held smoothly.
And the borders of this city shall be; It is bordered by Nongmynraw Village on the east, Kynshi River on the west, Kynshi River and Sangriang Village on the east and Maweitksar Village on the west.
K Sangma, but there was no response and for that reason this time, they will go around the districts to explain to the public to get the support of the people.
Police have banned the crowd from moving forward and at that time, there has been a clash between the crowd and the police.
He explains – “The Jaintia Hills is divided into three (three) parts.
Other speakers included Dusterwell Kharlyngdoh, Finance Secretary, Shabanri Kharraswai, President KSU Girls Wing Mawkyrwat Circle and Milanstar Nonglang, Environment Secretary, KSU Phlangmawprah Area Unit.
There are currently seven MDCs in the District Council who are MLAs at the same time including the CEM, Bah Basaiawmoit.
These two students scored 100 in Social Studies.
Because if you don't have corona, you have to know everything about your life.
Shillong: U SK Sunn, MLA, Shillong, passed away at 5 pm today at his residence in Shillong, Shillong, in a statement. Map.
Everyone in the district council is the crown of the jaitbynriew because they work for tulip and not as it is intended that any council should be responsible.
Similarly, the North Eastern States will contribute only 10 per cent.
“We love giving more than receiving”, said Pastor P.Dkhar and may this spirit remain in the children of God throughout the days.
Shillong: The incumbent Vice-Chancellor, Prof. SK Srivastava, has been accused of arbitrarily promoting teachers under the Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) by selecting a few teachers and rejecting them. many others.
The Lucky Draw will be held on 17th December
We have no doubt that we all desire to have people who are clean and dignified to hold the Khadar rule in the State.
This happened at about 9:30 pm, while the village was still under curfew.
In direct relation to the place where the troops wanted; Khraw said that they don't know what they want, but this is just a warning that the Nongsynshar Shnong of Shiliang Umkhen will not allow at all and they are strongly opposed like the people of Upper Shillong. against.
Mawkyrwat, June 12: The DSO, Mawkyrwat will hold the Block and District Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 for boys and girls in Ranikor. and Mawkyrwat Block from 10th May, 2023 and the winners of both the Block will compete at the District Level which will be held on 19th & 20th May, 2023 in Mawkyrwat.
The union demands that the search for union members should be stopped immediately and he should leave the border of West Khasi Hills District and go to serve in other districts.
There were three charges against Dorothy, who died several years ago.
It is not known exactly why Bill Gates created these scales and what will affect the environment.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the Rangbah Shnong have handed over the suspects to the police for further investigation.
It is through these challenges that the bright future of man's life is determined.
Shillong: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by President Leo Ferdinand Dhar and General Secretary Heibormi Lyngdoh on Tuesday inspected the site for the construction of the Mini Secretariat in Jowai. The construction of the Mini Secretariat has started.
The demand for the relocation of the curfew came after a heavy clash between the army and the civilians in which seven civilians lost their lives.
“In this MDC and MP election we will fight well.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in Sohra, yesterday and today as well.
She also admitted that the Principal does not allow her to carry mobile phones inside the school grounds for fear of being ringed or photographed.
Hassen Ali was immediately granted bail under Section 41 CrPC while Choi Kyndait was remanded in Jowai District Jail and is still in custody.
The 113 cases include 21 cases from Hojai, 20 cases from Udalguri, 17 cases from Tinsukia, 16 cases from Nagaon, 12 cases from Barpeta, 9 cases from Goalpara and 5 cases from Bongaigaon.
After this incident, the doctors urged the people to check carefully before eating these insects and to ensure that they are safe and have no harm if they eat them.
The death toll from the eruption of Mount Mihding in Indonesia has risen to 13 after Indonesian aid agencies recovered two more bodies on Tuesday. .
There were also those who said that the reason why the name of Bah Ronnie has not been included in the list of ministers of the new government, it may be that the MLA of Mylliem will not be involved in the issue of allocation of land to the army.
It is alleged that the residents of Tongseng village have come out in large numbers and cut down trees and plants and destroyed the house under construction in the village.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Narayanasamy said the meeting was on issues related to party strengthening and other issues of the Congress party.
The Khasi tyngshops, Donel Nongsiej and Jubildaris Syiemlieh took part in the song and the group congratulated Phrangsngi Shadap.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills, where he inspected various schemes of the state government.
The farmers demanded the immediate suspension of Sinha, who is an IAS officer in 2018 and to lodge a complaint against him for the lathi bomb. He ordered the police to beat up the heads of the farmers who used force against the police.
The BJP Pynursla Mandal together with the supporters of Ri Khasi Jaintia are waiting for the Meghalaya State BJP to decide to send the name of Bah Plielad Khongtiang to the High Command in Delhi. J.Khonglam, Organizing Secretary, BJP Pynursla Mandal.
He said that the Fire and Emergency Services personnel have conducted a thorough inspection of the inside of the house, electrical appliances and other necessities to help prevent any incident. .
The report said that the people took the law into their own hands after the killing of three people who were accused of men-shoh-noh and this incident happened on 16th July .
On this day, the parents and relatives of these four Deacons, the religious leaders and the faithful who came from near and far to witness this most special day in the life of these four Deacons. that young.
When planting in this way, they use not only the pai kshai as in the above method, but they use the whole pai.
It is worth mentioning that until now, only the BJP has been able to nominate candidates for all 60 seats in one election and as of now, only the BJP has been able to contest from all 60 seats because of other parties. They have announced their candidates and it has been seen that they have fled to contest as independent candidates or have left to contest.
Speaking to reporters, Dr War said that he has decided to contest the upcoming elections after seeing the scenario in the state with regards to governance.
The elected office bearers of the Chyrmang-Kympad include President, Secretary, Michal Chyrmang, Assistant Secretary, Batmi Chyrmang, Chairman, Becarefull Chyrmang, Vice Chairman, Justming Chyrmang, Treasurer, Wino Chyrmang, Assistant Treasurer, Mili Gympad, Auditor, Richialmon Chyrmang, Advisor and Darling Chyrmang.
Furthermore, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that it is easy for any Seng to visit or visit the Khasi villages on the border, admitting that they visit their own villages. but there should be a limit on that and when you decide to take any action especially in the border villages, you should think many times, because it may affect the people who live there. in the border towns.
Shillong, Nailur 21: West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (WKC) beat East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (WCCC) by 10 wickets in Zone 1 of Group B of the Meghalaya U-19 Boys Tournament. The Inter District Cricket Tournament was held on Friday.
Abhinav Kuman Singh IAS, Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) of Amlarem Sub Division on Friday inaugurated the training conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) at the Dorbar Hall of Amlarem Sub Division. Syndai Kmai Shnong On this day, more than 50 trainees came to take part in this meeting.
Bah Syiem admitted that there was a suspicion that the house caught fire and collapsed while the electricity was being turned off.
So, when the biggest crisis in 100 years hit, we decided to rescue our small businesses and strengthen them.
However, those who own more land have about 24 households.
At Polo area, D.Kharshiing, ADM and Bah G.Dhar, EM in the presence of Police, officials from the Urban Development Department and Shillong Municipal Board and Bah Alan Roy Jyrwa, EO Bah Wahid Nongbri, EE, Executive Engineer PHE, GSWA Div-I and A. Laloo, IS from the Office of Economic & Statistics.
So far, two NPP MLAs, Ferlin Sangma and Benedic Marak, have resigned from the NPP and joined the BJP.
Compared to the annual budget of T.2,122 crore in 2009-2014, in the last eight years, there has been a 370% increase in the annual budget of T.9,970 crore.
After this, Bah Paul Lyngdoh stood up and asked when the special motion will be allowed to be discussed and the Lamphang said that it will be discussed tomorrow.
The Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya, on Thursday donated hand sanitizers and masks to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
He said that up to 70% of the drugs that have entered Meghalaya have come through East Jaintia Hills, and therefore the work of the district police needs to be strengthened.
The wisdom and understanding of the voters of the State will bring about a clean governance, the future of your children.
The school where the child goes is about four kilometers away from his home and every day he has to walk to school. He said he leaves home at 7:3 He said that when he came back, he came on foot, but even when he was at school, he was sick. He said that people came to send him to school for treatment. during your half-day.
The Incharge of the CDPO, Ms. D.Iakai, explained about the program to provide nutritious food to children under 6 years of age and also to second mothers. The Incharge also urged all the women who attended the program to cooperate with the ASHAs in breastfeeding their children. education to the villagers on the topic of eating healthy foods.
The stolen motorcycle belonged to Bah Shngaiñborlang Lartang who bought it from a friend.
The Chief Minister recently commented on the refusal of the KHADC to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the State Transport Department for the construction of the railway line. in Ri-Bhoi District which is scheduled to be implemented and started within 2023 and in this statement, the Chief Minister has tried to address the problems faced by the people of Ri-Bhoi District. He added that the urgent need for a railway line is to facilitate the transportation of goods. goods and food at such times.
The ECI has also ordered a ban on entry and exit with the Assam border until October 2, he said.
However, we urge the Harijan community to accept the relocation to the place provided by the Government for your people and leave the metor area peacefully.
The meeting was attended by UALA Chairman Novembirth Marak , General Secretary Nagra and Commander in Chief , UALA Eliast Dakchak along with four other members of the party, the meeting was held with the ksiang including Rev Janang Marak and Rev Frithing D Sangma, both church leaders.
Shillong, July 24, 2013: The DC has promised to take the necessary measures so that the traffic of the people will not be affected, said a statement from Bah Daniel Khongsit President WJYC. The National Organization of Bangladesh (NESO) today said that it is against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, which means that Bangladeshis of Hindu religion and those who are not of Hindu religion They should be recognized as Indian citizens.
The Prime Minister also urged the Government of India to set up warehouses in good conditions that will help the farmers.
The Hindu belief is that by feeding the cows on the day of Makar Sankranti, there is a great blessing for those who feed the cows.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong expressed his gratitude that Nongkhrah Village after many years has received a proper Dorbar Hall to carry out the work of the village. The opening of the new Ïing Dorbar today is one of the development projects and through this Ïing Dorbar the village leaders will be able to shape the village.
Teilinia is the incumbent MDC while Hamletson Dohling is a former KSU leader but Congress candidate Jonas Steven Syiem cannot be counted as he has received the support of MLA Ronnie. Priest.
If the people do not feel safe and secure to live in the state, the government has to take responsibility.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Shanlang Khongsit, Rangbah Kur.
Shillong: To commemorate the day when Shri C Rajagopalachari, Governor General of India, (now called President of India after 1950) approved and signed the Treaty of Accession with the Ninety-nine years ago on 17th August 1948, the fifth group of the Federation of Khasi States, the group of Chiefs of the Khasi Hills as part of the To commemorate the 17th August 2020, on the same day, they visited the office of Meghalaya BJP, Bivar Road Shillong, led by Paiem Kestonbel M Syiemlieh, Dy Syiem Nongkhlaw Hima. John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, FKS, Paiem Habapan S Syiem, Joint Secretary, FKS, Bah Khlainni Wandonbok Jyrwa, Minister of Lawkhla, Nongspung Hima, S Sohliya, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, J Hunter Jarain, Joint Secretary of Nongmynsaw Hima. Ernest Mawrie, President, Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and other office bearers of the Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) handed over the donation collected from the Khasi and Jaintia Hills through a check of INR 1,15,0 Khadsan Hajar ) as a contribution to the Prime Minister's Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund (PM CARES Fund).
She also expressed her concern that the government has not invited the teachers to talk on the issue of provincialization of the services of the teachers of the state.
Bijoy Kumar Hrangkhawl, President of TIPRA, said it was (L) Professor GG Swell who asked him to ensure the Sixth Schedule in Tripura to protect the indigenous people.
He said: “That he knows Respondent No.1, Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy, and proves that he is a Khasi.
However, the CEM said that it has been implemented without consulting the people under the 6th Schedule.
He added that many of those leaders who claim to be leaders are trying to mislead the people by promising government jobs, but not saying that they will not give jobs to the people. All the youth are wrong, but this government is trying to create opportunities and especially to work with SHGs or other groups to set up their own businesses so that the youth and the people can “It is not an easy task to provide government jobs to all the youth who have reached tens of thousands,” he added.
After this, we will decide what punishment will be imposed on those involved,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Benal Lyngdoh, resident of Umpling, said that he sent the song to his daughter in Bangalore on 12th July 2013, but the song worth about T.63,0 They went away without reaching the place where he had sent them.
Has all the land in the country been occupied by foreigners? The fact is that only one or two or 10 troh of land owners own and own only land as big as Shillong, while other land owners live without land and live in poverty. hire.
Nongpoh, March 10: The University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya (University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya) has decided to invite new students for the year 2023 and also to bring about creativity among the students. The Freshers Social Meet 2023 was held at the University of Baridua, Khanapara, Meghalaya.
Media reported that 306 people were arrested in connection with the protests against the Prophet Muhammad.
These writers have had the opportunity to meet and talk to some of the patients who have been healed through this Bible Convention and the healing of the sick.
The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Mawhati Circle has expressed its regret over the silence of the state government regarding the Umsohlait Police Station which has been neglected since it was inaugurated in 2017 by Bah HDR. Lyngdoh (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) who was the Minister of Home Affairs at that time.
Purity Phawa, Organizing Secretary, said, “For this special prayer, various religious groups and civil society organizations have been invited to attend this prayer”.
They grow rice, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sohkhia, pathaw, nei, many varieties of soybeans, sorghum, soybeans, soybeans, soybeans, sohpriam, soybeans, kait, soybeans and others, but not all varieties of soybeans. it is better not to eat insects and destroy trees.
In Hyderabad, 20 kilograms of rice was sold at Rs 3,040 per kg after an increase of Rs 140 per kg from the usual price.
Officers may travel abroad only twice in a year, and it is stipulated that before traveling for the second time, they must submit a report explaining the first trip, and if the report is good, they can go a second time.
Furthermore, this program has helped the youth who have completed the training to earn a living.
Also present on the occasion were Brolding Nongsiej MLA Mawthadraishan, A. Nongbri, SDO Mairang, Samla Benningstar Lyngkhoi, H. Kharkongor, SDPO Mairang, Jana SDPO Sohra, Regent Singh RSM. Amrit Cement, President and Secretary David Diengdoh and others who also distributed the awards.
The JSM has given until the 21st of this month to the State Government to explain to the public on the construction of the Border Police Outpost by the Assam Government in Saba, West Jaintia Hills. and to the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday to demand a public explanation on the construction of the Assam Police Station which was inaugurated by MLA Rupsing Teron and MLA Boithalangso LAC on the 12th of this month. One of the battalion camps which Assam has already built is at Saitsama in 2019 and unfortunately the District West Jaintia Hills has not been able to stop it.
“He said that the MPs who will lead from Shillong seat at this time should carry the message that until the ILP is implemented, the railway will not work.
She said that if she gets 8,000 votes from constituencies without NPP MLAs and 10,000 votes from constituencies with NPP MLAs, she will get 3.20 lakh votes from 36 constituencies. success.
The Government of India through the Department of Food Civil Supplies and Public Distribution will distribute foodgrains to the beneficiaries under the National Food Security Act including AAY and PHH for one year from 1st July to 31st November
On the other hand, Bah Lang said that in the 2018 election, he supported Bah Olan Sing Suiñ and he understands the value of electing a leader and after the candidate did not reach the goal, he decided to leave. to join hands with Bah HM Shangpliang.
Lee Yong Lepcha, who scored three wickets for Meghalaya in the first innings, scored two runs while Ankur scored 22 runs for Raj Biswa.
“We have given up to 60 names of North Eastern rebel hideouts in Bangladesh to the Border Security Force,” said Sudhir Kumar Srivastava, IG, BSF Assam Frontier.
While Rtn.
Guwahati: Assam Police have arrested two persons for smuggling stolen cows from Raha in Nagaon district of Assam.
He said two teams of police under the leadership of the Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy.SP) and Sub Inspector have been sent to ensure peace and order along the border.
Hundreds of police officers have not yet announced their results.
I am well and now I am undergoing treatment at AIIMS. Those who have met me in the past few days, please check their health,” said Arjun Meghwal in a tweet. .
Army spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor posted the video in a tweet, writing that Ghaznavi could fly and fire at a distance of 290 kilometres.
In relation to complaints on saving schemes and postal life insurance, the account number, policy number and full address of the savers or insurers are required.
Civilians and soldiers as well," Zelensky said in a video address.
Even after India and the Hima Jaintia gained independence from the British rulers on 15th August 1947, this District of Dolloi Nongphyllut was within the border of the British Empire. Jowai Sub-Division at that time.
“I don't know when they will answer but under the leadership of the Indian government before they take any decision they have to consider carefully because it is not possible to judge only one side,” he added.
Shillong, Lber : The Additional Superintendent of MIMHANS, Lawmali, Shillong has confirmed a case of Manikola Lama, wife of (L) Karma Lama, 55 years old. at Cantonment Police Beat House on 23.11.2022 at 4:30 pm.
It is expected that many climbers from the state will come forward to take part.
In this market, there were various shops including food shops, shops selling handicrafts and furniture made of wood and siej, shops selling clothes and others. others have been set up by private entrepreneurs and government departments as well.
Modi said no one dares to speak against the Gandhi family because they will not allow anyone to make mistakes.
These will be the worst affected victims of the subject Social Science in
The committee has been named “Anti-Covid-19” and its headquarters will be at Seiñduli.
Even when there is no job, he says that he shuts up from his house but he has never tried to steal from people.
“Amazon India has improved my community.
They also said that in the past, the village was bigger than now, because many of the people who lived in the village had left to live in other villages, for the sake of to facilitate transportation, children's schools, health centers and others.
The Executive Engineer PWD informed the Minister that it has been proposed to build a 7 km road for the village and that the DPR for this has already been prepared.
DC EJH demands improvement and increase of shops of SBYWA Dangshen residents have accused the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills.
This book tells when PCI started and its development to date.
The suspects fled in a Maruti car towards Myntang River to Laskein Palace and were chased by Ladrymbai Police and VDPs.
Meanwhile, Ladthadlaboh beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 2-0
We hope you have understood how the Mission helps.
He used new research methods and found that the story of the children of Israel in the book of Judges is the story of the children of Israel's efforts to create and build society, government, the work of a new agriculture and trade in the land of Canaan in the third to first centuries BC.
ai is to bring a happy workplace and keep a group of young employees highly engaged at work and inspire them to feel involved.
They explained many ways after completing the training so that they can stand on their own feet and also how to find jobs and take job examinations.
He said that he will be with this mission in all aspects that these orphans need.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sought clarification from the Department of Health Services (DHS) on the allegation that 11 out of 14 candidates who received the doctoral examination (MBBS) through the Open Category of the State Quota, are persons from outside the State of Meghalaya.
ICMR chief Balram Bhargava today said the second sero survey, in which blood samples were taken from 29,082 people from 700 households, has been conducted. These include 70 urban districts and 21 states and these are the ones visited during the first visit of the ICMR staff. In urban areas, the number of homeless people increased by 15.6 percent, while in urban areas, where there are no homeless people, the number increased by 8.2 percent and in rural areas, the number of homeless people increased by 15.6 percent. in the tongue 4.4 percent.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills District on Monday elected its new Village Officers and renewed the Waheh Shnong.
This decision was taken at the Elaka Dorbar chaired by the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Chawas Lyngdoh in the presence of Waheh Shnongs from 40 villages, parents and youth. Dorbar Hall of Raliang Village on Tuesday.
These allegations by the opposition leader are unthinkable and unacceptable and it is clear that they are trying to divert the investigation into the fact that he was looking for personal reasons. .
Rs 5,000 crore project to expand and modernize fire services across statesRs 2,500 crore project to reduce flood risk in nine most populous cities – Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, The National Landslide Risk Mitigation Project of Rs 825 crore to prevent landslides for 17 States and Union Territories, he said. Under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, all the states have worked hard to achieve this goal in the past five years. they are generally important for formulating and updating policies in the country.
Hundreds of devotees from Ladlakadong Parish and neighboring parishes like Ladrymbai Parish, Amlarem and Khliehriat Parish attended the opening ceremony of the Borghat Catholic Church.
A few minutes after Kong Ampareen urged the VPP supporters to go home, there was a heated argument between the NPP supporters who were angry over the The VPP supporters have reached the point of physical violence.
“There have been deaths in the Sohra area because they don't know what will happen to them since the ban on coal mining,” said Bah Chyne.
When Jesus heard that the Jews said, “We know him.
In 1863, when Mile Singh was the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the Foreign Government wanted to get some land in Shillong. your Agreement.
At the same time, he said that he would have known that the people were against having a Kyiad shop in the area, which means that he did not want to oppose what the people were against.
In the second match, Sanmer will play against Metalicca Rising Star.
Therefore, in order to strengthen the opposition to the plan of the Assam government to set up a police station in this area, I also urge all the Sengbhalang in the District and State to come and join hands, in order to set up a police station. They strongly opposed the proposal to set up a police station in the area which is still within the border of Meghalaya.
The former Umroi MLA has been given the NPP ticket to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections against the incumbent MP and MPCC President Vincent H Pala. .
The Dorbar also presented a report on the appointment of two full-time Dolloi, namely the Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka, Chanki Lyngdoh and the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, Slong Lamare. They are appointed in accordance with Articles 5 and 6 of the Dolloi/Sirdar and Waheh Shnong.
The union requests all the teachers of Upper Primary Schools under the banner of MUPSTA, Jowai Unit, Amlarem Unit and Khliehriat Unit to take their time to attend this meeting to discuss many issues. which are relevant for the well-being of teachers and of schools as a whole.
The residents of Ramkheng, don't know what kind of weapon it is, but there were foreigners in the past who used to visit this place, but in the past few years, someone has stolen this weapon. until there was only one sign left.
Referring to the ILP, he said that in 2013 he and his fellow MLAs supported the demand for ILP and at that time it was the first time to dissolve the House. The bill in which the MLAs have turned to the table of the Lamphang is a bill with a purpose, he said.
At the same time, he said the PDF is trying to strengthen the party and has empowered four MLAs to submit a report to the Central Working Committee (CWC) soon.
New Delhi: Rakesh Tikait, leader of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), today said that the current government of India is not led by the Indian government. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), however, is run by companies.
Let us consider some Bible examples of the true Bible.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC will host Gokulam Kerala FC in their sixth home match of the I-League 2018/19 at JN Stadium Shillong today at 5PM. Shillong Lajong have three matches left in the tournament against Gokulam Kerala, Aizawl FC, Mohun Bagan and SSA Counter Polo from 10 AM. it needs three points from these games because it is in danger.
From time to time, it has been witnessed that the people are shocked and confused when natural disasters especially the earthquake come by running and lyniar. They should be prepared and should know how to prepare for such incidents through such training.
On the part of Bah Golden Marbanïang, he also thanked the leaders of the club for their hard work in the sports club.
She said that this year the road has been improved and cleaned with the assistance of the PWD department and there has been no felling of trees from Law Lyngdoh (Law Kyntang), but there has been improvement and She said that the road was also dug to avoid the trees from the Law Kyntang and it is also a private land near the Law Kyntang. and some of the small trees have been cut down on the rocks which need to be dug and repaired and there has been a joint supervision from us the rulers and the elders of all these works.
She said that the BSF troops have planned to move the camp to Ri Bhoi, but due to the lack of approval from the District Council, the work has been suspended.
The three-day tournament will feature 100 metres, 400 metres, 600 metres, 1500 metres, 4×100 metres, Long Jump, High Jump, Shoot Put, Discus throw, Javelin Throw and Medley race.
“The current political situation is like what happened in 2004 and there is no need for a single government to rule in 2019 and there will be no party that will be self-sufficient,” Pawar said. .
However, the people of these countries still give them a little bit of urban power, as is the case in foreign countries and in Hynniewtrep where the royal households still take part in the administration of the city. you iit- you kingdom.
For the future of the hospital, Dr RR Hughes relied on the strength, skills and knowledge of skilled local doctors such as Dr Romily Basawmoit, Dr Jerisim Dkhar, Dr Frank Niangti, Dr S.S Sharma.
Assam, Tripura, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur and Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 06: A woman on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station against a foreigner for allegedly trying to rape her while they were sitting together. in the car to go to Rynjah.
On the other hand, Dr LR Bishnoi confirmed that a case has been registered and the investigation has started.
In the men's category, West Jaintia Police beat PFH FC 6-3
The answer to this depends on our personal understanding.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has announced that it has been involved in the second IED blast at Star Cement; On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, said that he is not sure whether the HNLC is involved, but those who are involved in the case, the police will search for these people. in order to prosecute them under the law, and to prevent such incidents.
In response, he said, “What you see is not the full and final truth.
Many tragic events have happened.
The reason why this issue has arisen is that in these days, the markets have been opened, the liquor shops have been opened, the traffic has been opened; they were allowed to work in the fields; but so far, we see, that the most important issues that remain are (i) schools and (ii) churches.
How much is the price of three gold coins to make a sati synjat?
Ardent said that many parties in these days have been trying to win the 2023 elections, by comparing them to those farmers who know how to raise cattle. but the wild beasts of the field know not how many they have.
Like the poor families in other villages, he said that there are many poor families in the village, who have faced difficulties in getting food items and that is because they don't have money. They don't have to buy food, because they are the only people who live by the wages of the day.
The Congress party strongly opposes the Farmers' Produce Trade (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020 and the Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, to be submitted to Parliament, for the purpose of passing it into law.
TUR said that the amendment to the Contractors Act could affect their working hours and the contracts between companies and employees.
“We must manage the various water sources in the State and strive to conserve water as much as possible, using various modern methods.
Of course, doing the same job gives a person experience only in that job but he doesn't get experience in other kinds of jobs.
The conference was held at the State Convention Center Shillong today.
At present, many Bangladeshis have become citizens of India, he said.
The ceremony was held at the Shillong War Memorial, Rhino by Lieutenant General RP Kalita, General Officer Commanding (GOC-in-C). Eastern Command of the Indian Army in the presence of Major General RK Jha, GoC 101 Area and troops of Headquarters 101 Area.
Even now, the employment and income are not enough and it is difficult to revive and recover from the damage.
All that is needed is the support of his allies, especially the Congress party, in order to form a synrop in the country including other ethnic parties.
We will try to find out which group is the real one because the NSCN has groups and we will have to find out whether it is the NSCN or other groups and we will have to find out whether it is the NSCN or other groups. " he said.
Shillong, March 21: The mid-term elections for Nongstoin constituency will be held on 21st November 2015 and the counting of votes will be held on the 24th.
Khliehriat, November 20: The Waheh Shnong of Pyrtakuna, Bah L.Bareh, has expressed his deep sorrow over the increasing traffic jam on the National Highway in Narpuh area. Because of the deterioration of the road, during the rainy season, the road is filled with soil and when it rains a little, the road is filled with soil.
The Chief Minister's Office said that the students will be transported by plane prepared by the Office of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and in collaboration with the Indian Army, these students will be accompanied by the army from their place of residence to Imphal Airport.
This is the fourth cow that has eaten the milk," said the father.
Details will be announced by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The epicenter of the 4.2 magnitude earthquake was 80 km.
Shillong: A complaint has been received on 16th June 2023, that an IB officer from the Ministry of Home Affairs, who does not claim to be an IB officer, has offered to employ people in the Secretariat. , Shillong, through the MPSC and DSC and has handed over to the people, to collect money, from those who want to do these jobs and in this collection, they have been able to raise up to T.80 lakh from 38 people. people, in the past decade.
On the other hand, Sumki Degum Project Co-ordinator, Don Bosco University, North East Assam, informed about the work that the team has done for the villagers since the awareness campaign in their villages. Degum said such NGOs were selected to help disseminate information to the public.
However, at the time of writing, the Infiltration has not yet arrested the fugitives from Assam, but has only arrested those people who have not been able to produce their documents. These foreigners, who could not produce proper documents, were deported from their place of origin.
It contains about 130-150 calories and about 105 calories are for bones.
It's time to shet time.
About 20 people are reportedly recruiting new members every day in the eastern Syrian city of al-Bab, among other places.
The VPP has made a mistake in releasing a song on Teacher Day in government schools which is not appropriate because it is a political song.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers in Polo, who have been sent a notice by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to demolish their shops and buildings, have been waiting until 10th November to receive the hearing. you are the Court.
Former Royal Wahingdoh youth player Rikcy John Shabong has agreed to sign a contract with Punjab FC, which is also in the Indian Super League (ISL) this season. 2023-24.
J.Narlong scored a hat-trick in the 12th, 19th and 36th minutes, while R.Dkhar (48) and D.Syngkli (61) scored the other goals. ) in the Group-A match between Kick Start Football Coaching Center and Lawei Smit SC. They didn't score a goal until the end of the game.
They came to experience these characteristics of the world of Meghalaya.
However, what is most interesting in the RTI request of Bah Disparsing for the Swadesh Darshan Scheme is that one of the most expensive projects is the Sound & Light Show, which costs up to 6 crore 54 lakh 93 thousand 958 tyngka and in his inspection, he did not find the existence of it and which is very sympathetic to the Seng Khasi.
Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar, who is a TMC MP in the Lok Sabha, had to appear in the Lok Sabha today to protest against the increase in prices of commodities in recent days. and she spake unto him, while she was speaking in the synagogue.
According to the CEM, Bah Khymdeit will no longer receive even the money he has saved, besides the GPF and other benefits provided by the Council to the employees.
Reham, 48, has been strongly opposed to her ex-husband and that she does not approve of his work as prime minister of Pakistan.
The MHRC has given 30 days to the CS of the state to submit a report on the assistance provided by the government to the quarantine centers in the state.
It was also announced that no plastic items from water bottles and others will be allowed. Chairman of KHCF Antonio War said that KHCF has prepared all the necessities.
According to police, the victim is a resident of Gurugram and reported the abduction on 10th June. Manesar Police Station.
Before Jesus entered the Golden Gate of Jerusalem, Jesus looked at the city of Jerusalem and wept for it saying – “Oh if you had not known .
“We know this and now they have fallen into their own trap by saying that the NPP Government is the most corrupt Government in the country.
In West Garo Hills, there are five cases including three high risk cases, one screening case and one returnee.
The Vice Chancellor, CAU, Imphal, Dr Anupam Mishra, in his welcoming remarks, welcomed the proposal of Dr. Himanshu Pathak to provide support in the field of agricultural research. within this university.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang in Jowai has advised the district authorities to continue using the landfill at Mynkjai, Amlarem to dispose of the garbage collected from Ïawmusiang. new location within three days.
Shillong: Officers of the MeECL Engineers Association, will hold a placard rally tomorrow, 11th July 2020, across the State on the occasion of the temporary suspension of a U.S. Engineers Association (MEECL). Engineer of MeECL, in the past few days, in charge of the Leshka Project.
“We will move forward from one victory to another,” said the army chief, who explained that the army is still fighting hard to eradicate such insurgents and opposition groups.
They include Padma Shree Award winner, Bah Risingbor Kurkalang in the field of traditional music, Sbunbha Kharumnuid, poetry writer and Dr Amanda A Pakynteiñ, step school teacher. awarded the Best Woman Guru Award at the 4th International Inspirational Women Awards (IIWA) this year.
They also discussed the marketing of Shynrai Lakadong which is now well known for its curcumin content. Farmers were trained not to increase the amount of curcumin in the soil and to fight as much as possible. use natural fertilizer so that the soil will survive forever.
The Friendship Bridge between India and Bangladesh, formerly known as the Maitri Setu in Sabroom area of ​​Tripura, will be commissioned in July this year. current.
Those who did not vote are those who say that it doesn't matter if they don't vote because one vote cannot create the world.
The Academy shall publish books which shall be translated from Khasi into other languages ​​or from others into Khasi.
Also present were the Chairman of the Council, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member in charge of Market Department, Teibor Pathaw, Executive Member in charge of Council Building, Peter J. Lawai, Sordar of Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong, Bah Wallambok Kharsati, General Secretary, Village Leaders from different parts of Mawryngkneng Village, elders and others.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction that after the follow-up of the party, the Government has gone ahead to set up the committee and expects it to do what is right on its part.
In recognition of his outstanding contribution to the state and India, the Union of Riti Academy has honored and awarded him the Ma S Quotient Summer-2023 Memorial Award.
The Sordar and Secretary of the village said that there is mutual understanding and cooperation within the village in all matters.
Another victim was Yash Rumugude, a resident of Mumbai.
These foreigners who intended to enter Meghalaya came in three vehicles, which were from Assam and were private vehicles.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MSA) has worked with the Khasi Authors' Society to promote the writing of literature in modern languages ​​and according to the text.
“It's not for anyone personally, but for the issues that the MDA government is slow to implement in the state and you don't need to know me”.
However, non-Khasi who have Khasi husbands if they do not have Professional Tax or their employees to have Labor License, we also have to close (the shops) and we will not allow to open," he said.
Chhetri had two shots but Lachenpa had both.
Soon after, some of them were able to leave by car, train and those who were still stranded in their places.
The Renault SUV (AS 01 FB 0762) from Assam, driven by Agni Prabha Roy and three of his friends from Assam, escaped from the scene. The vehicle collided with a truck at Laitkor.
After the formation of the committee, the KSU together with these youth organizations from different villages, have also decided to cooperate with the Anti-Narcotics Task Force of the Police Department, so that the destroy Drok will succeed.
At the start of the quarter final, the 24-year-old Vondrousova drew 4-4 after Pegula started to decline.
The order therefore directs the State Government or the Government of India not to accept the conversion of any non-Khasi without the approval of the Khasi District Council.
He also expressed his difficulties in serving in the field of health care, in which he said that in the past, when he was asked to serve the people through the talents that God has given him, he used to take money. He said that there are some types of medicines that have to be bought from elsewhere and which are more expensive to mix with herbs. , and it is difficult for them to continue this work if the people do not think of more financial assistance.
He arrived in Ri Khasi near the end of
A total of 15 children and students were honored.
Shillong: U Chief Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Bindo M Lanong, on Tuesday said that even though he is old, he will still be able to serve the people of the state as a leader for two terms. work something.
The ceremony was led by a traditional dance by the youth of the Ummulong Church and a beautiful song by the Quire.
Although the population of the state is not equal to that of other parts of the country, it has to be looked at from the size of the area.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday ordered that the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, has convened a meeting on 22nd July The Deputy Commissioners have been directed to take an urgent decision on the increasing number of land dealers in different parts of Shillong. walk and stand, and walk in the paths.
I heard that they are saying that Bah Ardent should be named because he is a Dkhar, now they are saying that Bah Paul.
The victims were identified as Bah Biangki Phawa, 31, his wife Pynjanai Ryngkhlem, 25, two sons of Edify Ryngkhlem, 6, and Wiladaroi Ryngkhlem. only 3 years old.
Of the 19.75 km length, 10.26 km falls under Assam and 9.49 km falls under Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkynrew Circle in East Khasi Hill District has demanded that the government should provide a good road to the Mawkynrew area which is lagging behind in many aspects.
However, educated people don't want anything.
He said that the purpose of the state police's visit is to investigate whether the cause of death of the girl was her own death or for suspicious reasons.
Sunalinda Iawren (8′, 24′, 29′, 53′) scored four goals alone.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down the suspects.
Market visitors will be entertained by the Nexus Band.
Without turning around, you can clearly see the abandonment of the fields.
Paragraph 3 of the Reservation Policy states that in that case, this 0.4 share shall be counted as 1 share, so that that group does not lose its share.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday admitted that the state government will not invite the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) for further meetings. The purpose is to relocate them from Them Iew Mawlong.
Nongpoh: The National Highways Authority (NHAA) has issued a statement saying that the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District has been hit by a lot of accidents. of India (NHAI) and that they operate vehicles that climb and descend only on one road.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 107 with 12 new cases in Maharashtra, the health ministry said. India.
Regarding the smuggling of these foreigners into the state without proper documents, the union understands that there are people who are like smugglers, therefore the union strongly warns against The chess players should not be involved in smuggling and if the party finds out, it will give a strong warning.
They also informed that the main purpose of holding this public meeting is after many of the people have been misunderstood on this issue which has caused them a lot of concern as village leaders. The meeting was held to explain to the public that the purpose of this meeting is to bring about a clean environment in the village, and also that there is no impact on the health or safety of the villagers. The environment is also protected through the implementation of Solid Waste Management.
Why? Because it is not easy to speak of the nation from Mawprem as it is from Nongkrem.
Especially those who come from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi, the future of the youth of the country is in your hands now.
Except for death to separate a husband or a wife from a marriage.
So far, only one person has died, from Hailakandi.
John 19:30.
Ma Sniaw said he is confident that he will win the elections in
As a reminder,the above stated JNV school was closed on the 28th June 2019 after the Environment Committee inspected the school and found that the Sewage Treatment Plant of the school was not functioning.
On the basis of the language characteristics and the existence of those ethnic groups, for example, Maharashtra only for Marathi speakers, Gujarat for Gujarati speakers, Bengal for Bengali speakers, and the most surprising thing is how the Bodo, Mizoram for the Mizo, and other smaller people entered first because of their bloody struggle than us the larger paid Khasi.
When asked whether the UDP will be ready to form an alliance with other political parties, Mawthoh said the party does not want to form an alliance with any party, as it has become a party. He added that the party has also decided to contest in the GHADC to bring about clean governance in the District Council.
Sohra MLA TW Chyne, who is a member of the committee, said that the PUC has set a date for the MeECL officers to come and give their reply. on the problems of the people especially in the rural areas.
After looking into the video received from some people who complained to the Seng, it found out that the vehicle was real and the same people were standing together. and other Scooty and a vehicle whose number plates were not found in the video, so the union has handed over these people to the law enforcement authorities for severe punishment according to the law.
Timothy was supported by Jim M Sangma and Rakkam Sangma.
She said this means that about 20.28 percent of the 1,011 beds in hospitals reserved for Covid patients have been filled.
Robert, has been in poor health for several months, and on the 11th of this month, Ampareen wrote on Twitter that Robert has been admitted to the hospital. ICU.diseases are the only reason.
He said that the church now relies on the wisdom of the Dorbar Shnong Umdihar to do what is necessary.
Gajendra Singh Shekhawat – Minister of Hydropower1
The Congress party's support is very low in Shella.
“The office bearers confirmed today include Balajied Synrem as Advisor, Working President Remington Pyngrope, Monarch Shabong and Dr OS Jyrwa, while Wellbirth Rani has been elected. as Vice President and others,” he said.
A few hours later, a man was arrested and when questioned, he said he had committed the crime and he was also the Area Commander of the Shillong Region of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
“If you don't want to be tested, you don't have to be tested, the Government of India says you don't have to be symptomatic, you have to go to the hospital within 14 days. , those who have contact with those who are sick, those who are suffering from other diseases,” he said.
This Drop In Center is especially for senior citizens, where they can meet together and spend their time in games, painting, music and other entertainment. to make glad and glad them that are old.
On behalf of Umsyiem Village through the Rangbah Shnong, they express their gratitude to all the Village Authorities in the state as well as to the State Government and especially to the Chief Minister Shri.Conrad Sangma and the Deputy Chief. Hon'ble Minister Shri.Prestone Tynsong who has taken the initiative to fight against COVID-1
In another report, the damage to houses caused by the storm and cold weather on Tuesday night in Maheskhola area of ​​Ranikor C&RD Block, has damaged up to 500 houses. FD Basan, Block Development Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, said:
“I believe that now you will give me back your trust because I don't have time to think about myself but I think only about you,” he said.
Lahkmen Rymbui will be appointed as the Minister of Border Area Development, Education, Home (Police) and District Council Affairs.
Victoria D Kharkongor was found dead in the toilet at Dispur police station in Assam on the night of 5th November, hours after being handed over to the police by the International Hospital, Guwahati. she created a stir inside the hospital after being admitted for treatment.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has made a great contribution to the community especially in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. 19.
The Hon'ble Court in its judgment dated 5th November, 2013 in SLP(C) No.21455 of 2008 among others urged the Electoral Commission of India to prepare guidelines. on the election proposal to be included as parts of the Sample Regulations.
The Ministry of Transport on 25th September 2020 has issued a notice and set a new price for dewbilat transportation after several meetings to discuss the price between the JAC, JHCMA and the State Government through the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Transport Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Besides Kharkrang, H Toi, MPS, has also been elected to the post of IPS.
The incident happened on the 12th of this month.
The Gauhati High Court on June 10, 2011, following an appeal filed by the Greater Iew Polo Welfare Association (GIPWA), has suspended the decision to dissolve MUDA. The Court said that if MUDA, after conducting a thorough investigation, finds that these buildings are illegal, it can demolish them.
On the other hand, the strength of the Sangh Parivar branches to move forward, is that even the RSS members have been given training on how to use weapons of mass destruction such as knives, sums, knives. firearms and others as happened in Darrang District, Assam recently.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 23: Leaders of the Garo State People's Democratic Party (GDPP) led by Nickman Marak, President Nickman Marak, nine other members, Several members of the Indigenous People's Front (IPF) Tripura (IPF) have left for Jantarmantar Square in New Delhi from 5 pm to 5 pm.
Chau, a young American, entered the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, which is a very backward island where people live in their own world and these people don't and thou shalt not associate with strangers.
“If we fight face to face, the world will be blind,” said Dr Mawthoh, adding that the government should cooperate with political parties and religious groups because they are the leaders of the insurgents. .
For the first time since the entry of the TMC into the political arena in Meghalaya, we have seen bloodshed during the elections.
However, the group led by Bajrang Punia, Vinesh Phogat and Sakshi Malik suspended the protest after an inquiry was announced.
According to the Sub-Divisional Magistrate, this decision was taken due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 in the Sub-Division and especially in Pyndengumiong village where the Langstieh Market is located.
Shillong, March 5: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has expressed its condolences over the loss of 56 lives in the floods in Garo Hills.
for the famine is so great that they cannot even drink water.
In the second match, SBSA beat Ïalong Football Club 1-0 in the Open to All Knockout Football Tournament
This has caused a lot of concern to the passengers who used to pass through this road to avoid the traffic jam on the National Highway.
“The word Ashre refers to the quality of life and refers to a complete, perfect and adequate human being in all aspects.
At the same time, he said that the PWD department has provided an estimate of the cost of construction of the road. , will be funded by the World Bank and will be implemented in the spring months of this year, or in the early months of next year.
“We believe it is completely inappropriate to forcefully implement a labor issue without proper preparation.
The home polling is scheduled to be held on different days across the districts.
Save yourselves – Acts 2:4
The US has also said that China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) has already deployed such drones to monitor the situation in Taiwan and to know what they are doing. foreign powers are going to act and deal with Taiwan.
When such things happen, it is the women who have to come out.
Today, the city has grown bigger and bigger, there are more buildings, roads, cars, motorcycles, dozens of jobs but the land remains the same.
In a statement sent by Samla Edmund Khongngai, CEC Member and President of HYC Riwar Circle, he said that the HYC Riwar Circle is against the government for not calling for talks or opinions. from the Chief Executive Members, the Rangbah Shnongs, the Raid Sordars, the Matabors and the Elaka Sirdars.
Police said the house had three rooms and on the night of the incident, her son was sleeping in another room.
“The CBSE authorities have promised that they will provide training to our teachers.
However, the boundary settlement between the two states in Block-II is still ongoing.
Respecting traditional methods of controlling forest fires, India is developing and embracing traditional knowledge and this has resulted in a decrease in forest fires and losses.
Why shouldn't we mention the Lat or anyone else who violates the provisions of the Constitution? My speech, or that of anyone else, when I speak the truth, is not illegal.
According to these leaders, the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has refused to implement the ILP saying it is not in the manifesto of the Congress party.
Dapmon Pohtam together with Eddy Kery Pohtam President JSU War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday handed over the species to the Wildlife Division, Jowai.
However, on the HNLC's claim that while the peace talks are ongoing, the people can contribute to the Council, the DIG said, “Until now, the HNLC has been an illegal group and therefore any contributions or assistance shall be subject to the law.
Shillong, Nailur 06: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (R&B) Prestone Tynsong today left for Delhi to meet with the officials of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH). , National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and NHIDCL for the purpose of expediting the construction of highways in the state.
That is our feeling because it does not depend only on the candidate but also on the party he leads,” said Dr Kara.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Nangkiew Irat 6-2 in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
New Delhi: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has won the state assembly elections in Bihar.
The training for the tournament started in Mangaldai, Assam on November 5 and will leave their home state on November
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Lakador Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that the incident came to light after a child went missing from a village in Jowai on 25th June. .
Shillong: On the allegation by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh that the government has handed over to the District Council to draft the building laws, u Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) said that The Government on November 14, 2017 said that the Government should amend the Building Bye Laws according to the wishes of the District Council and Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, the PIL petitioner, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that the reason why the Kashari High Court has postponed the case to the 27th of this month is because of the death of one of the state's lawyers.
KS Thanga is a member of the Congress party's PAC, which was recently dismissed by Lalsauta.
Up to 12 youths from the Jowai Presbyterian Youth Assembly have donated blood to the Blood Bank Jowai.
The ITLF has also named the Chief Minister of Manipur as the instigator of the clashes and bloodshed that have taken place in Manipur since the 3rd of last month.
Regarding those houses built before 2023 after the KHADC has taken over the permit, the EM said that these houses will have to submit documents from the village leaders to verify. that they had built houses before that year.
In another match, Moosalyngkat beat Chilliangraij 3-0
“If the elections are announced, we will have to conduct Vote on Account, which means it will affect all the expenditure in all parts of the state in the next financial year and to avoid this, We have called for an immediate discussion on the Budget Session, so that we can send the Budget and we don't have to vote on Account and it will not affect the financial objectives for the financial year. "I'm sorry," said Sangma.
Other sources said that the price of pylleng has increased across India in recent days and the Assam government has set the price of pylleng not to exceed Rs. T.6.50 each in the markets of the State.
Khliehriat: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its regret over the delay in getting land from the State Government for the construction of the Entry & Exit Points at Malidor. East Jaintia Hills.
According to the Bible, in the early days of the Christian Church believers in Jesus expected that the second coming would take place in their own inheritance.
A.Sharan Senior Advocate, who appeared for the Advocate General, also expressed their opposition to the decision of the NGT, on 4th July 2019, which demanded to pay T.100 crore and The Supreme Court has directed the NGT to respond to the complaint of the Meghalaya government.
“I don't accept any organization that has done this, because those involved in this are only people who want to disrupt the peace and order in the country. state".
Thomas will be among the few Lamphangs to be elected without having to run against anyone.
It is the responsibility of the people of this area.
Jeff Bezos's space rocket, known as BLUE Origin, is 60 feet tall and the rocket, New Shepard, will launch into space today. day and the creation of the rocket, is equipped with large and bright glass windows, so that the passengers, can see with their own eyes the nature of the world around them.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh and a trophy, while the runner-up will receive a trophy. T.1 lakh and a trophy.
He said that he has been selling sohshan for two months now and he sells it at T.130 per song and every day he can sell up to 40 song.
Lahkmen Rymbui said the department has prepared for the reopening of schools after the decision to announce the results of the SSLC and HSSLC. Arts Stream on 5th July 2021 and said that it is time to start opening schools in the state like in other states of India.
In this regard, Samla Ferdynald said that the union has no objection to the opening of the Tool Gate, after the Chairman of NHAI, u They promised and responded to the demands of the union, such as the start of the construction of the Umsning By-Pass and others that are still pending in the construction of the Jerobad-Shillong Expressway.
:The Khasi song “Sbai Rupa ba kordor” was released on the 12th of November
To get coal, you have to dig 400,000 feet.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Simpleman Marwein Vice President of NBCC in the presence of Bah BK Bani, Advisor of NBCC, Bah F Lyngkhoi, Chief Advisor of NBCC. Gabriel Wahlang and N. Nongdkhar, President Delegate, Youth Congress, Women, Office Bearers of Primary Units and Sub Units also attended the meeting.
In April 1944, he led his group to the village of Tidim.
Shillong: Shops from Motphran to Khyndailad today were closed and it is understood that the closure of these shops was during the session of the State Legislative Assembly.
When MLAs are elected, it is their duty to form the Government and to decide with whom they agree to work.
The 'kha-u-jai' would not have appeared without the 'phiang-phiang-bam sih'
The stone throwing was on trucks parked on the PWD road and those who were thrown stones were those standing in line at the back of the trucks, which numbered more than 1000 trucks.
There are those whom I have given help to and as soon as I get help from me, I don't see their faces anymore,” said Bah Bindo.
Several days after two religious leaders from Shillong were blocked in Bihar while on their way to the church field, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government to ensure the safety of various religious groups across the country.
Sanjay Sawkuta took four wickets for 21 runs, Suraj Kapri took three wickets for 14 runs and Benedict Jones Makdoh took two wickets for nine runs.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong or Local Club should take responsibility for the approval of applications and send them to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District. or before 30th November, 2021 to avoid any delay in the distribution of food and beverages as well as alcoholic beverages.
It is to be recalled that the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) North Division in 2020 repaired this bridge after it collapsed in the middle of the bridge and had to temporarily close the traffic.
“Besides, she said that to improve the performance of the police, what is needed is peaceful cooperation between the police and the people.
“We in the government have to protect all the residents of the state to ensure that there will be peace and stability between the foreigners who have lived in the state for a long time and the residents of the state. I'm from Meghalaya,” he said.
They are now looking forward to the appointment of a Doctor as MHO In-Charge and the Rangbah and the people are eager to see and see the good deeds of you are an I/C Doctor now.
The top leaders of the HNLC have been angry with the politicians saying that it is because of them that the nation and the country of Hynniewtrep have been destroyed and accused the Indian government of being blind. The HNLC has proved that it is not the government of the people for the people but the government of the people. government that is for itself.
The SSSS said that this shows that the CEM and the EMs who are present in the Council are truly leaders for the people, especially their understanding of the value of traditional rule. which as a nation should be strengthened and improved from time to time and not destroyed or replaced by another idea of ​​governance.
Members of KSU President Pynkmenlang Sanmiet seized a Bolero Camper number plate ML 10 B 3595 carrying about 20 people to go to the PHC to take reports. health.
Police have taken the head to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem to find out the cause of death.
A short meeting was held at the Indoor Stadium in Umlyngka in the presence of the President of the HYC, Bah Pynskhem Kharkongor. for the victory and to bring glory to the Upper Shillong area and the nation as a whole.
The closing ceremony was attended by Ferdynald K Kharkamni, President of KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit as the chief guest. President of Nongpoh Badminton Club, Bah Bawan Marwein, Sport Secretary of RBYF and office bearers of Pahamlapong and Paham Sohthri Units.
The days are getting closer for the generation of electricity from the Umïam Dam to stop as the water level in the Dam has dropped sharply, especially if the rainfall does not help to fill the water supply in these days. .
However, ahead of the upcoming elections, he said Pakistan needs more assistance through the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to get support and borrow money from other donors.
Madrid-born Noguera rose through the ranks at Getafe CF before beginning his professional career at Rayo Vallecano.
Akshay Kumar's wife, Puneeta Devi, appeared before the court in Patiala Court today and said that the government authorities should punish her and her husband. and your little son.
The SBYWA urges the SP East Jaintia Hills to take action to provide security forces in the border villages from Borkhat, Kwator, Hingaria and other villages as the entry and exit of Bangladeshis smuggled through these areas has increased. and to punish them according to the provisions of the law.
The violence started from Monday night until today, where passengers from Meghalaya had to get off at Khanapara and take an Assam vehicle to reach Guwahati in the same way. If you are from Assam, you will not be able to travel to Shillong.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh said that if we say that we love Jesus, God and we don't know His Word, we are deceiving ourselves because Jesus said that whoever receives me will take care of them. my word.
“He needs to be well trained on how to play chess to serve the people of India.
Myrthong alleged that the reason why the HSPDP members have left the party is because of the violence of its President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
This was announced by Minimon Laloo, Publicity Secretary, Sein Jaintia Women's Wing, Shillong.
Let's go to sleep I've shot too much of my tired face".
Furthermore, the Nongkhlaw Syiemship also has villages which have been occupied by Assam and who are now in uncertainty when they will escape from the problems they face from time to time”.
Jowai, Naitung 18: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Philip Marwein, General Secretary of MEPA.
East Garo Hills has 14 cases, East Jaintia Hills 12 cases, 6 cases of ILI and 4 cases of Suchen Cluster.
However, in June, there was an incident in which the mother of a 7-year-old boy forcibly pulled him out of school to punish him for his mistakes as a child.
Rangdajied United beat Niawwasa 2-0 on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Regarding the High Court's order, Adelbert said that the fault is not with the District Council, but the District Council has already passed the Village Administration Bill without delay. “The people will protest if the state government continues to delay the Village Administration Bill,” he said.
Three other Congress MLAs have been suspended, including Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong, Bah Mahendro Rapsang from West Shillong and Kimfa S. Marbaniang. The NPP has already elected four resigned Sitting MLAs of the Congress party and two MLAs of the Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency. The PDF consists of Bah Hamletson Dohling from Mylliem Constituency and Bah Jason Mawlong from Umsning Constituency.
These diseases have claimed many lives, because those who suffer from this disease find it very difficult to recover because they have to abstain from food.
In fact, God does not cause anything to happen without telling us or understanding it.
According to the letter of explanation received on 29/04/2020, we have received an explanation.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Prime Minister said, “We have had to spend about T.3 crore per day to purchase electricity due to the weather conditions and difficulties. we face in terms of electricity production today.
The leaders in charge of the Khadar administration have a major role to play for the welfare of the people in all aspects without taking sides to eradicate poverty and backwardness in various aspects.
On the scrutiny day of the 2023 elections, out of 379 candidates, three candidates of the National People's Party (NPP) from Jaintia Hills have been nominated. Hills and one of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidates were rejected due to lack of documents.
There are no footpaths or footpaths, because they are too small or too narrow to walk alone.
As soon as there is a slight difference, there should be a discussion with those children and to find out the root cause why they are mentally weak.
“Although this is only the beginning in the breeding of crops, it has become an example for other VOs in Thadlaskein Block to start breeding of various crops and to produce seeds such as rice. The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij, West Jaintia Hills District today held a cleanliness drive on the Myntdu River by cleaning up the Myntdu River. Plastic waste and garbage covered with trees and shrubs of Wah Myntdu within the boundary of the village from Lahong to Pohsnin.
John 1:11.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 17 and WGH:
She said that there were people who had their hands well arranged, but later, it was found that they were shaking and turned into something else.
“I am pleased that the Government has accepted the demand of the residents to discuss the Reservation Policy.
He said that the CSCs have now become banks, education centres, insurance service providers, seed shops, fertilizers and other activities.
North East United FC and Shillong Lajong FC were the opening teams of the tournament where thousands of football fans came to witness the match. of these two teams which are well known in North East India and also in India as a whole.
The court ordered that until the hearing of the notice issued on 13.03/2020, it should be suspended and directed all those to comply with this order.
After receiving a letter from the General Secretary of the UDP Dr. Jemino Mawthoh that the CEC has decided to withdraw its support from the PDF, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, asked He wrote to Donkupar Sumer on 18th June 2013 to explain his decision in writing to the MDCs of KHADC.
Look at the Net Work A friend from the Umkhen area, far from Neighrims, once told me that he couldn't talk to me on his mobile because it wasn't the Net Work.
Your husband’s sweat is too previous to be wasted.10.
These ethnic minorities who tried to oppose this forced conversion through the deception of the Christian churches were shot, bombed and injured by the missionaries of the church but the police did not arrest these missionaries. “If they were arrested at the beginning of the incident, this incident would not have reached this point,” said a letter from the BJP MLAs who wanted to explain the issue to the Indian Express.
Pauldeep Tongwah, President and General Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, while speaking at the meeting, expressed their special gratitude to the two youths of the area who have become true champions of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. They are a good example for other youngsters in which they have been able to represent the state in the field of football.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the opinion of the Symbud Prime Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh that the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 is wrong.
Elbin Rani will face Saleem Khan (Jammu & Kashmir) in the feather weight category, Kharborsing Kharbani will face Devant Anil Kumar (Telangana) in the bantamweight category and Shanborlang Marbaniang will face fly weight. He will play against Anakapali Madanpratap (Andhra Pradesh).
THAT IS WHAT IT IS.Revelation 1:3
It should have stopped all these illegal activities but it has not done anything, but it has done nothing about the killing of Rohingya citizens.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency 1 said, “I am sure that I will win this MP election because the MDA stands together to contest this election.
Bah Let ordered, “All of you Rangbah, go and look for one of the sons of Bah Shanbor, who is called Hep, who has left home today.
Residents of the border area said that Bangladeshis used to enter India and commit robbery.
The Minister's visit to the district was to see how well the officers in the district have been able to do the works that have already been tendered by the PWD and how many remain. which have already been completed.
Speaking to reporters, the family members of the family said that they have already lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station against them. They demanded that the President of the party, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar and the party itself should take strict action against these members who have attacked their family members.
Bah Tableland Lyngwa has been appointed as Secretary to the Department of Community and Rural Development.
Several Waste Recovery Centers have also been set up in Shillong to streamline the treatment of waste including the Waste to Energy Plant in Tura which can treat 10 tonnes per day.
The Session Judge, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has remanded the five persons in custody for seven days.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 28: The Asian Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 was welcomed by various political parties from Ri-Bhoi district today. It will be held in Uzbekistan from 17 to 25 November.
Bah Suting is strong in the northern area especially in Myllat, while Bah Diengdoh has a strong base in Pynursla as the village chief.
The BSF said they seized counterfeit currency smuggled from Bangladesh and intended to be distributed in the Indian market.
He said that those who have been arrested are responsible for their own actions.
“I have not heard any difference of opinion in the party.
In commemoration of its 28th Anniversary, the HNLC through this statement wishes all the members of the party all the best.
Aditi Umrao, Project Director at the Relief Commissioner's Office, said that the implementation of the relief and rescue operation has not yet started.
Looking back around Shillong, we see many mansions owned by politicians, PWD/PHE engineers (from the rank of Assistant Engineer), government officers and contractors. the state government.
Furthermore, the Word of God calls us not only to believe but to trust in Him alone. “It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man.
Eilad Ksoo (30) and Degratia Dan (42) scored the second goals.
She said that these children are not children who have the opportunity to go to tuition like other children who live in the city, but they are rural children but who work hard, they have achieved distinction in subjects like Khasi, Health Education, Science & Mathematics.
According to reliable sources, so far, there are about four MLAs who have been in talks to contest from the UDP ticket in the 2023 MLA elections.
After a thorough DNA test, it was found that the man, identified as Andrew Malkinson, was not as he was charged. come batbor.
However, the answer is not clear at all and even more surprisingly, it is; No applicants have applied for these posts so far, according to the General Manager.
In this regard, we will see what the government will do in these days.
It is worth mentioning that during the election campaign in Pynursla, the Pastor has explained the various policies and policies of the Pastor who intends to work if he wins the election. he did not criticize any party or political party.
On the 8th of this month, MUDA employees had demolished about six houses allegedly occupying government land.
These 96 houses have been distributed to 64 poor households from Nongmynsong and 32 households from Pynthorbah.
Banri Khongjee Young Professional of MSRLS, Bah H Shylla, Network Development Manager, Aid and Action, Bah F Dkhar Cluster Co-ordinator, Bah F Dkhar Field Officer, Bah F Dkhar Field Officer were also present on the occasion. Aid and Action and other elders.
Israel got its name from a man whose name was Jacob.
In one day, the youth service could not clean up all the roadsides of Upper Shillong because they were too dirty and it took a lot of time to clean up only those places which were too dirty. .
Regarding this incident, Bah CB Syiem, who is also the Chairman of the Nongpoh Town Committee, has requested the District authorities, the leaders and the government, for the creation of roads. for the construction of shops inside the market.
He said that the collaboration to introduce children from Wahlakhiat and Mawlat to the Baby League tournament at the Polo Ground has led to the selection of Banpliebok Khongjoh to Hyderabad for further training in football. of Baichung Bhutia Football Academy.
“We are confident that in the next fiscal year, we will see the start of scientific coal mining,” he said.
Lapang's remarks came after some MLAs of the party had spoken against the party and its leaders at a public meeting despite being in the party.
After the Tynrai dance, the Mastieh dance was held in the ground floor of Wamon's house with the ksing and dhah from the harmuid, the dhulia and the youths who performed the dance.
The purpose of this test is also to reduce the expense of parents on the examination fees, but this will increase the expense of parents by three times.
According to the RTI, the MTC said it did not know why the helicopter was suspended by the Meghalaya government.
The world record for the Half Martahon is 57:31 seconds held by Uganda's Jacob Kiplimo.
These youths should come at 9 pm to the office of the party at Tuber Kmai Shnong on the 24th November 2014 for the purpose of arranging the work for them. beat the work of the Raij.
The talks between the CoMSO and Dr Mukul Sangma have not reached an agreement as the CoMSO has insisted that the MRSSA should be amended, as it is not sufficient and many of the rules do not agree. and many are not.
Earlier, on July 30, the Supreme Court of India had heard a petition filed by a group from West Khasi Hills regarding the suspension of 30 lakh metric tons of coal. ton, which had just been left outside the caves and had been mined from the coal mines.
Pyrkhat Paslein (3, 42), Pyrshang Tangliang (9, 27), Ngaitmi Syngkon (70) and Sunny Son Sutnga (69) scored the six goals for Iooksi.
Millions of war refugees after India's independence (1947) or those who fled the 1972 war in East Pakistan (or present-day Bangladesh) have entered safely with the blessing of Delhi and with the promise to leave after the war.
The opening ceremony was organized by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Nongstoin in collaboration with the Directorate of Health Services (MI), Meghalaya and the Health Engineering Wing, Meghalaya, Shillong.
Bah Sadon Blah has been the leader of the HNLC in the peace talks with the state government as well as with the Indian government.
“I feel something.
“It is from the RTI request at the NEC that it was found that the NEC has already released more than Rs 22 lakh to the state government through the Commissioner of Transport Department, but for more than a year the department has not received it. to release this money to the owners of these vehicles,” he added.
Important The Emergency Electrician does not delay in arriving at the time of customer need.
The union has announced that it will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor the development works that Jowai deserves.
Wankitbok Pohshna, state vice president of the BJP, said in a statement, “We have recently seen in the newspapers and heard from above that the BJP and the NPP are the same.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP candidate Bah Anthony Kongwang promised to look after the problems of the area and the long-standing desire of the Riwar Mihngi for the establishment of a Government College in Pursue.
According to Wahlang, the piat was imported from Turkey and he confirmed it through the stamps and seals on the bags of the piat and the piat arrived in Nongstoin on 28th July and it was also said that the total value of the piat is worth more than Rs 6 lakh.
Marian Hill beat Jaintia High School 1-0 while Jowai Presbyterian High School beat Trangblang Govt School 1-0
Left groups claimed that 50 of their members were injured in the shooting, while the ABVP claimed that 10 of its members were injured.
Because if there is him as the head of the district, they will not be able to recruit their people.
When asked about the reasons for the deterioration of the medicines, the Superintendent of the hospital declined to comment, saying that it is up to the authorities to look into it and he will hand it over to the authorities. the report of the investigation.
This influx of job seekers is not only inside the PWD office but it has been seen from time to time that in every office that advertises vacancies , hundreds and thousands of job seekers have applied for only a few jobs the Posts are free.
Two important issues were also discussed at the meeting for the implementation of the peace talks in the state.
Because it is still in court, I don't want to say anything on this,” said Conrad.
A complaint has been lodged with the Pynursla Police Station.
Both Balen and Kyrshan admitted that they are the presidents of AJCCTA while Balen's group admitted that it had already elected office bearers on the 2nd of this month.
Motorcycle drivers are urged to cooperate with the village to avoid injuries to passengers.
If the Forest Department of Assam continues to collect revenue like this, it is against the will of the people.
The Nongtrei Council also welcomed the request of the SP and appealed to the District Council.
He said that Umpling village has about 2300 households and produces about 5 tonnes of nut daily and out of this 40 percent is biodegradable, 10 percent is reusable and Forty percent of the material is recyclable.
However, today it was seen that all the Daju Iewduh are wearing blue clothes and do not agree with the decision that the district council and the Hima Mylliem have already announced.
Jowai, Naitung 5: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) of West Jaintia Hills District today informed the public that the road from Mission Compound to DC Point and also from Iawmusiang to Chutwakhu have been closed. will be closed to traffic tomorrow, 6th November, 2022 from 8:00 am to 3:00 pm as part of the repair of the road.
Speaking at the training meeting, Commander Shangpliang President of the union said that the registration of Khasi films by selling them through mobile phones or CD duplicates. Theft of Khasi films through mobile phones does not bring income to the filmmakers, but the money of the filmmakers is stolen by those who sell on mobile phones at a high price.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has issued a notice that it is not allowed to throw soil, throw garbage and drink alcohol along the road from Urlhyrdeiñ to Treriat, Syntu Ksiar.
He said the NPP is the only national party in the North East and has got its own office in Delhi when he joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) as the party. cut only in Khanapara.
When I went shopping in the shops, I saw on the sidewalk that boys, especially mobile phones, were sitting in groups of two or three.
On the news that she has been expelled from the party, Fenela said she wants it to come out with understanding, and she said that many of the women of Mawthadraishan and the people are surprised. They said, “Where shall we go?” which was understood that wherever she went, they would follow her.
So far, 12 members of the PFI have been arrested by the NIA since a case was filed in connection with the incident earlier last year.
The union expresses its regret to find that the areas within the border of the state have turned into dew shyiap fields due to the theft of stone by the Assamese.
We need to take responsibility and take responsibility in taking our part and if the outcome of our elections is unequal, we can say that we too have played a part in making this happen. the present time, we will try to bring back the difference at another time.
They also said that if the state police are afraid to go to the border to fight and especially to protect the Khasi people living in the area, give us the weapons and strength to go to the border to fight.
Shillong, March 23: Two unidentified children have robbed an Alumuri box near the office of the Kur Nongrum, Mavis Dunn Road, Mawkhar.
This is also evident from the fact that the youth were quick to ask questions after the speakers gave their speeches.
Shillong: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya has decided to restrict the travel of Government officials abroad, which will be allowed only twice a year with proper grounds.
"There will also be Special Campaign Dates on 18th & 19th and 25th & 26th November, 2022 which are Friday & Saturday where Booth Level Officers (BLOs) will be present. all day at the Polling Stations, so the residents are requested to come out to your Polling Stations.
He also alleged that hundreds of his chickens have died since the hospital wastewater flowed into his chicken farms.
The clumping of these blood vessels affects the ability of the blood to flow properly and causes the blood vessels to work harder to circulate the blood.
Therefore, the Seng has immediately expelled these foreigners with the warning to the contractors not to bring foreign workers into the area without providing proper documents. and demanded that the Khasi should be allowed to do what they too have been able to do.
“This demand to withdraw the government's announcement that MIL has been made an elective subject is merely a feeling and a thought.
Shillong, June 20: On the 1st of this month at 3 pm, the residents of Kharmalki village have arrested a youth named Moses Khongjee, 37 years old. u while trying to steal in the corner.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to the officers of the PHE department from the Minister of PHE to the staff who have worked hard to make this program a success.
“Therefore, the two political parties like the RDA will work together and take decisions together to resolve any issue in the state," he added.
Therefore, the Khasi National Dorbar submitted a petition to the States Organization Committee on 1st April
To date, 22,000 fish farmers have benefited from this mission.
Assam has 126 constituencies and in Puducherry, the BJP has 11 constituencies and the Congress 6 constituencies.
According to the report, the water samples from 44 villages were found to contain coliform and E.coli, low pH value, excessive iron content and unsafe drinking water. .
After the incident, the Khanapara Village Authority led by Bah Jeremy Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong in the presence of members of the KSU Northern Border Area, led by Samla Alex Narleng, said: The President and the women of the village, have met with PC Gotmare, DC of Ri Bhoi District, to discuss the issue of land grabbing by the Assam government.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that buses have been prepared to transport the people tomorrow to take part in the Independence Day celebrations at Polo Ground and State Central. Library.
It is sad that in the past years almost all the parts that our ancestors have built for us and future generations have been destroyed.
Although no casualties were reported, the damage was severe.
Tura: U Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, today met with Congress leaders at Congress Bhavan in Tura, where he also welcomed three MDCs, who came to support the Congress party. in the current Lok Sabha elections.
Similarly, parents when their children are 14 years of age or older, or from Class VIII (class Eight) onwards, should work smart to be close to their children, not only as parents but also as parents. They have a heavy duty as guardians, they will be able to have children who know man and know God, children who will bless the parents who gave birth to them.
“In fact, only one year was allowed according to the notice OM PER/222/71/141 dated 20th June 1972 but the share of the Garo people was allowed to be increased for one year which is up to three years. as per the OM PER(AR)/654/79/15 issued on 12th November 1979,” said Bah Passah.
These Congress leaders were followed by the Chairman of the Election Commission until they left the venue.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah said that the group had waited for nearly two days after the President of one party promised to bring back the MLAs, but this did not happen.
However, many names, ghost writers, and addresses are missing.
A truck registration number MLO5T 3174 collided with a Bolero registration number ML04B 3484 belonging to NEIMA Pynursla.
He said that there is a plan to implement a meter to count the consumption of electricity to avoid the high cost of electricity.
Hundreds of policemen were stationed on the streets and at the entrance to the Secretariat, which was filled with only female policemen; However, HITO did not hesitate and threw the flower into the gate of the Secretariat.
The aim should be to raise awareness of the industry among those who can get involved and those who are already in the industry.
Before the coffin of Ma ieid was brought to the Nonglait family, the Presbyterian Church Mawkyllei held a ritual at his residence in the village. The history of the life of Hoping Stone Lyngdoh was later taken to a place specially prepared for the honor of the State.
“I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it,” said the father.
The Major League Soccer team has had the opportunity to play two matches in the rich country as part of its preparations for the upcoming season, but has not been able to give hope or won on this visit to Riyadh.
He said that all the drivers said that if they can survive without income for three or four months during the lockdown, there is no problem for them to stay for another month and this will not affect them.
Not only that, he said that only unity can be the weapon that can strengthen the nation.
From the farmer's point of view, these plant species are easier to distinguish.
Speaking to media, Bah Birbor said that the teachers have been summoned to appear before the Sadar Thanat for questioning regarding the incident on 6th March.
Assam Police have seized two cows from Jorabat and arrested two persons involved in the incident. They were identified as Abdul Kalam and Abdul Hamid.
Marco Asensio scored the first goal for PSG in the first half. In the 52nd minute, Mbappe scored the first goal for PSG. Lens scored the first goal in the 90th minute and scored the second goal, but before the end of the game, Lens managed to turn the tide. via Morgan Guilavogui.
Furthermore, it is informed that Tourist/Guests who come in the evening will be welcome from 4 pm onwards on the same day.
“We will examine whether the Council will charge tax from the sale of advertisements in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council and the places where ATM machines are installed,” said the CEM of KHADC. The Prime Minister has been given until June 2015 to decide on the issue of the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid. Temple of Ayodhya.
The protest was against the shooting death of Khasi by the Assam police, which happened on 22nd November, at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills district.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Sanbor u la ong, “In the past, when we worked in the Sengbhalang, we used to work from the beginning. now they are happier compared to today".
From the information received, it is that there are many people from the village, who have been in debt to MeECL, because they have not paid their electricity bill and which has led to the MeECL department to stop. When they were cut off from Meghalaya, these same people tried to get electricity from Assam, where Assam tried to supply electricity to the village. village, but due to opposition from Meghalaya and which has led to the village without electricity.
He said that many of the incidents were committed by the General Manager of the company, Bah K Lyngdoh, for reasons that only he knows better.
Guwahati: The Gauhati High Court (GHC) has ordered several Deputy Commissioners (DCs) and the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) to ban foreigners living in the land of the state owners. in Assam.
The Seng has submitted a petition after inspecting all the health centers in Amlarem Sub Division and the Seng has found many problems and shortcomings faced by the people of War Jaintia.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) has concluded the Grand Finale of the Meghalaya Superstar Season-IV in a fierce competition in which Wansai Fusion won the title of winner of the dance and dance competition. Samla Philari Nongbsap won the first prize in the song competition with a large cash prize, followed by Ibansiewdor Lyngdoh and the second prize in the dance competition by Little. Kevinson Talang won the second prize and Ridian Khongdup won the third prize.
It is through these 23 letters that we will be able to acquire most of the words we use every day.
Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills District, said, “When I learned of this, I was shocked and through the grace of God, we have come now to help you with what you have collected. contributions from other members of the organization.
Mawsor said that there is a difference between heaven and earth in the city and in the countryside. “In the countryside, doctors, patients don't reach the health centres, the poor people. they cannot go to town for treatment.
He said that their father is RB Lyngdoh and their mother is Pamela who gave them the Lyngdoh clan just because she didn't know her clan.
She advised the people to eat fish so that they can have a strong body.
Police have arrested another drug dealer from Shillong on Friday morning.
Answering a question, Pynshngaiñ said that it is not in the rules of law that the judges of the District Council can install soh saw in their vehicles but he will take action. Not because the statement of the MDC of Nongpoh is correct.
We have come here not to honor ourselves or the elections but for the sake of all the people.
However, the Christmas market is not yet open but every year it is seen that 10 months before Christmas the market is closed.
Therefore, the club requests these players and former members to send their names through these Whatsapp numbers 8416076333/9863091116 before the 11th of June 2023 so that the club can prepare. the need.
The motorcycle has chassis number MD2A15BY2HPL06471 and engine number JZYPHL07020. Police have registered a case at Shahlang PS under case number 18(1 2018 under section 380 IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
These signals, known as Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs), come at a very low frequency and come from a distant source of space. tip as FRB1
Speaking to reporters, Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the Assam police are working hard to arrest these four others who are still hiding in Assam.
Tyrna, November 05: The Tyrna District, through the Tourism Management Committee, has prepared for the second Living Roots Festival, which will be held on the 7th and 8th of this month.
At present, entering the Arwah Crematorium is like a procession.
These three are the greatest and most important things that God the Creator has given us but if we are careful we will lose because there are many who are trying to destroy our rights. To be friends with those who are disciplined and thoughtful by taking care of themselves and to preserve their own customs and traditions when we say we love our own country, on the part of this great man, he said that the country is The earth is mine and yours, so if you don't know how to take care of what God has given to the nation, then without fail disaster and destruction will come and fall not only on us but worse on the generations. heroes.
At 2.30 pm on the 28th, TG Momin, ADM Baghmara, went to investigate, in accordance with the rules of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and sent a report to the NHRC. The Additional Deputy Commissioner of SD Marak has ordered an investigation into the incident within 30 days.
With two games remaining, Barcelona are 14 points behind top-placed Real Madrid.
The arrest of these three persons was made after receiving a tip that there was a suspicion that some Khasi people were dressed in Dkhar clothes. ktem and and this vehicle was smit.
Assistance to 18,000 organizations has also been canceled for violating the FCRA since 2014, the report said.
Tynsong said the directorate will also work with the Mining and Geology, Industries and Forest Departments.
“I believe they will understand the need to resolve this issue, so I hope they will join hands for the benefit of the residents,” he said.
“This is a terrible landslide.
Among the many political parties, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle is one of the political parties that has worked day and night to prevent the candidates from trying to mislead the people by distributing money.
But the boy did not believe in the gossip of others.
The Supreme Court today allowed the registration of new names in the National Registration Certificate (NRC) until November 15,
The KSU immediately ordered the stones to be dropped in the truck and drove away and warned that they are no longer allowed to quarry stones from the river which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
India under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is now celebrating 2023 as the Year of Agriculture.
Prof Kma said the VC has approved to set up a committee to look into the issues related to the Marking System and the maintenance of hostels and health.
He said that the road tax has been increased from T.3000 to T.4250, insurance premium has increased from T.14000 to T.19000, while the price of engine has increased from T. from T.175 to T.
“The government cannot continue to support them because they cannot produce anything on their own.
The race started with a 21KM Professional Marathon in the morning at Nehru Stadium, Gandhi Basti and was followed by a 6 km race for the public.
Speaking to Rupang, KSU Vice President Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang said that they have not yet received any information from the government whether it will call for a meeting or not. hear that those car burnings, office burnings will continue.
He said that the government should not only improve and implement development projects in urban areas like Shillong and Tura but will implement them in all districts and sub divisions to promote sports. within the state.
On the other hand, we should not be happy that the government intends to upgrade the 'New Shillong' by moving the offices from the present city to the new city.
He was one of the founders of the Mawlai Khasi Seng in
There will also be 8 Special Prizes to be selected from one district including Shillong City, 4 Best Dancer (Female), 4 Best Dancer (Male) and 10 Consolation Prizes.
The Achik group demands that the petition should include discussion at the next Cabinet meeting or the meeting of all political parties or any arrangements.
Thank you so much.
In the last match between Pyndengrei SCSC and Khliehmawlieh YC, neither of the two teams had a chance to score even though Pyndengrei SCSC had scored a goal. After 90 minutes, Khliehmawlieh YC had to send the match into extra time, but even in these minutes, no team could score. Pyndengrei SCSC won the title of the tournament and won the cash prize of 40,000 tyngka. The Khliehmawlieh YC received only 5000 tyngka.
To what extent can the Mawlai people show and prove that they are the true Mawlai people?
Nowadays we hear everyone that they insult politicians from government employees, entrepreneurs, leaders in their work.
“Since the bill belongs to the Legislative Assembly, the decision to re-establish the committee will be taken by the Legislative Assembly,” Chyne said.
Especially in this age of technology, the training of small traders will help them to sell and buy easily.
The Congress has come to power, the HSPDP has come to power, the UDP has also come to power and now the NPP has come to power for two terms. “They have been ruling the state for many years but it has not reached anywhere,” said Bah Challam.
He said that while the government has taken care of all the issues related to the SSA teachers, the Ministry of Education also wants to see the progress of the SSA schools in the coming days. to come.
Keep My statutes and My ordinances.
About 150 youths from schools, colleges and other groups attended the programme.
When they came back to finish, they sat down for about half an hour and ate kwai sadhai.
During the programme, all the participants were invited to take an oath to care for the environment, to encourage them to take part in the campaign to try to preserve the environment in their lives. daily.
At school, in the office, this invitation has been very successful and it has become a difficult challenge to avoid it by showing it but by passing a law quickly.
E.C.L should take immediate action and not wait until tragic incidents occur, because these posts need to be built or replaced by others for the safety of the residents.
He also criticized the shortcomings of the Khasi Hima and asked, “We look at our own Khasi Hima.
“As the Seng, we are pleased to say that the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd has destroyed the village of Thangskai which is our own people where the owners of the company who are also foreigners have counted dew thala and done whatever they want. They want to pollute the environment, endanger the health because as soon as they finish their work they will leave and leave only destruction and danger to us as residents especially to the future generations,” said the statement. FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District General Secretary Samla Deihok Sumer.
The drop-out rate of girls without passing the SSLC (Matric) also leads to child marriage.
The next match will be played on the 23rd and another team will be announced by the organizers after the schedule of the tournament has been rearranged.
Speaking on the presidential election, in which the BJP is contesting a national candidate, Abhishek said this is just a ploy to mislead and mislead the people.
East Khasi Hills has 38 new cases, West Khasi Hills has 22 cases, East Garo Hills has 10 cases, West Garo Hills has 8 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 6 cases and East Jaintia Hills has 6 cases. cases, 2 cases from South Garo Hills and 1 case from South West Garo Hills.
“We are still waiting for justice because the Assam government has not yet punished the police involved in the shooting,” said the relatives of the four deceased. he's going to bailut.
“If you don't treat me like animals, that's not right, my son, Call me home like a child, I'll be rich”.
The houses where these people lived were destroyed by the fire.
According to government officials, after receiving permission from the higher authorities, the CBPS will take over the investigation related to money laundering, illegal activities and as well as cases under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.
To what extent have we been self-sacrificing and dedicated to the Lord Jesus Christ and the LORD GOD ALMIGHTY? The answer is individual to all of us.
These drugs are used in combination with other drugs to make them more powerful and effective.
Thank You Shibun, Thank You Thousands Nguh.
The Rangbah Shnongs, said that the state government has been announcing that the food items are scarce and therefore, they demanded that the food items should be delivered to the block headquarters and if so, there will be no food items. The residents of Shillong have decided not to go to Shillong to collect foodgrains from the kharkaia and spend all day long to get foodgrains for the residents.
The color saw is the color of the courage and selflessness of the ancestors of the nation in creating the Hynniewtrep Nation.
The shooting of Bah Cherist Niuma has been discussed and will continue to be discussed. The shooting of Bah Cherist Thangkhiew on the 13th of last month will be discussed.
“The government should order the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) to fill up these wells to avoid the destruction of the environment,” he said. The flow from these wells flows into the Ranikor River and this destroys the dohum.
Bah Rishot Khongthorem, one of the owners of Mawlynnong, said that hundreds of people from all over the country come to visit this place which is known as one of the cleanest places. but now the number of people has decreased.
Kong Surong, who came to inspect the house after receiving information, said that the house has been given to the Dkhars and she lives in Nongmensong.
Two households were nearly swept away by the landslide, Helibon Sajem and April Lamin Gadew.
The event will be enriched by many performances including the Pipe Band from Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has prepared a strong protest if the government does not suspend the North East Frontier Railway Company from building a railway line in the Khasi Hills starting from Ri-Bhoi.
The date of consideration of applications will be on 28th, October and 30th October.
We believe that doctors do not hold the soul of a person when there is treatment with them.
“This incident has shocked even the villagers as they don't know what's going on,” said the UNI.
Why does money work in so many constituencies? One of the main reasons is poverty especially when many have suffered due to the two years of lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Annual Sports Meet started on 25th October and ended on 7th June 2022 amidst the festivities.
In his speech, K.Moses Chalai said that it is essential to bring innovation and technology to startups and small businesses in order to develop them.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the report has been reviewed by the Advocate General of the State.
He said that the lack of foreigners to work in all jobs has caused problems to the indigenous youth and those who have found it difficult to find jobs, because all the small jobs They were employed by people from other states.
Shillong, July 10: Thousands of people have turned out in Ri-lum to protest against the killing of Jospin M Sangma, 35, mother of four. children, who was shot dead by Garo rebel groups.
The arrest of drug traffickers from time to time shows that the youth of the State have become addicted to this illegal drink, which the community and the families have to be vigilant lest they get caught. problems and states in their own right.
Bah Shen also alleged that the Minister of Education is not able to look after and lead the Ministry of Education and demanded that the Prime Minister should have appointed those who can look after the Ministry. .
Speeches were also delivered by NBT Chairman, India B Sharma and NBT Assistant Director Kanchan Wanchoo Sharma.
At this meeting, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar launched the newsletter on the UDP's working papers in the presence of the party leaders.
“Who was waiting at that time, wasn't it the ASHAs. The duty of the ASHAs is only to go to the hospital, but in some cases they have to wait at the hospital.
The opposition MPF ​​has decided not to table an adjournment motion on the issue of implementation of the ILP on the first day of the session.
When asked whether the opposition will raise a motion of no confidence in the MUA-II government in the dorbar which will start next month, Dr Mawthoh said they have no intention yet to raise a motion of no confidence in the MUA-II government. distrust of this government.
Clause 28 sub – clause (7) – The fee for PDS Wholesalers who do not update their stocks or delivery of food to FPS Dealers through the Supply Chain Management Application – Rs.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The High Court Judge, Justice SR Sen on Tuesday said that the education system in the state should be changed from the current one.
! I can't avoid this anymore.
In the first half to the second half, Hills United Diphu won the title by scoring 3 goals each, but in the tiebreaker, Hills United Diphu won the title. 4-2 goals to become the winner on the opening day of the tournament to honor Bah EK Mawlong as one of the great leaders of Meghalaya.
He encouraged by saying that education is the most important thing from children to adults, so as parents they should encourage their children to learn while there is still enough education. time should be spent on studies and not on useless things.
Nongpoh, July 03: A mother and four children from Nongkyndang Village under Saiden Village in Ri Bhoi District have been admitted to hospital after suffering a sudden illness after eating dinner. by eating with the wild Tit.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Congress has announced that its Leader Rahul Gandhi will campaign on the 22nd of this month at Madan Malki, Shillong.
This should have encouraged the Khasi people throughout the country to free themselves from that decline and to strive to rise again to the level of morality that we had before.
Members of KSU Ma-danrwai Unit are President Samla Sooki Biam, Vice President Samla Big Sungoh, General Secretary Samla Rithmu Dhar, Assistant GS - Samla Piar-shwa Shadap, Organizing Secretary - Samla Laitphar Sohtun, Assistant Organi Nishwa Wan and others.
The Government of Meghalaya is not responsible for this responsibility because it does not govern the entire State, but within the Government there is another power granted by the Central Government under the Constitution of India. in order to look after any areas which should preserve the traditional customs and traditions and that is the District Council which is best qualified to take over this area.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, expressed his satisfaction to see the progress of the works, saying, “It is very pleasant to see this zoo.
Many people have protested against the lockdown and this protest has also caused bloodshed between the country and the country of fellow human beings.
He also urged all vehicles traveling on this road during these four days, to travel slowly during these hours so that it will be safe for the runners.
When talking to the media; In East Khasi Hills District, 33 people have tested positive including 2 Armed Forces personnel and 31 civilians.
If we compare the leaders between them and us, we have 36 MLA constituencies while we have only 24 MLA constituencies.
[continued]How vegetables can benefit health:—-
The protest was held on the grounds of demanding from the State Government and NHIDCL to repair the Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki Road.
“We would like to remind the Prime Minister that he is a servant of the people and he should not order the political parties to seek information through RTI from Delhi,” said Agnes. He said that if the Garo Sengbhalang wants to know whether Garo has been excluded from the Act, they should go and get information through RTI from Delhi.
Singh, was on his way to Nongjri, yesterday, to inspect the road, when he was attacked by the robbers.
The father tells his wife asleep about people talking about mobile phones.
Secy of the New Unit.
Not only gambling sites will be allowed under this Act but online gambling will also be affected as there are no rules to ensure that children cannot gamble online.
One of the schools built by the Pyndengrei Parish is St Francis De Sales at Umwahlang village, which is located on the Rwiang Langja road.
Speaking on the occasion, the officials said that the celebration of the Environment Day has been going on since 1972, after the United Nations Organization, held a large meeting in the city. Stockholm to look into climate change, due to deforestation, the increase in factories producing smoke, illegal mining of mineral resources and others.
He said that it will also encourage the children when they get the opportunity to play in the tournaments outside the state because it is in such big tournaments that the children will understand how to work. hard at perfecting themselves for making this sport they love their source of livelihood in the next few years.
The Syrian National Coalition says the death toll has risen to
He said that the government has been too slow on this issue and it may be that there are many politicians who misuse these people or places as their vote bank.
Devi has won three medals at the World Masters Championship in Finland last year.
Matthew2:1.
The district authorities have neglected their duty by not deploying police at all in the markets and roadside areas and this has allowed the shops to open.
“We also want to ensure that these workers should receive their wages in accordance with the Minimum Wage Act of the government for those working in these jobs,” she added.
The Khasi student, who is studying at AP, has found it difficult to return home after the hostel where she lives has closed down.
In the face-to-face battle as agreed it was between the Catholic Church and the Kada Khlaw.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged the public not to spread false information, which could lead to ethnic tension in the State.
The problem for the dealers is that the people demand that they should get exactly what is allocated.
Therefore, if the number of MLAs reaches that high, I would like to say to my friends who are sitting on the bus, I apologize to you please get off the bus and walk.
He said that the union would like to urge and request the DC to order the Police and Excise personnel to take action against these liquor shops which are allowed to sell illegally and who are no longer respected. The Dry Day has been declared as a Dry Day, but the illegal shops continue to sell and this is due to the negligence of the authorities.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi Unit on Tuesday under the leadership of Publicity Secretary Samla Romey Sohbar after expressing its concern from the family members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to Rajasthan immediately. Jessica Kharbihthai, 36, who died at her home in Jaipur, Rajasthan, has taken the initiative to accompany the funeral.
Shillong, October 11: Who says that the Khasi District Council does not have a law? To find out the truth, Rupang visited the website of the Khasi District Council, where it found that the Act was approved by the Governor on 3rd October on the website of the Council, until today.
The tournament will start on the 12th June 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai, where Niaw Wasa United, the first team to win the MSL title, will face the next team. Rangdajied United FC won the second place in the tournament in 2019 against Niaw Wasa United FC.
Other universities should ensure that they do not face such an incident,” Dr Gnanakan told reporters in the city on Saturday.
“HAPPY NEW YEAR 2019” Author: Waheh Riquoma Rq.Laloo.
How did the Khasi border go to Garo? How can the Khasi land and shyiap go to Garoland, because many of the land inhabited by the Garo, the owners of the land inhabited by the Garo, are Khasi, the Garo are just living there. silence.
If you stay here, where will you go? There are always opportunities when the will is strong and strong.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the MDA government has decided to abolish the odd and even number rules. commercial vehicles in the state.
RBYF Nongpoh President Joseph Syngkli, RBYF Nongpoh General Secretary Fullbok Lyngdoh and other members of the RBYF visited the RBYF Nongpoh to inquire about the incident. The RBYF has not yet received any explanation whether there is a pork inside the house, because they have not been able to talk to the officer, because the pork has not been found inside the house. my office room.
The number of cases of corona virus in Manipur has risen to 118 today, bringing the total number of cases to 4,6
He said he will return to the state during the Christmas and New Year season.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) on Saturday held a protest in Tura to protest against the BJP government over the incident at JNU. Youth Congress rally was held in front of Congress Bhawan in Tura.
Ukraine has also announced that the meeting between the two leaders is aimed at strengthening cooperation in the development and production of land, space and air defense weapons. at the same time to ensure cooperation with other countries in the coming years.
He also congratulated Conrad for his commitment to the constituency by providing many development projects in the area.
What is the reason for the people to listen, to become mytlop and live in a slave spirit? The answer is that everyone should meditate, at least for a moment within twenty-four hours.
The Commissioner & Secretary said that the Prime Minister has wanted to implement this policy.
SC Sadhu, Director, Community and Rural Development, Secretary, Fisheries and others, will also serve as Secretary, Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps.
He said that under the sixth chapter, they are still bringing the Land Bill and they have already met the Standing Committee this month and the District Council should be forced to expedite it immediately. The areas where the party has requested to register the land on the border with Assam.
Shillong: The Shillong-Dawki road, which is the most affected road from time to time, has been hit by landslides due to the heavy rainfall in the past two days.
He said that the prime minister has misused his power in the government by distributing these schemes to the Congress candidates and has bypassed the MLAs. the scheme is only to mislead the people during the elections.
The arrested suspect confessed that he bought the drugs from Marvinson Jyrwa, 24, resident of Mawlai Mawdatbaki in Nongpathaw. 36 grams of heroin along with T.46,960 cash which he hid at Godrej shop.
Furthermore, the desire for change and for a decisive and courageous leader.
Regarding the allegations that Markos Jeengap of Thyllaw has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 2nd of this month, the residents of Mawlongbna under the leadership of Bah Ass Bisiar have kidnapped him. The Rangbah Shnong said that the Mawsynram Police Station was also present at the scene on that day. He said that he went to Mawsynram Police Station to talk about this and they found that there is a complaint and on his part, he said that the Mawsynram Police Station has investigated the case. This is the place where the incident happened last year.
However, when they start to understand that they have been infected, they are ready to leave and if there is a doctor at Markasa PHC, they arrive on time.
Bah Jasper Manih, President of RBTHA, said that the opening of this traditional health center is something that the Khasi traditional healers have been dreaming of for a long time so that they can preserve and maintain the traditional health centre. traditional medicine through herbal medicines taught by the ancestors who are beginning to disappear in the present day.
The foreigner has offered tens of thousands of rupees to the leaders of the party to listen to him, but the party has responded by saying that they are not robbers by endangering the children of the East. Jaintia.
It is on this basis that the judges have been accused of being involved in the crime.
The first test was conducted in Mizoram, while the second test was conducted at Guwahati Medical College and Hospital.
In the innings, Karnataka scored 130 runs for the loss of one wicket and are still leading by 27 runs.
“Take your mother's bread,” said Hiram and handed it to his mother. “It's enough, we'll see you later,” said the father and went into the middle room. “What are you doing?” “We have just finished eating and we are resting.” She replied. “Why didn't you come to work today?” asked Sandra. “Do you need anything to say?” asked Sandra, curious to know what question/information she would get. “Yes, it's just like that, what's your son's name?” asked the woman, "Hiram," she said quickly and asked if there was anything. "Why do you need or send someone to ask?" “I don't remember, I have to ask you, my mother,” said Sandra.
Prestone said the roads have their own capacity to support the weight of vehicles, but Meghalaya is also the state with the heaviest rainfall and the roads are damaged more quickly.
Nine other districts in Garo Hills are Damal Asim, Halli Dayganj, Salmanpara, Damalgre, Gasuapara, Siju, Sangkhinigre, Silkigre and Chiading.
There is no need to punish the driver who violates the law and the license should be revoked and the vehicle should be ceased.
The church invites all especially those from Rangthong, Mawkyrwat and Jakrem-Photjaud Presbyteries who live in Shillong to attend the Anniversary.
According to him, the state government also wants to complete the state zoo as soon as possible so that it will not be necessary to relocate them.
This disease has been around for many years but the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and a team of doctors are still fighting against this disease to eradicate it. The disease is spreading and how to treat it. The people should not be stingy but should go to their nearest health centers because the government provides free treatment, medicines to drink to cure the disease. type of disease.
In the past years, the Puja celebrations in Shillong have been peaceful and there have been tourists from all over India especially from West Bengal and Guwahati as well. “There are few villagers and foreigners,” said one of the members of the Puja Committee.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. Officer & Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
Therefore, he blessed the owner of the house, Kong Tiewlindaris Thongni and her four children to take over this house which they have built for them so that they can live in peace and health. and remember God the Creator.
After receiving the complaint, a case was registered at Shillong Sadar Police Station under Section 363 IPS. together because they are well known.
Then the king's father and mother were not happy.
Mairang MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh also urged the Minister to ensure that the registration of villagers will be fair and impartial as the registration in the first and second phases is not fair. fine.
In the Public Information Act, Bah Laborious Manik Syiem explained at a meeting in New Jirang that there is a resource in Lum Murok worth T.400 crore and for the benefit of the Hima. to remove the item.
In fact, he called them the brood of Vipers, the whitewash sepulchres.
As part of the celebration, the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs will hold an Open Truck Road Show at 2:30 pm.
“If you have any complaints against those High Levels, please verify their names so that the government can take the necessary action according to the rules of law,” said Pretone.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, a cleanliness drive was held across the state today. , in which the people also came out to clean up their villages.
Orlando's visit to Ukraine is also part of his special visit as Goodwill Ambassador to the United Nations Children's Organization (UNICEF). He also visited three cities including Kyiv, Irpin and Demydiv in Ukraine for three days.
He said that 94 students have sat for the SSLC examination and 93 students have passed including 64 students from 1st Division, 17 students from 2nd Division, 12 students from 3rd Division. distinction'.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the man was rescued from the dam through a small door but he died of injury.
The raids were conducted in several villages in Srinagar, Awantipora, Pulwama, Kulgam and Anantnag.
He said that the participation of different religions shows that the nation is united and the aim of the festival is to unite the nation.
The elections in Mizoram will continue tomorrow as the Mizos are strongly opposed to the holding of votes on Sunday.
Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that as the leader of the RBYF, he does not allow the members of the RBYF to interfere too much in the village affairs and especially in the development schemes that come to different villages. There are many members of the Sengbhalang who are reluctant to look for reasons when development schemes come to the villages.
Bah Synrem said that the manager of the Trust cannot do this but when he works in Meghalaya he should have a sense of responsibility for the employees here, because he cannot just earn money from the Trust. while the employees of the State shall be dismissed immediately in the middle of their term of office.
Taking the most important part in the swearing-in ceremony, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle who is also the Chief Organizer, FKJGP Central Body, congratulated all the members. The youth of Baniun Village who have chosen the path of serving the village and the nation as a whole through the FKJGP which has been in service for more than 30 years, ha He said that the difficulties on the roads cannot stir up the spirit of patriotism.
The Sadducee chief priests and the Sanhedrin handed Him over to the Roman soldiers to crucify and kill Him, they added.
“I am surprised why only we Khasi and Jaintia MLAs have been cut while the Garo MLAs have not been cut,” said Witting Mawsor. but he said that they had replied that they had not received anything.
Subhakar Turha scored 56 runs off 45 balls while Rakesh Raj tied 20 runs off 19 balls.
She also admitted that Raju Baruah used to do these things to other women but many of them were afraid to reveal it.
The winners of the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award 2015 are Borbah Khongwir, EY Chen, Lamjingshaihun Shabong, Geraldine M Laitflang, Albert Myrchiang, Kenny Ch Marak, Surajit Dey, Moonstar Kharmihpen, Purelinda Lungdoh Nongbri, Prem Bahadur N Sanki, A. , Betterson D Sangma, Ranjit Kumar Roy, Nirmal Kr Samal and Jamesforth Marak.
General Secretary – Kong Hunbeitki Dkhar
Luiz Inho, General Secretary of the Congress Mizoram, said this.
Due to the difficulties during the Covid-19 pandemic, the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India in Aizawl has become important to revive the tourism industry.
Shillong Lok Sabha Youth Congress President Kyrshan Pamshong was the chief guest and Rajesh Lapang was the guest speaker. and others including school children who came to participate in this day.
This statement of Bah Lapang shows that Joshi has told the truth in front of the media by admitting that the protest to remove the leader does not exist, even in fact it exists and is going on from time to time. to this day.
(iv.
