I have directed the Director General of Police (DGP) of the State and the DGP has also directed the Superintendent of Police (SP) and Traffic Police to take strict action against those who drive vehicles. without agreement, you are the one who drives the arshaka.
The world is talking these days only about the rapid destruction of natural resources.
Shillong: The Hospital Administration in collaboration with the Junior Chamber International (JCI) today celebrated the Environment Day at NEIGRIHMS.
It has been appearing in Jirang area for more than two months and is still appearing today, said the villagers.
Students of Jaintia Eastern College through the NSS and students of Nongsyntoin Secondary School Mutong also attended the event.
The states of south India do not need the Congress or the BJP but they do not need the same party.
The PSRI says it has oxygen for only 2.5 hours.
Now, it is up to the law enforcement authorities to punish these suspects according to the rules.
He also congratulated the Circle for continuing to serve faithfully and stand firm on the basis of what the party teaches.
Arunkumar Kembhavi said that although there has been a severe impact on the economy in the country and the state as a whole, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in 2020- 21 states have collected revenue of Rs 1526.50 crore.
Urging the Government to allocate more funds to the three ADCs, Bah Titos said, “We urge the State Government to allocate more funds to the ADCs especially from the plan scheme, and other assistance. money song".
There will be no blame on the government and MeECL for why there is a light outage during the rainy season, but this is due to the lack of electricity due to the loss of 6 units including 2 units from NEEPCO. said.
The KSU Umdohlun said that if the district authorities cannot resolve these issues, the KSU will take other measures in the future, said a statement from Samla Dusterwell K. Lyngdoh, President, KSU Umdohlun. Circle with Daman Syrman, President of KSU Nongmluh Unit.
Inspections have been conducted from time to time and to improve this road,” said Bah Dhar.
Bah Adelbert was taken away first followed by other KHNAM leaders. Bah Pyndap, who was more removed from his seat, was seized by the police and all the members and volunteers of KHNAM who numbered about 30 people. either, it was thrown under the bus.
The statement said that since the Supreme Court has allowed the transportation of coal, the challans have not been received yet.
East Khasi Hills has 157 cases and Ribhoi has 87 cases.
He urged the people to cooperate for the purpose of erecting signboards on the border, in order to prevent the infiltrators of the country.
Shillong, November 29: The SP of South Garo Hills, Anand Mishra, has sent three teams of police to the forest and suspects that the GNLA has committed the crime. Shullai has been able to contest the mid-term MDC elections even after he resigned from his post after the state government passed the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act. , 2015.
After the referee's decision from a penalty, Dulong won 4-3
There are accommodation for families, restaurants, swimming pools and others.
“What is needed is a decision and I have already explained to the people that we will not take a decision or use force to bring about this project if many people are against and concerned about this, we will fight. “It's a good idea to talk to them before we play chess,” he said.
These 237 include EGH: 01 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force) , EJH: 08 (Others), EKH: 128 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–123), NGH: 04 (Others), RBD: 58 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–57), SWGH: 11 (Others), SWKH: 03 (Others), WGH: 09 (Others), WJH: 10 (Others), WKH: 05 (Others) Ka The total number of cases in the State has risen to 23966 out of which 18715 have recovered and 336 have died.
However, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma said that the government has done its duty and said that the government is ready to The examination will be conducted in the state and there will be no problems.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Friday imposed Section 144 CrPC prohibiting any illegal activities along the Myntdu River to protect the river.
The Seng has given 30 days to the ARSS& RSS Infra Zone which is implementing the two lane road from 7 mer to Dawki for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road to immediately repair this road. .
“About 1,72,598 farmers have already registered under the PM Kisan income support scheme,” he said.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla will visit Majai on the 16th of this month to resolve the issue of the Hima Sohra after the Syiem was suspended on charges against him.
Ladthadlaboh Urban Health Center is the second HWC in West Jaintia Hills District.
That is why a person must be forgiven of sins, whether small or large, before he can be baptized.
Regarding the traffic of vehicles has been completely banned, travel outside the state has been banned and entry and exit from East Khasi Hills has been banned.
Meghalaya still receives assistance from the Central Government and even a small job sometimes has to wait for the Central Government.
The 15-year-old Khasi girl, who is studying in Class 10, was abducted by Muslims from Bangladesh on 5th November 2019 at Nagracherra village.
The government vehicle was parked at the BDW International School Nongmensong, but it is not known which department it belonged to.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, ABVP Meghalaya State President Tengku M Marak said that the resolution has been announced by the Ministry of Education for the post of Assistant Teacher in the Government. Lower Primary Schools in Dadanggre Subdivision for those who have passed the MTET examination especially those from the Unreserved Category have raised a big question mark as no ethnic group has appeared in the UR Category list.
The two-day farmers' dorbar bah, organized by the Department of Agriculture in collaboration with the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), was attended by more than 700 farmers. parts from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
He said that the project which was started by Bah Sanbor Shullai when he was the Minister of Arts and Culture has now reached the stage of progress. Under the supervision of Art and Culture, PMC and HLCS, the project has been allocated about T.15 crore. The foundation stone will be laid on the 9th of October. noh the work.
The truck, which was carrying the machine, was heading from Maharashtra to Lucknow.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, on Tuesday said that the intention of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to set up a revenue collection gate in Khanduli village is not It aims to improve the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Robert said the state government should ensure that the Khasi working and studying across Assam should not be harassed.
The shyiap is cleaned and cleaned until it is clean and no longer dark when sitting on it, then covered and cleaned on the ground.
Through the ban on the sale of kyiad in the market, Bah Ardent said that it will bring benefits to the farmers because when they don't have these markets, the farmers when they feel like selling kyiad, they can sell. I'm going to drink special milk tea, I'm not going to drink alcohol like I used to do these days.
Therefore, in order to move the work forward and get the cooperation of all those involved in it, it is very important.
"But I told you clearly that there is no such thing except for the search of Kongthei.
In the next match, Mukhla Umlangshor vs Lum-chyrmang Mihmyntdu ended in a draw without any goals until the end.
The management of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), through its Chairman, YV Subba Reddy, has written to the Finance Minister of India, Nirmala Sitharaman, to allow them to close the temple. You cannot deposit your money with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) or any other bank.
In another report, a woman from Mawkhan, Upper Shillong said that many MLAs in the past decades when they come to their village, they come in a long vehicle so that they don't understand the MLAs. The road has been in poor condition, but now she has expressed her satisfaction that since the tenure of MLA Hamlet Dohling, the road has improved.
The Minister said that this new policy will also encourage entrepreneurs to come to the State so that they can implement electricity generation projects in the State.
Pai Harvesting and Use. Pai takes about ten years to grow.
If the authorities do not take action, this road will become a problem for many people who come to the market every day especially the villagers.
The human body produces a lot of uric acid or foods rich in these purines.
The trade in seeds of this kind is very lucrative in the United States.
Despite the preaching and awareness campaign not to fall for the promises made through social media, there are still those who fall for the promises.
Some of the residents whom this reporter met today said that they escaped from the loss because they had planned to shoot heavy yesterday, and these residents were the ones who were allowed to shoot. Argentina, however, said no one was willing to fight.
Bah Juluis Sujai was confirmed as the first Rangbah of the village and Bah Kynsai Shadap was confirmed as the General Secretary along with 8 members of the EC. The village still needs a lot of assistance from the government.
Niaw Wasa, who are currently in fourth place with nine points, have their last match against Rangdajied United, who have 10 points with two games left.
Shillong, November 29: A fish trader has been rescued from the hands of kidnappers.
“I am pleased that the Central Government has allocated more than Rs 700 crore for the development of infrastructure, especially for the work of five POCSO courts,” said Prof. Baghel.
Samla Syiem, President of Umsning Circle, told reporters that the electricity bill in the village has increased since 8 months ago, since last year. They have reported this matter to the union, which has not refused to meet with the officers at the office in Umiam.
When it comes to business in your own area, many foreigners are now involved.
He extended his best wishes to the group to be able to carry out their duties according to their plans as the days and times go by.
Conrad said that such an arrangement by the NTA has deprived the students of Meghalaya of the opportunity to continue their studies at Central Universities across the country.
He said it is necessary for the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly in the Central Government to visit or drive to the villages and townships across India so that they can understand about the the situation in India, about the people of this country and especially about the country's diversity in terms of ethnic diversity.
The Minister announced that the State Government has approved the request of the political parties and suspended the new appointments until the committee submits its report on the Roster System.
Love yourself and respect othersThank you very much.
Teenage pregnancy in the state is increasing from time to time.
Thangkhiew said the party has also demanded that if the complaint is lodged with the police, the government department does not reject it and that the police should arrest their leader. , the party will not hesitate to hold other protests on the following day, which will be announced by the party.
He was arrested in a raid conducted by the West Garo Hills and East Garo Hills Police.
During the previous raid, the ED team seized assets worth Rs 170 crore belonging to Suryakant Tiwari, IAS Officer Sameer Vishnoi, Chhattisgarh Civil Service Officer Saumya Chaurasia and Sunil Agarwal among others.
The meeting will also be attended by the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Shadap Narwan Unit.
Roy said Meghalaya has come last in terms of education.
Let us work together with the Forum which demands a new district by asking for the right hand and left hand of the people in not allowing them to be obstructed by the scientific methods of the government.
The new technologies of Lenovo's EdTech Classroom and the Meghshala Teacher Enablement Program provide support to bring about the best in teaching to improve the skills of learners.
The UDP has lost two MDCs, Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem and Bah Arbinus Lyngdoh MDC Umroi. Mairang MDC Equator Nongrang has been appointed to the post of Mairang MDC Equator Nongrang at a time when the ethnic parties need his presence.
The census also shows that most of the villagers are Christians.
Regarding the statement that the safety of the people is the most important issue, he appealed to the Congress party supporters to provide assistance to their fellow members and also to the people who are facing difficulties such as at this time.
“They should have evidence with the department to show that the work went ahead," he said.
As an MLA, he said that this is not the end and many development works will come in the village, as the village still needs a lot of assistance, and he will try to monitor the needs of the people if they the public shall cooperate together.
When they calculated the cost, they found that it would cost 10,000 tyngka alone, including the fare, food and hostel.
There are also organizations which organize protest programs such as processions and rallies and any programs at such times are also banned. It does not affect the upcoming elections and may lead to violence, violence and may affect the peace and order in the district and may also lead to the loss of lives and damage. The District Magistrate has announced that the provisions of 144 CrPC have been fully implemented. No groups are also prohibited from holding meetings or any protest programs within the district and this order will come into force immediately.
Nalgonda police have arrested Naveen for making dozens of calls to the helpline number
He said that the meeting was conducted by the SDEO and she said that the meeting was held to improve the peace but when they asked questions that this is not enough, she said that she did not answer anything. When asked about the appointment of teachers on the contract basis, he said he did not answer.
As part of the second phase of the border talks with Assam, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on July 23 held a meeting with the Regional Committee of Ri Bhoi, where it was decided to hold a The meeting with Assam next month will be held to inspect and review the remaining disputed areas.
Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant ordered a complete blockade of the Gaza Strip on Tuesday in response to Hamas's attacks on Israel.
This day was a memorable and a blessing to the people and the state as a whole because this road is one of the roads which also generates revenue for the state government, because In the past, this road was bad and the people often faced difficulties in coming and going and the cleaning of this road has been a blessing to the residents and the people who used through this road.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills today, bringing the total number of deaths to
The polling stations are located in Laitmynrieng, Pynursla, Urksew Wahpathaw, Mawpran, Pynter and Siatbakon.
A total of 1,50,000 tyngka will be awarded to the winners of various categories.
He also urged the leaders to speak out for the problems of the farmers, as they always express their desire to uplift the farmers during the election campaign.
Anyone who did brave deeds or deeds to defend his country was awarded as Tirot Sing Syiem.
Prestone said that these drugs will be delivered through MECOFED. According to him, this decision was taken because they saw that the agriculture sector has declined over the years. ban on pesticides to promote pesticide-free farming or organic mission.
At the same time, for many years now, the government has encouraged the farmers to raise fish but even so, the production of fish in the state is not enough to meet the demand.
The Minister of State for Development of the North Eastern Region (DoNER), G Kishan Reddy on Friday said that the Government of Meghalaya has already recognized and declared some of the sacred laws as Community Reserves under the Wildlife Act. Protection) Act, 1972.
The Government under the leadership of Capt.
SR Sen said that the people living in the country do not have proper documents because they have been deprived of the necessary documents such as birth certificate, residence permit and others. and he said that it was not right to shut them up or to drive them out.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Sordar Shnong of Jongksha, Bah Donbok Kurkalang, Secretary of PDF Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah A Rynjah President of PDF Mawkynrew Constituency and other dignitaries.
When you want to sell agricultural products, especially processed food products like achar lung siej or powder shynrai, you need to know how to sell them, to make them beautiful.
“Because for 10 years, development works have not started in their constituencies, so the efforts to bring about change are just words without action.
He said that the people should not expect to get jobs only from the government.
Police are also struggling to track down the suspected robber who is suspected to have been involved in the incident. event.
South Zone: Shri Khriedi TheunuoSikkim:1.
Beijing does not fully recognize the Taliban government and is interested in the country.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will meet tomorrow to discuss the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act. the law passed earlier and the law passed now.
He said that the employees of Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd, have demanded from the people to pay as agreed and if they cannot do so, they should pay once and that too with the very loud voice.
He was a faithful worker in the work of Nongjri as a youth and was one of the leaders of the youth organization in this village.
RP Kalita, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, SM, VSM, in his speech said, “The Durand Cup is a football tournament that is organized by the departments. soldiers have been conducting for over a century now.
On the other hand, HH Mohrmen told reporters that he had sought information through RTI whether the mining in Nongtalang village has been permitted by the government authorities or not.
You don't know how your parents' love has been taken away by smart phones.
She said that such an incident should not happen to the house of her brother or anyone from the NPP family. don't say that you don't have any feelings for the people.
In the men's U-19 Vinoo Mankad Trophy, Hyderabad lost by 246 runs while in the women's U-19 One Day Trophy, the state team lost by 246 runs. Jaipur, Hyderabad, which won the toss and elected to bat first, beat Maharashtra by 358 runs in Surat. They scored 19 runs in 44 overs.
He said that almost all the people who are considered disabled are blind, lame, deaf, speechless and unable to walk.
Those who violate this law since its issuance shall be punished according to the provisions of the law.
After failing to tied first, Shillong College scored 163 runs in 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has launched these buses under the supervision of the Sustainable Transport and Efficient Mobility Society (STEMS) in July 2023, and some of the buses have started operating since July this year.
In the fourth match, Wailad Shylla scored the first goal for Iooksi Youth Welfare 1-0 in the 50th minute.
All these things are ready and only to receive the guests.
We witness again that the President of India has not been able to approve this bill.
The party led by Arvind Kejriwal has a vision for the country especially how to change the rule of law in the country.
Screening, diagnosis and treatment will be conducted at the NCD Clinic and Pathology Lab at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
When they reached their villages, there were no more houses, no more fields, no more thlongs, no more synrei, no more plants, no more livestock, no more grain, no more seeds, no more figs.
Also present on the occasion were MLCU Registrar Rev EH Kharkongor, KJPA Senior Administrative Secretary Rev NS Phawa, KJPA Trust Committee Rev. ER Kharkrang and Chairman of the Trust Committee Rev. W. Warbah.
Lumpariat, Mookyrdup, Luti Tuber Ïalong and Sailung Ïalong have qualified for the semi final of the Under-17 Independence Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The union has urged the government through the education department to release the arrear of the new salary which is still pending before the Teachers' Day on 5th November as a sign of respect and gratitude. so that the teachers can purchase the necessities for this day.
From Mawtawar, the resigned officers are Bah A. Kharkongor President, N. Mukhim Secretary, K Lyngdoh Adviser, Kong K. Khyriem Organizing Secretary, H. Kharkongor Treasurer, Leverson Kharkongor Publicity Secretary, Yarman S. Dkhar Treasurer and Phiralin S. Dkhar Assistant Secretary. Secy.
Raju said the installation of CCTV cameras will be completed before Christmas at seven places in Shillong out of 28 places.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, took part in the Caux Forum 2019 Dialogue on Land and Security, held in Montreux, Switzerland from 27th to 30th July
The DC in his speech, said that Bah Hoping is a leader who loves education and it was during his tenure as EM of the Education Department when Primary Schools were under his jurisdiction. The District Council, Bah Hoping, has established more than 10,000 primary schools in many parts of the Khasi Hills.
The Seng in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Sengs and Youth Sengs of the Villages under the jurisdiction of the Circle has tried everything in its power to prevent and eradicate this destructive beverage. the youth of the nation and the society as a whole,” said the Seng.
Leningstar Rymbai asked, “Why hasn't Coal India Limited started the coal auction yet?” He asked what the State Government has done about the Supreme Court's order. “In short, will there be transparency and accountability for Coal India Limited? “In short, will there be transparency and accountability for coal? harvest is abundant before it reaches the coal owner," he added.
“We have fought against the unfair salary cut of teachers, the unfounded dismissal of teachers, the non-increase in salary of teachers,” he said.
In the knowledge competition, Samuel Lyngdoh and Bishal Nath of Jail Road Boys Higher Secondary School came first, Vivek Kumar Rai and Saurav Sinha of Laban Bengalee Boys came second and Saurav Sinha of Laban Bengalee Boys came third. Saurav Pathak and Lamphrang Lyngdoh from Ram Krishna Mission, Sohra.
Replying to a question in the House, Bah Sumer said that the NDFB team had visited the Council markets last year around Byrnihat, Laitlyngkot and Smit.
These smuggled goods were seized by the BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday.
This is also an opportunity especially during this time of covid-19 where people cannot go outside or gather in public because they are afraid that this covid-19 will affect their health. their strength.
He said that as a government employee he has to retire from his post, because he sees the plight of the people of the constituency.
“The roads to Dudai area are blocked due to the trucks carrying shyiap coming from Garo Hills.
“The High Court, while hearing the case of Bah Julius, has inquired about the condition of the child.
“The scheme will serve as a witness to the Government's commitment to empower entrepreneurs and strengthen the society.
Services provided at the Mega Camp include Health Check Up & MHIS Enrollment, Aadhaar and Epic Card Registration, E-Shram Registration, Labor Department Scheme, Agriculture/Horticulture Scheme, Food & Processing Units, Tourism, Commerce & Industries, Fisheries, Social Welfare and other government schemes.
Speaking on the occasion, Professor KS Nongkynrih explained about Freelancing and Creative Writing. He said that to write a book you must have experience and you need to do research. When writing any book, you should think about how to stimulate the minds of the readers.
When asked whether there has been any talk between the minister and the HNLC, Hek said, “Before I took the matter to the central government, there was only one phone talk. spoken on this peace talk".
He said that the Vice Chancellor has urged the teachers, students and those who study research to know and learn the Khasi language.
Members and volunteers of the Green Tech Foundation of South West Khasi Hills District were also present.
The number of cases has risen to 4,213 with 97 deaths in the past 24 hours.
God created Adam to be the seed to fill the earth.
SKNWhen both of them were ready, they left for Robert Hospital, Jaiaw.
The troops reportedly launched an offensive in al-Mawasi district near the Mediterranean coast, west of Khan Younis, the largest city west of Gaza.
Jabeda, from Goyabari village, was appointed as the prime minister in
“The KSU also urges all the Khasi brothers and sisters to be ready because this action of the Dkhars is a ploy to implement their plans, which they have had since ancient times,” he added.
The Synod has directed that those who have participated in the ceremony can send their names by sms to the following numbers: 9863115981/
Shillong, March 22: Members of the Mawdatbaki Youth Association on Tuesday 11th March to clean up the shyngiar and canal flowing to Umsohlang PHE Water Supply.
As in Khasi society today, it cannot be said that the influence of the Christian churches and the misleading statements of the Bible have spread to such an extent that they have become bloodthirsty among the people of Ri Khasi.
The adoption of this policy is the key to the benefits of the players in the future,” he said.
He said that all this is due to the lack of responsibility of the State (Manipur) to curb the conflict.
“Accusations, complaints will not solve the problems.
They said that the synroplang group of civil society organizations stands on the basis of opposing any proposal to mine uranium from the Bri U Hynniewtrep and stands firmly against the proposal to build a road to mine uranium in the Mawthabah area.
Speaking at the awarding ceremony for the students who passed well held at the District Library Auditorium on Saturday, Treibor said that until now due to the lack of laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners, many students have passed away. He asked what will be the future of the youth if all the jobs are run by the JHADC. There are thousands of foreigners who have received licenses from JHADC. to state bar.
And those who share in that first resurrection will be those who have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb of God.
In anticipation of the crowd, the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has installed giant screens at the First Ground so that they can witness the match.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : The Inter Dong Football Tournament 2022 of Jongksha District has come to an end on Saturday.
Both Bah Charles and Abhishek strongly condemned corruption in the state especially in the smuggling of coal which has affected the state and especially the revenue collection.
It is encouraging to know that there is a way to reinvent the words that are needed to be in equal communication.
It is clear that they are not torturing without suitñiew or to invade and attack the small states outside India, they are strongly involved in the BJP-ruled central government. After leaving the Legislative Assembly as a sign of opposition, he immediately said that all the members of the Legislative Assembly are not allowed to be insulted and can be insulted. the prime minister and the governor for refusing to accept the truth.
Sports athletes and sports organizations have demanded that the Government should suspend or cancel the decision to convert the sports hall in Lachumiere into an office, but all of them have failed.
Speaking to media, the President of the Rynjah Taxi Service Association, Bah Pynsuk D.Iuroi, said that their visit was after they had sent a petition. They, on 14th June 2021 to the Commissioner of Transport Department to demand an increase in the fare which has not been renewed for 11 years.
In Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, including Ballia in UP, the District Hospital has reported 83 deaths since July 11, of which 44-54 were deaths. people whose fatigue was aggravated by the heat of the sun.
When you write news, you give a report and we who read it understand but you write news like you write a story.
Shillong: The Assistant Inspector General of Police (A), Bah GK Iangrai, today said that the police have arrested a man who used to send various emails, threatening to detonate bombs, in which were sent in the name of “Bright future".
He said the government will immediately introduce a Bill in the current session on this issue.
The group will continue to search in the coming days while the CM has not yet implemented the ILP in Meghalaya.
The notices said that the Court has received a complaint that the HNLC leaders have committed or are suspected to have committed illegal acts under Section 120B/435/436 of the IPC. read together with Section 3/5 of the Explosive Substances Act 1908 and Section 10(B) (ii)/13(I) of the UA (P) Act
He said that although Jirang Constituency is still lagging behind in terms of development works compared to previous years, as an MLA he has taken the initiative to bring about many development works and in all aspects. I am also very pleased that from this constituency there are great thinkers and intelligent students who will lead the way for the future as shown in the results of the SSLC examination that the students have come forward and can do. good.
“Thank you India, you have arrested my son, I am sure you will arrest my daughter and I don't know who else you mean after them,” said Indrajit.
The union also admitted to being involved in the bomb blasts at the Tinsukia Dirak Army camp and the CRPF camp at Jaisaigar CRPF Camp in Sivagar. the Assam police as your inheritance.
Speaking to media, MCCEU President Shanlang Diengdoh said that the talks with the Prime Minister were equal and they accept the proposal of the Prime Minister that the government should release the a little bit of money this November.
The meeting was held at Pahamsyiem Square in Nongpoh.
“In the MP elections,
Any policy formulated by the Academic Council is expected to be implemented by the Executive Council without delay as the policy is formulated and implemented for the benefit of various groups.
The JHADC has a responsibility for the people living on the border and as the land manager it does not allow the rights of the residents to be lost.
He promised to set up a garbage truck in Kynshi area so that it will be easier for the villages to clean up the village.
For this reason, the public has faced many problems due to the lack of staff when they come to the office.
On the same day, when Bah Bathok Nongmalieh, who joined the UDP, the UDP leaders announced that he will be the candidate of the UDP party and will He will contest from Jirang Constituency in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
Shillong, November 09 : U Lakhon Lanong has won a silver medal in the Junior National Karate Championship organized by the KIA in New Delhi. He won the silver medal at the North East Olympic Games 2022 which ended recently in Meghalaya.
In this regard, the West Garo Hills Police have sent social bonds to 125 persons who have been accused of causing riots and all of them have been taken to court for signing bonds. that social.
“This shows that the party leaders and MLAs do not have an understanding.
Meanwhile, Mizoram admitted that the people from Assam attacked the vehicle of the Shijur passing through the Vairengte-Lailapur highway.
Donbok said that when the OC shot him, he asked me, “Are you Jesus or who?” I didn't know the answer because I was afraid. “It's too late to shoot again,” said the young man.
Because they are farmer-owned groups, which open opportunities for them to pool resources and enhance their bargaining power, FPOs are one of the most important vehicles for change in the rep work.
He said that he has already made it clear that he needs to wait until the last meeting with the HPC before taking any decision.
PHH – 5 kilos per head (No fee) If anyone has received the money or has not received these items, please complain to the SDO (Supply) office in writing. clearly state their name and hometown so they can be punished.
This celebration continues from year to year.
Politicians, ministers and officers have often been accused of embezzling public money, but the embezzlement started first, in which the citizens of Meghalaya were in dire need of money.
She is a child who loves and obeys her brothers, sisters and parents.
Speaking to reporters, PAC Chairman Charles Pyngrope (Congress MLA from Nongthymmai) said that the helicopter landing site is no longer in use.
Prestone said it has been decided to strengthen the police department as there is a shortage of manpower in Shillong and the government will take action to ensure that the patrol will be 24 hours a day.
They are now in a residence, which they have not told anyone, because they don't want anyone to harass them, especially because Thasrana, is one of the most successful robbers.
Leaders of the union including President, Secretary Napoleon Mawphniang and Vice President Jeremy Mawiong urged the government to improve the waste management methods like other countries. They also met with the DC of East Khasi Hills to discuss the issue of vehicle emissions.
She said that drugs affect the brain because they contain psychoactive substances that control their thinking.
Two workers were injured and taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
We hope that you, Lat Sahep, will judge fairly and it will be the most terrible and unacceptable act of violence if we Khasi are divided into two groups or two sides.
From November to the second month of June, most of the residents in the rural areas are not in the village, but are in the places where they go to work, farm and work and live. mother and young children.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today submitted a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to express its opposition to the decision of the state government to turn the state into a vacant land through the Introduction of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
The drama is not over here either as the remaining four Congress MLAs have also started looking for seats.
We have received a letter that we have been suspended from the party and after that we have not received any information,” said Bah Ramsang.
There are those who blame the author, or Manjir Ghosh, but the author is a private person and cannot write an article about Ri Khasi, if he doesn't know anything and even if he writes, he won't. may be published, if the Ministry of Education has not yet approved it; However, when it came to the press, it had the approval of the government officials in the Indian government department and the truth is that the department has not agreed or wants to to defame or do anything to defame the Khasi people as a whole.
The UIPM also supports the opening up of the players from these countries as intermediate and independent players, along with passports that they are from Russia and Belarus and to allow athletes from all countries to participate as one family in their sports activities, especially as it is currently on the road to selected for the 2024 Olympics.
When they reached Shangbangla, a coal truck (AP 16 TH 1393) collided with a SwiftDesire Tourist (AS 25 CC
In Maharashtra, 3,427 cases have been reported in the past 24 hours and 113 deaths, including 73 males and 40 females, the health department said.
It will be the first time that Modi will hold a rally in Meghalaya and address thousands of people to seek support for the BJP in the Assembly elections to be held on the 27th of this month. month.
The incident is the worst incident at this time after several shooting incidents that the US has experienced in the past few days.
The HNLC has also made it clear that it will continue to work and protect the identity of the jaitbynriew by every means available.
I used to think that the Christian faith was all about how we could be saved and get to heaven, and beyond that everything was carnal and all the way to hell.
Sunali Khatun of Ghugrakandi village has lodged a complaint with the police that on the same day at 9:30 pm, two persons identified as Rezzak Miah and Mahammad Miah, shot dead her. Md.SabulMiah (10 years old) and this happened while he was leading the cows to graze.
Shillong: The Maitshaphrang Movement, on Tuesday 13th October 2023, in a statement to the media, through Bah Michael N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Maitshaphrang Movement (MAM) on Tuesday said that daughters and sons.
Furthermore, the lack of drainage system and before the cleaning was not properly cleaned in the rocky areas and was cleaned on top of the rocks, which is not expected to last.
The world today is full of struggles.
“Why hasn't the government arrested the people involved in such incidents whether it is in Nongmynsong, Barapani and other places where the government used to arrest these people involved?” he asked. in such matters this action of the government would make it impossible to control such incidents".
At the same time, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh strongly condemned the government's decision to dismiss the officers from the Lokayukta.
Besides these words, the RBYF leader urged the youths who have come to join the RBYF, to be prepared for the protest and whatever happens. The time and especially at this time, when the political parties in the state are still fighting against the central government on the CAA and also regarding the demand from the state government to implement the ILP in the state.
The longkñi who have followed the kharlieh religion are no longer allowed to perform the rituals in the household, the office bearers in the village, township, raij and hima who have followed the kharlieh religion are no longer allowed to perform the rituals in the village, township and raij. province.
The Cabinet may be more prompt in discussing this issue, in which the State Government may also have to inform the Court of its decision in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The fire brigade at KJP HS School has been delayed in arriving by the Dong Mission Village Authority. Almost all parts of the school were on fire and for that reason they could not extinguish the fire in time.
Arts & Culture Secretary- Daohi Shylla 10.
“Should only the Chief Minister of Assam alone fix the boundary, should the Chief Minister of Meghalaya sign the boundary,” said Bah Kharbani, who is also the Chairman of the HANM Land Protection Cell.
The Waheh Shnong and others also took part in the march.
“Besides the deterioration of the road, the parking of vehicles has caused many problems to the people and I urge the Deputy Commissioner and the SP of EJH to take action against this. ", said Ma Thubru.
Police have seized a Tata Sumo and a mobile phone and lodged a complaint under the NDPS Act against the suspect.
She said that the aim of the festival is to explain that those who have the disease should not be looked down upon but to encourage them so that they will not be afraid of others to come forward. I don't want to test myself.
Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, who is also the wife of Jaya Bachchan, has appeared before the Enforcement Directorate (ED) today in connection with the findings of the Panama Investigation Team. Aishwarya was questioned at the ED office in Delhi today.
Bun Paswet, 60, of Panaliar, Jowai, was admitted to Woodland Hospital on 6th June and died on 8th June.
Due to the growing economy, building strong teams is essential and also those who are newly entering the workforce should get good training and work in their areas of expertise.
We get 63 billion cubic liters of water every year but out of this, 31 billion cubic liters flows to Bangladesh and 31 billion cubic liters to Assam and only 1 billion cubic liters has been collected,” he said. The Meghalaya Water Smart Kid Campaign, a campaign launched by the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) to raise awareness among children on the importance of water conservation.
It was also recalled that as soon as the meeting from Pynursla was over, the Pastor had to leave immediately to attend other meetings and handed over the remaining time to Bah Adelbert Nongrum. “We have changed the time of the meeting,” said the Pastor without saying who changed the time but it is understood that before the meeting. The meeting shall be approved by the Deputy Commissioner.
On the other hand, COMSO has already announced that it will go to all the places where the ministers of the Government of India come to hold meetings in the state to protest against the decision of the Government of India to The ILP has been approved for implementation in Meghalaya.
“This is a minor incident...there was a clash on the road, not inside the police station between the two groups,” the SP told reporters.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 16: The St. Jude Secondary School, Umpher in Byrnihat area of ​​Ri Bhoi District has been facing floods every year due to the lack of flood water supply. The National Highway-6 in RiBhoi District has been flooded due to heavy rains.
The meeting was also attended by CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, former VC of Martin Luther, RG Lyngdoh. , writers from the Khasi Author Society, Village Authorities and others from NEHU. Before the launch of the book, there were several speakers.
Dear brothers and sisters, please think for them too.
Leningstar Rymbai, President JSM, said that if the government has any intention to help the people during this time of crisis, it should take immediate action to release the coal approved by the NGT for auction. the whole state to supply these coal factories rather than allowing the import of goods or coal from abroad.
The KSU Moodymmai also strongly condemns the KSU Moodymmai, which has posted a picture of one of the prostitutes on social media.
Shillong: An incident has shocked and shocked the residents of Wahlang kjat Shnongneng, Shella area on 27th July 2020 at a place where There were 11 families, it collapsed and began to fall slowly into the ground.
There was a newspaper, I read in Nongsain Hima, on the 16th of July (I forgot to note the year) under the heading 'Agartala gets second place in the Swatch Brarat Abhiyan.
He said that the arrest of the President of the KSU is a complaint lodged by the DC's office and said that if the government complains that it is a damage during the ILP protest, it should also arrest all the officers who I'm going to New Shillong.
She said about 29 people have died since the dates of the elections were announced.
The Union demands that one Minister should be appointed from Ri-Bhoi for the purpose of bringing about changes and development works in the district as a whole, as Ri-Bhoi District is often denied the right to Shillong, Lber 06: The General Secretary of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Tuesday said that the party will consider the issue of Ministers in the previous MDA-I government. The party will take steps to take steps regarding the demand for the recount of the votes of Mylliem Constituency after the discussion and clarification from the District Election Officer (DEO) on the demand for the recount of the votes of Mylliem Constituency. .
Chyne said the central government through the 15th Finance Commission of the central government has allocated T.192 crore to the KHADC and out of this it has released T.91 crore in the first tranche and the state government. The government has released the share to the KHADC, but the remaining amount of T.20 crore is still withheld by the government.
Application forms can be obtained from Shillong Today Media House near the High Court, from Iba Video-Iewduh (Motphran) and from the office of T7-Upper Lachumiere.
'The proverb of the wise says, 'Suddenly, stand up or fall down.
In his speech, Garg acknowledged the participation of joint teams such as BSF and Assam Rifles, ITBP, SSB and similar teams from Bhutan and Bangladesh.
When we look at the records available to the public, we find that the compensation of those who have retired is the heaviest burden on MeECL and these payments total up to Rs 840 crore.
Umlong said that most of the cows that were slaughtered were from outside the state while most of the pigs were from outside the state. Last year, no cases were found to have snieh doh because as buyers they do not buy if the cows are sick because if they buy, they will be rejected at the place and the loss will be to the buyers themselves.
In India, in the absence of their bosses, it is the chuta Babu who act to explain and manage the work on behalf of their bosses.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang, 24: Ka Kur Snaitang, as part of its efforts to encourage the achievements of its members in the field of education, has held a ceremony to honor them at Kench's. Trace, Shillong, East Khasi Hills District.
To reduce the number of Trading Licenses issued, the EM of Trade said that the department will set a limit on the number of Trading Licenses to be issued, and no one will be issued more than that number. Issuance of a Trading License.
The KSU Narpuh Circle also urged the General Secretary of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Ma S. Pale, to help talk to the government in relation to this demand.
Of these 39 cases, 10 cases are from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 1 case from South Garo Hills and 24 cases from West Garo Hills.
In the Bandipur Tiger Reserve, the rehabilitation of the areas affected by the wildfires has been successful.
This is unbelievable because if so, the State Government should have consulted before introducing the Act in the Legislative Assembly and should not have made the Rules.
They were traveling from Mawiong to Mawlai Mawtawar through the Mawlai By Pass.
The Executive Engineer of PWD, Bah C Kharmudai, said that they have already issued the work order for about two years now, but they have not been able to build it until the PHE works have been completed. was implemented.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District today expressed its strong opposition to the introduction of a casino in Ri-Bhoi District. to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi District and as a union we cannot accept this casino which is known to be a job that affects the society and the families.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the District Council will fight against discrimination and will not allow non-Khasi women to take the job. jait that only the children.
On this occasion, Amit Shah said that the killing is not new and denied that anyone has been punished.
Shillong: The District Council Leaders have requested two days from the government to take a decision on the decision of the state government to implement the extension of the CrPC and CPC across the country. state.
She said that all employees in the health department should not set an example of refusal because we don't have the rules to provide accommodation for employees when they are transferred abroad.
However, the Rap Iieng is bad because the Rympei Iieng does not have daughters, but only sons.
Nongpoh, July 17: The BJP Meghalaya Pradesh today held a District Level Workshop at Pahamsyiem village to raise awareness among the people on the PM-Vishwakarma scheme. and manufacturing.
The High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC) appointed by the state government to investigate the recruitment of teachers has recommended to the government to dismiss 246 teachers of lower primary schools, who have been accused of illegally recruiting teachers. by the wrong way.
“Ha... ha...ha, that's right,” said Bah Sokon and laughed.
Abu Taher Mondal, who was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in the past, has been appointed as a Minister of State. Power Department, C&RD Block and Taxation Department.
Because God rained fire on Sodom and Gomorrah because of their wickedness.
To avoid such misunderstandings, they should have gone to the people in charge of the scheme so that they can explain, he added.
The same is true of elections.
He said that this does not mean that just because other states have done, Meghalaya should also pass the resolution.
Shillong, Jymmang 4 : The BJP on Saturday said that the people of Meghalaya want it to lead a new government in Meghalaya after the 2nd of this month.
The President said that this should shock the people of Meghalaya as a state in the North East and asked that if the Prime Minister leaves the region, what will happen if such an incident happens. wan happened in the State.
The jail will be handed over to the Urban Affairs Department while the jail will take over the Urban land at NST. On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that “The project is progressing smoothly and I will try to ensure that within two years it will be handed over to the relevant authorities. ," he said.
Shillong: U SG Ematur Mominin, MLA of Phulbari, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Forest Corporation Limited, today promised at the meeting of the deficit teachers of Garo Hills that he will take the issues of the deficit teachers to the state government. Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister.
The 16-member team will be led by Dondor Marweing, Marshal Swer as coach and Carolyne Sunn as manager.
Shillong, October 9: Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been elected as the 26th Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Members of the COVID Response Task Force include CVD Diengdoh, IAS, Shantanu Sharma, IAS, Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya C&RD, Ambrose Ch Marak, MCS, Director of Higher and Technical Education, Barnari Mawlong, MCS, Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Commerce & Industries Dept.
When Jesus came near Jerusalem, he wept for her.
Many households still have to buy ration from the market but the ration provided by the government has also helped the households who are still in need.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has already informed the Union Home Minister of the need to discuss the CAB and also to take part in consulting with the people in charge of the CAB. He said the Home Minister has shown and wants to meet with those in charge of the CAB to discuss and gather their views on the issue and has already sent to the state government to start. to do something to restore peace.
He said that if you look at government schools or colleges or those that receive government support, there is no problem in salaries because the government has already allocated up to Rs 14,000 crore per annum to pay salaries. However, the problem is only for the SSA teachers because their salary comes from Delhi.
It is learned that another truck, carrying coal, has overturned this morning at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, on the arrest of people in connection with the incident in Tura, Saleng said the government cannot just arrest people by suspicion, but to have a thorough investigation. .
Speech was delivered by the Secretary Shnong, Bah Kynmaw Nongdhar, who said that Mawtawar is an old village and with the presence of a leader like Bah PT Sawkmie. , many benefits have been achieved.
In Cape Town, shops were destroyed and there were clashes between residents and police because of the hunger, residents said.
In the letter, Kharmujai also informed Pa'iem Latho that Mawlai Mawdatbaki has been in possession of this cemetery since 1966 during the reign of Pa'iem Francis Syiem. dwar u blei) and since then he said that the village has been taking care of and burying people in that place until now.
The BSF opened fire on the vehicle and as a result of the shooting, one person was seriously injured and later died.
However, until yesterday, when they received the report that he was positive for Covid-19 (Omicron), the department has been monitoring him, but found that he has left. on the same day without coming to the state.
He was the one who would make a covenant of peace with Israel in the future and would empower Israel to build the Temple in Jerusalem.
“The party has only a few minutes left before submitting its recommendations to the State Government,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, HANM Northern Border Zone General Secretary John Khongsit said that the HANM has received complaints from the residents of Maikhuli, Nongthymmai and Khanapara areas that a person named Abhinav Sureka has used explosives to quarry stone and this poses a threat to the families and the people walking and standing in these parts of the quarry.
Regarding the appointment of Meclyour Lyngdoh, the office bearers of the San Kur Phra Kur, including Bah Warsing Sohiong, Acting Chief and Chairman of the San Kur Phra Kur, said: Jasper Matlang, General Secretary, Drington Matlang as Pator, Plitshon Sohiong as Basan and Karmel Rynghang as Maji. Meclyour Lyngdoh was appointed Lyngdoh because at the time of appointment of Lyngdoh and promotion, they did not inform the office bearers of the Dorbar and it was as if they were violating the customs and traditions of the Raid.
However, in 2020, he was suspended from the MLS for violating the Seng's rules.
The Rangbah Shnong of Malki, Bah Oflyn Dohling, distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of the President of Kick Boxing & Washu, Bah Danny Rani, elders and office bearers of the club.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Saiden Unit on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Forest and Environment Department of the State against the illegal mining of shyiap from the Wah Iewsier in the Umtasor Bead Territorial. Forest Department.
At about 6:30 pm, a close friend of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah came out again.
The source said that this amount allocated is for the purchase of equipment for the period 2021-2022 which will be paid in full, while for the year 2022-2023 it is only 40%.
He said that the civil society strongly condemns the slanderous statement of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
The meeting was held at the BJP office Shillong.
She said that the people have expressed their satisfaction to see that the MLA and MDC are working together and she said that her supporters who were formerly in the HSPDP have now come together to join the HSPDP. PDF.While Bah Hamlet said that this is the first time in Mylliem constituency that an MLA has worked with an MDC, “It is the first time in Mylliem constituency that an MLA has worked with “If we don't work together as leaders, the people will suffer,” he said.
The recruitment process in Government jobs has not been satisfactory to the youth and from time to time there have been allegations that the Government recruitment process has not been transparent.
The WKSU has found many shortcomings or differences according to the Detail Project Report, which aims to construct this road.
The campaign was attended by Ms. B.Sten, Advocate, Legal Aid Counsel, DSLA, Shillong. She explained about the National Legal Service Authority and its mission. also on the POCSO Act to punish those who violate the human rights of children under the age of 18 years.
Ma Pala also acknowledged that there is a shortage in some areas and constituencies due to the defection of some leaders.
Although the state government in the last budget session, the Minister of PHE acknowledged that Meghalaya has been ahead of other states in implementing the Central Government's Jal scheme. Jeevan Mission but in view of the lack of work of the PHE department in relation to the water distribution system, it has been a shambles because only the villages in Shillong have not been able to distribute water exactly. Nongpoh, Lber 08: The Surya Kiran Aerobatic Team of the Indian Air Force today displayed its aircraft. Hundreds of people came to witness the skills of the Air Force, which is also part of the celebration of International Women's Day.
He said Meghalaya is one of the few states which has passed a resolution to reserve 50% of the posts of Secretary and President of Village Employment Councils for women.
With the target of implementing the project within five years, the Directorate of Food Processing has been appointed to implement the mission.
“After investigating the condition of roads in Shangpung Division, we feel it is necessary to investigate how much the PWD department or the government spends to submit road maintenance works every month. “I don't know why the roads are bad,” said Bah Rymbai.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Buildings), Prestone Tynsong on Friday convened a meeting to discuss the construction of the new Meghalaya Legislative Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang. in the month of April
Nongstoin, Naitung 21: The Higher Secondary Section of KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School Nongstoin has reached its 10th milestone in its history since its establishment in The management of the school today, also celebrated the special day of the HS Section which was held in the grounds of the school.
He said that the Council has not yet paid the T.30 lakh allocated for the purchase of traditional materials.
Shillong: The five deaths from coronavirus in the state on Saturday include Starson A Sangma (80), Reserve Gittim, West Garo Hills, U Nirupa Roy Patwet, 50, of Khimmusiang, Pohkseh, West Jaintia Hills, died at home. Pynshai Manik Nongbri, 71, died at home. Dipendro M Sangma, 60, of Rongkon, Songittal, West Garo Hills.
There are 204 deaths today.
Itanagar: China has built another village in Arunachal Pradesh with 60 houses, NDTV reported. They were born in 2019, but now, after six years, they have built new houses.
When asked about the party's position on the implementation of the NEP in Meghalaya, Charles said, “Yesterday I had a conversation with the former principal of St. Edmund's College. The State Education Commission should review this policy first”.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held at Mawkynjoin Stadium in Laitkseh in the presence of Samla John Fisher Nongsiang President of KSU WKH, Sordar of Laitkseh Village. Rangbah Shnong, LSC members, parents and others.
It is learned that these two men, who claimed to be working in Lawmali, took a taxi to Sohra.
The MSSASA filed the petition on 28th July this year against the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
We are people who speak clearly, if we have to join any party, clearly and not just do it,” he said.
He said this at a public meeting held at Khliehriat West on Saturday.
School children these days are more likely to walk except for a few but their lives have been made easier by cars from home (of course there is a need for a car because school books these days are heavier).
The Minister declined to comment on the land used for the disposal of garbage collected from Jowai and said it is his duty as a leader and as the Minister of Urban Affairs to He looked at this section and they are still moving forward to get a place to collect dust and he understands that it is a difficult task and not easy.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday launched 80 Boleros, 140 motorcycles and six cranes to provide better services.
“In 1998 I won from the UDP and now I will contest again from the UDP and I hope to win with dignity. the people"he added.
These Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes can purchase land at will in Meghalaya.
He said that one of the reasons for his resignation from the party is because there is a conflict between the Congress leaders.
The HFU also urges the government to pay compensation to the people who have lost their livelihood due to the damage caused by wildlife.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced that it will not be able to give ticket to Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the brother-in-law of Bah H.Donkupar R Lyngdoh. The election was held in Sohiong constituency.
To ensure that the committee will be clean in the leadership of all political parties, it has allowed two more members to participate in the discussion.
The new cases include EJH: 8, EKH: 78, RBD: 25, SGH: 1, SWKH: 3, WGH: 2, WJH: 12 and WKH:
In a petition sent to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, he said that the Sub Center at Ranibari is an old health center and has provided services to many people. Therefore, the state government needs to think carefully and also to help in filling the shortcomings inside the hospital.
East Khasi Hills District today recorded the lowest number of employees who came to work yesterday with 55% of the employees who came to work yesterday while now it has dropped to 51%.
According to Fr Majaw, schools run by religious groups cannot comply with the rules laid down by the government.
If you look at the shops owned by other ethnic groups, even the footpath has been turned into a place to store goods or a place to store the most illegal items which has reached the point where the people don't don't have a place to walk.
Shillong, Naitung : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie today distributed 5000 tyngka to 30 Self Help Groups (SHGs) of Umshing, Umjapung and Mawkynroh villages.
This will provide lawyers with scientific evidence, which will also help us to increase the conviction rate.
The SHCDM project aims to provide training in four types of jobs including ITI in Rynjah, Jowai, Williamnagar and Baghmara to improve these jobs.
“Personally, I feel that such demands should not be listened to.
The UDP leader said that there is an understanding that the UDP will work with the BJP if its candidate wins the last MP election. Dr Don said that the national parties have not won the MP elections from Shillong since 1989 and therefore, Their defeat has become an event that has happened all along.
Of this, it paid T.14.43 crore in 1988-89 and 1999-2000 as housing loan to the borrowers.
“Tourist attractions are a great asset to the area and I urge them to take care of the beauty that Mother Nature has given us from rivers, forests, valleys, hills, wildlife and birds. meat", he said.
Speeches were also delivered by W. Mukdoh, District Transport Officer, South West Khasi Hills District as the Chief Guest, SI Laso, SDO, Roads Mawkyrwat Division, Kyrshanlang Nongbri, Working Division. President of TULBA Central Body in the presence of other members of TULBA, Bah W.Snaitang, Secretary Village Mawkyrwat and elders.
On the claims of both sides, Ma Sniawbha said that all these are only “election talks” and what happens during the elections will end only in the elections.
Process strongly condemned the police for using tear gas and stick bombs especially against the mothers.
He also made the animals, the birds, the beasts, and the creatures.
The money that should be spent on the development of the state will reach the pockets of these MLAs and ministers, and the state and its people will decline in all areas.
Pyniaid said that as part of the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Act, the District Council has started distributing garbage trucks to several villages and this distribution of garbage trucks will be about Twenty villages under the jurisdiction of the council.
It has also installed its Forest Check Gate within the boundary of the village.
She said that this initiative has been a blessing to many patients who have expressed their gratitude to the sub center which has set up this teleconsultation.
Therefore, when you speak anything, speak what you can prove.
On the part of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi, we request the children of the 7-trep 7-skum through various departments of the Seiñ Raij to cooperate with the SKSR 12-Daloi. take part with the public to attend this Lympung.
Drugs destroy not only the user but also the family, society and the future,” he added.
The award was received by the Minister of Public Health and Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar in the presence of Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, Government of India.
In the defense of the country, 8 policemen have been killed and 16 injured in these years, while 21 civilians have lost their lives and 30 have been injured, he said. .
UDP MLA and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that there is nothing wrong if the Governor of Meghalaya speaks in Hindi at the meeting. The State Assembly shall not be elected.
The Leaders of the Opposition in the House on Tuesday expressed their concern over the increase in drug trafficking in the State and suggested to the Government to take strong measures to curb this evil. .
The source said that after the incident, these people, who came in a Maruti Alto-800 rong blue, caused a lot of trouble and panic among the people inside the area. area.
Ranjan, who is a waiter at a hotel in Nongpoh, is believed to have suspected his wife of having an affair with Das.
The affected stations are 33 KV and 11 KV stations in West and South Garo Hills.
Meghalaya tied first and scored 123 runs on Tuesday, while Nagaland scored only 83 runs and when Meghalaya tied again, they scored 22 runs. out.
Dr Pakha Tesia, President, Indian Psychiatric Society, was the chief guest.
“The lack of law enforcement personnel here in East Jaintia Hills District has encouraged criminals to attack women and children until such crimes have increased rapidly and it is on this basis, as the party. “It is necessary to strongly oppose this lack of authority and to ensure the smooth running of law and order in the district and as a party we have decided to hold a peaceful protest,” he said. said the Working President of KBCC, Piwel Shylla.
The KSU Iooksi Unit has distributed these aid items to about 20 households to the residents of Umdienglieng, Iooksi B and about 16 households to the residents of Iooksi Iapkhla.
Evaluate the computer and see if you get the full marks.
The time when the Beast will rule for 3 and a half years, the time when God's peace with the Gentiles will end.
Conrad acknowledged that there are many colleges and academicians who have supported the NEP and said that it will help to improve education in the state and at the same time. time to prepare young people for tomorrow.
According to Rule 6 sub-rule 2 of the AD Rules, we have convened a dorbar and approved the name of the MDC through a resolution taken in the dorbar.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 555,313, according to the University of Baltimore.
At that time, when there were few people, there was no celebration of this annual festival.
Refiness Warjri – Silver Sub-Junior Girl 1.
Speaking after a meeting with the civil society groups, Mukul said the government in the last three years has taken many measures to strengthen the law enforcement agencies. to prevent the entry of people into the state.
Police immediately informed the police and blocked the road at Kongong which falls under Lad Rymbai OP. When the police searched the vehicle they found 10 boxes of explosives including dynamite (gelatin). sticks) 2000 and 1000 detonators weighing up to 250 kilos.
However, the BWF said that it is proceeding in accordance with its rules and regulations and the implementation of some of the rules it has prepared in the implementation of the project in order to allow the players of the BWF. These two countries will not compete in the INA (Individual Neutral Athletes).
In the evening, the Kmai Raijs from all the villages including Panaliar, Dulong, Lumpyrdi, Lumiongkjam, Tpep Pale and Lumkyrwiang visited the places prepared at Iawmusiang. while the Khon Raij (Chilliangraij) brought the 'Khnong Blai' to the place at Loom Sooiung, New Hills Jowai and from there all the children of the Kmai Raij left by the same route.
Many people fled and left their homes.
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of South Garo Hills has arrested three persons from Gasuapara after recovering a large quantity of Phensedyl from them.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the project once completed will employ more than 2000 milk producers and will also help fill the milk shortage in the state.
Among all the Behdeinkhlam festivals, the Behdeinkhlam festival in Jowai is one of the most popular festivals with 12 to 15 rots while the Sein Raij Tuber is the most popular festival in Jowai. Jaintia Hills where 65 to 70 rot from different villages including 26 from East and West Jaintia Hills.
New Delhi, Naitung 8: The Railway Department of the Union Government has proposed two passenger trains for the North East, one of which is Guwahati-Mendipathar, in Garo Hills.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 28: To ensure the peace and order of the people of Ri Bhoi and to prevent any illegal activities in the traffic on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi, the Ri Bhoi Police have continued to They have been patrolling this road for the safety of the people in coming and going and also for the peace and order of the people of Ri Bhoi.
“I have directed the officers of the department to immediately talk to their fellow officers from Assam so that we can cooperate and the traffic from Meghalaya to Assam will not be affected,” he said. Bah Lyngdoh while speaking to reporters on Tuesday.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 08: The KSU Nongtrai Sepngi Unit on the 6th of this month has renewed its office bearers by electing the office bearers to leave the lyngkor of the party.
He said that the payments related to the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme have been suspended and many payments have passed through many VECs during the online upload.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie, led by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU, in the presence of other leaders, including Samla Biangbor L.Paliang, Vice -KSU Sengkmie President Ferdynald K.Kharkamni, President KSU Ri Bhoi District and others, today visited Umsaw Lumdorbar village, Raid Nongtung village. The village has been subjected to border crossing by the Assam government officials through the Forest Department.
At the same time, many scholars have rejected this view and found it to be merely a myth.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.
However, in the 99th minute, she scored the winner and this delighted her fans, who stood up from the seats to cheer.
Shillong: The Golden Jubilee of the Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU) of the Alumni Association of St. John Bosco Boys' High School, Sohra, was held today .2019 by Bah Cavin M.Mylliemngap, MLA Sohra Constituency in the presence of former and current students.
The Autonomous Research and Development Institution through the Planning Department and the Ri Bhoi Traditional Healers Association will be implementing this centre.
Furthermore, the facility to change centers for such candidates is also available on the UPSC website from 12 noon on July 2, 2023 to 5 pm on 12 July, 2023 for a total of twenty-four hours.
On NH 61, all types of vehicles have been allowed to pass, NH-62 has been opened except in some parts, NH 51, AMPT Road, Tura-Baghmara Road. Shillong-Nongstoin-Williamnagar-Tura Road, Damra-Dainadubi-Mendipathar Road, Paikan-Resubelpara Road have been opened for all types of vehicles except the Mahendraganj-Purakhasia road.
The four candidates who have filed their nomination papers today are Kimfa S. Marbaniang of the NPP from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, Gabriel Wahlang of the Congress from Nongstoin constituency and Macmillan Byrsat from Nongstoin constituency. RG Momin, independent candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, fourth place went to RG Momin and Goldenstar Nonglong, Congress candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency.
He said he had been in the BJP since 1996 and won the MLA election in 1998 and returned to the BJP after defecting to the Congress for more than three years.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 9 cases of high risk contact.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by nine wickets in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy in Chennai today.
"He was in response to the security arrangements for the Republic Day celebrations, especially the recent decision of the HNLC to suspend the peace talks. and government.
The bank's Pune headquarters recorded a record 26% increase in cross advances of Rs 1,35,240 crore till the end of October,
Shillong, March 19: A rocket bomb has exploded on a tree at Quinton Road, Khyndailad at 7 pm this evening. The fire broke out and Khyndailad was about to burn down, but the fire was extinguished by the quick arrival of fire trucks.
Nongpoh: About 40 residents of Nongladaw village, Jirang Constituency, have been admitted to Patharkhmah CHC for treatment. The incident occurred after these people ate food in a funeral home in Mairangpur, Assam.
Publicity secretary: Fill in the blank
Speaking to media on November 13, Sangma said, “It is a fact that the MRSSAB is intending to replace the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which we have proposed and approved. in the Assembly, and the Bill did not receive the approval of the Governor and was sent to Delhi to the President for approval.
If the Soil Conservation and PHE Offices have already been paid , what will happen to the public ? ? ? It is expected that the tarajur will not be biased towards the tall or the short.
Before the turn of the second half, Mulait's Romarius Laban had a chance to try against Rangdajied's goal but Banshanlang Sten's goalkeeper saved the ball. Mulait scored her first goal.
This makes everyone suspicious.
“Those who are stupid and stupid should not ask what the KSU has done in the past 40 years but let them ask themselves what they have done for the nation,” he said. he concluded.
However, implementation is difficult due to location.
"“This release of funds 10 days before the protest shows that the State Government has already received the donation from the Central Government for the scholarship for the year 2021-2 The delay may be due to the fact that they intend to use it in other areas as 2023 is approaching,” said Bah Nonglang.
During the raid, they also arrested two suspects identified as Faizal Laskar and Hakimul Barbhuiya.
The Government has also listened to the HNLC's request for peace talks, and is now looking for ways and means to implement these peace talks. purpose.
“We have a lot of work to do, and we are confident that the BJP will be in government and bring about many changes for the people under the leadership of Narendra Modi,” he said.
“We accepted the proposal of Governor Mooshahary at that time, but the Congress government in the state and the central government did not accept it,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Nongpoh Town Committee, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, said that soon the government in collaboration with the District Administration, the Nongpoh Town Committee and the Urban Affairs Department will be able to to hand over these houses to 32 households in the first phase and others will be handed over later after the completion of the construction of these 44 unit houses in Umbuda Village .
The Kyrbei is an endangered species. The police will hand over the animal to the Wildlife Department and at the same time the police will investigate. this work.
My husband has nothing to do with this,” she said, tying herself with her own sandals.
He is willing to meet us as we are.
He said that the people can invite the RSS to their programs to explain the activities of the RSS.
100 grams of this fruit contains about 7 grams of fiber.
Lady Kean College beat Shillong College 2-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at JN Sports Complex, Polo, Shillong.
Those who saw the meeting on the Facebook Page of the NPP were shocked to see the people carrying the flags of the NPP. “If it is the program of the NPP, we don't say anything.
Referring to the illegal immigrants, Nongrum said the government should provide information to identify these people.
Therefore, the organization in the spirit of helping others and in the spirit of patriotism has invited friends to join the group 7TREP RA which has helped at least 800 households in the areas of They are found in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and especially in the Khappud areas.
In fact, Bah Ardent gave a very relevant speech on the reservation policy and roster system in the last Budget Session in the Legislative Assembly.
“I have seen the voice of the political parties within the Coalition Government.
Starina Jasain from the state came second in the 21K race in the age group of 50 years and above.
Vehicles coming from Ri War, West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi areas should park near the Civil Hospital to Barik Point and so on. Heavy vehicles coming from Polo areas should park at the MBOSE office. , DTO office, and other small vehicles, the location is at the NEEPO office, St Mary's, St Margaret.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah has won by 2,592 votes in the fourth phase of the counting of votes.
Thus from the rebuilding of Jerusalem until the time of the Messiah (Jesus Christ) will be 69 days.
Tura MP and Purno Sangma's daughter Agatha Sangma immediately inspected the stadium and expressed their anger against the company that built the stadium.
“I hope that the cooperation of the supporters of Bah HM Shangpliang and the supporters of Bah Alvin Sawkmie will bring back the victory in the MDC election from Mawsynram constituency next year,” he said.
F.Kharshiing (Working President of MSOA) and Bah Finely Pariat (Organizing Secretary MSOA).
However, this approach of the Meghalaya government is also part of the efforts to promote the lyngkar industry in the state and to promote the household cleaning industry as well.
And it is their love and desire to develop various talents that Meghalaya remains a living state.
For cows we get from Assam, Bihar, UP and elsewhere; for pigs we get from Assam, Bengal, Bihar and elsewhere; for cattle we get from the state and Assam; for fish we get from Andhra Pradesh and Assam besides the state and for meat we get from Andhra Pradesh.
The state government has issued a notice to set up the Commission on July 7 with former Chief Justice Aftab H Saikia as Chairman and former DGP PJP Hanaman as members.
At the age of four months she was baptized into the Presbyterian Church and named Naphibanbet.
On the night of 22nd June 2020, at 10.41 pm, I sent a message on whatsapp, writing “Executive?” which is his new job, but I didn't get any reply (although he is very fast but it was at 12 o'clock in the evening, that I received the information, that Bah V Nongsiej, is no longer alive and this is the plan of my last message, to him, who has passed away. go quickly off the face of the earth.
Chemistry At NEHU he was also appointed as the President of KSU NEHU to lead the Khasi Students Association at that time and as the Leader of the KSU NEHU Unit he worked hard to enroll the students. Khasi.
Over the years and past times we all see signs that have misguided the minds of some people who are still lacking in knowledge and understanding which has led to the reason that as the day by day the faith of those who were young grew weaker and weaker.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills Bikram D Marak read out the names of all the policemen who have sacrificed their lives in the service of the country.
Boldness L.Nongum, one of the founders, explained the purpose of the college.
The arrested are Drimon Krishna Goswami, Ganesh Das, Kaushik Bhuyan, Joymoni Sharma, Bijoymoni Sharma, Jnanendra Das, Saurabh Das, Saurabh Sharma, Ripunjoy Goswami, Dwijen Sharma and Rupam. Sharma, and U Nayan Jyoti Goutam.
The road from Mawrah to Warwar is less than 15km long and falls under Sohra constituency.
HANM Women Wing President Bety Jyrwa and General Secretary B Sungoh said that they had scheduled to meet Mukul Sangma from 1 pm today but they did not attend the meeting. Even until 7:30 pm, Mukul Sangma did not meet them until they left the Secretariat empty-handed.
Mawryngkhang shot Mawpator from behind until his head fell to the bottom of the river.
On the other hand, the DC said that during the mid-term elections, there are several polling stations in Syndai.
The Pa Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka, Chanki Langbang in his speech, expressed his gratitude to all the children of the elaka who have received the approval from the Dorbar Briew to the Dorbar Blei. face.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), War Jaintia Circle after a thorough discussion with the DC of West Jaintia Hills on the COVID-19 virus.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the youth of Kur Lamare.
He said that only the BJP party can really preserve, preserve and promote the customs and traditions of the entire nation.
Greater Noida Chief Executive Officer Ravikumar NG has ordered the health department to take measures to clean up the city.
At the same time, he announced that the VPP flag has been removed and the tricolor flag has been raised to show the unity of one nation.
The service will start from the 6th to the 9th of this month.
The winners of the U-18 Girls High Jump were Baiashisha Lyngkhoi of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (1.10 length), Darihun Thongni of Nativity Higher SSM (1.6 length) second and Lyntimerry Wahlang third. from Jakrem Presbyterian High School and Ilawanlag Snaitang from Maharam Government High School (length 1.5).
Meghalaya's Shavian Blah took wickets for 4/51, Angkit for 2/31 while Banialam for 2/3 Bulgarian Sangma won 1/3
Nongstoiñ, Lber 25: The independence of Meghalaya in 1972 was not easy, but it was achieved through the struggle of the people and volunteers led by (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle has demanded that the EM Incharge of Non Tribals, JHADC, Winning Garland Sungoh should not issue trading license to foreigners who trade and work in the fields of coal and mining. This does not affect the income of the citizens of the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: After the visit of BJP President Amit Shah and other Union Ministers in the past few days, the Minister of Tourism, Dr. Mahesh Sharma will visit the This month is coming but the date has not yet been announced.
What surprises me and I don't want to criticize is how our Syiems issue Rangbah Shnong certificates to those who are not the children of thousands and how the raiot of these Himas get the opportunity to register their land in the offices. government and to put a pledge when taking money from banks where even the children of thousands cannot do so according to the customs and traditions ???When it comes to politicians and government authorities we will not It cannot be said that many people have lost faith as it is now.
The nation of Israel was scattered all over the world but managed to maintain its uniqueness through intermarriage.
When the servant brought it to her, she put down the newspaper and put it in her bag.
In the women's category, Kasal Rutuja Parmeshwar of Maharashtra won the third title, Saloni Kirar of Madhya Pradesh won the second title and Nikita Dagar of Madhya Pradesh won the third title. he won the third place.
He said that he recently had a meeting with the Employment Generation Council where he directed them to do their homework to work for the needs especially in bringing suggestions to the government.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has closed down these villages since yesterday.
The song is composed by Meban Syiem, recorded by Evan Phanbuh and studio by Sounds of Shillong.
Deihok Sumer, President of FKJGP-Bataw Unit, urged the police to patrol the areas of the road and to curb the evil intentions of the robbers.
Although the government has amended the Meghalaya Building Bylaws, there is still work to be done.
Nongpoh, March 27: Persara UP School, one of the education institutions in Umsning area, today concluded its Silver Jubilee celebration. Since its inception in 1997, the school has grown to more than 300 students.
The JSM has decided to fully support the North East Students' Organization (NESO) which has called for a curfew tomorrow and urged the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep to join hands in this struggle for the future of the nation.
Sawat Langshiang, Chairman of the Public Meeting Against Dumping Site in Mukjai, said that the meeting was attended by the chiefs of all these six villages and the people of the six villages. village.
The deceased was identified as Rosemery L. Lyngkhoi and Bose Kharbani.
“I have a desire to set an example in looking at the environment through participation in governance where we welcome the opinions and views of the people of the State. for a better future.
They said to the authorities of West Karbi Anglong District that the installation of this tax collection gate by the KAAC has affected the people especially the farmers.
Happy New Year to all the reader, especially Rupang news.
“India, I have reached my destination...you too!” These were the words of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) when Chandrayaan-3 landed on Earth. the Moon on the evening of January 23, 2023.
The people of Mawkhar-Jaïaw, on the other hand, cannot prove that they are indeed the brains of the Khasi-Jaintia people as they used to say.
Speaking at the meeting, Stephanson Mukhim, MLA of the constituency, explained his resignation as MDC after the state government has decided to pass the Bam Ar Maloi Act.
The Seng has expressed its surprise at the decision of the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar to take sides with the IIPH instead of listening to the explanation of the DHS (MI) on the 27th. , On the use of the old NIFT building at Pasteur Hills, Lawmali.
KSU JHDU under the leadership of Samla N.Sutnga Finance Secretary Samla N.Sutnga and Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh Assistant Education Secretary KSU JHDU have tried to to meet the CEM but the Peon of the CEM said that the CEM is still in meeting.
On the other hand, Phrai Pyrtuh has already lodged a complaint with the MLA Wailadmiki Shylla to help her repair the damage to her farm which is less than 1 acre.
In the U-17 girls' category, the girls' team of Iewrynghep Secondary School beat the girls' team of Sati Raja SS (Ribhoi) 2-1
“These changes are unclear in both the OMs and the fact is that there is no exact figure for all the appointments made from 1972 to 2022,” said Bah Thomas.
Dr Vinay was speaking in the Rajya Sabha today.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla has urged the Joint Action Committee (JAC) to suspend its indefinite strike.
And at the same time, we must understand that we are a small nation in front of other nations, different states in India or overseas and therefore we must be very careful of foreigners who They shall not take advantage of the slightest opportunity to undermine the honesty, integrity and dignity of our people and especially to preserve the dignity of our young men and women now and in the future. come also, that it may not be a snare unto our nation.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, today clarified the findings of the KSU on the lack of GI pipes in Umsning Division which have been installed for the Jal Jevan. The Mission said that the shortage of these GI pipes has been detected by the department and has already written to the company to replace them immediately.
Sadly, they left Ganesh Das and went to H Gordon Robert Hospital but there was no doctor there, so they sent them back to Nazareth Hospital. They came from a poor family, had to raise children, and had no job, so they decided to return home as soon as possible.
The strong storm, which was brought along with the cold, has damaged many houses and crops in the fields of Tympew, Bri Soh, Bri Kwai of the residents of these villages.
He also congratulated the leaders of this department to use it for many purposes of the nation.
He hoped that the 25th Anniversary would be a joy and hope to grow.
But why does the government want to implement the Reservation Policy since 1972 through the Roster System? The Roster System is good but the purpose and method of implementation is wrong.
A complaint has been lodged against Wagle by BJP leader Sunil Deodhar for speaking against Modi and Advani. different groups), 500 (defamation) bad 505 (statements conducting to public mischief) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at Vishrambaug police station.
The Bible also speaks against and condemns injustice and deceit that leads to oppression and murder – “They oppress the weak and the powerless, and crush the poor” (Amos 2:7). In Isaiah's day the Bible spoke out against and condemned unjust and unjust laws: “You are cursed! The poor from receiving their rights...That is how you rob the widow and the fatherless” (Isaiah 10:1-2) The Bible that Jesus read and taught speaks against and condemns “...He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at the first...” The Bible that Jesus read and taught provides protection and life. “...where are they? Is there not one left to condemn thee, Lord?...Therefore said Jesus, neither do I condemn thee.
Participants in the event were Brian Wahlang, Rochelle Wahlang, President and Secretary of the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society, Dominic Savio Diengdoh, Daniel Khongsit and Shanbor Khonglah.
She also directed the residents of the state not to refrain from eating these species of fish and also that the fish vendors should temporarily stop selling these species of fish.
The cleanliness drive was held every year to mark the birth anniversary of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi on 2nd March, but this time it falls on Sunday.
The Seng itself will not accept this decision of the Government and at the same time urged the Government to think carefully once again, because those who were allowed to come, did not come only one or two. , but hundreds or thousands of people have come and there are also those who have not taken the opportunity to become head of the State.
The Awareness Program for the spread of Covid 19 was launched with the prayer of thanksgiving to God to bless the residents of Umkiang Village especially the volunteers and the Village Authorities, Seng Youth, VDPs, Volunteers and all the residents of Umkiang.
Another death was identified as Suren Bharali, who was electrocuted at Down Town Hospital, GS Road, the source said.
And they dwelt among the children of Israel at Gibeon, and at Chephirah, and at Beeroth, and at Keriathzearim.
On this occasion, counseling was given by the Counselors on how even the villagers and those from low income families can benefit themselves if they attend these Skill Trainings. from time to time.
After this match, Shillong Lajong FC will now prepare to face Churchill Brothers from Goa on the 6th of this month at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
This blueprint will show how the plan has been prepared to build these multi-storey street houses to accommodate the 342 households who will be relocated from Mawlong Market,” said the source.
845 proposals were received for ISAC 2022 from 80 participating smart cities.
The Lei sentence went down and found the traw that was covered with snow.
Up to T.89 lakh will be spent for all the prizes.
Scientists around the world say there is no cure for the virus covid1
Police have advised the public to pass through Umroi/Diengpasoh instead of Umiam.
During the inspection, besides these community leaders, it was also seen that there were also various village leaders of the area, who expressed their concern about the lack of roads in these villages. which connect from one to another the villages in these border areas with Assam.
According to the Information Act from the State Fisheries Department, in the last three years, the total area of ​​land has reached 1603.80 acres and 1,60,38,000 fish seeds have been sold to farmers.
Before the distribution of medicines, the General Secretary of the Parish, Bah George Nongkynrih, congratulated the Parish Rangbah Sohra for organizing this good deed.
As the winner, although she did not come forward, she thanked God, her mother Fabiola Sohphoh, her husband Bah Paulus Shadap, the Women Organization of Ri-Bhoi District, her friends.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The Shillong Cricket Academy has announced that it will start training for children under 16 years of age but for those under 19 years of age they will be those who have just passed the examination. academy or those who have played at district and state levels.
Samla Lambokstar also paid tribute to the founders, who have faced many difficulties in their service to the nation.
Members of the RSS celebrated the day at Chilliangraij Headquarters in Jowai in the presence of Jowai District Governor Puramon Kynjing, KYKWM President Sein Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu, Oriland Shylla, General Secretary, Dorbar Chnong. Chilliangraij and others who were invited to the meeting along with Aditya Hajong, RSS Incharge Jowai, Nartiang & Mukhla.
The following have been named as attempts to improve the struggle for full authority over the language: College : Sengpule has been named because it is an institution established to study for the purpose of learning. star in any field.
“I will contest against your leader Rahul Gandhi who will contest the election from Hyderabad and not from Wayanad.
However, the government has punished the people by shutting down the internet and closing the roads or curfew from time to time whenever there are protests and protests. The Government has shown that it does not have a real responsibility to bring about peace and stability in the state as a whole.
This action of the Meghalaya government in phase 1 has upset many and Meghalaya has lost more than 18 sq km of land and dozens of villages and Khasi Hills have reached Assam. in phase 1 and forced the Khasi Hills to go to court.
During the meeting, the Langpih area, West Khasi Hills, which has been a hotbed of border disputes since ancient times, was discussed.
The tournament will not be held between the clubs but between the district associations affiliated with the MFA. take part to win the title.
When asked whether he believes that the government's failure is also the failure of the 60 MLAs, Pynshngaiñ said, “Yes, we have failed in all aspects whether in income or governance. as we have seen what has happened now," he said.
Speaking on these incidents, the Chief Secretary said that today there was an incident of a private bus used by the police, a police booth, and a police Gypsy car.
The Office Order for the use of fertilizers will be only in some farmland after seeing the need for crops such as rice, sohsaw, cucumber, phul and others. but in the State.
Now they have ended up with Conrad as the leader of the NPP MLAs and as the Prime Minister.
While visiting the area, the MLA of Jirang also met with the leaders of Raid Marwet, including Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Village Leaders of 9 Mer Baridua. , Killing Area leaders and others, to discuss how to curb the spread of COVID-1
In a statement issued on Friday, the ANVC-B alleged that the GNLA had been informed of the movement of the patrol police. When the police went to Tura and the attackers knew that they were not SOT or SWAT, they were sure to attack.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 16: Agriculture is one of the best ways to improve income especially in the rural areas where the land is still scarce.
The Holy Mass will be offered by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD Bishop of Jowai Diocese in the presence of other priests.
He urged the government and MeECL to address the problem faced by the school children in the area due to the power outage during these hours. fire extinguishers, they should be shifted to other hours that do not affect the learning of students, he added.
The reception was attended by SSSS, FKJGP, TULBA, SASCSA and others.
Like other parties in India, they are the parties of the wicked, the wicked and only the BJP party and its people are angels, righteous and godly.
The leaders of the HNYM Khonshnong Unit are as follows: President: Leoferdinand Suïam, Vice president: Shynrangheiman Passah, General Secretary: Krius Suïam, Asst General Secretary: Kutjingmut Papeng, Finance Secretary: Strongwill Lakiang, Asst Finance Secretary: Marleiki : Skem Passah, Agriculture Secretary: Kamwadathmu Hadem, Publicity Secretary: Bantei Papeng, Sport Secretary: Jerming Papeng, Education Secretary: Embhah Passah with members of the Executive Committee of HNYM Khonshnong Unit.
“It has appeared in the media many times as to why people who are involved in politics have been elected.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 73765 out of which 69425 have recovered and 1278 have died.
Meanwhile, Baghmara MLA Samuel Sangma, accompanied by BJP MLA AL Hek, shortly after the three MLAs submitted their resignation letter, followed suit. He handed over his resignation letter as MLA to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Those who resigned include Lamphrang Blah, Jansing Tynsong and Process T Sawkmie.
Therefore, I say again that the opposition party is very important.
“All this can be witnessed through the schemes that the BJP government has brought to the people like Ujjala, Vishwakarma, PMAY, Atal Pension Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana, Ayushman Bharat, Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, Prime Minister's Health Insurance Scheme and other other.
Explaining the allegation, Bah Majaw said the allegation by Bah Warlarpih that he bought a stolen cow was only an attempt to defame him.
One of the vendors said that 25 pieces of 'wai ksam' costs T.260 tyngka while 100 pieces of 'wai naphang' costs T.850 tyngka.
“Vote for Joe, he's a good man,” she said.
He said that the AITC journalist has been making unfounded accusations against the government and his aim is to mislead the people.
The enactment of the MRSSA is not enough as Meghalaya still needs strict laws such as the Inner Line Permit to restrict the free entry and exit of foreigners.
Shillong: Relatives of a family have alleged that the death of a newborn baby in Lawmali was due to the negligence and negligence of the nurses at Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali-Shillong.
During the programme, the Minister also inaugurated 12 processing units and 3 cold storages across the State which have been implemented under Meghalaya NEXT. by farmers' groups which have been established with the aim of helping to benefit as much as possible from the crops they produce without wasting anything.
The incident was carried out by gangs from the same city and the department is fighting as much as possible to track down and track down the robbers and to rescue the 30 people who were abducted. caught.
In other districts, Deputy Commissioners have been appointed to monitor the situation of the disease and it has been suggested that they may allow 20 percent of non-food shops to reopen.
Police are conducting investigation into the death of Bah Nongbet, said SP East Khasi Hills Bah M Kharkrang.
By 2 pm, more than 1200 voters including men and women had cast their votes and more than 300 voters were still in line.
Besides, we must also renew and revive health care in all the villages in the State.
On this occasion, all the winners who took part in the tournament which started on the 24th of this month were also awarded.
A 65-year-old man from Nagaon district has died at Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
In another statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that at 12 noon, a shop was robbed at Mahadev Khola.
On the part of the Ashram, Babu Manbha Lyngdoh gave a short speech, in which he expressed his gratitude that they have had such an opportunity to come and provide special assistance to the poor families in this village.
All this is public money used from the taxes they pay to the government from time to time – whether it is the purchase of boxes or the purchase of luxury goods.
Three truck drivers have been arrested in connection with this incident and this has caused more chaos on the road after the truck drivers protested.
???‌U Coal :- Coal is underground in your own house, you dig and stock it in your own place.
It can be said, therefore, that the various protests, which have taken place in parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, have destroyed various camps of foreigners, as many of them have returned to their homes. Your villages and this may also be the most important precautionary measure, which has been removed, from this covid – 19, which should be worked harder, if there is a cleanliness and entry and exit in parts of the Khasi Hills.
This is not the first time that the BSF has killed people but it has happened many times.
“We will auction those bad buses and maxi buses to improve those that are still in good condition so that we can continue to serve the people,” said Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs.
Jowai, July 6: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Jaintia Hills through its President, Bah Tuesday Lytep, on Tuesday said that the Federation of Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) is deeply saddened by the delay in the implementation of the FKJGP. Pasyih-Garampani Road, where the union as well as the residents of the area have complained about the deterioration of this road from Phramer to Garampani village which has caused many problems to the residents especially in times of distress. the disease of the paid in the area.
The five pickup boleros were AS 18 AC 0634, ML 13-6828, AS 18 C 3755, AS 25 DC 7385 and AS 18 C they have registered the case.
There are 1366 villages under 58 Revenue Circles in Bajali, Baksa, Barpeta, Biswanath, Bongaigaon, Chirang, Darrang, Dhemaji, Dhubri, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Hojai, Kamrup, Kokrajhar, Lakhimpur and Majuli Nagaon. , Nalbari, Sonitpur and Tamulpur districts have been affected by the floods.
The delegation of responsibilities to the districts has helped in the fight against COVID-1
Shillong Traffic Police: The incident caused a heavy traffic jam in the area.
“What is surprising is that the First Ground which has been under construction since the tenure of President (L) Bah SK Sun has not been completed for many years.
Furthermore, as a leader, he appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi to continue to have a spirit of cooperation from all sides and also as leaders from the elders, youth, civil society to take I hope that with the cooperation of the District we will be able to develop the people and the District in all aspects to achieve the same progress as in other districts in the state and the country as a whole, he added.
“We strongly urge the Government to take action to talk to the Central Government for the reduction of various taxes.
A detailed explanation on the ability to self-examine blood pressure and diabetes was held with the participation of people who have had the opportunity to receive ABHA Cards and Ayushman Health Cards immediately.
The Bihar government has taken this step a few months before the MP elections. Besides, the Cabinet has also agreed to have its own department to support the athletes. There is also an information technology policy to enable the state to attract more investors.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister said that no matter who it is, but once a complaint has been filed, the investigation will have to proceed according to the rules of law and according to the law, what is and according to the rules, what needs to be done, shall be followed.
Therefore, the PLA has sent naval and air patrol troops to inspect and destroy the US warship and at the same time warned the US to withdraw. and the ship was from that part.
This will bring peace of mind and peace of mind and there will be no anxiety about the problems = thoughtlessness = dwelling in this worldly life.
Since then, the company has been able to attract customers especially those from the rural areas.
Nongpoh: Guwahati Police have recovered the body of a woman who was stabbed to death and then stuffed in a plastic bag.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the bus passengers said that since the news came out that the government will increase the fare, they expected it to be implemented.
They have only talked about this Bill and now they are taking advantage of this Bill.
In the past, legislators or leaders like MLAs, MDCs, MPs elected people who were intelligent, intelligent, intelligent, farsighted, clean and righteous.
He said that as an MDC he has not been able to do all these things for the college although he has the will and spirit to help. His scheme for the construction of classrooms.
Formalin can cause cancer in the human body if it enters the body in any way.
However, according to the Indian Divorce Act 1869 of the British Government, if there is a divorce, the law must specify who will take care of the children.
It is therefore necessary for our fellow countrymen to be vigilant and vigilant and not to be misled by this unfounded and unfounded statement by this RSS leader,” said Bah Ardent.
Risingsun Mukhla will play against Saindur Mihmyntdu at 10 pm while Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu will play against Pammanik at 12 noon.
It is indeed a great shame for our people to see on the 25th June, 2021 on the Youtube Channel of Batesi TV where the MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar admitted that the State Meghalaya is a Christian state.
The paid Garo also went to the border.
“If the law is passed, it will bring many benefits to the Khasi, on the Kur, longkur longsem, shimjait, because there are those who change their jait to the French, there are those who shimjait from their father, so the Preamble of this Act. “It is also to regulate the customs through the matrilineal system,” said Bah Bindo.
“Silbi Passah has been a pride for the entire North East,” said Susuki Pariat, President of the Meghalaya BJP Women's Morcha.
The Supreme Court's decision is a memorable one and speaks of the inclusion of all in society.
Today, the Assam Police have allowed vehicles to enter and leave the state and to allow them to operate.
The general secretary of MGNSA said the government had confirmed to set up a drafting committee to include members in the committee but the government has not done so.
The search was conducted in many places under the Cantonment Beat House and surrounding areas, but no one was found.
“We don't want our heritage to be at risk from various diseases, but we need a strong and healthy nation, therefore we will not allow uranium to be mined from the area. WKH and SWKH”, said Donald.
If nature dies, we too will die.
Today's match will be between Khimusniang and Mukhla Raij SC at 2 pm.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has banned all the people from outside Panaliar Shnong from entering the boundary of the Shnong.
In recent days, the Supreme Court has decided to continue to allow the Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe minorities, who are considered to be the minorities, to low income, so that they can continue to receive the benefits of employment, as well as education.
The Village Durbar School is one of the 30 schools in the district which has received this ADB supported school. about the progress of the school how they have been gradually promoted from class 6 to class 12 now in the midst of difficulties in the past 30 years.
The HNLC said the recent march of RSS members in the city and Garo Hills shows that foreign forces are trying to defame the nation.
There is a mistake in saying that the majority of forest revenue is from timber taken to sawmills and so on.
They also said that the demand for certificates for the Garo Rangbah Shnongs is groundless and this is only the intention of the Garo people to challenge and violate the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. know clearly that they have no rights at all.
The PMGSY road, which has been completed, has been temporarily suspended for construction by Meghalaya, but Assam has suspended it only temporarily, but has continued to operate until it has been completed.
According to an earlier announcement by the AICF, the nomination process will be held on the 1st October at 10.45 pm and the eligible candidates will be announced.
Speaking at the meeting, CM Conrad Sangma expressed the importance of fish farming in the state and announced the measures taken by the Meghalaya Farmers' Empowerment Commission for the development of fish farming. ngap in the state.
Mighter Marwein said that the strike will be from Ranikor to Nongjri due to the poor condition of the road in the area. As soon as trucks carrying coal, small vehicles and other vehicles carrying goods pass through this area, they will not be able to pass through this area.
In West Jaintia Hills, 12 cases have been confirmed.
Police have seized these illegal drugs from these buses at 6 pm this morning after these buses collided with the Naka Gate at Byrrnihat Police Station. Outpost in Bhoi.
The match ended 2-1 in the first half led by Mawlai SC. In the second half, Mawlai SC won 2-1 in the second half. At the start of the match, the girls of Maw-U-Tieng played hard and stood firmly in the end of Mawlai with the goal of scoring another goal.
The closing ceremony was attended by H.Staline Diengdoh, MCS, SDO Ranikor Civil Sub Division (retired), Kitborlang Nongrem, Medalsing Lyngdoh, others. Rangbah, office bearers of the Seng Khasi Nonglang, parents, children, young children and more than 350 male and female dancers in full costumes.
Both the tournaments were organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Bah Cheston Freddy in his speech said that he is grateful that the village has honored him and his friends.
He said the Congress will strongly oppose this action of the government, in which it will go to campaign around the area and prepare for the MLA elections 2018 and MP elections in
The site was discovered by those who went to repair the water tank, which flows from a pond in Sialom in 2004 and it is said that it is the pond, where the believers used to bathe themselves. before they went to the temple.
It is such a statement that makes those Dkhars who are Christians feel longtrai for Meghalaya and makes them feel foreign to the indigenous people who have lived here since the time of the Kulong Kumah.
Nongpoh: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday held a special meeting with the aim of strengthening the party in all four constituencies in Ri Bhoi District. UDP President Ri Bhoi and former MLA from Mawhati Constituency.
Under the MLA scheme through the SRWP, T.25 lakh per MLA has been released and this has reached T15 crore.
The meeting opened the door for these military leaders to share their views on countermeasures, strengthening of operations within their respective military units and understanding. Furthermore, during the meeting, the Chief of Army Staff also discussed the progress made in the field of and many of their procedures since the last meeting.
The last message from the leader was that the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, Lyngngam and War should have unity, even if they have their own feelings. whether personally or in the context of a worldwide organization.
Taxis carrying school children in uniform and teachers on duty exam should be exempt after 1st May
Their request is that the Kurs who have the right to elect a Lyngdoh should have the opportunity to find out whether they live outside the Hima by proving through the documents they have. They wanted those who lived outside the kingdom to have the right to elect the Lyngdoh of the kingdom.
“Who gave permission to Abhinav Sureka to illegally quarry stone from a village on the border of Meghalaya, who gave permission to him to quarry stone and transport it to Assam? The Government of Meghalaya and the KHADC have not paid taxes.
Regarding this issue, the Airtel authorities should resolve this issue as soon as possible and take the necessary action.
He said that the Union Ministers used to visit the state and announce schemes from time to time but nothing has happened.
There are only three church groups, the Presbyterian, the Church of Christ and the Church of God (Megh-Assam).
In this constituency, the highest number of voters was at Pomlakrai Polling Station, Umphyrnai and Umphrup-Liewlong.
He said that certificates were awarded to five PACSs from across the country including Maharashtra, Bihar, Jammu Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh.
Similarly, the teams that qualify for the MSL will receive T.1 lakh, while the four teams that qualify for the semi finals will receive T.1 lakh each.
Miami are also hoping to win the title with Messi next season and as part of their preparations, they have traveled to Saudi Arabia for a friendly match, then to Hong Kong. and also to Japan.
Marbaniang today admitted that she won the case against the Council but it was the journalists who misled her and alleged that the Council had done wrong by raiding the shop. Council members came to close the shops.
Those who attended the event included the Assistant Commissioner, Kong F.Wann, teachers and children and others.
A leader must immediately forget about himself as a leader of wealth and pride is one of the greatest problems and dangers for a leader. .
The Rangbah Shnongs of these areas have said that there has been an offer of foodgrains from the Assam government and the MDCs of Karbi Anglong (District Assam) but as the residents of Karbi Anglong (District Assam) Meghalaya has refused to take them from Assam because it is a trap after being forced to smuggle them into Assam.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, regarding the proposal to build a check gate at Athiabari Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
Shillong: There have been 229 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 86 recoveries.
Regarding child marriage and part-time schooling, the increasing number of divorces and the increasing number of children, the village headmen and women here said that such cases do not exist in the village.
Therefore, its involvement in the 2032 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang is now necessary to develop and promote the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, which has already been held in the western part of the country. country in 2018, when players from both sides of Korea played chess under one flag of their country on the opening ceremony and the national team of Korea. Women's Ice Hockey Team.
The wealth of these Ministers is now the wealth of the people of Meghalaya.
“The state has lost hundreds of crores of revenue collection and royalty from the coal trucks and unfortunately the teachers like SSA teachers have not received even the right salary which they have already worked for. The contractual workers because the royalty from the coal instead of going to the state budget goes to the budget of the beneficiaries.
L. The host and manager is Benjamin Lyngdoh.
He also requested the council to take action to return the land belonging to Block I and II as the Khasi people in these villages have expressed their desire to return to Meghalaya.
The issue of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) to be implemented by the Central Government across the country has been a long standing issue and has received criticism from many especially in India. which has many religions, customs, ethnic groups, languages ​​and other differences from dress, food and drink, in which India is also known as one of the countries which is rich because of its presence of different nations.
There are now 13 families living in these houses who have collapsed into the ground and have been evacuated to safer places, the report said. They were evacuated from the area in Chamoli District.
The purpose of this Union is to bring about a spirit of cooperation among the villages within the Mawthadraishan Block in terms of development, peace and order and other needs of the residents.
On the other hand, the HSPDP Jaintia Hills congratulates the Minister for making a promise at the meeting and fulfilling his promise on 16th June 2024 when the government announcement of his appointment was issued. BDO of Lumshnong Block.
The Hyderabad team beat NEROCA 4-0 and Inter Kashi 4-1, but lost 2-1 to Aizawl FC.
Singh said the Congress will soon announce its MRd candidate in due course, but not his name, as he has announced that he will no longer be the MRD candidate this time. which is now.
"“At least, some people are still having sex.
In the Group A match at MFA Turf Shillong, Langsning beat Umrit 9-1
The Leader of Primary School Teachers, expressed his concern that the map of the state has become smaller and smaller than what he used to draw when he was in Class IV or Class V. eiei, the map will get smaller and smaller," he said.
When asked about the reservation policy, Pangniang said he wants 100 percent of the reservation policy to work for the entire Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The winners on Saturday were Friends United, MPFV, Sumer Veterans and Veterans Association.
Samla Pynshngain Kurbah won the silver medal after coming second in the Liang canoe event in 98.31 seconds, while P Singh Rathod of Madhya Pradesh came first after coming second. Gujarat's Anak Chouhan came third in 104.03 seconds.
In the Khasi culture, since the beginning of our ancestors, they have already shaped our human beings since then another form of culture which is more dignified and respectful in terms of human beings. man in his own house, and that is the invitation of love to anyone.
The BJP has also set a target to recruit up to 33 percent of women in all government departments, to set up a women police force to be known as the Phan Nonglait Battalion, the first police force for women. women in the state and to provide motorcycles, two wheelers, scooties to those women students who are doing well in their studies.
TMC leaders including Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, George B Lyngdoh and others on November 8, 2013, left for Nongstoin to attend a public meeting convened by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. by TMC Nongstoin Block.
Leaders of various political parties are currently in New Delhi to talk to leaders of various political parties not to allow the bill to become law in the Rajya Sabha.
The President was also briefed on the operational capabilities of the Indian Air Force (IAF) and said she was pleased with the readiness of the IAF to operate.
The reason is that in this valley there has been a heavy quarrying by heavy forces near this valley.
Anush Garwalla scored 71.088 points, Hriday 69.941 points and Divyakriti 68.176 points.
In fact, if we take the size and area of ​​this area, it should have got not only a Block or Civil Sub-Division but it should have got its own District. In the past and other leaders and rulers, this area has been neglected, despised and left without children until today, there is no sign of development.
However, in the last five years, the MDA government under the leadership of the National People's Party has witnessed progress through the establishment of about 45,000 more SHGs along with the provision of assistance. 500 crore to support their activities.
“We are pleased that there are organizations like the JSM, which have come forward at this time to extend a helping hand to our residents,” said the Secretary of Pamrapaithlu Village, Ma Solomon Dkhar.
However, after investigation at the police station, it was found that there was no such thing and the police have released them without registering any case.
She also directed the state government to submit a reply along with the report submitted in November last year by the Department of Mineral Resources for the purpose of cleaning up the waste from the coal mines. to be given within two weeks.
“The announcement that there will be three ECs is a sign that it will be a weak EC,” said Ronnie.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the full border between Assam and Meghalaya will be completed after the approval of Parliament. discipline.
The demand was to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities but it was brought through the gate to grant full citizenship to foreigners from Bangladesh and elsewhere.
He said that the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah has directed the Chief Ministers of the region including the Chief Minister of Assam to resolve the border disputes with the neighboring states in accordance with the for.
Manipur Pradesh Youth Congress President N. Popilal said the Congress looks forward to winning the 2024 elections. He said that the term of the BJP will end in this election.
If it is true, the question here is why the Treasurer and the Finance Secretary are so busy, just to deposit the money in the bank can not? In the city church, people just Feel free to become a leader or hold high positions.
However, besides violating the customs and traditions of the Jaintia people and the rules and regulations of the JHADC regarding the appointment of Rangbah Shnong, the Nepali has also violated the government rules and regulations by the PRC is your people.
Thus, bloodshed was avoided.
The scheme has been allocated at a cost of T.5.92 crore from the MNP scheme to distribute water to the villages of Marboh, Nonglum, Nongrah, Nongpdeng and Pohtoi with a total of 12021 residents.
Finely Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) who is also the son of Late Chatister Kharkongor was the chief guest to witness the tournament. Secretary Ma Lammat OO Laloo and others along with the crowd who filled the square.
“We have not heard from the Executive Committee (EC) on the measures to be taken to bring peace and stability to the people in these border areas,” said James Sylliang, MDC from Mawhati constituency. and several journalists today.
The question is, where are the security forces in East Jaintia Hills? Why are these 58 foreigners able to leave Jaintia to Byrni without any problems?
What the state government can do is to talk to the NTA authorities to ensure that the students are safer in finding rooms to write examinations and to ensure that there will be no financial shortage. on the part of the children.
And when you come from the toilet, wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water and do the same after helping your younger siblings after they have gone to the toilet, so that the germs don't get to be in your hands.
“He said that he is disappointed because the MDA government led by the NPP has started serving the people of the state since 2018 until now, the people have seen how the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has done. Sangma, you work.
This discussion covers the Khasi words used in the news, such as the meaning of kaw-kaw and kynwit and the translation of the news into English.
Meanwhile, the President of the ST Morcha, Thomas Marak, launched the 'Vocal for Local' programme, which is part of the Gaon Chalo Abhiyan. They are located in different states of Meghalaya.
Hame Shaniah Suiam won the gold medal in the Senior Men Point Fighting -57 kg and the silver medal in the Senior Men Point Fighting - 63 kg.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that they and the people are not willing to listen, so they demanded from the government and the MLA to explain why the road has been built since the beginning. but as you go farther away, you become smaller.
The AITWPF includes many traditional wrestling styles that differ from country to country, such as Alysh (Belt Wrestling) – Qazakh Kuresi – Pankration Athlima – Pankration- Palesmata – Polydamus- Khapsagai – Mas Wrestling.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the ration for the month of July,
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by its President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has recently decided to submit to the State Election Committee (SEC) of the party to consider the proposal. regarding the decision on the candidates to contest from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
The appointment of Rohit Prasad, Research Fellow of the University, is T.75,040/- without payment of travel expenses. The appointment has been approved by the Executive Council. authorizes the VC to appoint a consultant.
The expenditure for the construction of resorts and tourist attractions will amount to about T.5 to T.10 crore each which will be built in different villages,” he said.
The scheme will cost T.5 lakh insurance, in which all citizens of Meghalaya, except employees of the Government of India and State Government employees, will be able to register.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the OTT platform has a vision, in which it has a vision for the youth of the state who are interested in mass media. such as the production of films and music videos so that they can produce them and earn money from this platform.
Bah PN Syiem, MDC Mawsynram was the chief guest at the closing ceremony in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong.
Conrad Sangma in front of the AR.
The rejection of Jesus by the Jews is the greatest loss for them for more than 2000 years now.
All this happened after the MCA management decided not to select players from abroad for the first time but to rely on local players.
Thus, the writer said: “Therefore, you who make laws and who break laws, like you, a tree can be planted around you.
“These matches are very important for us to lead the team to a position where we can play well in the AFC U-17 Asian Cup.
Shillong, Iaiong 15: “In this tragic incident, I was surprised to hear the voice of the neighbors who live near our school that instead of coming to help us to remove the tar, they stood up. I heard them shouting loudly to demolish the roof of the high school and they said that a road should be built for vehicles. St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, Patrick A Thorose, owner of St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, said:
He said that the revision of the State Reservation Policy will not help in addressing the unemployment problem.
In this regard, the SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah GD Kharwanlang, said that the police are conducting a thorough search operation in the area to find the suspect. Regarding the abduction and shooting of residents of Dymmut village, the SP said that the police have yet to confirm whether it is true or not. However, according to a source received by this reporter, on Friday, about 6 residents of the village were killed. The six villagers were abducted and shot dead by the GNLA suspects, and after the shooting, the GNLA suspects released them on the same day and on the same day. One of the six persons was seriously injured while the others sustained minor injuries.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, today said that the state government has decided to extend the curfew. that is until 30th June 2020.
After these three former leaders, is Bah HS Shylla, who when he speaks or gives news, his speeches, or headlines, which he speaks, they stir and make them happy. readers, that they may read these news.
Other measures taken to prevent the spread of the disease include the prosecution of those involved in illegal activities at night. 110 of the Meghalaya Police Act and the NDPS Act.
Therefore, in order to preserve these wildlife and birds so that they can grow and live freely in this forest, the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns the people whether they are the owners or not. “It is not allowed for foreigners to come and hunt animals and shoot meat within the boundary of the Forest of Wapungskur Village,” said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur Village. Wapungschool.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the song and song competition.
There are 17 students from Meghalaya including 11 boys and 6 girls at IFCAI University.
Elbrenroy Mawthoh top scored with 27 runs from 35 balls, Banshanlang Nongdhar with 25 runs from 21 balls, Miquel Obando Nongbri with 25 runs off 21 balls. Daryll Donald Nongbri took 3 wickets in 4 overs for 26 runs.
Shillong, July 27: Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War has urged the KHADC to introduce strict rules to prevent the sale of Raid land to the government for the construction of the new township. (NST).
According to legend, it was after Bormanik that the Shillong Hima was divided into two Himas (Mylliem and Khyrim) and the first Syiem of the Khyrim Hima was Sing Manik.
In this match, Umrit's goal was shaken from the opposite side and Langsning's goals were scored by Dauruhipaia Pale in the 3rd minute. 45, Arnesius Marwein in the 5th minute, Kordor Dkhar in the 12th and 42nd minutes and Kynsaibor Lhuid in the 24th minute.
According to one candidate, the scheme is already in place and the policy is the foundation to be built.
Recently, the FKJGP has led a march on the unemployment of the youth.
These power lines use cutting edge technologies such as 800 KV HVDC and pass through some of the most difficult to reach areas, including the Srinagar Leh line at an altitude of 15000/16000 feet above sea level.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Voice of the People (VPP) has expressed its surprise and sadness to learn that the GAD(A) department of the Government of Meghalaya has handed over the ground floor of the Commercial Complex at Meghalaya House. Russell Street Kolkata to a private company known as MS/Rocky Dhar, Umkdait Nongmensong, Shillong to operate from the ground floor of the Meghalaya House.
After the construction of several Government offices and residences besides the Circuit House and Police Station (the first in Northeast India), the Central Government sent its government officials to patrol. The Khasi-Jaintia Hills to investigate the nature of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and what is in them, especially to know the people who live in them, their way of life, customs and traditions, food and drink. drinking, and their lifestyle and activity.
“Foreigners are not afraid of the police, they are not afraid of the Chief Minister, they are not afraid of your MLA or the District Council but they are afraid only of the KSU. KSU members are not like those goods sold on the streets that have a price tag, KSU members don't have a price tag but a price tag. “We have only the blood of the nation and the physical and mental labor even to sacrifice our lives for the sake of the country and the nation,” he said. to Donald Thabah general secretary central body.
He added that in the first month of November, the UDP party will release the names of the candidates who have been confirmed to get tickets from the party. He said that all the MLAs and MDCs from the UDP party have been confirmed as candidates for the upcoming elections.
She said that she was first elected as the President of the Mahila Block Ranikor, then she was elected as the District President of West Khasi Hills and was promoted to the post of General Secretary. of the State Mahila, it was while she was holding the post that she left the Congress party.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong in an interview with the media said that there are 40-50 land owners who do not want to give up the land. for the construction of Shillong-Dawki road.
According to the RTI received by these youths, it was found that the government has allocated many development works in Kyrdem village and they include an Approach Road from Kyrdem to Bankoit which has allocated T.6.80 lakh. under MGNREGA, one from Kyrdem to Lumlaphing, which has received the same allocation of T.6.80 lakh under MGNREGA, another on the CC Motorable Road from Kyrdem to Lum Tower which has received an allocation of T.6.80 lakh under MGNREGA. T.15 lakh and another for the construction of the Durbar Hall T.2 lakh, bringing the total to T.27 lakh.
SK Sun, MLA of the area, said that the PHC is very old, but the PHC does not have an ambulance to transport patients to Shillong or to transport patients from there. village and surrounding areas to Nongspung.
Up to 64 villages in Upper Assam, Dibrugarh have been affected by the severe cold weather. even trees and electricity posts and cut off electricity in many parts of Dibrugarh.
JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that tomorrow's meeting with the Prime Minister will be held after the Director of DSEL has sent a report to the government on the government's plan to take over the posts of school teachers. all in this state among others.
Ma Lakhon Biam said the Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat has already launched an inquiry into the allegation of illegal appointment of 56 council employees, but no report has been released yet. since January 2019.
Laitlum Tourist Attraction has been repaired by JCB. When they went back to show the owner, they collided with plastic vehicles on the Shillong-Jowai road.
Forty-six persons have been sentenced to life imprisonment in Madhya Pradesh, followed by 35 in Maharashtra and 32 in Uttar Pradesh. Mishra said in reply to a question by Bharat Rashtra Samithi MLA Niranjan Reddy.
Once again we need leaders who have power and not robbers who become merely 'ñiangkohnguh and government officials.
Tickets can be obtained from the Electronic Centre, Police Bazaar, Cafe Shillong, Laitumkhrah and SSA Ticket Counter.
The Supreme Court on 13th June 2019 issued an order to evict 10 lakh tribals living in forest areas in 16 states.
Firmino will be one of the most likely players to sign for the Saudi club this season, and will join Senegal goalkeeper Edouard Mendy, who left Chelsea earlier this month. who was not able to join the Al-Ahli club.
To what extent do we limit our faith in this regard?There are so many definitions of faith and it is impossible to discuss them all here.
Shillong, November 06: College teachers who have received assistance from the State Government on Tuesday congratulated the Meghalaya High Court for its decision to quash the order ban ban teachers from participating in the kingdom.
Whether it is by sending money to farmers, youth, Self Help Groups, or distributing livestock, all these are the activities to increase the income of farmers in the state.
So the doctor examined and said, “You, you feel like you have a baby.
“Government, you are the one who created the trouble.
He was dismissed by Gulgul Sangma (2/16 in 7.5 overs), which led Ben Haden to be named the player who scored the runs for the team.
Speaking to reporters, one of the leaders of the Seng Kur Thangkhiew Lai Kpoh, Bah Livingstone Thangkhiew, who has been holding the post of Basan Nongkseh, said that the KHADC has withdrawn the recognition of the Seng Kur. Two persons who are the leaders of the Seng Kur, Bah Asirshon Thangkhiew and Bah EL Thangkhiew.
Henry Stanly Rozario is the current coach of Aizawl who has been awarded the AFC Pro license.
On the other hand, the CoMSO requests all the indigenous people of Meghalaya from the Sengbhalang, Dorbar Trai Ri, Riewrangbah, Longkmie, Fathers, Youth and all to come and participate. to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
I don't know how famous I am but I have this party which will have its own judgment and I don't have anything against the judgment of this party,” said Hek.
The Meghalaya government has strongly condemned the incident and the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the Assam police and the Assam Forest Guards have forcibly entered the border, the territory of Meghalaya and They are the ones who started the war, and they are the ones who shot without cause.
The KSU has convened this meeting to discuss the problems faced by parents, teachers and students especially in the rural areas.
Shillong: Langsning FC have played their 40th match of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 at the Third Ground Polo today. Shaibor Nongrum headed in the 81st minute to end the game 1-0
Arkhangel Khongtyngkut scored the first goal for VP FC.
Introducing these three laws, Shah said that until now, the country has to follow the rules of laws made by the British Government during its rule.
Our silence will cause problems to our children in the future.
Earlier, the Secretary of Synroplang, Bah Juda Wahlang, said that the government has awarded Synroplang through a Public Private Partnership (PPP) to operate the four and maxi buses. income and government halfway.
Then Christianity will become the largest religion in the world.
“When asked whether the BJP is ready to cooperate with the TMC or Congress to form a government, Hek said the door of the BJP is open immediately and will cooperate with any party. which wants to work with the BJP to make Meghalaya a prosperous and prosperous Meghalaya.
In these days, it has been seen in the newspapers that many villages in the rural areas have been cheated and defrauded by dealers, they have been counted for ration, they have been increased for ration, they have been sent to pay money. and even the rice provided by the Government of India is paid for.
Therefore, it will be very difficult to resolve the boundary in the Langpih sector.
“An agreement has been signed between Assam and Mizoram to resolve the border between the two states,” said Atul Bora, Minister of State for Assam, who was one of the members of the talks. in Mizoram, he spoke to the newspaper.
Various civil society organizations like TUR, CSWO, KSU, FKJGP, GSU, AJYWO as well as others and private individuals attended the celebration which was held at the Additional Secretariat. “We are celebrating the 10th anniversary of RTI in this state and we feel that RTI is the way in which the poor and oppressed can “We have been able to fight and get our rights,” said the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Daniel Khryiem.
The issues that the leader of Chokpot has a vision for are the lack of good roads, the destruction of schools, the lack of health facilities. , but the former and current leaders have not been able to do anything about it.
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen said there was no such doubt or division within the Congress party regarding their decision after there were several parties that She said that the party will continue to support Bah Charles Pyngrope as the new President of the MPCC. She said that there are no questions and no differences within the party. They have already spoken in one voice about their decision and these reports that the Congress is in the middle of a misunderstanding, is just an explanation. fault of the ruling parties.
It can be said that he was a man of honor and fidelity to principle.
However, when inquired about this, the party leaders said that until now there has been no discussion on the issue of nominating Bah George as a candidate.
These days, it is no longer the old days when only graduates are employed and in the meantime they have to train employees and face many difficulties.
The new cases include 69 from East Khasi Hills, 41 from West Garo Hills, 13 from Ri Bhoi, 10 from South West Garo Hills, 2 from North Garo Hills, 5 from South West Khasi Hills, 7 from West Jaintia Hills. 2, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, South Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
“There has been violence and hatred in all parts of the country.
The MDA's decision to hand over to the Core Committee to elect the Lamphang could be a stumbling block for the UDP which has acknowledged that the post of Lamphang should go to it.
Like the symbols of words and phrases hide different meanings such as words have laws, promises, righteousness and peace.
It is necessary for the government to take this issue seriously by working with local authorities, NGOs and especially with organizations interested in environmental work.
So all these have been tried to be expressed in these buckets or food containers, and these have been given color and this is through the love of KF. of Darjeeling and the trains, from the beautiful bridge of Kolkata to the planting of the kait in Coimbatore, each of these beautiful trains is very different.
Donations were also distributed to Ri Khasi Channel for the Christmas Makeover, Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School and Holy Cross Hospital Mairang.
This political issue of many is not right, because this issue is for the sake of the nation”.
The construction of this project has just started and there is no expenditure of funds.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to set up a Directorate of Dairy Development to promote cow milk production in the State.
Jowai, July 01: The Jowai Shillong Alto Tourist Association (JSATA) has warned the public against the increase in fares from Jowai-Shillong, Shillong-Jowai which has caused problems to passengers.
We also hope that the voting will be smooth and free from any disruption.
The state government has spent T.100 crore from itself and is still waiting to get another T.150 crore to implement the project in 2022,” he said.
All those who attended this chekup received medicines.
However, the village has about 27 graduates.
It was also explained that the most important thing is that the students should be minute to succeed in their studies.
He said that the NYA should take action on all these issues.
Furthermore, they urged the other students of the College to work hard and to cooperate with the teachers.
According to sources, the girl was robbed from her house by a robber named Poransadgoura Basumatary, who tried to rob her in a vehicle that was not parked by the police. His two friends, Sohen Goyari and Vijay Mosahari.
TDCA’s batters were never really allowed by SCA to get comfortable at the crease, that is except for Tura captain Harshit Prasad, who hit a fine 71 not out off 55 deliveries.
This place has become more and more a prominent place where the influx of people in this place is now twice as much as before.
They were identified as Ankit Das, Nandan Singh Bisht, Latif also known as Kale, Satyam Tripathi also known as Satya Prakash Tripathi, Shekhar Bharti and others who were released on bail. Ashish Pandey, Rinku Rana and Sumit Jaiswal.
If you accept that the good deeds of the French are the works and deeds of your Christians, don't accept that the evil deeds of the French are the deeds and deeds of the French. that christians.
The ancient Khasi gave their jait to their father like other people in the world.
Revelation 20:1
All those who arrived today will have to undergo home quarantine.
He said it is time for the national parties that support the state government to leave the NPP-led government because they will have to talk to the people to find out the truth. 5 years.
On this occasion, the farmers were also taught how to cultivate 'Krai'
He said that the BJP workers have worked hard to achieve the goal of Meghalaya.
“We also have a feeling, we are working hard to be able to get rid of this.
The reason for the closure of these banks is because many banks in the Nongpoh area have opened and have not respected this special day known as Pomblang or Shad Nongkrem, and On this occasion, the union has ordered the immediate closure of banks and urged them to give holidays especially to the indigenous people.
After the meeting, Bah PB Makdoh, former President of Nongpoh Circle and Bah Diomos Syiem, former President of Umsning Circle, said that the reason why they have to take the The FKJGP Sengkmie has suddenly removed the former leaders under the leadership of Bah Eddie G.Kharbani as President without holding a meeting. to inform the various Circles and Units.
Shillong, July 3: The Income Tax Department has received information through the theft of the names of wealthy businessmen from the state or the Panama Paper, and the department has raided the residences of these wealthy businessmen. The house of one of the richest men in the country is the house of the brother of Vincent Pala-MP Shillong who was identified as Philip Pala.
Two militants have escaped from jail in Arunachal Pradesh by killing a security guard on duty.
The Ladthalaboh Dorbar Pyllun will also cooperate with the curfew.
The cost of paying the salaries of these employees is about T.11 to T.12 thousand per month and it was also seen that the salaries of the Muster Roll were collected by the Section Assistant. “This money was paid by me” and it is clear that the Sectional Assistant, HK Nongsteng, took the money from the office. and that he shall pay the inheritance to these employees who are under his control.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “I have almost finished the meeting with all my supporters. I will finish it in a month and after that I will take a decision.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, said that the state government has prepared the land for the land vendors but if they don't work, it is not the fault of the government. they.
Ma Passah also suggested that the districts of the state should have their own Schools of Creative and Performing Arts where the youth can receive training and training in singing, dancing, music, drama and film, painting, sculpture and other trainings in the field of Creative and Performing Arts.
After a thorough discussion on this issue, it is pleasing to urge and request the residents to be disciplined in the language and to urge their youngsters to avoid them. It is not wrong to be a member of any political party.
He also spoke about the special role of caregivers or visitors in supporting children's play by providing a safe playground, providing them with comfortable equipment. to acquire, and try to make children able to play independently and to make them useful of their intellectual skills.
When asked whether he has any hope of winning from the 18-West Shillong Constituency, Ernest Mawrie said he is happy. you have hope and you feel good.
We have many issues ahead of us as a nation, but if this idea does not take root in our minds it means that we are far from understanding the most important basis for the development of the country and the nation.
Speaking at the meeting at Krang, Conrad, who is also the Chief Minister of the state, said that there are political parties who continue from day to day to criticize the government. party.
She said that as the party has done well in Himalchal Pradesh, the party hopes to do well in the state even though it does not have the resources to contest elections like the BJP to spend on advertisements and holding large rallies.
The National Level MTB Tawang Cycling Competition is being organized by the Arunachal Pradesh Cycling Association in collaboration with the Cycling Federation of India from 18th to 19th November,
Regarding the destruction of rice by the natural forces, the HYC Ningklung urges the Government to expedite the assistance to the farmers so that they can benefit later. that they may suffer the calamity of evil.
They said that the holiness of Sunday cannot be compared with other days, which they based on the writings of the Holy Scriptures or the Word of God.
The commission has announced that the District Prison and Correctional Home, Jowai, has too many inmates compared to the capacity of only 120 inmates.
And Pharaoh's heart was hardened.
Shillong: Umthli Village in Langpih Sector of West Khasi Hills District has decided to join Meghalaya as it has been in the past.
The NCM's resolution came into force immediately after the end of the meeting.
Aplang Buam of Nangkiew scored the first goal in the 6th minute and Hiamdorlang Mairom scored the second goal in the 19th minute.
The union demands that they should immediately apologize in front of the electronic and print media, and immediately clarify their allegation that the Marams are foreigners.
The JSU said that it will continue to crack down on foreigners and has already informed the JHADC on this issue to crack down on foreigners who come to work and do various business activities without permits. not enough.
The suspect had left Kalain with the intention of going to Guwahati, said Jagpal Singh.
In 1976, when the Trust had terminated the work of its General Sports Committee, it decided to accept the proposal of the SSA to lease the 1st Ground. SSA. According to the Lease Agreement signed by both parties, SRGT has leased the 1st Ground to SSA for 30 (forty) years from
The President of the Union, Arminius Lypon, said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss development projects and other issues related to the welfare of the villages and the community.
Tamang, who started the ball first, took the wicket of the rangtied and bowled 18.2 overs.
He also alleged that the suspension was stolen by a few people from the Congress party.
The reason is that Meghalaya is not the perfect place for agriculture, as only 15 percent of the land can be used for planting crops.
Paul and his colleagues in the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) said that the Employment Act is too biased against the Garo people, and it is necessary to amend it so that the Khasi people can benefit from the law. -Pnar can benefit.
The SSA program was launched by the Government of India in 2001-02 for the purpose of spreading literacy across the country.
Ma Swer said that coal mining has been allowed after obtaining a mining permit from the state government, where the DC will be the Mine Inspector.
There are 424 recoveries and 4 deaths.
Jowai, June 22 : U MLA of Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday inaugurated one of the training centers for 25 youths who wish to be trained at the North East Institute of Professional Studies at the University of Jowai.
The final match of the Womens League this season will be an interesting and valuable match as Mawlai SC and Laitkor Rngi SC are also the teams that played in the final last season. the first year of the competition.
“However, yesterday we heard that she has joined the NPP although she has not yet told us why she has joined the party,” said the Mylliem MDC.
It is a tragic incident, in which a man and two of his relatives, were tied to a tree and shot dead, on Tuesday. it was just because he was in love with a woman, who was married.
Langpih Village didn't appear in the District Council at that time, why? He will come in this election and say, "I said so and so" - just saying is not enough - he should be supported by them. Therefore, you should not just say that, as if to say, "The word is enough, it is not enough"
He is Eleazer Christopher Dkhar who died in Mowkaiaw.
Everist reportedly called his employer on 28th June 2019 and police arrested him on 29th June 2019, the next day, but that night, he He escaped and it was only today that the police arrested him.
In addition, there are trains that carry goods and passengers.
Certificates were also distributed to the graduates of various fields at ITI Rynjah.
Shillong: There has been a severe road accident on the Mawsmai-Shella road.
If I start from now on, it's like I'm hurting myself," he added.
For example, the construction of the Legislative Assembly which has been under construction since 2001 but has not progressed for nearly 20 years.
Dajied Wanshnong scored the first goal for Meghalaya from the penalty spot.
In the same way, God speaks of the rain as a difficult time.
The Selsella Sports Association (SMA) has continued its unbeaten journey in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 after beating 8-3 Atong Matgrik won the Group D match at the Chandmari Ground in Tura today.
The Sun Feast Cup will be held in the U-13 and U-16 categories for Men and Under 16 for Women. and 17th November at Lyntijam LP School, Mawtnum, Ri-Bhoi.
The exchange could take place in a year and a half, or two and a half years.
[from another reporter] U Bah SK Sun, Chief Engineer of Public Health Engineering (PHE), has announced at a public meeting today at Mawphlang that he will contest the MLA election for ten years.
The residents are wondering how to resolve the boundary between Khanduli and Psiar villages in Meghalaya.
They were arrested after a complaint was lodged at Kharkutta police station on 24th June.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (HSPDP) today unanimously approved the decision of the MDCs of the United Democratic Alliance (HSPDP) to elect Bah Titustarwell Chyne as CEM. Speaking to reporters, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the HSPDP MDC has said that he will not support Titostrawell Chyne if he is elected. Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Tongkhar said that the CEM is no longer available after talks between the MDA and all the MDCs in the UDA. The same decision was taken by all the MDCs in the KHADC, but now that they have elected Bah Titostarwell, they too have agreed to that decision.
In the Super Division Football Tournament, the match ended in a 1-1 draw between 7 Wasa United and Khimusniang.
It was a shame to see and hear that every day there are news that the Drama has started in KHADC.
The BJP's forced introduction of Article 35 (a), Article 370, the abolition of Jammu and Kashmir and its recognition as a Union Territory, the BJP's refusal to introduce the Citizenship Amendment bill, the Uniform Civil Code (the Act that India shall abolish all the various customs but there shall be only one law on the customs and traditions from marriage, race, inheritance, land, the Forest Amendment Act, the Land Act, the Anti Conversion Law, the ban on cow ownership throughout the country, the secular conversion, the forced Hindi speaking law. The MMDR Act, the Forest Conservation Act and others are threatening the state itself. whole.
US President Joe Biden has warned Israel to be prepared for any attack by Iran at such an unannounced time. Israel's attack on Syria will soon end.
“The budget for the Arts and Culture Department is only T.30,000 per MDC. It is in fact a very important department for the preservation of the culture and traditions of the people,” he said. I'm sorry.
These goods have also been handed over to the Custom Department for further investigation.
Therefore, citizens of different religions or beliefs have to follow the laws of those groups or churches regarding marriage, divorce, inheritance and others.
When he joined the police force, he visited many places like in Garo Hills when the GNLA was still strong. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyndap Muksor said that after he left. He wanted to set up a training center to prevent unemployed youth from becoming addicted to alcohol.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Controller of Examinations of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) Tura, Bah TR Laloo in a statement sent to the media, today announced that the results of the HSSLC Examinations, 2023 (Science) , Commerce & Vocational) Streams conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) Tura will be announced on the 9th June, 2023 during working hours.
Sunil Chettri will lead the team as captain coached by Ignor Stimac. under 23 years old including three senior players.
For the Under 14 category, the prize money will be 3000 tyngka for the first place, 2000 tyngka for the second place and 1000 tyngka for the third place.
The cost of the incident has been estimated at T.5 lakh.
When asked whether these sohs are harmful to eat, the DHO of Horticulture said that there is no harm to eat these sohs.
Remember that the Sadducee priests were the leaders of the Sanhedrin, the highest court of the Jews.
Therefore, the publication of one's brothers and sisters in English or Hindi newspapers is not good.
J.J LyngkhoiKA KTIEN MAITPHANG:Cleanliness is no longer a new issue or has never happened before.
Police said that they have arrested these two persons after they returned to their homes after many months of hiding from the police.
Speaking on the occasion, Methodius Dkhar said that he does not contest elections for the sake of making money or for personal gain.
The incident happened at Iawmusiang Nongbah where the houses of PDF supporters were stoned by unidentified persons.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri today said that the government has spent more than T.22 crore for the Meghalaya Games 2024 to be held in Tura, West Garo Hills.
Earlier, the Steering Committee had sent a letter to give time and translate it into Khasi.
On the other hand, the DMHO promised to take action to provide for the needs of the hospital.
After the police detonated the bomb, which did not explode, a shootout broke out between the police and the GNLA. a market, which was nearby, for the purpose of demanding money, from one of the richest coal merchants.
“All the Himas and Sirdarships should have their own laws, the job of the District Council should be to recognize and implement their laws and that is the VAB,” said Bah Shylla. and journalists.
The demand for border settlement, we stand on the basis of peace, not on the path of bloodshed, but if there is a beginning and a show of force, we don't think it will end in silence. ong this organization.
They say that if you don't have money, you don't have to contest elections.
Thus, just as trees provide shelter and home for birds, without trees they are dry and quiet, birds fly around all day but at sunset they return to their homes. they skum in the tree.
Noting that this will be the best way to ensure that the distribution of drinking water to the people will be clean and safe, the Minister said, “At present the distribution of drinking water is done by the Municipal. Therefore, if the distribution of water is provided through the PHE department, it will be more efficient.
There was a shortage of electricity in the state at that time due to the lack of rainfall and the water level in the Umiam Dam had dropped and made it difficult to produce more electricity.
I would like to urge the Hima, Raid, Shnong, Seng Bhalang and the people who are concerned about this issue to stand together and not allow the Government authorities to introduce Railways to the this is Thain, and lei-lei.
The Mizoram Zirlai Pawl (MZP), the leading party in Mizoram, today said that it will not build a rest area in the area, where Assam plans to build a church. Muslim in Zophai.
The government ministers' threat came after the teachers had to take to the streets to demand that the government should take over the post of teachers in the state. something even after the teachers have been on strike for several days.
“The Congress Party has split, in the past the Congress was the strongest opposition party in the state, it used to have a strong alliance with the NPP in the House, but with the split “The collapse of the Congress has weakened the opposition and it has become weaker with the departure from the Congress and joining the TMC where many MLAs have joined other parties,” he said.
“The claim of the CDPO that it was a typing error is unacceptable and this violates the rights.
“If they enter through the PHCs, even if they have to spend money, the aPHC will continue to provide treatment to them,” said LL Sawian. If you send them to other places of treatment, the PHC will be responsible for the cost of treatment.
From the brothers, sons, grandchildren and wife of (Late) Greensly Shadap.
He said that there are about 250 villages which have not yet received electricity due to the deterioration of the transformers and the department is trying to repair them.
“Still some youths are associated with some insurgency groups.
The most popular soh in Ri Bhoi during this rainy season especially in these months is Sohtrun.
Shillong: There have been 48 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 47 cases from East Khasi Hills and 39 cases from civilians.
The order from the DC's office states that citizens who are 60 years of age and above should carry their ID to prove their age when they leave their homes to go to work.
Gratitude fills our hearts for the comfort and consolation we have received from our relatives, the Nongpluh and Tariang clans, our friends and relatives whom we can no longer afford. ban jer name i wei pa i wei.
Below are some of the amazing benefits we get from umsohjew which gives health to the body.
According to the legend, this mawbah was one of the ancient kings who conquered almost all the maws in those areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: In another incident, police said that on the 1st of this month, unidentified robbers shot dead a man named Estone Roy Kharbuli, 59 years old. The incident happened at Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong and the robbers fled the scene.
For example, in this edition of the current MCA team, the players of Meghalaya have had the opportunity to play freely in special grounds. There is a full gym for the children, then the swimming pools and most importantly, the opportunity to play against the children from other cricket teams. belongs to the national sports federations.
He said that when a person dies in a house under the jurisdiction of one of the 11 sordars, only those households under the jurisdiction of that sordar have to come out, not the village. “We are really embarrassed," he said.
As we have seen in recent days, there has been a kilo cut in other parts of the state under this scheme and as we have seen, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills district The government has ordered the wholesalers or dealers through a notice on 29th April 2020 not to cut kilos and also to pay the fare to transport these goods. The villages have been allocated funds through the government as they usually do from time to time so there is no need to send money from the budget of the people.
About 12 places involved with the MLA in the state have been searched as part of the investigation against him under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). , the source reported.
The total cost of the construction of the road until it is painted is.
“I don't want to be a Dkhar,” said the mother in a louder voice.
It is to be recalled that the residents of Mawhati area from Umnsing to Umsiang in the past years have had to face difficulties in traveling due to the poor condition of the road. The government has allocated billions of rupees to clean up the area from Umsning to Sohnidan. The villages in the area have been blessed with the road. The government has postponed the road from Sohnidan to Umsiang as the residents are still facing the same problem in coming and going due to the lack of cleaning of the remaining part of the road.
At the same time, Tiwari said there has been no directive from the central government or the Election Commission on the rearrangement of constituencies.
Shillong, July 28: The Martin Luther Christian University has awarded certificates to 13 Burmese students who have been studying at MLCU since
Other winners were Bismo Sumer in the men's U-17 3000 metres, Ritina Hanse in the women's long jump, Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin in the women's 3000 metres. Dateibankynmaw Marwein won the U-17 3000 metres, Dateibankynmaw Marwein won the women's 5000 metres, Michael Ramsiej (17 Under 5000 m), Fridaybirth B Marak (17 years old) Clara Jones J Kharbhih (17 years and above 200 metres), Glorify Kurbah (women 17 years and above 800m), Primus Ronghi (17 years and above men) in the U-17 high. jump), Anushka Majhong (women's U-17 high jump) and Riclass Taro (men's 17 years and above high jump).
This revival began at Oxford University under the leadership of Morgan, John Wesley and others.
In the first half, Lajong had more chances to score, but couldn't turn the tide and Pune also tried to score, but couldn't. shym was found at all.
“This is very bad about what happened to my husband and other Christians,” Durasth Bhagel, Pastor Bhagel's wife, told the ICC. not too much," she added.
The total GST tax for the preparation of cemeteries is 12 percent, while now it has reached 18 percent.
The army used to harass the residents and we have demanded from the State Government to set up an HLC to investigate and resolve the issue,” said Bah Pyniaid after meeting with Bah Prestone.
Jugde directed the Joint and Deputy Director of Medical Services and the Superintendent of the Government Hospital at Krishnagiri to provide adequate treatment to these children.
“If we don't have proper documents, why should we stand against but because we have proper documents on this land, that's why we will stand against to demand our rights,” said Lyngdoh. .
He also spoke about Swamiji's contribution to the world.
Other AAP leaders who attended the meeting included Peter Dohkrut from the Legal Cell, Dedrit Binong and Philip Kharsati.
“He said that there are still many offices in South West Khasi Hills District and as the new Minister he will ensure that all the government offices that should be in South West Khasi Hills District should be open. One of the highways from Mawngap will pass through Mawkyrwat and reach Ranikor.
He said the incident happened at 12 noon.
Ma Shallam said that from now on, the Seinraij Jowai will not allow anyone to criticize the Niamtre Niamtynrai because many times people from other religions have criticized against it which has caused grief to the believers. Traditionally Between.
The next match for Meghalaya will be against Manipur on 31st October.
Because of this delay, the parents and students have asked for clarification from the authorities, as this could affect the future of their children to continue their studies. or get into college.
James Sangma also congratulated the East Jaintia District Court and all the authorities for being able to deliver a judgment that brings happiness to the people of the district.
“However, we will look at the results on 23rd June to see how many votes the MDA candidate will get from Sohra,” said Riskhem.
In the final match of the tournament, Youngest Boys FC scored 1 – 0 goals against at Sakwang Sports Club.
Regarding the number of households occupied by non-Khasis, the village leaders said that they are still collecting information on this, but they said that at present there is a shortage of households. There are three small compounds in which most of the residents are non-Khasi, namely Suleiman Compound, Masjid Compound and Alijan Compound.
He said that there are many corruption scandals within government departments and the people should talk about them and the government should investigate and dismiss the officers involved. , not to throw or sloit shuki only to any government minister.
Not only that, but it has also vowed not to take part or send a team to the tournament if the request of the federation is not accepted by the Asian Cricket Council. on this basis.
Khliehriat: The FKJGP Bataw Unit would like to thank the district authorities for increasing the number of food and beverage delivery points in the border areas during this lockdown.
The competition was held at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat on the 24th of this month on the theme “Youth and HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Voluntary Blood Donation”.
He also published two religious books.
The RDA invites all MLAs & MDCs of the UDP & HSPDP, all Members of the Central Body, Presidents and Secretaries of Districts, Presidents and Secretaries from Circles/Constituencies, all Leaders Members of the Women Wing and Youth Wing of the UDP and HSPDP and also invited members of the Women Wing and Youth Wing of the UDP and HSPDP to attend the meeting.
The project, which cost T.2.8 crore, was started in 2011 and almost all the works have been completed and only a few remain.
f.19-9-1987).
The primary goal is to develop talented youth in the field of sports.
Hancock resigned yesterday after The Sun revealed the incident, which showed his love for Gina Coladangelo.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned Sudan after one of these groups raided a laboratory in Khartoum. and which keeps samples of cholera, measles, polio and other diseases for examination and study inside the laboratory.
The Khasi Social Custom of Linage Bill is a barrier to prevent all those who marry Dkhars from the state from losing their ST or Schedule Tribe status, and will also serve as a warning to others in the future.
During the election campaign, the candidates are expected to reach all the villages.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sromwell Mawdoh said that in the upcoming election, the people should think carefully before casting their precious vote.
At the same time, Rev.Fr.Surjit Tigga SDB, expressed his satisfaction that the school has appeared again in this year's results especially in Science.
BCCI Vice President Rajeev Shukla said, “The exclusion of Mohali Stadium in Punjab from the list of cities to host the tournament is due to the cause of the world's political turmoil.
The Nongthymmai MDC asked this question after finding out that hundreds of soldiers came to register as voters in Madanrting constituency yesterday.
It is therefore important for various organizations to ensure that all departmental officers are trained.
He said that when the students raised questions about the incident, the authorities refused by saying that the students should be in the classroom and not to protest.
Referring to the Iewduh area, this is a slightly more difficult issue because since the incident in Them-Iewmawlong, vehicles can no longer pass through the area and this has been part of the traffic jam. in this place.
Also present on the occasion were Derek O'Brien, TMC MP Mahua Moitra, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, State Vice President James B Lyngdoh, Phulbari candidate SG Esmatur Mominin. , and others.
Vehicles have been set aside at those PHCs and CHCs to be used to transport the poor women from their homes to the nearest health centers or transit homes.
It is not known whether there are still MLAs from other parties who may have joined other parties.
The singing of those priests, which was lynguh hi thuit, was also the singing of Christmas songs in English.
Another important part is that the language should be fluent in speaking, writing or reading; otherwise it may be difficult to speak, write or read if you forcefully translate from other languages ​​and as mentioned above, the medium of comparison is English.
What is wrong will remain wrong if we all do it, how much more so if we all do it.
Usha Paul, 58, of Laban, died before being taken to Nazareth Hospital at 7:40 pm.
Referring to the new MDC, Bah Bindo M Lanong, Prestone said, “I cannot answer myself because she is sitting in the new EC of KHADC and as of now there is nothing. I don't know what to say about the proposal sent to the government.
The Seng demands that the government should take care if it wants to open so that the disease will not enter the State.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today answered the supplementary questions raised by the opposition MLAs on the agriculture department in the House. East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang and others who had to assist the Prime Minister said that the questions regarding agriculture have been raised. to explain.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday demanded that the Central Government should end and suspend the The Armed Forces Special Power Act, 1958, which gives special powers to the army to do whatever they want in public places, should be repealed immediately.
This is also the fulfillment of the aspirations of the villagers for decades, said the village leaders.
They went – ​​they went to the villages and towns – they all created.
That is his character as a man who has a vision of how this will improve this work as we have seen and witnessed now.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today raised the interest rate on bank loans by 50 basis points (bsp) or 5.4 per cent. The increase was 5.15 per cent from the pre-pandemic period.
In the complaint, the CSWO said that the allocation of government land for 99 years is not the usual practice of the Meghalaya government under the Assam Land and Revenue Regulation,
According to a source from NHIDCL, the government is not satisfied with the work done by the ARSS and the government has ordered the NHIDCL to suspend the contract awarding after the incident on 14th June.
This year is the last time Miss Meghalaya will be held in Bakur and from next year the pageant will be held in Shillong.
In the last two budget sessions, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare received about 11 per cent and the Ministry of Education 12 per cent of the funds allocated for the implementation of who in the budget council.
“As a woman and as a Christian, I cannot accept such a Good Governance Day on Christmas Day which is the birthday of Jesus Christ our Saviour,” said Wansuk. “We have not accepted it at all on Christmas Day and we will celebrate Christmas,” she said. She said that in the past few days, no dorbar has been held in the House of Representatives. They protested against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to celebrate Good Governance Day on Christmas Day.
The Prime Minister said that the 12 border areas will remain unchanged and no others will be brought back besides those that have been discussed and inspected.
Because it is a low-cost fabric that costs only 150 or more than 250 kyats and is also strong like a rynsun and does not have many designs. they shall have the same color and shape in their appearance.
Bah Michael said that we have to ensure that the customs should be improving the nation according to the changing times and not that it will push the nation backwards because if it pulls the nation backwards, it means that think creatively.
More than 60 people were injured in the incident.
After receiving a complaint, police have arrested the suspect and registered a case at Laitumkhrah.
It is learned that the mother has given the child to her own clan and this has put pressure on the father to spend the money on life insurance and other necessities. the name of his daughter.
However, there is still a lot of work to be done in women’s empowerment.
Let us see a little how this town got its name ; It is said that the village got its name from the Umtyrpeiñ River nearby which is also the source of drinking water for the villagers.
Besides these four persons, 12 others were injured in the incident and after being taken to hospital, two of them were in critical condition. tremendous.
Everyone was at home because it was Saturday.
Young man, remember that story about the stem.
Unidentified robbers opened fire five to six times at the crowd, which caused panic and dispersion among the crowd.
Bah Jyndiang will be sworn in by the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal at 11 pm at the Rilbong House.
It helps in the growth of the bacteria in our stomach and helps in the release of toxins from the digestive system.
Shillong: Ka Mawshun, a village about 63 kilometers from Shillong and falls under the Pynursla Constituency of the Pynursla Block, is in doubt that it will lose its connectivity to the new road from Shillong. to Dawki, because the NHIDCL, in charge of the construction of the new road, has signed, to build this road, to the west of the village and a distance of 700 meters, to about 1 kilometer. from the present road.
After this, at about 6:30 pm, they informed that the decision of the Cabinet and the Office of the Prime Minister will be sent in writing to all the offices.
The injured were taken to the Civil Hospital and treated.
Earlier, the opposition Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today demanded that the Executive Committee should increase the allocation of funds from T.50 lakh to T.1.50 crore for the MDCs. The Congress MDCs also sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar.
On the other hand, the Sohra MLA who is also the president of the UDP Youth Wing said, “The position of the UDP is clear that the ILP is still needed to curb the influx of people. or outside".
Thakur was summoned by Nadda to the party office in Delhi for her speech in Sehore, Madhya Pradesh, on Sunday.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Ka AMSSASTA under the leadership of Babu Batista Lyngwa, one of the organizations in charge of the welfare of SSA teachers in the State, will hold a peace march on the 19th of this month. March 2015.
Steam cars can be earned Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Meanwhile, the newly elected MP from Tura, Purno A Sangma, has promised to take the matter to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Mattummal underwent tests and doctors decided to amputate his left leg on Friday and he is currently undergoing treatment.
Jowai, June 04: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) through the hard work of the President and General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has established a new office. which was named after the HNYM Village Unit.
“He said that since the beginning of the case, the people have been deprived of ration, food from the Anganwadi Centre, government schemes from Mawryngkneng Block and other benefits that they should have received. .
He said that parents should not allow poverty to prevent their children from studying and children should not despise their parents even if they are better in education. but they should respect those who are above them.
“This month alone, it was admitted that the amount of coal mined is 5 lakh metric tonnes, in the According to the NGT, 65, 81, 147 metric tonnes of coal have been mined while the owners have admitted that there are 120,94,634 metric tonnes.
According to the signs of the incident, the robbers, after raping and assaulting the girl, killed her with a ksih from the ryngdang and broke the body near the village where she lived in a field.
We as citizens who care about the future of the state need to read and think carefully about the documents issued by the Accountant General Office or CAG Report every year so that we don't walk blindly without knowing how it has been conducted. This state of ours and how many generations to come have already been destroyed.
Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has confirmed that he will visit Krang tomorrow to gather detailed information on the demand of the residents of Sohiong, before taking another one. decision on the appointment of Lyngdoh in Sohiong.
The shops affected by the fire were Bonlina Kharjahrin, Drip Wartde, Biak Wartde, Diioris Ramsiej, Ridalin. Lyngkhoi shopkeeper.
Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, whose trust is in the LORD, and whose trust is in the LORD.
“The claim that the blueprint has already been drawn up for Mawbah is not true, because the government will have to find other sites first and will call a meeting with us to choose which site. I don't want to sit down," he said.
Prof. Amena N Passah told about the journey of Syiem Tirot Singh as a freedom fighter until the day of his death on 17th November
The District Child Protection Office (DCPO) on Tuesday announced that on 22nd July 2013, a girl child was found abducted by several people. The incident occurred at Krem Shohnoh, Mukhla, near Ummulong CHC at 3:40 pm.
The Girls' Wing Mynso Unit was formed at a meeting held at the Community Hall Mynso-A led by Neil Mukhim Assistant General Secretary JSU. Twenty women have taken the pledge to work as members of the JSU from this department and these include President Dalapynhun War, Vice President Heiyo Rymbai, General Secretary Sukmon Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Salbina Syntem, Finance Secretary Halenmary Phai, Organizing Secretary Ibadamut Syntem, Sport Secretary -Babynta Phai, Publicity Secretary Nidaka Syntem, Art and Culture Secretary Ribel Syntem, Discipline Secretary Siberka Sungoh, Education Secretary Hakani Tamki Lyngkot and 4 members of EC.U Jersom Shylla central body president, Jersom Shylla president He said that there is a great need for women within the party because in many cases of violence against women and children it is the responsibility of women to take the lead and advocate for them either before the law or in any other place. roles that men don’t have access to.
During the inspection of Mawkynrew Block, Pynursla Block in East Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut and Mawkyrwat Block in West Khasi Hills, Songsak and Resubelpara Block in West Garo Hills and Dalu and Tikrikila Block in West Garo Hills. In Mawkynrew, 84 households, Pynursla 78, Mawshynrut 120, Mawkyrwat 114, Songsak 108, Resubelpara, Tikrikila and Dalu 120 households. houses built from 2008-09 to 2012-13 and inspected from January to April
