Dukini is the only one selected from Meghalaya.
Christmas gifts first began during the reign of Bishop Nicholas (270–343 AD) of Myra (Turkey). He gave charity, dressed in clothes that people could not recognize him because he did not want to be honored, and in his humility he did many things to help the poor.
It is a California-based company with three offices in India, one of which is in Shillong.
This will help the public to benefit and ensure that the information provided is accurate without errors in the Aadhaar database.
Meanwhile, Agnes said the delay in implementing the Lokayukta is due to the fact that government officials like IAS, MCS have been secretly trying to hide their illegal income and demanded that the government should not. delayed the appointment of its chairpersons and members.
You don't have to register.
Sanbor distributed financial assistance for the Puja at a cost of T.5,10,000 tyngka to 27 Puja committees for the purpose of preparation and arrangements for the Puja. Worship.
In addition, journalists must have an Identity Card issued by the newspaper, TV channel or digital channel they work for or an Accreditation Card issued by DIPR. MEPA will write to the DIPR on this issue so that the public will not be misled by people who act or pretend to be journalist or journalist.
"He also said, “Those who are leaders, let them be faithful.
Khliehriat November 30: Hundreds of members of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission today took part in a rally held at Khliehriat. The SHM leaders have explained their demands including their opposition to the SOP issued by the state government regarding the coal mining industry in the state.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Central Executive Committee of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union today decided to go on strike in Shillong on this occasion. 31 January 2022, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Police are investigating the case to identify others involved.
This approach of the government has also led to the scattering of the residents in the state and the loss of unity.
N.Munish Singh, Zonal Director, ICCR (North East) opened the program by N.Munish Singh, Zonal Director, ICCR (North East). pliang, the Wangala dance and the Mastieh dance.
“However, the party will not allow and we have started searching and going from one government office to another, and to lodge a complaint against them with the relevant authorities and if the relevant authorities If they can't take action, we will have to take other paths to ensure that justice will stand”.
In the past few days, the city of Shillong has been in turmoil due to the violence and it is surprising that this happened at the time of the discovery of the explosion of uranium waste dumps in the city of Jynrin and also at the time of the explosion of uranium waste dumps. announcement that the CAA will come into force soon.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya High Court today held a hearing on a case on the cleanliness of Shillong, which was brought by SP Mahanta, one of the lawyers. public law of the State.
Others who took wickets for Simsang included Shaisngi Lyngdoh (1/14), Sanvert B Kurkalang (1/17) and Choudhury (1/17).
Secretary KSU JHDU has met with the DC. Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that all the people who have been affected by the construction of the border road on the border with Bangladesh They should submit their names to their Rangbah Shnong and submit them to the office so that the office can take the necessary action.
Acts 2:3
Shillong: The Laitlyngkot Dorbar Shnong today decided to close the village and market tomorrow.
"For the safety and security of the people, the Deputy Commissioner has ordered the vendors to leave their places along the roads and on the streets. hike.
The Chief Minister of the state, Bhupesh Baghel, who was unable to attend the dorbar but who spoke on the measures taken by his government on this issue, said, “It is in the 15th century. “It's been 10 years since the BJP ruled in the state that Christian churches were allowed to build churches not at all during the Congress rule,” he said. The BJP is in power in the state.
Our country, although small and small, has many heroes who have lived in the past centuries, who have made a name for themselves with their own things that we still can to be seen to this day in some parts of Khasi Jaintia.
Assam Lemon or lemon from Assam is regularly exported to London and the Middle East and so far, more than 50 MT of lemon has been exported from Assam.
He also urged the students to make good use of the education they have received from IIM-Shillong to bring about the betterment of the society.
If the nation doesn't respect the foundation, it will be destroyed.
The certificates required for those who are eligible for this award are only a Marksheet and a Residential Certificate and these documents should be sent to Samla Banjop Maring and Samla John Paul Sohpdang, or they can also Please call 9612941051/8638771593 or send us an email to ksunkhd@gmail.com on or before 10th March.
There has been one election campaign speech in these days in which he has reached the point of swearing in front of the people to stay young if the people win another party which is not a national party.
The second Global Radio Active Victim Conference in Berlin was attended by scientists and lawyers from around the world.
Shillong, Nailar 26: It was surprising for this journalist to find on the internet through Facebook that there is a Khasi herbalist named Bah K.Khar-syntiew who has announced about the types of treatments. he treats up to 25 types of diseases.
Chirag Khurana scored 21 runs while Dippu Ch Sangma scored 11 runs.
“Incline your ear, and come to me; hear, and your soul shall live: and I will make an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David" (Isaiah 55:3).
According to a statement by the Commissioner & Secretary, the Delhi High Court in 2021, strongly reprimanded him (Gokhale) for the same allegations against Government employees.
Speaking at the meeting, the Lamphang said, “We have invited various departments today, we have invited the PHE to take action regarding the water supply inside the complex, the Social Forestry. Arts & Culture to beautify the grounds and surroundings, Arts & Culture to beautify the color scheme of the House and other departments such as IT and NIC. from various departments, and the work has gone smoothly, so we don't want this work to slow down".
Haka Under 18 even in Govt.
“In the view of the party, the investigation and the law have been too stingy and those who commit such crimes are released on bail.
Shillong: The Shillong Municipal Board under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Bah BS Sohliya today conducted a census to count the number of people and households of Kharmetor. who lives in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Charles said that the people of the area have now understood about the COVID-19 pandemic, and have come forward to block the roads. There are 100,000 people living in the area to Jagiroad in Assam.
He said that the unemployment is due to the lack of leadership to implement policies for the youth.
Teachers and students from various schools in West Jaintia Hills took part in the march to raise awareness on the need for women's empowerment. District.
“The 21st October, 2020 will be celebrated as a Coronavirus Awareness Day (CAD) in all government offices,” said the Chief Minister. , banks (public and private), schools, public places and markets will be closed, as well as no public transport.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06 : Leaders and members of the KSU Sengkmie and Ri Bhoi on Tuesday evening welcomed and accompanied the students of the state who returned from Manipur after their arrival at Lingsuiñ Card Guwahati.
The driver's companion, Reedem Vaichei, sustained serious injuries.
There was a lot of handshaking and comments during the elections, but the synrop government remained unmoved,” he added.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah SC Laloo, who was the chief guest, expressed his gratitude to all the participants including the children, youth and parents. This is a sign of the cooperation of the residents in celebrating World Water Day
Thousands of people from Shilliang Umiam village, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Ngaitlang Dhar, NPP Mawhati leaders and other dignitaries were also present.
In the Mawkyrwat zone, Riangdo YSCA played against Seven United at the MDSA Ground.
The MDCs were concerned about the sale of land by the Gaoburas, who were authorized to look after the land of the District Council, but they alleged that they misused their land. of authority and become however, illegal land dealers.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA), NEHUSU, NEHU Students Association and VPP have opposed this proposal by NEHU, saying that the colleges are still facing many problems. .
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has denied that it has been defeated by its MDA allies in the last MP elections. The Central Executive Committee (CEC) has postponed the last MP elections after the MDA candidate from the UDP, Dr Jemino, was elected. Mawthoh was defeated by Congress candidate Vincent H Pala by more than 2 lakh votes.
When inquired from the people of different villages of the constituency, he said that in the past years, the people of Nongstoiñ constituency have not respected the UDP but this time as the days go by the UDP has changed. she was encouraged by the participation of the people.
If the shops cannot be built with tiles for various reasons, the vendors can paint their shops with a color that can be washed every day.
All 15 Congress MDCs in the presence of Congress leaders Lapang, HDR Lyngdoh and Prestone Tynsong attended the meeting.
Jowai, Nailar 10 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, expressed her surprise at the number of HIV positive cases in the state which has reached more than 1500 people.
Pastor Basaiawmoit has also contested as an MP candidate in the last two elections, in 2009 and
Bah H Syngkon, a member of MCSWA, spoke about his experience and how he escaped from drug addiction.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Sohiong Hima today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwell Dkhar. against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Bashemphang Thabah.
Speaking to the media, Adelbert has already laid a good foundation and proposed to many people and the foundation has agreed to contest from the Voice of People Party (VPP).
, Telecom, Telegraph, Communications & IT Services, Print & Electronic Media, Bank ATM& Treasuries.
She said that many forests have been destroyed and it has affected their livelihood as farmers.
“This is the time when the churches are crowded.
The Border Area Raid Nongtung Youth Association (RBA) has submitted its petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah MB Tongper. The Commissioner is not present in the office for other duties of the District Administration.
Some of the symbols we can learn from the struggle of Moses' group in Egypt: The shipriati who will vote for them for five years.
The news comes after the Civil Servants of England announced a march on 10th January and 7th July across government departments.
Members of Parliament also took part in the protest on Tuesday in Bern, along with tens of thousands of women.
“This is the picture of the Legislative Assembly and the number of political parties and independent candidates who were elected as MLAs in
Only after he became Prime Minister, he became an MLA. This shows that we did not elect this State Government, it was done by the leaders from Delhi.
Carmilinia Sun who is also the Vice Provincial with the testimony of Sr.
One of the decisions taken by the Cabinet today was to extend the contract term of the Secretary of the Meghalaya State Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum, HN Areng for another year.
Nipynthngen Wann, 23, son of Hunlang Wann and Milson Suiam, residents of Mowtyrshiah B, West Jaintia Hills District, has gone missing.
From Riatsamthiah, where the Khasi spirits are sold, the road is busy, and when you get home, you are slow.
It will be a waste of time and energy and effort even if you search for thousands of years cannot be found by human wisdom, but you have to believe and obey what God said to Moses long ago. ong – “I am that I am" that's all.
The CEO of JMB has been directed to ensure that the Solid Waste Management Rules 2016 enforced by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change on 8th April 2016 will be followed in the disposal of garbage in Mynkjai. to implement the demand of the 7 villages on the demand that they are concerned that the dumping of garbage in the area is harmful to health and is not scientific.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mansturdy admitted that the reason for his departure from the Congress was for personal reasons.
Speaking on Tourism, the Minister said, “We have introduced a policy on how to provide assistance for the improvement of tourism destinations, whether it is in the construction of Home Stays, large hotels, commercial vehicles to act as Travel Agents and to rent vehicles when necessary.
Sources said that no policemen were found at the police station in Chirlangso, Tapat area which was attacked by the robbers.
When I think alone after reading these days the statement of this young man, I am shocked.
However, the haste to join the MDA 2.0 government could affect the party's candidate.
The accusation is that they are afraid when they talk about anything. It is not for the sake of elections or political interests but to ask the farmers what happened at that time. “Isn't it a blessing for them that Bah Ardent is the CEM,” he said.
“If people say that he (Habahun) is stupid, tell them to let the fool work with his mind,” said Habahun. There was no question and the audience applauded and applauded.
The Meghalaya team consists of Dianchidora N Sangma, Dubleen D Nengnong, Indariakor Kharwanniang, Fennysha Nongrum, Ankita Sharma, Kambesa Agitok, Abiezer Khar Syiem, Janicka R Marak, Monica Singh, Emisakani Warjri, Rikmanchi M Sangma and Jayshree. Singh, Awesa G Momin, Jaylynn R Marak, Natasha Rabha.
In the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Ferrari has emerged as the winner and runner-up.
After this small and peaceful meeting, a wreath laying ceremony was held at the cemetery in memory of the pioneer of Mawphor, Highland Post and other projects.
The non-payment of T.0.28 crore shows that the revenue has increased.
Police have registered a case under Jowai PS Case No.98(5)15 U/S 4 POCSO Act
Speaking to reporters, HNYF-West Jaintia Zone President Bah Howniwat Sutong said that the HNYF has found out about this through an RTI reply received from the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills. District recently.
The militant group, which is active in Kashmir, planted an IED bomb in the Ghazipur market in Delhi in July this year, accusing Nupur Sharma and the BJP of being involved in the attack. organizations, which allow, anti-Muslim activities.
The absence of an ambulance or especially the Ambulance 108, has affected the people of the area especially during these times when the COVID 19 pandemic is increasing in the district and the state as a whole.
There have been many other issues that the Congress has raised including the country's loss of income for this reason.
Williamnagar, Nailur 18: The Council of Nokma, East Garo Hills Unit on Saturday announced that the CrPC and the CPCs apply within Schedule Areas.
He said the party would go to the AICC to discuss the defeat in the Tura elections and the country as a whole.
He said that they have strengthened the security forces so that others cannot enter our state and from one state to another they are not allowed to enter.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the UDP has held a meeting to discuss these issues at the party office yesterday.
He said our program to eradicate TB also encourages the participation of the people.
They are all from the quarantine center at Sarusajai Stadium in Guwahati.
Prof GG Swells, the only MP from the National League for Democracy (NLD) has become the Deputy Speaker, the Ambassador and this is the answer to them, he brought NEHU, the ownership of coal. ".
He spoke on principles and as a former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, his name will always be remembered.
“Remember, we were born as Hynniewtrep first, the party comes later and we need to unite to protect our Hynniewtrep people from the hands of the foreigners,” said the statement.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister also congratulated the HLC under the leadership of Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the members who have worked hard to prepare the report.
Furthermore, the JYF-WJR strongly condemns this behavior of the SDO by insulting the people of the area and especially the insulting behavior of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area. The KSU, Bakur Dawki Unit and HNYF Southern Riwar Circle have strongly supported the demand of Amlarem Rangbah Union, KSU, Bakur Dawki Unit and HNYF Southern Riwar Circle. Shillong, July 19: Two extortionists have been shot dead today at Rongjeng village, East Garo Hills, 45 kilometers from Wiliam Nagar. The incident happened at 1 pm this morning when the residents of the village chased two robbers until they found them and shot dead them.
At the same time, Bah Nongsiang said that the meeting of JACATAM has decided to start the first strike on the 27th of July by going to school with the iong flag as a sign of protest against the JACATAM. the silence and negligence of the Minister in charge of education.
The chief speaker on the occasion was Dr Mihshwa Tyngkan, Asst. Director, Veterinary Department, Government of Meghalaya. promoted to the rank of IAS, the award came in the form of a public inauguration at this function and the distribution of prizes to the winners of the stone throwing and shooting competitions.
Fortunately, there are still those who keep him safe.
The winners will be the pilots who can reach the bull's eye of the line.
Olino was killed by his own son Hamkom Shylla, 20 years old.
“With such statements on public platforms, inappropriate comments and comments have been made against me, the elected representative to the State Legislative Assembly.
And during these years there were tragic events that were like trials and tribulations that came into his life.
The niut that has been covered on this road is where Shillong-Jowai vehicles have set up a stand or passenger waiting area.
He said that in the past, the people used to spend only T.200 tyngka to get permission to build houses but now they have to spend lakhs of tyngka to get permission to build houses.
“Through this programme, we remember our fighters and honor them for the freedom they sacrificed,” he said.
The transportation of these goods has started with the transportation of up to 10 tonnes of soh.
“Therefore, we urge you to take immediate action on this issue and we also urge you to fill the vacant posts as soon as possible to ensure that they are fully operational from the relevant offices. ," the VPP said in the petition.
Shah said there should be efforts to bring prosperity to the North East.
Additional SP (Crime) Bah P Syiem, DTO Secretary Ricky Tariang, WJHTODA, East Khasi Hills Taxi Association, East Khasi Hills Taxi Association, Local Taxi Association Nongstoin and Indica and Sumo Unions.
In Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the UDP has jointly contested with the HSPDP in Mawthadraishan, Sohra, Mawshynrut and Mawkynrew.
Therefore, the union said that the government should also ensure that this free education should be available in government schools and other schools which are aided by the government and also from the government. Private schools or schools run by various churches should allow children to attend school free of charge.
Shillong, November 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today called the Sordars of the border area from Mawshun to Nongjri to discuss the government's plan to set up electricity posts before erecting shiah signs.
Expressing the concerns of the government in relation to the outbreak of covid-19, the Prime Minister said, “We have many challenges in terms of opening schemes. “It's been a long time since we've seen the development in the past 4.5 years, but in the midst of the challenges we've worked hard to bring about a change in the daily lives of our residents.” .
On the other hand, the state police departments are also monitoring and taking care of the health of Bah Ronningson Kharthangmaw.
"The Shillong Times has published my letter with the exact content, 'The Himalayan Blunder'
He said that the initial purpose of the casino is only for foreign tourists.
Speaking on the implementation of the MCC in the state, the CEO said, “Penalties will be taken if anyone violates the rules of the MCC. new works.
Earlier, Self Help Groups (SHGs) from across the state under the jurisdiction of MRDS, have protested against the government's plan to abolish MRDS. “This is not the government's intention to abolish the IFAD project but it has ended according to the soskular.
It shall be the language which all those working in Government offices in Meghalaya should be able to speak and write especially in the districts where there are many Khasi.
“The trick to warn these corrupt MLAs is to allow them to win the election and defeat them in the end.
He said that on his part, he has urged the senior officers to complete the Detailed Project Report (DPR) to create not only fish farms but also to become a tourist destination.
Make a drain and filter around the market and pour all the waste into the filter.
On the other hand, the party has expressed its gratitude to Rahul Rahul for his long and commendable speeches during the Lok Sabha election campaign. It didn't reach its goal but it shook the spirit of the party.
Shillong: The Voice of People Party (VPP) has invited those who attended the meeting to contribute as much as they can. bor, if you are T.5 or T.
The issue was raised by Sohra MDC Rasor Rani, Rambrai MDC KP Pangiang, Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum, Mawthungkut MDC FK Rynathiang and Mawlai MDC Embhah. King.
Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, Samla Lambok Rymbai, Secretary of KSU Ri Bhoi; Marcus Marten President of the HNYF and many other leaders of these organizations.
He said that each truck carries more than 30 metric tonnes of stone while at the weigh bridges only 21 metric tonnes were shown.
“Officers have met many times with the state government on this issue, but the state government has not done anything so far despite its repeated promises,” Gohain said.
Ryntih SC continued to play strongly without allowing Shillong Lajong to score.
Khliehriat, June 5: U Bah Kynjaimon Amse, Advocate District Court, East Jaintia Hills District, has sent a letter to the Project Director, Shillong PIU, NHAI Shillong, demanding the closure of one of the There are no toll gates in Jaintia Hills District.
Langsning had several chances but failed to score, which encouraged Mawlai and fought hard to ensure the victory.
Therefore, they married from house to house without counting whether they were relatives of foreigners just to keep the wealth in the house.
Look at the recent events that have led to the 24th to head the present government, doesn't it show that it is the leaders of the 36th who have betrayed their nation and do not see the future of the country? In democracy, the people are the ultimate power, but in Meghalaya, this is not the case.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Committee on Women Empowerment of the Legislative Assembly on Monday expressed its concern over the increase in violence against women and girls in the state.
Many of us may have known “Tamabil” but we don't know how this name came about or why this place is called “Tamabil”.
They don’t tend to fight the government even if it makes decisions that go against the political system.
Deuteronomy 3:27 says, “Get thee up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes northward, and eastward, and westward, and southward; east.
Besides, the Seng said that the delay in the construction of this road has severely affected the health of the residents through the pum pum and has also caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and which also risks injuries to passengers.
It was announced in the House that the registration of nominations will be held before 12 noon and the examination of documents will be held at 12.15 pm.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi-Jaintia Tribe/Community in Assam, today met with the Chief Minister of Assam and requested him to empower them to create the “KHASI JAINTIA DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL".
The match was postponed to 10 overs due to natural disasters, in which Nongdawah needed to score 60 runs and reached the target in only 6 overs.
Therefore, if we destroy, pollute the environment, we will lose our relationship with other creatures in the environment and this will put us human beings in danger.
We have not yet received any assistance from the government and we hope that in the future it will turn to your area,” said Bah Super.
After this victory, Shillong Lajong FC will now prepare for their next match against SAIL from Bokaro on the 14th of this month at 10.30 pm.
God became man to redeem His creation. At the time of his birth the angel said to the shepherds, “Do not be afraid.
Shillong, July 06 : The KSU Seng Kmie has honored the best arm wrestlers who have represented the state at the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association on 05th July
The occupants of the Alto sustained minor injuries.
Speaking at the Rozger Mela organized by NEHU, Shillong, the CM said that the government has taken steps to help curb the spread of the disease. unemployment among the youth in the state.
The office bearers of the Youth Wing of MCSEPAC are Benjonson Lyngdoh, Vice President Brightstar Thyrniang, Tailes Wanniang and Alosis Nonglait. General Secretary Thomas Thyrniang.
“The preparation of this Mining Plan is nearing completion,” he said.
Hek, who is also a government minister in the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government, said that although it is their opinion to contest if the MDA does not achieve its goal, However, this will not be the case with the party headquarters in Delhi.
She warned that if the police continue to make such allegations, the time will come when the HNLC will have to strengthen itself by recruiting new members.
While the talks are ongoing, the UDP has released the names of seven candidates for the upcoming elections. MDC will be elected in
Speaking on his proposal to build this prayer room, Bah Adelbert said that it is because the people of North Shillong from the first time have elected him not only to look after the problems of the people. not only for the constituency but also for the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The decline of the Congress party in the country has affected even Meghalaya which has been its stronghold in recent years.
The MLAs who joined the AITC include Mukul Sangma, his wife Dikkanchi Shira, his daughter Miani Shira, his brother Zenith Sangma, Winnerson Sangma and Marthon Sangma. , Lazarus Sangma, Jimmy Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, Himalaya Shangpliang, George Lyngdoh and Shitlang Pale, who sent their decision to join the AITC on 24th November, ; However, the Congress party strongly opposes the decision of the 12 MLAs to join the AITC. The membership of the 12 members of the Indian National Congress is permanent as stipulated in paragraph 4 of the Tenth Schedule of the Constitution and therefore, they are not subject to disqualification.
For more information, please call 90894-66350, 90894-62042 and 80149-8
The owner of the skum kba said that the loss has exceeded 2 lakh tyngka, and police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
The incident happened on the 19th of July at Nongsder.
If necessary, we will strengthen the security forces,” said Dr LR Bishnoi.
According to him, most of the people living in Them Metor are employees of various departments including the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Urban Affairs Department, Health Department and others.
With the score of 10 goals, the match became more and more intense for both sides.
At the same time, these leaders said that the Chief Secretary has said that the government has rules by which the government can transfer officers when it feels necessary.
“However, the answer from the MUDA officials is that the MTC does not pay exactly the money and pays only until the buses have been picked up,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He said that the main mission of Rotary is to bring peace and empowerment of girls in all aspects.
I'm not sure if I'm going to go to coaching here.
Regarding this incident, the CoRP, in his speech, urged the electricity department in the state, from now on, to be thoughtful and also to to direct the employees to take care of their work, so that such incidents should not happen again.
You have to ask who are people involved in this Rs 803 crore," he said while adding “The government had placed everything on the floor of the House in the Assembly and most of the members were there and they could have questioned if that allegation is correct if there is an irregularity.
Nidaroi Mulieh scored in the 33rd, 48th and 60th minutes while Charelang Mulieh scored in the 15th and Tushar Pale in the 19th minute.
The HNLC has called for a four-day office blockade on the 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th of this month after the government failed to release HANM President Lam Phrangsngi Kharbani and four others. arrested by the police.
Referring to the matches on Saturday, the day of the tournament, the state had to win the silver medal in the girls' basketball after losing to Sikkim in the final. that is, 61 – 60 baskets.
Referring to the NPP as the party of the people of Meghalaya and the states in the country founded by (L) PA Sangma, he asked for the support to strengthen the party (NPP) because the party. “We will form a Government in Meghalaya with a complete victory,” he said.
South Korea's military said on Tuesday that North Korea had fired missiles into parts of the East Sea, also known as the Sea of ​​Japan. This is despite the presence of US and South Korean troops in these days.
In view of these tragic incidents, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to immediately provide justice to the families of those who died and injured and to ensure that they can get back their lives. “We strongly condemn all the crimes and violence that have happened recently in the state especially that many individuals have been involved in such incidents,” said the MPHRC. unexpected incidents whether it is against the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
He said that the Seng has informed them of the need to recognize these Khasi Tynrai as minorities because there are many benefits that they can get according to the rules of the Minority Commission.
The Prime Minister's reply came after many MLAs wanted to know on what basis the government stands on the land dispute with Assam.
The next morning, a friend working outside the State called and asked what was going on? He said that his friends in Ri-thor think that it is a strike by the workers that happens around the place and they think that they are the dismissed workers who are hunting and tied the employers. cut heat shem.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Bah VGK Kynta said, “You can never arrest these people.
Now I will explain in more detail on the issue of uranium mining.
Langsning FC opened the scoring in the 20th minute through Overkindness Mawnai.
According to the General Secretary of the VPP, the following candidates have decided to contest: WTony Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew Constituency, Doris Marbaniang from Mawphlang, HS Kharpran from Mawryngkneng; Danny Langstieh from Shillong South, A Nonglait from Mylliem, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon from Umsning and Brightstar Marbaniang from Mawlai.
JACATAM demands that the government should take over the teaching post and pay salaries to all school teachers as it does in Tamil Nadu and not take over the school authorities.
He said that the purpose of the Association to hold this program is as part of raising funds to donate to the school for the celebration of the Diamond Jubilee.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the state government's intention to pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs to define their duties and responsibilities shows that the state government intends to empower the districts. council.
He said that according to the Draft Delimitation or the proposed division of constituencies, there have been many changes especially the ratio of the population (ratio) has not been equal to each other and the division has become too different. such as geographical conditions or geographical conditions.
Balamjingsuk, who is still in Class XI, from Sohrarim village, has been trained at the Innovation Hub in electronics for about two and a half years and now he has learned to make his own drone.
Shillong, June 1: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday issued a verdict on the post of Rangbah Shnong. A few days later, the KHADC has appealed to the Supreme Court to overturn the decision.
All vehicles should travel from Lower Lachummiere near the DIPR office to Hopkinson Road and leave at Don Bosco Square.
That act is more terrible than the one who was beaten in the Nongstoiñ market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has demanded 80 percent employment opportunities for indigenous people in the state in the offices of private companies in the state.
Finally, after the complaint of the Dkhar parents to the Government in Sylhet, the Government, the East India Company sent patrols on their border to prevent the violence of the Khasi, which They have reached the border and are no longer allowed to enter the markets in Ri-thor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Border Security Force (BSF) today arrested a man while he was entering India from Bangladesh.
Donkupar Sumer, MDC UDP from Umsning, raised the issue of raising the issue of the people living on the border with Assam in Ri-Bhoi. Sumer spoke about the problems of villages like Sabuda, Langpih and Umwang which have been harassed by the Assam police.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Pyndengumiong Village, Mairang, in an order issued today, said that due to the rapid increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and high risk contacts in Pyndengumiong Village, Pyndengumiong Village has been declared as a Containment Zone as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma has dismissed his ministers and Sangma will take over Finance, Planning, Personnel, Taxation, Mining and other portfolios. I didn't give it to other ministers.
The President said that KAS has also sent documentation related to the Khasi language and many basic information to the President of India as well as to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs for the purpose of intervention in this regard.
He said the price of the house will range from ₹1.50 per square meter to ₹300 per square metre, depending on the equipment used by the people.
Bhattacharjee has only one religious relationship and that is that he is the President of the Central Puja Committee, Shillong and which conducts the Durga Puja.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: Teachers' Day is celebrated every year on the 5th of November which is also the birthday of the great thinker of the country and former President of India Dr. Sarvepalli. Radhakrishnan, District School Education Officer and Sub-Divisional School Education Officer today celebrated the 62nd Teachers' Day at Parish Hall Nongpoh to pay tribute to the teachers. contribution to the development of students and education.
He said that until these days, they have not visited his residence.
The winners of the tournament will also represent the District at the State Level to be held in Shillong.
The most frightening thing is that gradually, this drug trade could create gangs of traffickers who will use the latest technology to traffic in drugs,” said the statement.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the meeting today was to discuss, especially to maintain peace and stability in the state and one of the problems is that the state is facing, There is a shortage of police officers and there is still a need for about 3500-4000 policemen.
If anyone has received money or has not received the rice, they can lodge a complaint with the office of the SDO (Supply) by writing their name and village so that they can be punished. ration distributors who violate the distribution of foodgrains under the scheme.
It was also seen that in the midst of the heavy rain, people from all over the villages flocked to the scene to condole with the family.
The railway project in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has faced obstacles due to the opposition of various groups including the Sengbhalang.
However, in one incident, police seized 111.183 kilos of Ganja, but no arrest was made as the suspects fled the scene.
“We need to combine medical technology with modern technology to avoid any danger and it also needs to be a source of income for the doctors so that they can fill their families,” said Hek. .
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar also informs that tickets will be sold according to the size of the ground.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang will hold this medicine campaign tomorrow.
When asked whether he will be appointed as the Minister of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong said that it doesn't matter which department you hold but the important thing is to serve the people. who have not performed their duties properly in various departments of the Government of Meghalaya.
The relief supplies were transported from Guwahati and Johrat to Silchar by An-3
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the first goal in MSL history for Rangdajied early in the first half.
Because it is said that Russia has never attempted to detonate a single nuclear weapon since 1990 until now.
Speaking at a meeting of NPP Mylliem Block office bearers today, Embhah said it has been seen on social media that VPP leaders have used the Word of God and this is not appropriate. to political gain.
These Rangbah also alleged that Lyngdoh had violated the customs and traditions of raid rule within the raid Shylla and raid Sohiong.
The Tuber Kmaishnong Social Cultural & Sport Club would like to thank the former Waheh Shnong Graham Lyngdoh for donating boots to all the players who took part in this tournament.
This surprised all the doctors.
CBM is a member of the Global Campaign for Education (GCE).
The aim is to detect any underwater threat at any time and in this regard, the US Department of Defense, through its Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA), has launched a It is believed that it will be able to detect even the smallest vehicle under the sea.
With 937 runs from 19 matches, Kishan Lyngdoh has scored 690 runs from 12 matches in the Ranji Trophy.
It is to be recalled that the government through the High Level Committee, on 29th November, sent to the Harijan Panchayat Committee, the government's plans to relocate 342 households to the residences of the employees of the Harijan Panchayat Committee. Shillong Municipal Board at Bishop Cotton Road.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Umsning Circle (KSU) Umsning Circle (KSU) has decided to encourage the youth especially the The Maitshaphrang Under 14 Football Tournament for children under 14 years old has started at Umsning Town Dorbar Ground.
The officer gave Sokon a job because one of the employees informed him that he could not.
It is a clean and beautiful village from the inside of the village, to the nature and its surroundings.
Jowai, July 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit today honored two students from Jowai who have reached the Top-20 of the SSLC Examination Board of School Education (MBOSE).
The party urged the Meghalaya government not to just talk about CAB but to take action to show its opposition.
At that time, Bah Shiningstar immediately rushed to take back the tent which had been covered by the lyer, but unfortunately he could not protect himself until he sank completely. .
Nongpoh: Besides the welfare of children, the Child Line Department has launched another program to help those families who have been affected by this disaster. The Child Line Department has distributed food items to 15 families in Nar-ang village. , Ri Bhoi District.
I would like to conclude with a prayer from the book Ri Hynniewtrep in North East India: “What a world like this! Where else is Burom and Ijot...Where is the shaba paint? They were sent only to the Spah of Thapbalieh.
Let's look back at the past events, now let's look back at the events that are happening now.
There are 19 cases in the country, including 10 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ribhoi District, 3 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from North and 1 case from South Garo Hills.
There are biria biria, wohnia wohdaw, which shoot slowly, on various news, which we publish.
“Only the collection of garbage by Municipal vehicles from the households is not enough,” said the President of the union. now.
We see that believers now have their own mobile phones and everyone uses the internet and gathers on sites and links of social media.
Here too, the farmers have decided to cooperate with the HFU to raise their concerns with the government authorities and others.
He said that as usual in the District Council, if there is a failure of the EC, the Governor announces one of the MDCs as the temporary overseer.
However, the owners of the dead pigs should not throw them into the hills or rivers, but should bury them in the ground so that if they die due to diseases it will not spread to others. even.
The Meghalaya Government has left the border villages behind,” he added.
On one occasion five years ago, UDP members lodged an FIR against one of the prominent columnists of the state, Rev.H.H.Mohrmen for writing against the MUA government. led by the Congress and the Minister in charge of Geology and Mining (from the UDP) on the government's delay in issuing the Mining Policy.
The news recently also reported on the behavior of some people against a Longkmie who converted to church in a village near Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 15: Two senior farmers and village leaders who have been fighting against the ban on the use of fertilizers by the Department of Agriculture in the State since 2014, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang and Bah Harkin Warjri, have been arrested. The NPP MLA candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Kendong Lynshiang, has strongly criticized the victory of the farmers on this issue.
In a letter to Sangma, VPP Parliamentary Party Secretary Heavingstone Kharpran said that the budget session for the people of Meghalaya should follow the rules of the session. In the first session, the Governor spoke in Hindi, which upset the members who did not like Hindi and suggested that Hindi is not the official language of Meghalaya.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Association, Sengbab Momin, said that the protest will be held at Resubelpara Division. to pay off the debt they have left.
On the occasion, the BDO said that the people should have their Aadhar Number, because soon the government will implement the release of schemes with Aadhaar number to the people or those households who deserve assistance. This was announced by Mr. KH Thabah, BDO of C&RD Block.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the Dorbar Shnong, which has the responsibility to prevent the spread of COVID-19, has decided to appoint these volunteers. We are the inspectors of these factories, but we are sad to see that the department in charge of the factories, has rejected this good intention of the village.
On the other hand, u Bah Process, on Saturday, expressed his concern over the increase in drug traffickers in Mawlai area, which has put a serious threat to the families. , to society.
Therefore, they request all the Rangbah Kur to come forward in pairs so that they can learn more about the issues so that it will be successful.
He said, “Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool; or what kind of house will ye build me? Ong u Trai.
Other speakers included Fr Valerian Serroa, village leaders and the school management.
We live in an age of light and we have to keep up with the changing times.
Nongpoh: To understand the problems faced by the residents of the border villages (Block-02), Bah N.Lamare, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today met with many Rangbah Shnongs of Block-0 area, to discuss and learn about the problems of the people living in the area.
The 1st Interdong Knockout Football Tournament was organized and conducted by the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM).
Shillong, Nailar 10: Two matches of Group B of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 which was held on Friday at MFA Turf, Polo, were postponed. Mawphlang SC and Kharang SC won the title.
Abu Sama Ahmed was appointed president of the PFI in Assam and Jakir Hussain was appointed state secretary.
There are also some parents who said that even now, there are still one or two books which they have not been able to buy because they are not available in the bookstores.
Finally, the Seng urges the MeECL office to expedite the working methods to meet the needs of the public and also to replace these dangerous posts as soon as possible. Shillong, July 16: A meeting of PDF MDCs including independent MDCs, HSPDP MDCs, UDP MDCs, NCP, KHNAM and BJP MDCs was held today. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the meeting decided that the KHADC will lodge a new complaint. Pynshngaiñ said that MUDA's boundary crossing has caused suffering to the residents because they need to get If they don't get permission from MUDA, they won't get drinking water and they won't get electricity in their houses because these departments ask for permission. you can MUDA before ban ai.
“As the state government, we regret that the promise to discuss ILP in October has not been fulfilled but we are still waiting for the reply of the Union Home Minister,” he said.
In SMALL BORE.22 PEEP SIGHT RIFLE, PRONE POSITION, WOMEN-1st position, Veronica Buhroy, 2nd position, Amalisha N Sangma, 3rd position, Anjali Singh.
Prestone also strongly criticized the UDP for its corruption regarding the MOU. On the other hand, Prestone said that all the decisions taken have been discussed within the Cabinet. Not only that, they have also discussed at the meetings of all political parties, we have invited the District Councils and even the political parties, we have talked to them and we have expressed what they have discussed before signing the MOU. “Surprisingly, we don't know why in the UDP Manifesto they say they want to cancel the MOU, this is their corruption,” he said.
The Court has been deeply moved by the statement of Bah Adelbert Nongrum on 30th November and 8th July this year against the order of the Court issued by SR Sen. November 2014, which is also a law that shakes the heads of government.
Speaking to media at Madan Students Jaiaw, these students requested the government to create a way for them not to lose their livelihood. If the government issues them a permit, they are ready to accept and even pay any taxes imposed by the government.
However, if the party does not come to contest in the state, he is ready to contest as an independent candidate.
Speaking to Rupang, HANM Jaintia President Ma Shaniah Suchen said that as of now, the organizations involved in the protest will have to hold a meeting in these days and soon they will take part in the protest. “We can take a decision after the 15th of this month,” said Ma Shaniah Suchen. and Rupang by phone.
He said that Regional Committees have already been set up and these are in the process of meeting and consulting with the border residents.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Food Corporation of India (FCI) with the assistance of the Central Government has built a storage facility for rice and wheat to increase the production of rice in the country. in the Eastern Hemisphere.
The PDF won four MLAs in 2018, the NPP gave only one minister.
On this account, few understand and few know the true worship of God.
Referring to the many government rules on the protection of places of worship, he said, “As Christians, we must remember that we must obey the laws of the authorities and not forget the laws of God.
One of the three employees, Arjun Ray, 52, was seriously injured and died at NEIGRIHMS on the same day.
Wijan Pohleng took 3 wickets in 3 overs and Peterson Lamare took 2 wickets in 4 overs.
Speaking at a meeting held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court said that it is essential to have cooperation between the Judiciary, Executive and Legislature.
Bible writers omitted the name of the first woman.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has fallen in parts of Ribhoi District today.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Konkan & Goa and the coast of Karnataka in the next 24 hours. in parts of Odisha, Assam and Meghalaya in the next 24 hours.
If the forests are destroyed, we will lose the water and clean air to breathe.
As wise voters, we must think that, in the end, it is not the party or the candidate who will give from their pockets, but the money that you and I pay through taxes. income, property taxes – which means that it is we the people who pay for these promises made by these candidates and parties.
Meanwhile, the 18.87 km Dudhnoi-Mendipathar railway line is now in operation.
In the past few months, various groups have come out to protest against the closure of the festival on Sunday.
“If the fare doesn't go down even after the announcement, what good will it do us, we don't have to face this every day but nothing can be done.
Regarding this shortage in Pahamarioh, the HNYF urges the MeCEL employees to take immediate action to repair and improve the electrical signs, electrical posts and also to fence off the areas where there are transformers to protect the residents from injuries especially during this time of wind and rain.
“Once we see the reply of these Ministers of Electricity, we will seek information through RTI from the MPDCL office in June to get more information on the Smart Project. Meter,” said Mr. Roykupar.
Out of 13 districts, the BJP has elected leaders in 9 districts and out of 60 constituencies or Mandals, it has elected leaders in 44 Mandals.
The RBYF demanded that the government should appoint the two women, Subita Lapang and Hundalin Warjri, who were dismissed from the MUDA department this year. The government should also drop the FIR lodged by the MUDA against Bah Banbuhai Makdoh, President of the RBYF, after the RBYF They went to close down the office of the department, due to the dismissal of these Longkmie.
The people have joined hands with the VPP in Pynursla which is the constituency of Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The village of Mawlyndep has demanded to bury the loss of the family and to punish those involved in the care of the mother until the thyrnia stopped in the body and the child died.
Shillong: The 9th Cash Prize Football Tournament 2019 was held at Wapung School today. The 9th Cash Prize Football Tournament was held at Wapung School.
As of the 7th of this month, 54 people have lost their lives in the clashes in Manipur since the 3rd of this month.
When asked whether there will be any opposition from the people especially as the NPP is leading the government with many allegations, Prentone said, “We will leave that to the wisdom of our candidates.
Ferdynald Kharkamni said that the union is shocked to learn of the proposal to convert the Central Agriculture University into a college of agriculture. the state and the students of the state.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development was also present at the inspection. Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, Teimonlang Shylla, Trinity Saioo from Mulieh, Padma Shree awardee were also present. and members of the Laskeiñ Federation of SHGs.
According to a complaint received from Nongstoin Police Station, on the 4th at 9 pm, Bah Lostarwell Nongphud, 40 years old, left his house to go into the forest of Mawsiangbah Village. and he came not home from that day until this day.
The Village Authority and the Iawlar Kur do not allow anyone to cut down or plant trees in this forest.
“Right! "He has done what he wanted," said the mother. "The man who has decided doesn't have any problems," said the brother. mother and thum the son.
in and for those who renew their application those who apply for this Merit Scholarship should download and use the link. Meghalaya for the year 2023-24 to apply for the Central Sector Scholarship Scheme for College and University Students, this will also be accepted again and also for those who have already applied can renew and renewal) This is an award from the Ministry of Education, Department of Higher Education, Government of India. Application forms can be submitted online through the National Scholarship Portal (NSP) through the website www .scholarships.
He was taken to the morgue and given a well-wrapped body to pay his last respects to his wife.
In the same year he was awarded the Degree of Doctor of Divinity (D.D.) from Ripon University, Wisconsin, USA. and produce extensive documentation.
Besides the PMGSY roads, T.49.54 lakh falls on Chyrmang and Iongnoh roads.
The Chief Executive Officer, Satya Raj Rai and the Inspector of Schools, A Laloo also delivered speeches on the occasion.
The other two MLAs are Jason Sawkmie Mawlong from Umsning constituency and Hamlet Dohling from PDF.
“We suspect that it was the old members of the group who were involved in the incident because they were the ones who knew and received the weapons and other items,” he said.
Those who try to steal and work as Khasi just to take advantage, for profit will be punished.
“The MDA government will spend Rs 200 crore to provide Rs 5,000 each to 4.5 lakh households.
He said that the farmers have tried to harvest again by using jri clothes and tarpolin to cover those that have already been harvested and per on the surface of the water.
Shillong, November 10 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government is still facing difficulties in the recruitment of specialist doctors.
They looked and saw the kind of cow before they killed it.
The PHE should fully implement the Laitkseh Water Supply Scheme which is unable to provide drinking water to the village during the dry months.
Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.
There is also only one toilet, in one which makes the experience difficult, because in each room there are about 50 people and it is necessary to install the toilets in these rooms as soon as possible.
Only the NonPlan Adhoc has not been released due to lack of funds, said the publicity secretary of JACATAM. bring trouble to them.
Matthew 28:18.
This can be proved through the culture that the people who live here today still have their own customs and traditions and especially the preservation of the “Lawkyntang” in the Ummat.
Because Satan will also rule the world for 1290 days.
The question is, as a small nation, can we survive without the protection of the Sixth Scheduled? Therefore, we must not lose the Sixth Scheduled Act.
After the examination, many of the teachers appointed as temporary teachers by the government did not pass the MTET and these teachers were dismissed.
He participated in the Jharkhand Association Against Uranium Radiation, a group that speaks out against the dangers of uranium radiation, and in court he fought for thousands of Adivasis arrested. and they shall be accused of being robbers or robbers.
Shillong: Police have seized 10.16 kilograms of crystal meth worth T.15 crore from Shillong. , said the report and was seized from Kongong, East Jaintia Hills District.
For more than 10 months, teachers have been protesting steadily, but it is a sad incident to see this incident today,” he said.
Our ecosystem will change.
However, these demands have not yet been met.
The union said that from other states there have been Minimum Support Prices to help set the price of agricultural products as well as those places where they sell agricultural products.
He also congratulated the District Council for allowing to register the land of all the villages in the border areas. The dulir which the villages have been able to register may be a standing and verifiable instrument.
Meanwhile, Subh was registered as MLA from Tezpur in the 1980s and it was during this time that various political parties and students complained that he was a foreigner and He was accused of having bad marks but the Assam government and the Congress party did not believe him and gave him a ticket and he became MP from Tezpur Lok Sabha seat three times until
It was only in 2010 that the NRC was attempted in two places, Chaygoan and Barpeta, but due to heavy protests in Barpeta, the Chief Minister, Tarun Gogoi, ordered the suspension. It may be recalled that Barpeta District is one of the areas where the authorities, especially those from Bangladesh, have been overwhelmed.
“The party strongly urges you to take the necessary measures to ensure a clean and transparent election and that voters will be able to cast their votes without any fear and theft. the votes will never happen," he said in the complaint.
For more information, please call the following toll-free numbers: 94854-32400 or
On the other hand, the union also congratulated the Forest Department for providing the tree seedlings and also the Wildlife Department for sending a statement to the union to express its gratitude for taking the initiative to plant trees for the preservation of the environment. to spread the message to avoid the slaughter of wildlife and all living things.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Saturday. Kiang Stadium, East Jowai.
Shillong, Nailur 4: The Teachers' Day will be the most surprising day in the state this year and the reason why everyone knows, is that the teachers have decided not to take part in this day by holding They held a rally at Dan Malki to protest against the government which has ignored their demands.
Speaking on the demand for roads for development purposes, Daniel said it would be better to demand from the government to improve the existing single lane roads. “This area has a double lane when there are only 4 or 5 vehicles traveling per day, what is the position of the Ministry of Road and Transport on this,” he said.
The Government also supports the measures taken by the Khasi Autonomous District Council and other District Councils for the purpose of keeping records and also producing articles relating to the leaders of the Khasi Autonomous District Council. we.
Shillong, June 16: The Secretaryship of Shella Village Council, Bah Tobias Tiewdop, has claimed to be the Secretary of Shella Village Council. He also admitted that he is the Secretary of the village.
It is learned that on that day, even those civilians who were in the same market area, were injured and died along with the Ukrainian troops who were guarding and fighting from the market. this part.
D. On the swearing-in ceremony, the Governor was welcomed by the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma who expressed his gratitude to the Governor for his willingness to take over the post as the Governor of the State.
To the wicked man, he comes only for a while and leaves this world, and it is as if a man came only for a while.
Ron Cooper Massar, 54, of Umroi Jaiawpdeng, Ri Bhoi District, has been identified as Ron Cooper Massar, 54, of Umroi Jaiawpdeng, Ri Bhoi District. On the 20th of this month, while he was running step, they lodged a complaint with Umroi PIC. After further investigation, it is suspected that the incident may have occurred. it is not a drowning.
Not only to you but also to us.
The school on this occasion also awarded certificates to these students who have brought the name of the school and at the same time the students enriched the event by taking part in songs. , dance and other activities to entertain and celebrate with the children on this day which is also the day of victory for the school as a whole.
As part of the celebration, there will be Beauty Pageants in which women from the state can take part.
In the 6th minute, Syndai opened the scoring through Poibiang Pohshna and in the 43rd minute, Nongtyngur FC turned the tide.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 63745 out of which 56933 have recovered and 1062 have died.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday handed over the operation of Waste Collection Electric Vehicles for the use of the Block of East Jaintia Hills. Hills, East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
Dkhar and Khyllahjait married women and their descendants known as “khiahshipun” are deeply saddened by the KHADC's introduction of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 3 (b) .
“You can go to the Block offices or nearest CHC/PHC to link your MHIS to your Aadhaar card,” said the statement.
Therefore, to get a bright and shiny face, to use a round cover, is the best.
The training was conducted by the JSSEE with the financial assistance of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, West Jaintia Hills District through the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS).
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Five Congress MLAs have been suspended by the AICC after the MPCC sent a report for not supporting the MDA government. Before the 2023 MLA election, two candidates will join the United Democratic Party (UDP) and two candidates will join the National People's Party (NPP) while one will remain. I have been with the Congress until now.
It is learned that the body of the youth, is from Umden area, where he works at a Yummy factory, which is located at 10mer and sahwai near the place where he works. From that place, from that place, the body was found, drug injection needles and umsoh were found.
Himanta admitted that Dr Mukul Sangma will win the 2018 elections and this has been expressed by the people of Garo Hills.
“It is the duty of both the states to ensure the peace and order of the border people, which has been agreed since 2010-2011,” he said.
(You can discuss further and give feedback to the author in his email.
The date of Caesar's assassination was the 15th of October and was known as the Ides of March.
The Congress has said that Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma cannot blame the NPP-led Meghalaya government for not fulfilling its promises. The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) has a major role in forming the government in Meghalaya and is also part of the same government.
“I would like to inform you that the checkgates for checking foreign vehicles have been leased to Eddy Stone Shylla for three years from 25th April 2018 along with the rules and regulations. signed that he will charge T.200 tyngka per vehicle to seize these vehicles to check their documents.
On the other hand, the DC's office has no record of the number of people who have been released as this was done in the District Court.
But there is another good news that our God, if we turn to Him even in the moment of our death, He can still forgive us, as He has forgiven us. God, if we turn to Him, still accepts us, as a father accepts the prodigal son, the Word of God says, “If my people , who are called by my name, let them humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive Jeremiah 29:12-13 says, “And ye shall call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hear you.
“Don't close your eyes and don't shut your ears because it is the presence of those like you who make us happy as a nation.
At the rally, the people carried flags to show their protest.
Besides, I'm still lacking in all aspects and I'm against it, these new initiatives/policies/developments we're against.
"The world was shocked on Saturday after graphic images and photographs spread of the sudden attack by the Palestinian group Hamas on Israel.
Deisakiru Nanghuloo scored the first goal of the match in the 50th minute.
“We will hold a farmers' dorbar bah every year and this is the first time but next year it will be better where farmers from Garo Hills will also be invited,” he said.
In a statement, NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said, “It has been more than a year since we received our scholarship.
Boresh Sangma, 38, of Bul Awe village in Baghmara and Rankhu Momin, 49, of Bolsal Ading in Baghmara are the two arrested today.
After a short break, the celebration will resume with a Gospel Concert on Tuesday 24 November at 1:00 pm.
The group has won the Best Asian Artist award for the sixth time and has also won the Song of the Year by Download (Asia), Music Video of the Year (Asia) and Best 3 Albums (Asia).
Sawmer scored the first goal of the match through Rheadulf Nongneng in the 67th minute.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia has urged the Minister of Home Affairs who is also the MLA of Lahkmen Rymbui to provide an ambulance to Amlarem Sub Division as there is no ambulance in the area.
The chief guest was Shri MB Tongper, ADC East Khasi Hills District and the chief guest was Meena Kharkongor.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The HITO Ribhoi District has lodged a complaint with the EM of Elaka, Bah PN Syiem regarding the findings through RTI that the Syiem of Raid Marwet since 2011 has issued Pata and More than 1000 NOCs to foreigners to build houses and do other works.
Heavy rains in the Dima Hasao area have caused landslides, damage to roads, railway bridges and flooding of railway tracks which has affected the lives of people.
Being a journalist is not only for men, but it can also be for women, even if they are the youngest.
When he returned to the cave, he was filled with a smile because he knew that his friend would die and eat the bread.
“Democracy and the country are now in the midst of danger.
The JSU requests the State Government as well as the Central Government to immediately repair the NH 6 and NH 40 E for the safety of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 21: More than 1,000 people took part in the Shillong Run 2016 organized by the Agency for Sustainable Development Initiatives of the KJP Western Synod to raise funds for the schools established by the Synod. for children with disabilities, Mairang Vidyojyoti Inclusive School, Sanshong, Rev. Amirkha School for Disabled and Rev. S Wollington Children's Home, Nongpyndeng.
Meanwhile, Bah Titosstar Well Chyne said that in fact the government had promised earlier to implement the factory but it could not happen.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 70 lakh today with 73,272 new cases and 926 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The Athletics Federation of India (ATF) has appointed Bah Finely as the leader of the team.
Arthritis plays an important role in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, type-1 diabetes and high blood pressure, which are common during the rainy season including in the UK. New cases of type-1 diabetes are highest in July, June and October.
Thus, it can be said that the Khasi language has gender determined articles.
Furthermore, these students said that along with their studies at the university, they have applied and applied for jobs, but they have not received them, because since the implementation of the Roster System, they have not been called for the interview. , because there is no space left.
“According to the media, these reports will be made public until the two Chief Ministers of the two states meet with the Chief Ministers,” she said.
However, the union demands that the implementation of the roster system should be from previous years, especially for those ethnic groups who are unemployed and to recognize justice and to promote equality and inclusion.
The recitation competition was divided into two parts in Khasi and English.
He has 8 children, 6 of whom are married after sending all their children to school until matriculation and class XII. while one Son remained with his mother.
Only Christians will be saved when God comes to save them.
He said that it has been suggested to the Minister to ban vehicles from Assam and other states from traveling around but to set up a parking lot to drop off the tourists and they will take back the vehicles. Vehicles from this state to visit tourist attractions across the state.
“Even at this juncture, the decision to suspend or not to implement the road has to be taken after the public opinion and as the JAC we demand that the government should hold a Public Hearing,” he said. Sohlang said that the JAC will stand firm on the ground that no matter what the road is, it should not be lost.
Mumbai Police, after receiving information that some people had threatened to kill Salman again, immediately sent a Look Out Circular (LOC) and found the person involved in sending the death threat.
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a complaint against ABG Shipyard Ltd and its directors, including its chief executive officer Rishi Kamlesh Agarwal, for allegedly stealing ABG Shipyard Ltd. India's largest money laundering.
The residents of these districts have had to use boats to cross the river, which puts them in great danger especially during the rainy season.
He said that the remaining work of 2 units of the 4th Grade Quarter worth T.4,28,200 tyngka is yet to be completed.
The complaint was lodged by Nurul Islam, one of the owners of the land against GHADC employee Rashidur Islam at Phulbari Police Station.
On the other hand, the Muktiar of the village said that the state government has announced the vacancy of Assistant Teacher at Government Lower Primary School where two posts have been allocated for those with disabilities. Locomotor.
“Mother's milk is the most precious gift of God to children,” said Kong Roshan.
Besides Bah T.Lyngwa IAS Deputy Commissioner South West Khasi Hills District, other government officials from the district as well as the public were also present.
The State Government has issued an order from 18th October 2020 to send Inspectors of the Taxation Department to be present at all the wieghbridges and these government officials have collected illegal money from all the wieghbridges. truck kitmar including those carrying food and beverages.
The notice was sent by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bah FR Kharkongor to the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (MPC) saying that the party has violated Section 126 (1) (b) of the Representation of People Act, by posting an appeal to vote for the TMC on the Meghalaya Deserves Better Facebook page and Instagram at 10:17 pm on 25th June or 10:17 pm on 25th June.
Shillong Lajong FC drew 1-1 in the last minute with a goal from Daniel Goncalves against Rajasthan United in Hyderabad on Sunday.
Bah Paul said that the implementation of the Building Bye Laws by the District Council is to curb the construction of houses especially at this time when the tourism industry is increasing rapidly.
Paila said that even if he resigns from the post of President of the BJP, he will continue to serve the people in the political field and will continue to work hard to find ways and means. How to improve the quality of life in all aspects especially in the 2nd Jowai Constituency.
“Here we will put all the detailed information especially regarding the heroes, soldiers of Khasi Hills and various Himas during the war in ancient times.
However, on that step, Boro was caught in the hands of the robbers.
It is to be recalled that the confirmation of Covid-19 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital was after a BSF soldier came for treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 2nd November 2020 and tested negative. so he was treated in public places.
Bah Bring alleged that the words kakaw-kaw and kynwit are easy to understand and there is no need to change or suggest anything else and the plaintiff has misled the House.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The General Observer in charge of 1-Nartiang, 3-Raliang and 4-Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituencies, Madhvi Kataria, IAS today visited the training centers for government employees. who shall be the conductors of the election on the polling day to be held on
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) will not allow the revival of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) GNLA) in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya government has appointed a High Level Inquiry Committee (HLIC) headed by the Commissioner & Secretary Social Welfare MHK Marak to investigate the torture of 12 women in Meghalaya. Tura to those who are not members of the Sengbhalang on charges of committing crimes.
PDA leader James Ban Basaiawmoit has appealed to the court this morning and the court has ruled that the state government, KHADC and the Protem Chairman should respond within 10 days.
At the time of India's independence, the Khasi State signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA & AA) to join India. they fell into India.
Today, in memory of her passing away on the 10th October 2021, a 10 minute silence was held before the meeting.
(PRO- CD&HG).
Lambokstarwell slammed the state government and asked the state government not to spend billions of rupees to hold any festival. The Government does not have the money and asks for an answer from the Government on this.
The Prime Minister also stressed the need for proper training of government officials to ensure the successful and efficient management of their work.
The PDF on Tuesday held a meeting of the CEC to discuss many issues, but declined to comment on the decision taken at the meeting, especially on the message to attend. The National People's Party (NPP).
However, for us, this is not a big task, our biggest task is to restructure the working methods of the GHADC which has been in the midst of a lot of turmoil,” said Conrad.
The rule of law is not a matter for us to do or to ignore.
I said that it is a shame for the state and the nation to have a Khalai Act.
“It is for this reason that we have conducted various programs for the youth of the state so that their aspirations and ideas will not be wasted,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government will start improving the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil this year to improve traffic flow from Umshyrpi to 7th Mer. Upper Shillong.
“The CBI investigation into this incident will take years.
JSU President Jersom Shylla said that the JSU will cooperate with any political party that comes forward to demand the ILP and the party is ready to come forward for the cause of the people and the party. They demanded that the Central Government should exempt the entire state from the CAA as at present the CAA is still affecting the state as there are areas which do not fall under the schedule area.
Various political parties in Garo Hills met at Chisobibra near Williamnagar on Tuesday and agreed to form a coalition of political parties to oppose the bill. the Government of India.
The KSU said that Tihwieh is about 10 kilometers from the border and how can the government check the entry and exit of the state residents at such a distance from the border.
What are they doing? They made the tomb secure, the stone rolled away, and the guards were there.
These are going hand in hand so that before improving the schools, first provide the teachers so that once they are complete, education will improve in the state as the state was known in the past as a state with a good education. intelligent".
Mizoram, which increased its income by 7.9 per cent; Meghalaya, on the other hand, has the lowest income decline at 2 percent.
He said that the UDP has moved forward to unite the national parties, where the Mawphalng mid-term election will be the semifinal and the national party will reach the final in
He also alleged that there is a conspiracy behind the central government to forcefully introduce Hindi in Meghalaya.
Guwahati: Two members of the Bajrang Dal have been arrested on Saturday night for disrupting the Christmas service of the Presbyterian Church in Silchar at 10 pm.
In terms of cleanliness, although there are many, I would like to mention a few areas: (i) To be holy people.
However, out of the T.55 crore allocated by the CM, only T.25 crore has been raised for the construction of these Residential Schools. about 4 or 5 years to date.
However, Bah Warlarpih urged and requested that as meat vendors, they should put the meat in more suitable places so that it will be free from any pum pum, traffic jam and others.
Bah Jambor said that this order is not new, but it is just a reminder to those people that if the village headmen are involved in political affairs, it can affect the development works in the villages. village that thaw.
I don't know where they fled.
According to the RWDO leaders, Bangladeshis have been smuggling into the area from time to time and threatening to kill the farmers with knives if they stop them from logging.
Meanwhile, Bah Egenstar said that he joined the UDP not for any pressure or for any benefit, but he joined with a happy heart to serve.
The bus which started running from Umpling today has stopped to pick up and drop off school children at 12 places. Law U Sib), Demthring Bus Stop, Nongkhyriem, Nongthymmai, Jylli Shop, Fire Brigade, and Pine Mount Back Gate.
'Make full-time employees", "We will fight till the end", "Not looking back", are some of the slogans pasted on the placards.
“Therefore, because these two times they have appeared in Mawphor, I am still hoping that it will appear again in Mawphor, but it has been 10 months since it appeared. Shillong Times quoted Dr Ricky Synkon as saying that he is not sure what to do.
The statement also announced that from now on, the Dorbar Shnong will not allow anyone to enter the Nongtrai Lime Stone Mines without the permission of the Rangbah Shnong or the Secretary of the Village.
They also discussed education, health, employment and the participation of people with disabilities in politics.
“We also say that we will lead the government in 2023 and we will be able to form the government alone,” he added.
Noting that the issue of illegal entry of foreigners is another issue, the Leader of the Opposition said that there are reports that the people have seen Rohingya in Shillong.
According to the CRPF, Stoney Haven is not only a showcase of musical talent but also a celebration of the strength and determination of women.
“I don't want the Myntdu River to be like the Umkhrah River which has turned into a canal into which all the garbage of Shillong has flowed,” said Bah AL Hek.
He said that there has been an arrangement to give 60% to the District Council and 40% to the Town Dorbar of Mylliem Hima.
In a statement, the Syiem of Hima Myriaw, BK Syiem, said that the Hima has received information that a person named HF Marngar has called a Hima Dorbar at Sohwanthiang at the house of H Samuel Marngar on the 3rd of this month. 2014 without the permission of the Syiem and the Hima Dorbar Myriaw which is against the customs and traditions of the Hima.
He said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that to remove the GVK immediately is not possible but they will have to give them another 15 days and 60 days and after that they will be able to remove it accordingly. The soskular if they dismiss GVK, but the minister said that if they dismiss the company, all the employees will be dismissed.
Although the journalists tried to talk to these doctors who stopped working and closed down at about 10 pm, but they refused to talk and according to the information received, it was alleged that Another group of Challans and other documents have tried to break through the gate which has been appointed by the Veterinary Department to check the Challans and other documents. leaves.
Rashid has now overtaken Sri Lanka's Wanindu Hasaranga to top the table.
“Sikkim, which is well known as one of the tourist destinations in India and the world, has a Restricted Area Permit (which is like ILP) and also a Protected Area Permit. The tourism industry has not declined but is still growing.
On the 26th July, there was another stir and there were table fights and handshakes between the CEM and the opposition, in which the opposition left the House immediately and this caused the CEM to leave the House. The Speaker of the House, Teilinia Thangkhiew, did not attend the meeting and the Deputy Chairman of the KHADC, Pyniid Sing Syiem, conducted the meeting.
Shillong: KSU Namdong Unit led by Samla Chanbor War and Nartiang Unit President Samla Rangbah Habanjop Raliang today met with the Superintendent Engineer of Meghalaya Energy Cooperation. Jowai District Jowai, where they requested to install a 33KV sub-station in Namdong area.
At present, the talks between the UDP especially Bah HS Shylla and the CEM have started in which Bah Pynshngain has alleged that the UDP intends to overthrow the EC in collaboration with the Congress.
Especially women will no longer be comfortable driving at night to meet their needs.
Let us pray that God will guide them in the right path.
Others such as the residence of the Lamphang, staff and other requirements will be done in the second phase.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 5,48,318 with 2,10,120 still undergoing treatment, 3,21,722 recovered and 16,475 deaths. The number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 19,4
He said that he is pleased if industries and factories come but the people should not suffer, because in order to live together but as of now there are villages where they cannot even sleep. This is also one of the things that we have to think carefully as leaders and this is also the mistake of the government especially on the part of the government including the UDP and NPP and those who hold the The factories belong to the NPP party and they themselves just to get money for their jobs, they just release trouble without thinking about the health and welfare of the people.
“With the support of the Assam Regimental Centre, we hope that Meghalaya will be able to perform well in the North East Olympic Games,” he said.
Ayman Safadi told al-Mamlaka TV that the war had brought the region to its worst crisis.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the state government has agreed to extend the curfew after 3rd June 2020, although he has suggested to tighten the rules in the areas. , who are not affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Many of the residents said that on their part, they have appealed to the Nongmihkhmat from time to time, to urge the government to help improve the roads, so that the residents can but the government's answer is that it doesn't have the money.
Cachar police have arrested three persons in connection with the incident.
Use of PA Systems/Loud Speakers without permission will be confiscated immediately by the district authorities.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Kerlin Secondary School beat Lyngdoh Wanniang Secondary School and Rangthong Christian Higher School beat Horirai Memo Higher Secondary School 2-0 Wanteibiang Thongni scored the second goal in the 3rd minute and Banjiedbor Shangdiar in the 24th minute.
“The only thing I want to say is that we hope that the talks will go smoothly and fruitfully.
In the development works, if those who oppose them do or build, they don't hesitate to help while in the works done by the supporters of the MLA, they donate lakhs and crores.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18 : The Chief Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he will soon convene a meeting of the National Executive to start the invitation for applications for the candidates. “I will take this to the National Executive meeting to direct all the states to start calling for applications from those candidates who wish to contest this election. Lok Sabha elections and after that the party will decide,” he said.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Mawhati Charles Marngar on the harassment of the people especially in the areas where there is a border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, Sangma said the State Government has The Police Department has been strengthened especially by setting up Border Outposts and the number of staff in the old Border Outposts has been increased and many new Border Outposts have been established to ensure security. the joy of the people at the border.
In connection with the seizure of Ganja, police are conducting a thorough investigation to find others involved in the smuggling of Ganja.
Nongpoh: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today inaugurated the Nar Bridge at Dwar Ksuid, Umroi, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the youths said that since the implementation of the E-Stamp, they have faced problems due to the lack of places to sell the E-Stamp. to set up more places so that it will not disadvantage students who apply for scholarships.
The members also allowed the Rangbah Shnong of Sabahmuswang and the owners of the land who have donated the land for the construction of this residential school to express their concerns and on any issues. related to this school and on its operation.
The world's GDP will shrink by 4.4 percent this year and rise to 5.2 percent in 2021, the IMF said. Bangladesh has grown by 9.1 percent per annum in the past three years, while India has grown by 3.2 percent in the same period. year.
Besides, Bah Marngar said that the recruitment process for Group B and C is conducted by HLL through CBT mode.
The Babylonians recorded the custom of celebrating the twelve-day New Year known as the Akitu Festival.
At the same time, the union wants the government to release the relief to those who have been affected in the past years along with the relief to those who have been affected this year.
Shillong Commerce College and Shillong Commerce College have won the Inter College Football Tournament organized by NEHU. Football Tournament was held at the SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
Sukkynjai said that on the 5th of this month, members of the KSU, HNYF and Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) visited Rhongkong village to send The signboard has been erected by the government authorities from 150 yards of the International Border.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of Angelina Riazida Lyngdoh.
Bah David Laitphlang, Vice-President of Laban Sports Club, expressed his pride for the club which has been a light for the youth in the state. support since they started this group.
Therefore, if anyone knows, neighbors or family members of the deceased, please inform so that he can be released from MIMHANS. , 160 cm tall, long and short hair, 40-50 years old and suspected to be of Garo ethnicity.
This includes EGH: 08 (Others), EJH: 21 (Others), EKH: 429 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –09, Others–420), NGH: 18 (Others), RBD: 59 (Others), SWGH : 07 (Others), SWKH: 05 (Others), WGH: 23 (Others), WJH: 18 (Others) and WKH: 09 (Others).
To establish a special day for the Youth Organizations of the Village from now on which shall be known as the Youth Organizations Day.
Furthermore, they said that in this election which they have already prepared, it is very peaceful because each political party has shown its own paid.
When the king and his nobles went to Nabab, they confirmed their oath before the witnesses and the nobles on both sides. and they weighed unto him a penny.
They also questioned whether the law applies only to the children and why the police have arrested Bah Lar Bareh to investigate the truth, because according to the statement of the family members of these 6 Two of the workers who died in the incident, said that the pardewiong belonged to Bah Lar Bareh and was operated by Bah Bison Bareh and Bah Tiewli Shadap. They also said that if the Minister of Home Affairs is brave, as he has said, he should arrest all those involved in this. The death of these foreigners in this area in East Jaintia Hill, shows clearly that there is illegal mining.
The ceremony was held at the Shnat Niam Laitumkhrah Mane Bah and was attended by the people of God and the religious leaders of the Shillong Diocese.
“Out of the 22 lakh children, the implementation of Aadhaar for 19 lakh children has progressed,” he said.
Shillong: The Enforcement Wing of Khasi Hills Autonomous District under the leadership of SP A. Lanong today raided the license of foreigners who are stationed in Anjalee, Motphran and other areas. Bimola and others.
Therefore, we will invite all MDA members, all political parties, all political parties from different regions and other important groups including religious leaders,” he said.
Mukhla Nongrim wishes Manbha Lyndgoh in charge of the relief camp in this area and Maharaj a healthy body and to be able to continue to provide such aid to them. people who are poor and needy.
The HNLC has made it clear that it will stand firm to protect the rights of the people who are starving and dying in these days.
The ethnic groups living in these states are not only one group or ethnic group but there are many ethnic groups for example in Assam there are Assamese, Rabha, Bodo, Adivasi, Karbi, Boro and others. others but the central language recognized as the official language is Assamese and in education from primary schools it is used for teaching and writing and reading.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD in the presence of Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor constituency on Friday inspected the two-lane road, Ranikor-Nongjri Maheshkhola.
“I don't know why until I got the opportunity to buy this car, it was from wealth but not from stealing, from eating from others, from stealing, but from “It's a treasure that God has blessed my family,” said Bah Dasakhiat.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The State Government has allocated 50 acres of land in New Shillong Township for the construction of the Shillong Medical College, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. James K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in reply to the House on Tuesday.
The MLAs of Jaintia Hills District have unanimously protested against the decision of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) and MeECL to award the #MyntduLeshka Hydroelectric Project to private companies. Government Department from outside the State to provide electricity throughout Jaintia Hills.
Imphal, Nailar 6 : Manipur Police have seized 1195 rounds of ammunition and 14332 rounds of ammunition in raids conducted in bloodshed areas in different districts of Manipur.
He said that the association has requested the government for the past three months to find a way for them to continue their work but to no avail.
Remember that the quarantine center is not a place to play games, to live happily ever after, and this is not a time to become rich, but a place to play games. It is time to work together with the poor and the rich to overcome this terrible disease.
In the areas before it reaches the market, this variety is a source of income for the farmers and they also like to cultivate and sell Sohphlang themselves because it is cheaper.
The match was very close, but Kumar managed to win.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Land Protection Cell of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should immediately cancel the notification of Block I and Block II will be handed over to the Mikir Hills Administration.
He gave the example of the Myntdu-Leska Hydel Power Project which has been allocated T.300 crore but now it has increased to T.1300 crore while the electricity has not been received yet.
This year, the state government has also declared a war against drugs in which it has sought the cooperation of church leaders and village authorities through the DREAM Project.
When asked whether he has decided to contest from the Congress party in 2018, Rapsang said, “Until now I am a Congressman, but I don't know politics and politics can change. at any time too" he replied.
He said that this government has not done anything on this issue and this has led to confusion, confusion and suicide.
This was followed by the 2023 MLA elections.
She also urged to stop the construction of the shlem of the Assam Forest Department at Nongwah Mawtamur and especially to send patrol police to avoid any incident like what happened at Mukroh village in these days. the last few months.
If any tragic incident happens in this area, because as it is now, it is very difficult to work from side to side of the road due to the lack of space to work from side to side in this area, especially for children. The questions were raised at the meeting held today at 20Mer.
Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, said the formation of the UPF is to strengthen the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma until the end of the term.
According to a statement issued by the Government, these villages have been selected in the first phase of the implementation of the MRRSA, 2016 in the State.
“Speaking after the game, the winners expressed their gratitude for winning the medal even though it is still a game they have just started and they thanked especially the coach who has been able to to lead them to this rank and glory.
We believe that the nation is in the darkness because we are not great now but we are only thinking about the greatness of our ancestors.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Two GNLA members, Goera D Sangma, 27, and Sengsal R Marak, 22, have been arrested by Tura Police today. year.
We have been traveling the world for years now for research and filming.
The life of man is full of trials in all respects, they are struggling from right to left, but to the brave, he overcomes all the troubles, he leaves behind them, accepts and endures those difficulties that come before him in his life, he fights gradually until he becomes a winner in life.
Khliehriat, March 03: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Tuesday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
The tournament, which started on 30th October with the participation of 28 schools, ended today with the finals of football and march past. at the football ground of Marbaniang Village, Upper Shillong.
How can we fight against the issues of the nation when we are still fighting against our fellow citizens and leaders?
When they left the police station, they struggled all night to search for these two children, but until this morning at about 8 pm, the family members found the bodies of these two children. They are from the Lawkati forest in this village.
The main objective of the Mission is the Integrated Command and Control Centers (ICCCs) operating in all 100 Smart Cities.
On the allegation by the All India Training Congress (NPP), the NPP-led MDA Government has taken an urgent decision to sign a social Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to end the conflict in six places. “Dr Mukul's attempt to resolve the border issue has not succeeded,” he said.
To understand whether you are deficient in folic acid, it is important to understand the symptoms of your body.
The KSU has expressed its surprise that Star Cement has received the clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change even after three public hearings have failed after many churches have opposed it. various civil society organizations and local people.
Tein said the HSPDP also has the same share of four EMs and the KHNAM three EMs.
The real reason why they did not register will be known after receiving the report from Garo Hills, he said.
“The High Level Committee has looked into this matter and we hope that it will be able to bring back the soh soon.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Northern Border Area, today visited the home of Kong Shwe Lapang and Bah Tes Lyngdoh, which was burnt down in a sudden fire on Tuesday.
“There are some organizations which are over 15 to 20 years old, but have not received any assistance from the government and the education department of the state government,” said the statement, signed by Bah P Rani Chairman. and Dr S Khongthohrem, Secretary, Seng Khasi Forum.
Others who attended the opening ceremony were MDCs, DC and SP, District Chief Engineer PHE CR Challam, EE PHE Electrical Paul Synnah who conducted the opening ceremony.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has been monitoring from time to time the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and is still waiting. The response of the Government of India on this issue.
Pradyut Bordoloi urged all the members to fight hard to demand and discuss the issues in Manipur.
He said the party cannot tolerate this insult by the government to the land owner contractors especially when the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has said that this project will also help in creating jobs for the youth.
The program will be held at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Mawkhar with the participation of the relatives of those who have escaped from drugs and crime.
However, the problem was resolved after Bah He Khongkhlad and Bah Amos Wahlang, who owned a JCB, came to help clean up the landslide.
Diana said she waited all night to take the beautiful pictures, but she was lucky enough to get them early in the morning in a forest in Bourne. Lincolnshire of London.
Thousands of people of Garo Hills have flocked to the funeral home of Purno A Sangma at Walbakgre.
Myllung Soso Tham is a teacher, who has taught not only in schools but also to the country and the nation on manners and how to reach the top of the mountains,” he said. .
He said the Indian government's approach to introducing the bill was beyond his expectations.
Therefore, when the Khasi father and Dkhar mother have children, they are the first to tipkur tipkha with respect to the meikha according to the Khasi customs and traditions.
There was a strong condemnation with the carrying of placards and flags to condemn the bloodthirsty people who took the life of this man.
Paisal Ali scored 3/5 from 3 overs, while Aristo R Marak scored 2/9, Gulgul Sangma (2/17) and Bilgrak G Sangma (2/1 ).
Then the bomb exploded.
Congratulating the football team for winning the Khelo India Youth Games, the Chief Minister said that the team has made the state proud and added, “They have been the winners and this is the talent we have and what we can achieve if we focus and trust ourselves,” Sangma concluded.
The CEM of KHADC said that the Executive Committee (EC) recently visited the Khasi-Pnars living in Block II and found that there are 23 Khasi villages. -Escape.
The salary cut of teachers, the shooting of teachers, the corruption in electricity and ration, the loss of scholarships for students, the lack of health facilities and the backwardness of the state are all due to the VPP. "I'm sorry," he said firmly.
It helps me to reach the Dorbar on time and I urge other MDCs and employees of KHADC to find ways how to use arshaka instead of heavy vehicles to avoid traffic jam,” he said. bah Guide.
Regarding this issue, the MLA has taken the decision to upgrade the Sub Center to PHC and it will soon be built on an area of ​​more than 3 acres in the village.
The STAR Talent Identification Program was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government under the supervision of Edge10-Sportality. .
However, it was found that after the cleanliness drive, after a few days, various posters were placed on the roadsides.
He was Assistant Parish Priest of the Parish of Santa Maria Consenza, Italy, for more than three years and in 2015 he had to return to his home Diocese to take over as Parish Priest of the Parish. he was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoin.
He said that Balkarin's health was deteriorating but he stood firm to fight until he shed his blood for the rights and shares of the Garo people.
We have seen how the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has been able to curb any violence when the President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, sat down near the Secretariat in these days. few months ago.
Regarding the request to allow the One Time Settlement, the government will consider this.
Village Authorities and Village Secretaries cannot be dealers.
Therefore, as Concerned Citizens, we have to complain and ask for more clarification from the following: Na,Hmmmm, this is a bad thing.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 20: The District Magistrate (DM) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, today announced that there are places in the district which used to be the centers of drug trafficking, drug abuse and other illegal activities. which pose a threat and anxiety to visitors and residents.
On the same day, Putin expressed his satisfaction with the visit of the North Korean leader to support Russia in its activities and decisions and also welcomed the North Korean leader. North Korean President Vladimir Putin has expressed his gratitude and appreciation for the leader's willingness to support Russia in such a spectacle. time when most other countries backed off and left Russia.
Therefore, as teachers and students, we request the government and district authorities to cooperate from all sides to eradicate alcohol abuse. In all aspects, this will greatly contribute to the goal of eradicating the use of alcoholic beverages whether it is any kind of alcoholic beverages that affect the health of the person, they added.
In the 85 kg category, Kishore Chettri won the first prize and Everson Thangkhiew won the second prize.
Himalaya Shangpliang, who followed Dr Mukul Sangma to join the Trinamool Congress, recently resigned from the post of MLA and joined the BJP along with Benedict Marak in New Delhi last month.
Shillong, Lber, 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has extended its support to the National People's Party (NPP) after the end of the Assembly elections in Meghalaya to form the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) Government. The UDP in Pynursla Constituency has been severely affected.
The Khasi language has been the language of instruction in schools up to Middle English or Class VI and has also received the status of examination language up to Class VI since
He said that the accommodation of the staff is not enough, the water is not enough and this has caused a lot of problems to the staff and the public who come for treatment.
The kenotic ethic is the philosophy of Jesus Christ which speaks of a spirit of compassion that accepts or understands the problems and needs of others.
I am glad that I have learned what I did not know.
Expressing his appreciation for the backwardness of the area in these years, Bah Martle said that in the last 10 years since he became the leader, if we talk about the roads, it has improved.
The body of Heibormi was brought to Shillong on July 7 after the post mortem.
Some have sympathized with Ashten's death and others have criticized her for not doing what God has created her to be and wants to follow like Kim and is like this now.
Meanwhile, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that he has registered a case against the suspect according to the order of the High Court.
Shillong, November 22: After 40 years of existence, the Shillong Press Club, today inaugurated its fully functioning Shlem, when the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, inaugurated the office located at the headquarters of the Directorate of Information and Public Relations.
The DC has also issued an order that those who have not yet been injected and work in shops, commercial vehicles and other workplaces should test themselves every 10 days to ensure that they are free from the virus. pain.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh, has expressed its concern over the proposal to set up a market in Mawroh Forest.
Shillong: The election committee of the National People's Party (NPP) will meet in New Delhi today and it is understood that the party will announce its candidates for the Lok Sabha elections in Tura. in the mid-term elections from Selsella and others who will contest in the first phase, which will be held on 11th June
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrak K. Sangma together with the Chief Secretary in charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong, will visit Maweit on 30th November 2022 for the to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the 23 kilometer Nongstoiñ-Maweit road at a cost of Rs 98 crore.
If we compare the environmental speech of the Prime Minister in July 2018 with what happened in July 2020, it is completely different.
Speaking as the chief guest at a seminar on '25 Years of Trade Change in India and its Impact on North East India', he said it is essential to create jobs. to the youth of this North East.
Referring to the struggle between the parties within the government, Pangniang said that although they are within the government, the principles on which it stands are not the same.
However, according to the Succession to Syiemships in the Khasi States, Capt.
Several months ago, we noticed that there were children who were using these buses.
Regarding these problems faced by the people of the state from time to time, the Meghalaya government should take action and not be left behind by the Assam government.
“It is not necessary for the Judicial Traditional Court to hear the case,” said John F Kharshiing.
The President of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the police should be vigilant at the borders against the entry of foreigners, as they prevent the people from protesting for justice.
At the same time, Kong Umwi said that the employees have demanded that Tymmenbasn Khrang Lyngkhoi and Pastor GS Lyttan should be removed from the Management Committee of the hospital. he went to the hospital.
Thousands of people will come on the 30th to support the Rangbah Shnongs who have been dismissed till today.
He said the Council has directed the Syiem to bring the documents relating to banks, financial transactions and other documents at the next hearing.
He said that the union urges the district administration to take immediate action on this issue as it has affected the poor people due to the price of food items by the enemy distributors who violate the National Food Security rules. Act 2013.
(2) There are 5 supply lines in Bilat.
In 1986, the Government had to suspend the implementation of the job quota in relation to jobs requiring special skills, such as engineering and others.
Jambor said that as it started from Iewduh, the Council wants to extend this decision to all the markets within the KHADC boundary. “The closure will start from 23rd November and the Hima Sohra will implement this order especially since there is a Market Committee,” he said.
He was charged under Section 471 IPC (use of forged documents).
This was announced by Bah Bony Jyrwa who leads the group and this action of the group, has shocked the people especially the leaders, because such a thing has never happened before and it has been a first time in the region.
Children under 16 and 12 years from all over Umsning district came to take part in this competition.
Other states have been slower for women to hold this powerful and responsible position.
Parts of the Khasi Hills have already registered but are not yet complete, especially the West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District where the registration is only 78.21 out of 4 lakh beneficiaries.
Speaking after leaving the CEM's chamber, the Working President of the CORP, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, said that the meeting was pleasant as the CEM had promised to hold a meeting. trading license to this area.
Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem, in an interview with the media after visiting the family of Bah Roning on Sunday morning, said, “No matter what happens, we must take but the life of man is not the right way.
He said that after the arrest of these illegal hunters, the relevant authorities will conduct a thorough investigation and especially on the killing of the Skei.
Sudhir Sahani and Nirdesh-Baisoya This is Meghalaya's highest score in the Ranji Trophy.
“After the polling, the ballot box was placed in a safe place inside the Legislative Assembly and on the day of the polling station. Secondly, the meeting will be taken to Delhi and the counting of votes will be held on the 22nd of this month”.
The top four will compete for Miss India Earth 2019, Miss International 2019, Miss Multinational 2019 and Miss Teen India
She said that the Khasi have their own land tenure system which the central government should not interfere with.
Sikkim and Tripura have won the sixth and seventh positions respectively.
To gain glory and fame, man creates ways and means to acquire knowledge in order to acquire it.
This part of the ground has been covered with tarpaulin to protect it from the rain.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A 35-year-old man, Willander Lamare, has surrendered to the police on charges of involvement in the burning of a woman, Kong Anna Khongwar.
But I have never found any work in this world that is greater than farming.
She said she sold her Shynrai Lakadong for the manufacture of Ayurvedic Vedic medicines by MT Meru Medicine of California.
Before completing her MBA programme, she completed her Graduation in English Literature from Amity University.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 28 and 43 have recovered.
Shillong: The residents of Mawkajem village, Pynursla, have complained that the network of Jio and Airtel has been out of order for six months.
The NEC Secretary declined to criticize the performance of the North Eastern States by saying, “I will not name but all the states are not the same but fortunately there are and the new allocation does not come through. the State Treasury (or) the Finance Department of the Government, comes directly to the employers.
The youth has been charged under the provisions of the law.
In this regard, we would like to thank the Government of India for its support.
On the 52 Acts in the state, Bah Blah said that so far they have received 20 Acts.
“But as I said, we have given 4 seats to Garo Hills and 8 Ministerial seats to Khasi and Jaintia Hills. but we are still trying to provide for it.
Nongpoh, July 17: The Marwet Sohjer Committee (Marwet Sohjer Committee) has resumed the four-day Sohjer festival after three years. The Covid-19 outbreak held at Baridua Square has been suspended.
Here Ch is like Kh now, and y stands for the diphthong ai; and because at that time there was no n, he stood up for the n: because when we make the Khasi language line, we spell line, shine we spell shain, so if we spell Chyne the answer is Khain.
It was the custom of the Christian churches to honor only those who were dressed and dressed.
In the competition, the first prize was won by Syntung V.O Group, the second prize was won by Phim Dkhar and the third prize was won by Phim Dkhar. Sweety Mynsong is the best singer.
The 125th Anniversary of the school was celebrated by the students of the school.
He said that this shows contempt and violation of the rights of Jaintia Hills and affects the feelings of the people of Jaintia Hills.
Sarma said the man was also involved in the Muslim worship at Nizamuddin Markaz, which was held in October in Delhi.
There are 2 candidates in the Graduate Agriculture category from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 34 candidates remain unemployed till 31st November
Friends in the Lord!!!1) Do you still want fame or glory?2) Do you love yourself?3) Do you want what you don't deserve?God bless you,In the work of the Lord, .
For example, prayer for the sick will be meaningless unless the seriously ill receive adequate medical care.
The income tax for all citizens of India is enforced by the Central Government to pay income tax regardless of their occupation.
Jowai, March 11: The Kur Khonglah Pyllun Khasi & Jaintia Hills District (KHAP) has announced that it will hold a meeting of the Kur Khonglah Pyllun Khasi & Jaintia Hills District on the 21st March 2023 at 10:00 am. .
Shillong, March 05: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, today said that the implementation of the Smart City Project has progressed well in the State.
She said that peace and order has started to return to the state, but she doesn't know well in the market places because they stay in hostels and go to classes because they don't want to go out on the streets. .
However, the residents of Dawki, Lyngkhat border area are disappointed that there has been no intention to open a border market in this area which used to be a good market in the past. The India-Bangladesh war has become smaller, although there is still a market.
However, in response, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said the government is examining the matter and will soon appoint a chairman.
Khliehriat, June 6: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement, Narpuh Circle, Bah Pyndap Syiemlieh, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the increasing power shortage in the area. The rainfall and electricity supply have been cut off, which has affected the residents of the area especially the students.
Tengku M Marak alleged that about four persons started to attack a student with weapons while they were celebrating and alleged that they had no intention from the beginning to cause trouble during the Holi celebration. .
The death toll has risen to 3,865 in parts of Madrid, with 30,000 confirmed cases, putting pressure on hospitals and morgues. I'm sorry.
Referring to the political situation in these days, Leston said that the North East as it is now has nothing to do with itself and many have to wait for the central government from Delhi and when it comes. “We have seen that in Arunachal Pradesh, the Congress has been given the power to form a government from the court but look now where the plain has to go to the BJP. “It's because of the lack of self-sufficiency,” he said.
Although the family members did not think that Heimonmi Synnah would be able to go to school or write, through her hard work, she has made not only the family members but the whole village and the school.
We will work with the government,” she said.
The fact is that according to the 2020-2021 budget, the allocation for the State of Meghalaya to implement this food distribution scheme through the ICDS is Rs.
Jowai, Nailur 21: U Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council, today resigned from his post. Andrew Shullai, who has been elected as the new CEM of JHADC, has been elected as the new CEM of JHADC. However, the Speaker of the Council, Ma Arbor Hima Darnei, may hold a temporary meeting and will postpone, by fixing another day, to elect U. The new CEM of the Council.
Among other things, Liezietus said the main goal of the NPF is to bring in a corruption-free government, and to bring in a government that can provide governance. for the benefit of the people of the state.
The injured youth was rushed to Civil Hospital Nongpoh and later taken to Shillong for further treatment.
“We demand that the government should not suspend this government officer.
At 11.45 pm, the Lamphang resumed the dorbar and the opposition did not allow the dorbar to proceed and they stood up to demand that the ILP should be allowed to be discussed. .It was at this point that Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who had not said anything before the Lamphang forcibly adjourned the dorbar, stood up from his seat and said that he is ready to withdraw the resolution. and urged the Lamphang to accept the adjournment motion to discuss the ILP.
A beautiful child, full of beauty, her appearance was like an oh, and she was full of body from head to toe.
The Shylla Kurs have been in the Jaintia Hills and the Shella area, as well as the Sutnga and Shullai Kurs have been in the Nongskhen area since ancient times.
It is learned that during his tenure between 2010 and 2017, he was involved in ordering the cashiers to issue 106 bills for the salary. It has reached T.1.81 crore.
After the match resumed with about 8 minutes left, Jaden and Jack both started the match better and after a while the car came out again. and remained 10 minutes in time and the match was over.
The DC said that through the Block, there are many government schemes for the poor households, for the day labourers, people who do not have enough income.
The company has also sent letters to those who wish to receive the money to know which vehicles have been damaged in each part of the Fast and Furious and those who can answer correctly will get the money.
According to information received, these four villages do not fall under the CCIB, but they have their own committee. The Dorbar Shnongs have not yet taken responsibility for the signboard. It has been learned that the four Dorbar Shnongs have now accepted the signboard.
Nongpoh: U Bah Marcus Marten, Vice-President of the HNYF Sengkmie, today said that theft and misuse of money should not be released. , said that the HNYF fully supports and welcomes Bah Sadon K.Blah, President of the HNYF, to take part as a Ksiang to bring about the peace talks between the government and the HNYF. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : The FIFA World Cup 2022 will kick off on Sunday against Qatar, the host of the World Cup. They will face Ecuador at 9:30 pm at the Al Bayt Stadium in Al Khor, Qatar.
Pronoun- Tiennam Tienjer: a pronoun that takes the place of a pronoun.
He said that the state government is committed to increasing the number of health centers in the state, so that it will be of benefit to the people of the state as a whole and especially to the people of the state. such as these types of health centers, which are similar to traditional health centers.
It started producing dewbilat for the first time on 15th November 1966, with a production capacity of 250 MT per day.
They include Defense Minister Roshan Warjri, Land Minister Rowel Lyngdoh, Fire Minister Clement Marak and Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a short speech by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh (Congress), said that Phutsyngkai village, which is 100 feet away from the place where there is a top uranium waste deposit, is the village with the highest uranium deposit.
At that time, it was expected that the construction would be completed within 18 months but it has not been completed yet.
The Baichung Bhutia Football School Residential Academy, one of the leading football training centres, will hold a trial today 4th June in Sohra.
The HSPDP candidate from Mawthadraishan constituency, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that no one can stop the will of the people.
YESS Meghalaya, launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, was launched in 2022 to support youth groups, societies and voluntary groups seeking financial assistance up to T. 1 Lakh for providing awareness campaigns, educational activities etc.
This is according to a statement sent by the President.
He said that the time has come for the state to allow the UDP to lead the government because the parties that have been in power for 50 years have not been able to achieve the goals and aspirations of the state. have.
Officials: Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh (Head Coach), Dious Lapasam (Assistant Coach), Matheus Khyriem (Manager), Sandarson Kharbyngar (Physio).
Two of them were arrested on the 7th from Khlieh Shnong Malki while one was arrested on the 8th from Malki.
He said that they came on this day only as a sign of participation to give a small donation, but accept it with a spirit of love and joy because even if it is a small donation. but it shall be a blessing.
It is possible that in the future, this situation may worsen and a new Kiang Nangbah may emerge; this time, not to fight foreigners but internal enemies (such as that betrayed friend) to free the natives.
Other speakers included the Assistant Director of Constitutional Affairs, Kong D.Kharjana, Advocate of the Supreme Court of India who is also the author of the book Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, Sordar of Nongrmai Village, Bah S. Nongrang and one of the members of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, Bah Marshall Lyngdoh Nonglait. .
The union demands that the government should stop the odd even number of salaries and also not to allow them to earn on Sundays as usual, because the poor people find it difficult to go to hospitals. urgent needs on Sundays without a car.
Regarding the tragic incident which happened on 10/03/2021 at Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills District where two children who are brothers of the owner have been electrocuted until they lost their precious lives, On the other hand, the 4-Mowkaiaw BCC suspects that this may be due to the negligence and stinginess of the MeECL employees during the installation of wire lights on the posts.
United Sports Club Kolkata scored the two goals when Amit Chakraborty scored the first goal in the 23rd minute and Amit Tudu scored the second goal. the second goal in the 79th minute of the second half.
Where did you vote in Meghalaya or Assam?
All those present at the meeting, unanimously opposed this proposal of the Government of India, because from the name alone, it is understood that it is an Act that will include all.
We really need such elders who think about the future and who take the best step to preserve the environment and the sacred forest left by our ancestors. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The Shillong Municipal Board and the district authorities today raided the land vendors in Shillong. Land vendors living on footpaths and roadsides in Umsohsun area.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 17: The Indian Army has invited youths from South West Khasi Hills District to apply for the Online Registration which has opened from June,
“Besides the many development projects that the people have received from the government through the implementation of MGNREGS schemes, this time the government has introduced these varieties of siej which are not only unique but will also benefit the people. “If we can take good care of it,” said Bah Swer.
To boost trade, the Modi government, in the 2019 Budget, has set a 25% corporate tax with an annual turnover of Rs 400 crore.
“As we are, we are in the opposition,” said HSPDP MDC Teinlinia Thangkhiew.
The trade in Jerusalem flourished in the Temple area and the Temple also served as a bank.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 26: U Bah Charles Pyngrope, MLA & President of the MPTMC, today confirmed the new office bearers of the MPTCMB. Sounder Strong Cajee is the President.
He said that at present there are 9 battalions of troops on the border with 150 troops per battalion.
Speaking to reporters, the President of KJCLF, Rt.
Mehta said he would ask the Chief Secretary to attend another hearing, but the court ordered him to return on Tuesday and not to leave for Assam. , without court leave.
,Address:- Wahkaliar, SohraPhone Number:-
In a letter sent to all the MLAs of the party on Friday, the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, said that the State Executive Committee (SEC) On the 20th of July, the MLA scheme was discussed and it was decided to inform all the MLAs of the party to take the necessary action.
“The DC's office should stop issuing Inter State Transit Passes to foreigners coming to EJH as well as VIPs and central government employees in East Jaintia. Hills as it is now that the disease has started to spread rapidly in the neighboring state of Assam,” said a statement sent by the KSU. Malki Circle last month had a similar incident where a foreigner working at SBI Administrative Branch Bawri Mansion did not follow the rules and regulations issued by the government after he returned home. Assam, which is one of the states in the North East with the highest number of cases, the union has immediately met with the AGM of the bank and to send for quarantine.
Bah Ian Swer, MPS, SDPO Sohra was present on the occasion in the presence of the OC Sohra Police Station.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister for taking the initiative to promise that in the next few months, funds will be allocated for the construction of this road. The road will benefit the three constituencies.
He said that during his tenure as MLA, he has been able to provide financial support to teachers in four schools including two teachers at Nongpyiur Secondary School.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government has also approved the rules for the establishment of schools and the Identification of schools to be opened for government assistance.
The EM said that the department has launched an inquiry into the allegations in the media that companies have been demanding money for the construction of the Kad Lengsuin at Umroi.
"Chetan Markham, General Manager and Senior Vice President of Terumo Penpol Pvt.
The department has appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by DIG Eastern Range Davis Marak.
A group of youths from Uttar Pradesh under the auspices of the Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat Mission's Yuva Sanga on the 2nd of this month visited Raj Bhavan, Shillong to meet the Governor of Meghalaya, U.S. Phagu Chauhan.
Shillong, October 18: Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne on Tuesday said that Pynursla, Sohra and Shella should be merged into one district.
The EC will continue to investigate and the Council offices will do their duty.
Regarding Bah Bindo, Bah Anthony said that he respects him as one of the strong leaders and also as a pioneer, a senior leader, a wise advisor, a father and as a friend; but if the change in the political world requires him to step forward, he will not hesitate to take the lead in a straightforward manner in consultation with his colleagues before stepping forward to take the lead. he decided.
Lamangkynsai Kharbuli has been selected for the training camp of Hyderabad FC, the champions of the Indian Super League (ISL). train more in the field of football.
The Candidate must recover exactly 4 years and in the 5th year.
When asked why the Council has taken so long to take action against the Syiem after lodging a complaint earlier, Pynshngain said that earlier there were only a few complaints but now the number of complaints has increased to
They said that the first incident was in 1979, when there was a riot after the Assam government set up a police station in Langpih. Nepali who raises cows and muid with the Khasi, because he releases these animals and they destroy all the crops in the fields of the Khasi.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJJC) on Tuesday expressed its concern over the behavior of the owners of dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District. “There will come a time when the district will have nothing in terms of mineral resources and at such a time , remember our words that the factory owners will not know and will not recognize what Shillong is without mentioning East Jaintia Hills District,” said the MJAC. and the General Secretary, Henry.
The Bri U Hynniewtrep and the North East are not the places where Narendra Modi's certificates are issued.
In Ri Bhoi District, 25 cases have been confirmed, 25 cases have been confirmed positive including 8 cases from Iawmusiang, 3 cases from Khimmusiang and 13 cases from Mynthong. West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South Garo Hills are high risk cases.
During the inspection, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare together with the Director of DHS, also held a meeting at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, to seek clarification from the District authorities and the DMHO office on the These measures have been taken in the district to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in the state.
They said that even the KHADC authorities have agreed to propose to the Government of India to set up a Regional Council for the Chief Executive Members in Meghalaya.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has demanded that the government should set up an inquiry into the death of coal miners at Krem Ule, Umpleng. to be independent in all districts of the state on illegal coal mining and to sympathize with those involved by punishing them according to the rules of law.
One of the coal owners, Bah Edward Nongmin, said that he was ready to go to bed, and had taken off his warm clothes (because of the heat).
I don't believe that Rida will love you when you are my husband.
Mawryngkneng constituency has 60 polling stations with 36,751 voters, Mawphlang constituency has 50 polling stations with 33,194 voters and Rajabala has 58 polling stations with 32,750 voters.
Jowai, Nailur 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (WJC) under the leadership of Bah D Lathong, President, today met with the CEO of Jowai Municipal Board (JMB). I am deeply concerned and concerned about the jhep in Iaw Musiang Jowai.
“I have not done anything wrong, I am fighting corruption and I will never take bail,” the AAP leader said before the judge.
However, many churches are still waiting for this most important project of the Council to be implemented because they want to see a change and if this really works it will be a blessing. not only for the cleanliness of the morning but especially for the environment because there is no need to have garbage dumps like the marten now.
Shillong: Although the Meghalaya government has allowed the resumption of trade to Bangladesh through the Tamabil port, the Custom Office has informed that no smugglers have been sent to Bangladesh so far. I'm from Bangladesh.
The President of CSWO, who did not request for information through RTI, was allowed to visit the laws and a copy was given to her by the PIO. Copies signed by the Lamphang, the Governor and the President shall be submitted to it.
The two brothers who are the owners of the NPP Party and the strong keys of the MDA government who have never been filled with coal, dewlieh (mawshun), salaries of school teachers and others others, Arears and D.A/D.Rs of government employees and pensioners.
The match between Mupyut SC and Man-I-Bha ended in the Super Division Football League sponsored by ASSA at the Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem on Tuesday.
The matter is of serious concern and would require your kind intervention to ensure that peace and communal harmony prevails in the state.
Shillong: On the 15th June 2022, the longkmie of Pyndengumiong Village have come out to demand from the PHE department to produce tista water.
Paul said (1 Corinthians 15:39) “All flesh is not the same flesh.
“The beauty of these creatures and creations of nature is one of the main attractions for tourists.
Suly will contest the MDC election this time.
Therefore, the intake and supplementation of caffeine through green tea should not be excessive.
The family members and the villagers today after the post mortem, took the remains of the body of the girl for burial at the cemetery of Iewmawlong.
Many of the residents do not live well because they are still poor in many ways, but they live on their own crops and fewer buy foreign crops.
Not only that, but the Israelis also held a special prayer, in which hundreds of people gathered and sang 'Om Namah Shivaya'
Thank you very much Shri S, Suchen Secretary Village
“I have submitted this Notice under Section 53 of the ADC Rules but the Chairman has rejected it by referring to Section 56 of the ADC Rules.
But we don't know, or we don't want to know.
Heroin worth Rs 20 lakh, 11 injection needles, 4 mobile phones and a cash reward of Rs.15,550 were seized from the suspects. said the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District.
In another match, Daniil Medvedev beat Alexander Zverev 6-2, 7-6 (7/3), Casper Ruud beat Laslo Djere and Borna Coric. Fabian Marozsan won the match against Fabian Marozsan.
They blocked the road and shouted “Khie leit noh” and waved flags.
Shillong, Nailur 19: An ambulance of the Seng Samla Malki has been damaged after being thrown a stone by robbers at 8 pm this morning near Petrol Pump 3 mer.
Those who violate will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
The guidelines will contain measures to strengthen the income generation from plastic waste, to promote the production of other plastic-free packaging materials and to provide for further steps to switch to plastic waste management. plastic to sustainable workplaces.
This came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the State Government has welcomed the decision of the HPC and is ready to sit down for talks as the relocation should happen.
Mawlai have had a good start to the first season of the MSL, winning all four games and scoring 12 points to top Group A. In the first half, Mawlai through Donlad Diengdoh scored four goals in the 3rd, 9th, 29th and 45'+1 minutes. Kenstar Kharshong in the 11th minute and Robert Khongriah in the 21st minute made it 6-0
Dmanson Thongny Morbah said that this road has been constructed since the time of the Assam Government in 1971 and now it is 45 years old, but the Government and the leaders have not taken any action for the needs of the people. Mawpud Area and even the tender called for cleaning several kilometers has been taken elsewhere by MLA Bah MM Danggo.
When I had finished praying, I took off my scarf from my head, and said, 'It's hot.' Then I told all those who were there to leave and go to their work. and it was morning, and they all went out.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 27: U Bah PS Lyngdoh, President of the Hima Langrin Youth Association, has strongly criticized the members of the Management Board and their family members for allegedly misleading the people to oppose the the emergence of the two powers in the Kingdom.
Hundreds of people flocked to the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex in Nongpoh on Thursday as part of the candlelight vigil to express their condolences on the passing away of Walinda Binong on the 27th. It is located at her residence at Mody University in Rajasthan.
He also expressed his concern about the poor construction of the complex by saying that he has seen some of the beams that have broken.
“The road from Nongpoh Umden to Sonapur is one of the worst roads and we need a reward for this.
The Muslims were persecuted throughout India but they fought against the Hindus.
The Act will be passed as an Ordinance through the Governor and if necessary, the Government will introduce the Act in the House.
He said that the relevant authorities of the DIPR department will take a decision on this issue.
“This victory is only the beginning of the long journey as students, and if they start to rise to higher classes they will face many challenges, so long Those who work hard and dedicate themselves by using their time wisely,” said the Minister of Education.
However, since the advent of smartphones or phones, we can watch movies, watch and listen to news from many media outlets, listen to music, watch radio. social media like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
The man also got up from his sleep and prayed first, and it happened exactly at noon.
The heavy rainfall in the months of April-May 2022 has not yet been the rainy season until the roads around the area have been destroyed and cut off. I don't know about our state.
On Tuesday morning, an incident has shocked and shocked the people after the body of a child was found inside a garbage truck of Mawpat village.
He said that India has risen well in the higher ranks and Meghalaya has also played a role in the development of India.
To say that priests, pastors, elders and catechists will be blamed in such areas, because such statements are already well prepared, first they will blame the party, then the Church as they are the only pure party and other parties are incomplete and it is not good the people know that the church is very important.
Residents in some areas have been ordered to evacuate to hilly areas to ensure their safety.
The Minister's remarks came on the arrest of members of the National Liberation Council of Nongkyndong (NLCN).
Mary Rani, a lawyer, explained in detail about the various provisions of the Constitution and how the people can understand the rules and regulations issued by the leaders of the country. freedom of citizens.
The Supply Department should monitor the dealers and the Vigilance Committees.
IIM Shillong has also contributed to the development of policy research and analysis through centers such as Dr APJ Abdul Kalam and the Center for Policy Research and Analysis. (CEDNER).
In such cases, the Government should conduct a thorough investigation so that the victims can get a fair trial,” said the MPHRC. When there is any allegation of violation of Human Rights, such allegations shall be conducted by an impartial investigation and when any Government person is found. “I urge the Government Commission not to sit idly by and watch all the incidents related to the robbery,” said the MPHRC. but it should immediately take steps to conduct an investigation so that there will be a fair trial of those acts of violence committed by the police and government officials,” said the MPHRC.“In particular, we remind all that the Human Rights According to the Dulir which has been in force since 1948 empowers each and every citizen that we have the right to protection and security. which shall not be separated from the dignity and freedom of the humanity of all.
In this regard, the Seng urges the people not to give their Aadhar number to the banks and if the banks continue to ask, the Seng will not hesitate to proceed.
There are also those who have vowed that if the decision of the public hearing held in these two towns of West Khasi Hills is forcibly changed, they will go to RTI to find out what the report of the chairman is. The Hearing Board has sent to the Special Session whether it agrees with the voice of the people.
And works without prayer are like a sword without a spear..." Amen.
He said that all the patients have been discharged to the Senior Medical Officer, Ummulong CHC Dr. M Lamare didn't know.
The training program was held at Umling C&RD Block with the participation of Rangbah Shnongs of various villages in this Block in collaboration with the District Office. Tuberculosis Officer of Ri Bhoi and Block Development Officer of Umling C&RD Block.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has received information that some villages are holding services in their villages without informing or permission from his office which is against the government order which has banned the holding of services. public gatherings within the villages.
Shillong, June 13: The BJP is preparing to welcome the visit of its chief minister Amit Shah to the state. Thousands of people are expected to attend the programme, including the venue for the largest public meeting.
“Where did you go?” said the father.
“We strongly condemn such articles and we have to say that don't misuse rumors on social media as it affects the dignity of others and the community.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) today said that people aged 60 years and above do not need a pass to buy medicines, health centers or to buy medicines. food during the curfew in the state.
The Congress party's stinginess in providing the documents to hold the meeting shows the Congress party's disregard for the government authorities and this shows the secrecy of the party leaders. .
Therefore, she urged the political parties to understand that this is the government of them regardless of which side they are on in the House but they need to fight together for Meghalaya.
Most of the time you come to take medicine.
“We firmly believe that political stability is necessary for the achievement of peace.
:The new Khasi song, “Ahni ni!”, will be released on the 10th of June
This shows that the government is planning to kill the youth by increasing the number of liquor shops.
Shillong: The All MeECL Union Association (Aunion) on Friday called on MeECl employees to protest against the central government's plan to hand over the distribution companies to the private sector and urged the state government to take action. to prevent the central government from handing over MeECL to private companies.
In the god Janus, the past continues into the future, the future cannot stand without the past and the past has no meaning without the future.
Topics to be discussed included the ongoing work of the union, the problems of the residents on ration, light, income, roads and other development works.
I don't mean to blame anyone, but my thought is how can we change the way we are lagging behind in terms of infrastructure or those markets that are suitable for vendors to live in places where clean and easy for the public to walk, stand and buy and sell.
They also informed the DC about the need to install speed breakers for vehicles traveling on the NH-6 and especially in those areas near schools, where children They don't need to work from side to side of the road, where the organization feels that if there are speed breakers, it will prevent accidents.
Nongpoh: Pahamrioh Sports Club FC on Tuesday beat Lumbyrhing Sports Club 1-0 to win the title of the Football Tournament organized by Pahamrioh Sports Club. final, which was held yesterday at the Pahamrioh Stadium.
However, here in Meghalaya, it has been seen that there has been a strong struggle in the BJP. The fiercest struggle is between the only two MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
from 1920 to 1971.
The ceremony will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on the 3rd July at 11 am.
The amount sent through DBT is more than T.22 lakh crore.
The layby market has 20 small shops and one restaurant.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC from Jaiaw, said that the petition against the amendment of the Constitution was filed by KHNAM because it was done only for the sake of political interests. and walk according to the rules that thou shalt not do.
With regard to land, the signs show that only a few or only 1% of the Tribal Elite of the State have been able to hold power. those who run the trade and those who have benefited from the single window policy who hold and longtrai on land, while many of the indigenous people live, work and become refugees in their own country.
They have microbial properties that can protect against diseases in the body and can help heal injuries quickly.
We request the villages in Mawlai who have land to provide land for the construction of this hospital.
The company has produced dewbilat which is available in and reaches all the villages of the region, has received the praise, trust and respect of millions of citizens of the North East, we congratulate to our friends, the villagers who supported us until we reached this milestone".
Nongstoiñ: The 78th Session of the New East India Christian Council (NEICC) was held at the New Nongstoin Presbyterian Church in Nongstoin. until the 20th of January 2013, Christians from various churches in the North East were able to participate in the service.
A couple of school children, who took part in the Christmas play at school, have been married for 30 years.
He said the task of the NERPF is to fight in the politics of the country for the welfare of the people of North East.
The exempt items are Fresh Meat, Fish, Beef, Butter, Milk, Butter, Dough, Water, Soh and Jhur, Flour, Besan, Bread, Prasad, Mluh, Bindi, Sindoor, Stamps, Judicial, books, newspapers, bangles, handlooms, and everyday items.
“The Central Government has supported the need in this regard and the Government has felt it necessary to extend the contract with the company for another six months,” he said.
Before the start of the Shad Sukra, a meeting was held which was conducted by Airforce Suna Vice President Seiñ Raij Mukhla. Other speakers included Pynshai, Waheh Shnong Mukhla Umlangshor, Tiplem Sumer, General Secretary Mukhla Nongrim, Standing Byme Sari, General Secretary Mukhla Nongrim, Ailad Bhoi Local MDC, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, Santa Mary Shylla MLA, while welcome speeches were delivered by Buhlut Suna, Waheh Shnong Mukhla Nongrim.
With this, the presence of the Khasi language in writing and reading will lead the residents of the Khynriem, Pnar, to understand how to talk and tell stories for the Khaddar rule to build society in urban and rural areas. .
May our celebration of this Christmas be to follow Jesus Christ who is the leader for me and you to reach our Savior in Heaven.
There are 1034 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 302 cases in East Khasi Hills including 19 cases from Armed Forces and 283 cases from civilians. 313 cases including 4 Armed Forces and 309 civilians, 103 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 50 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , in West Garo Hills, 123 cases including 4 Armed Forces and 119 civilians, 17 cases in South Garo Hills, 15 cases in South Garo Hills and 119 cases in East Garo Hills. 82 cases and 14 cases in North Garo Hills district.
With this victory, Ryntih have moved up to the top of the points table with 9 points and equal points with Mawlai SC but different in terms of goals, while Shillong Lajong are in the bottom of the table with 9 points. the side of the promotion is in the ninth position.
Therefore, I urge the District Administration, KHADC and various Apartments to read the Dulir carefully and not to mislead the public and to give clear and fair opinions according to the Dulir. The Regional Committee, because only the Khasi people live in Meghalaya, cannot accept this because if they accept this concept, Shillong will leave Meghalaya and Ribhoi will become the country. The Nongwest especially the Marams to say that Ribhoi is a Maram country no one can accept and if we speak the truth in front of Assam to ask to see that Langpih has many Khasi and please give it to us. I'm sorry.
Nangbah Iawmusiang in this match has dominated Chilliangraij in all aspects from the start of the match and most of the times played in the middle of the second half, which made it difficult for Chilliangraij to score.
“I am pleased to hear the success stories of Village Health Councils in different villages because we are a progressive society and we take this opportunity to ensure that health services are from the ground up. ", he said.
The government has allowed 50% commercial vehicles and 50% private vehicles to travel in East Khasi Hills District today according to the directive that only odd numbers should travel today.
Marngar said that many of the former MLAs of Garo Hills and Khasi Hills have returned to the party and now the party has more office bearers compared to the past.
When we look at the comments on social media we see that there are people who do not believe that Covid-19 has entered all the villages in our district.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “As one of those who witnessed this great day, I am filled with joy for the achievements of our country.
According to a statement sent by the President of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Samla Armstrong Sohshang, the Sub Center has been closed since 11th November this year by the land owners. The land for the construction of the Sub Centre.
This allocation will be for the improvement of education, teaching methods, equipment and facilities of schools.
He said that the app also uses a Facial Recognition System to recognize the faces of up to 70% of people when they come to school even if there is no internet. teachers and through this App you will also know which teachers are absent from school.
Every day is a day of work,” he said.
Unfortunately, the state has many trained teachers from the leading universities in India (Viswa Bharati University, Santiniketan).
Of course, the Khasi people will be very special, there will be no such difference in the marriage because if the jaid is given to the father, the children of the daughters who are different after marriage will not be married. They shall not marry one another, because they are brothers, because their mothers are brothers: but the children of their daughters shall marry unto the third generation, as the children of the sons. now at this time it is not given to the mother's family.
Arun Kumar took four wickets for 15 runs in four overs, while Raj Biswa took two wickets in four overs for 31 runs.
Later, the CEM said that the KHADC will meet again on Friday morning to take a final decision regarding the meeting.
Then the wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the ox, and the dust shall be the food of the serpent;
The tournament was inaugurated by Samla K.Syiemlieh, Secretary Green Tech Foundation Meghalaya as the chief guest in the presence of the Rangbah Dong of Ladnong, the leaders and office bearers of the Sport Club and others.
The tournament for boys under 17 years old which started today 22nd November will be played in two parts, the first in the group stage which will end on the 5th of July. The AIFF will announce the venue later for the tournament from 20th to 31st July
He said that although Mawkyrwat is a small village, it has produced many great men who are responsible for the welfare of the village and the society as a whole.
At the same time, we cannot deny that population growth causes problems – from land, food, water supply, employment, health facilities, education and others.
The meeting also warned the Garo rebel groups not to continue to harass the Khasi.
Likewise, those Rangbah who were present followed him and caught him and brought him back home.
In this regard, an Agriculture Produce and Livestock Marketing Facilitation Sub-Committee (APLMFSC) will also be set up to ensure the rights of farmers in relation to the marketing of their produce and livestock.
This has also seriously affected the dignity and values ​​of the nation.
[continued] What you shouldn't do:I don't have anything to worry about when I'm ready to go to school. I've prepared a book but after a while I don't remember why it happened.
He said that the election wind from the voice of the people of the state has blown strongly these days to the national party where the UDP will be the party that will win the most and hold the throne.
The Night Football Knock-Out Tournament organized by the Tbeh Jingshai Umroi Football Association (UMROI) has started this morning at Umroi Stadium. playing football in the evening.
He spoke about the journey of the state, since it became part of Assam until it reached the milestone of 50 years of full independence.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has thwarted an attempt by foreigners to smuggle into the country through the border of East Khasi Hills.
We all pay taxes to the Government, and we have the right to claim this, and the Government (or Governments) has the power by law to take any land it deems fit for use. for the benefit and welfare of the people and not for the purpose of punishment or destruction of the environment.
He said that the construction has now completed by 72 percent.
Preparations for Modi's second visit have been completed in terms of security forces and police driving. to vehicles around the city to avoid traffic.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Bah AE Wankhar of Keating Road, Shillong on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that his employee Md.Farijul Rahman of Kadamtola, Assam has taken money. T.88,000 tyngka for the completion of the work he had ordered but the employee stole the money and disappeared.
The two names announced by the BJP are John Leslee Sangma from South Tura and Dr Pilnie Sangma from North Tura. The UDP has announced its candidacy from those constituencies in the first and second rounds, but it is not clear whether in the third round there will be any more candidates. the party is allowed to be its candidate.
The intention was to gather together the members of the party but after receiving information, they came to pick up the dancers from other villages,” said Bah Throshon.
I firmly believe that the KSU's opposition to the mining of uranium is a strong opposition and will not change.
In the year 1979, when the shop was closed, the HNF was formed under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla. the nation.
He said he hoped that the state government and the District Council would fight the case as he said that the land here belongs to the people.
“It is a shame to call this road the National Highway of India, when its name and nature does not match at all.
The song was recorded at Tyndai Resort, Lamet Resort and Eco Resort Sohra.
Regarding the preparations, Bah Finely admitted that he has started preparing well, especially for football which has a good hope that the State will win medals.
“I don't think it was a clean election because of the money laundering,” said the President of the VPP. propose to tackle money power and corruption.
On the question whether the government can spend Rs 8 crore per annum to service the 108 vehicles, Conrad said he has not discussed anything on this.
It is also during this year that India will become one of the youngest countries in the world with about 60% of the population being young.
There are 86 polling stations near the Bangladesh border and 171 on the Assam border, he said.
If yes, they will stop the strike and if not, the teachers will continue their strike until the government gives them the rights they deserve as teachers, said the FASTOM leaders. .
Shillong: The State Government has decided to rename two airports in the names of the two Chief Ministers.
The Ministry of Consumer Affairs and Food & Public Distribution has informed all concerned that the time has come for all ration consumers to link their Aadhaar Number with their ration. Cards so that they can receive their ration under NFSA-2
He strongly criticized the full mark of 500 for the Personal Interview while 200 for the Written Test.
Participants came from different states as well as Union Territories of India.
Rastingwel Thabah asked the Government and the President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (KPP), Bah KP Pangniang how he said that 12 land plots are no longer available in Meghalaya.
Later, the Minister visited Ampati Civil Hospital and discussed with the health workers on the need to improve the health facilities at the hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President of the union, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that after half an hour, the police released them after finding that they were not involved in the incident. “It's the mistake of the Magistrate who led the raid,” said Donbok.
The VPP demands that NEHU should consult with all stakeholders before taking a decision to implement the NEP. policy.
The Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FTD), a group of Khasi and Jaintia chiefs, was recently established by the KHADC as the umbrella of the people to fight against the issues affecting the people and to protect their rights. as a nation.
There are no schemes or policies that the BJP party has to discriminate against people regardless of their religion or group.
The objectives and objectives of this organization are to promote tourism, to support the community through training and public awareness in order to create job opportunities, to preserve the culture and traditions of the to ensure cleanliness and health in the area, to raise awareness among the public on the importance of preserving the environment and its surroundings and many other objectives of this Seng Working Mon. please.
I have spoken at a meeting at the Election Commission office in Delhi in June, 2013, why not hold the polling on the same day and as soon as the polling period ends, start going immediately or to the Block Office. , SubDivisional Office to get the results, to reduce the cost of security guards and to avoid any misunderstanding between the polling day and the re-polling day.
Tura: The National People's Party (NPP) has accused John Leslee K Sangma, former MLA and candidate for the mid-term elections from South Tura constituency, of violating the rules for the upcoming elections in Tura. on January 23, 2018.
In order to fulfill the demand by holding a public rally, the Seng invites the students from the district to support this issue physically and spiritually, not to just listen, because it is the right of the people. to demand, so that it will be a wake-up call to the leaders who have fallen asleep in the nightmares of corruption and insult to the youth of Meghalaya.
BJP President JP Nadda's visit to Giridih today was to discuss the preparations for the elections.
He said that although this is a small step they have started but if it brings good results, then the group will conduct this public awareness campaign every year.
At the same time, the village leaders welcomed this good initiative of Bah Teiborlang Pathaw.
“If they give the name Eastern West Khasi Hills District, it is not on the compass of the world, which is surprising that it appears only in our state,” he said.
Turning to the eastern part of India, the CAA is increasingly violent and threatens the indigenous peoples in this region.
The JAC also urged the doctors and other staff at the PHC to come and test and provide full service to the people from the issuance of birth & death certificates and other needs of the people. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has approved a budget of less than T.13.15 crore for the year 2021-22 and this budget has been approved without any cut motion or discussion. on Thursday.
Shillong, July 6: A Class X student from Mawsaw village has been shot dead by unidentified robbers.
Shillong, March 05: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, have decided to form a non-cooperation movement with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the government. He resigned as Chairman of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council.
Mawkyrwat, November 25: Following the announcement of the Non Cooperative Movement (NCM), two political parties, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawkyrwat Circle and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today blocked the offices of the government offices and requested them to join hands.
“We have directed the Municipal Board, the district authorities and the Urban Affairs Department to find an urgent solution,” said Prestone.
After a few years, he was suspended because he was still in class-III.
Marvel has suffered a huge loss due to the failure to release some of its films this year, including Ant-Man And The Wasp Quantumania, which was expected to be successful, has suffered a loss.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has banned the announcement of the victory of the candidates for the 51-South Tura and 35-Ranikor constituencies.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the state government to resolve the issue of eviction of the Harijans from Mawlong Market after the elections in the state.
“I have been a strong worker of the party and I don't want to go against the party's decision but it will be up to the people,” said Bah Michael.
The training and examinations conducted at this shlem from time to time have been of great help to these three youths, one of whom is staying in a hostel.
Yesterday morning, these fish vendors, gathered quickly at Iewduh, after they were banned from selling and importing fish from abroad.
The inspection was surprising, because before the arrival of the Municipal officials, the vendors had received information and when the SMB employees arrived, the road was blocked and the vendors took away all the land. They went to hide in the shops where they lived.
State President Rickman Momin in the presence of State Vice President Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit, Gagan Jain, Wankitbok Pohshna, State General Secretary Everist Myrsing and State Secretary Dr. Bernadette Lyngdoh.
He also asked whether the government wants the 100 days scheme to be like the PWD bill. Quarter system until the blad color of the suit is not billed.
Singh said the incident was discovered by Naresh Pal, who works at the police station. iap near these that bitor kyiad.
He paid tribute and praise to Bah Kyrmen Shylla and said that he is a man who doesn't sit idly by but thinks from time to time on how to bring about development in the area and within the district. To find ways and means to build the road to Khloo Blai and to improve the Gallery at Ait Nar, the Chief Guest said that one of the most special is the memorandum of understanding. The Seiñ Raij Tuber has appointed him as the chief guest to provide financial assistance to the Seiñ Raij in relation to the improvement of the place of worship in Ait Nar and on this he promised to discuss.
This is an invitation to our youth to fulfill their dreams and aspirations and to bring glory to our state.
The meeting was attended by youths from West and East Jaintia Hills District, Jowai.
However, we understand that it will be a loss to the road builders or contractors if the roads are too long.
He needs both and man must save body and soul because he is one, cannot be separated.
Ma Andrew Shullai was an MDC for two terms and contested the MLA elections in 2018 and was defeated.
The KSU therefore demands that the Government of India should immediately withdraw the proposal to amend the EIA Act for
However, if we look closely now, we see that many of the leaders have become like children who have been thrown away with keys or leaves who have been thrown away by the wind.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act and one person has been arrested and the investigation is ongoing to identify all those involved in the trafficking. one drug.
“If they have decided to go ahead with anything for the benefit of anyone, I don't want to listen to anyone,” said the Seng.
The video was released by Brazilian athlete Bruna Benites.
The NESO said that the government's introduction of the Rules, Bill and Visa for Hindu refugees will put a serious threat to the region from being overthrown.
Furthermore, the appearance of Bah Tarcis Mawlot from Mawlai Constituency who received only 264 votes out of 40,493 is a story to remember because he contested the election not to canvass but to preach the gospel about the will of God how to save the country. The country and the nation are like Ma Noren Talang in the past.
Hasina said the anti-religious struggle and terrorism is not only happening in Bangladesh, but is happening in the world. bill".
The purpose of moving this office is not to bring peace, but it will cause problems to the people and the PWD department especially in relation to the work of this department and the office of the DC, Treasury and Banks. .
However, at the same time, the Congress MDC from Mawkyrwat has decided to join the NPP, but all that remains now is to release five shyieng first with the Congress, which may happen soon," the newspaper said.
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the DCA Affairs Department of the State Government and the Secretary JHADC to resolve the issue of the revenue share of T.84 crore which the JHADC still receives from the State Government.
The President of the JHADC-Staff Association, Bah Johnson Pohrmen, said that the protest is not against the government, but as a sign of grief. on the lack of salary for 10 months.
Earlier, when the school was started, there were fewer students but now there are 85 students from Class I to V and 142 students from Class I to V.
You have chosen, you have wanted, don't be afraid to stand up and demand righteousness.
It was also seen that even the animals, cows, goats and others danced happily, ran back and forth and danced in the fields as a sign of joy.
He said the government has entrusted the Ri-Bhoi district administration to complete the land acquisition for the construction of the railway line to Byrnihat and the work is ongoing.
The trophy was presented by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of the United Democratic Party (WDP) as the chief guest. Relatives of the Pathaw clan, elders, women and others.
The welcoming ceremony was held at the BJP headquarters on Bivar Road Shillong in the presence of party leaders including state president Ernest Mawrie and other leaders. of the party in the state.
We don’t know yet what they want to put under the UCC, it’s a great policy, private law is a great thing.
On the other hand, the new Executive Committee would like to thank the residents, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the Police including the Magistrate, SDO Civil Subdivision, Sohra, who have provided security forces. on that day.
However, because of her intention to become a religious person, she was exempted from this requirement.
In Khliehriat, the District authorities in collaboration with the villages have cleaned up the villages of Khliehriat, Ladrymbai, Dkhiah and others.
Visual sign on attempted self-harm : Attempted self-harm and can be witnessed through cut marks on parts of the body.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills District Council, Jowai, on Tuesday urged the people of Jaintia Hills District Council not to elect Bah Welcome Dkhar as their leader. “People,” said Ma LS Shylla.
Shillong: There have been 32 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 31 cases from East Khasi Hills, 29 cases from BSF and 2 cases from others.
In a statement, Bah Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC, said that if the political parties in the MDA government are not involved in this corruption scheme, they should support this scheme. demanded CBI inquiry into the matter.
Button cultivation also benefits farmers in Mawkynrew, Laitdiengsai, Puriang, West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi. wind.
Father Felix Matta has been a priest for 14 years.
At the same time, she was surprised to see that her husband went to the kitchen to see the Mother's Recipe which produced dishes that don't need to be prepared but just cooked and saw the Paneer Butter Masala. and Veg Biryani and start cooking these dishes.
The 'C' Form is the document to be sent to the FRO within 24 hours of the arrival of foreigners.
In his opening remarks, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli briefly spoke about the journey of the Salesians for the advancement of the kingdom of God and gave a greeting in the name of Pope Francis. he sent word through you.
Shillong, October 13: The 4th Synod Service of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJPSS) was held at Kynshithem Church, Mairang Presbytery on 10th October. day of October 13th.
On the other hand, Hazarika said there was no interference from Assam and that both sides would try to resolve the border issue through consensus.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the demand of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) is inappropriate and unacceptable.
The original certificate and mark sheets of MBOSE are available in schools and colleges along with the admit card, birth certificate, ST certificate or migration certificate if you want to study abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The High Court of Meghalaya has dismissed the case against the NPP candidate from Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw. He also informed the returning officer on Tuesday.
The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA) on Friday clarified that the news is not true. shisha but it is only the creation of the exploiters to mislead and intimidate the people.
Soufiane El Bakkali of Morocco also won the race and rewrote his own record by finishing in 7:56:69, which is also the fifth fastest time in the race. at 3000m.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : Dippu Ch Sangma and Kishan Lyngdoh have been selected for the North East Zone squad for the Duleep Trophy.
This chlorophyll is something amazing.
However, due to the inability of the government to allocate funds, the work is still pending and will be reviewed later, when the government has released the allocation for the construction of the Block. office.
Angela Rangad said that the rich and the government should not be allowed to violate the rights of the people.
“However, it is also necessary to look at the 'children's part' in the more horror news and also in the serials broadcast on television,” he said.
“Every day the price changes, it doesn't stay the same and the price of jhur is higher in the months of June, June and July when jhur has not arrived from abroad,” she said.
“I advise all Members that questions should be referred to the appropriate Departments.
“We live in other days, we don't know where the country will go.
Ms Anju Bobby George, an Olympian, has become the first woman to win a bronze medal at the World Athletics Championships in Paris in 2003.
Through this software, you can also predict that if you have a chronic illness during the rainy months, you can store and prepare medicines in advance.
“We don't want to reverse Maitshaphrang's statement at that time but now we have to express it after nine months of fighting,” said Pastor Diengdoh.
(which means Noah and his sons for the world generation to generation).
The NBAJAC has demanded and reminded the government to implement the demands of the people of the area and the KSU on the same basis will not stand idly by and give its full support to the NBAJAC to continue to monitor this demand until ends.
We remember the advice in the Proverbs of Aesop: The more people, the more trouble.
Passah said that as the elections are approaching, the government ministers are trying to delay the appointment of foreigners.
There was also the distribution of prizes to the winners in various sports such as football, volleyball, marathon, jngi-um, corrom, tied-di-bet and other sports. and honoring the office bearers of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawten in the past years as well as the players who have led in other areas.
He said that Mawlai is a very large constituency where the need is very high.
In the first half, Jaguar FC won by two goals and lasted until the end of the first half, but in the second half, Jaguar FC managed to score Blue Bombers FC scored three more goals, but Jaguar FC beat Blue Bombers FC 5-1 as the winner of the football tournament.
In fact, the border demarcation is meaningless as it is Assam which borders Meghalaya.
“Every day the seats are full but today it is too much.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), today said that he has sufficient evidence on the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state and will look into the matter. The government will take action against this illegal activity.
Unemployment is an issue affecting young people.
It is to be recalled that this is the second time that the tournament has been held and it was opened on the 29th of November and closed on the 15th of November as part of the celebration of the independence day of the country.
On this occasion, a meeting was held between the leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle and the founder of Motsyiar Grassroot Football Academy, Samla Lumlang Khyriemmujat who has received License D from the AIFF. long as a coach.
More than 160 people have lost their lives and many others have been injured since the clashes broke out in Manipur on 3rd January.
The Income Tax Department said that the scrutiny of depositors, withdrawals and exchanges of money will start after the 31st of February and this will be announced by the Income Tax Department. Income Tax is not available in Delhi.
Regarding the contest against Bah AL Hek, who has won five terms as MLA and Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Rocky admitted that it was not the case. but he will work hard to get the support of the villagers and he has no doubt to get the fruits of victory because he is the owner of the village.
“The Voice of the People Party (VPP) just says that pastors who distribute kiad and that can bring the feelings of the whole church but in fact it should say, 'who is that pastor, who is that u Tymmen Basan who does, so that the Church can do something against anyone who does.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the meeting, Babu Kular Khongjirem, said that the presence of this department in the area will bring income and development to the village as a whole. .
Applications can also be submitted to the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs through the names registered with the Sports Association.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the Government should implement the Roster System from the time of its inception and not look back since
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, through Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday issued a statement on the impact of the injection on four children from North Garo Hills District. .
The solution for the ACHIKs is for them to read and understand paragraph 2 of the Resolution of the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy
Speaking to media, Prestone said that government run and government aided schools should charge 50% of the tuition fees for the month of June. months of January and July.
“According to the report, the government has purchased school buses to transport the students instead of using private vehicles. fathers and guardians express concern for the safety of their children if they use these buses.
Jesus said to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, “If you had not known, you would not have known this day.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said it is true that some of the employees of NEIGRIHMS hospital have tested positive for covid-19, but it cannot be estimated how many.
In another incident, 10 people were killed in parts of Baksa district in Assam on Tuesday.
Rymbai Presbyterian HSS beat Okkapara Secondary School 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The incumbent MDC B Warjri, S Nongkynrih, a former engineer and Damian Marshangbai, have been appointed as candidates for the party.
John Pala also requested that in East Jaintia Hills, there should be adequate schools before using the app in the district.
According to the RTI reply dated 21st November, 2015, the department has appointed another casual employee without a vacancy. The Assistant Hindi Translator was appointed on 1st July 2015 by the Director of the Department without the approval of the Government.
“The CEM of KHADC will not have time to participate in the committees, because the areas under the KHADC have two Regional Committees and if there is an inspection of two areas at the same time, he will not have time to participate in the committees,” he said. ; “It is not necessary for him to take part, but we have appointed EMs from West Khasi Hills or Ri Bhoi and MDCs are also present”.
Later, the Chairperson of the NCST, wrote again to know what decision, according to the letter, dated 14th June 2014, but the letter, too, has not been replied. until, after writing the letter again, on 18th October 2014 and thereafter, that they will send a follow-up letter, on 18th October 2014, in which they will urgently set up a committee, on 19th October Lber 2013 and therefore the Director of NSCT, has to inform the Assistant Registrar of the Supreme Court, about the delay of the State Government.
In the second match, Merinda FC beat Lumshyiap SC by five goals.
Four BJP MDCs including Lakhon Biam of Nongbah Constituency, Krison Langstang of Sumer Constituency and J. Treilang Suchiang of Shangpung Constituency have sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya. and Dawan Lyngdoh of Mynsngat-Khanduli constituency have expressed their concern that the EC has misused the money allocated by the Government of India through the Special Assistance Grants (SAG) amounting to Rs 16 crore 50 lakh.
Shillong: The students of Namdong area today expressed their dissatisfaction with the high fare from Namdong to Jowai.
The counting of votes started at 8 pm for the 81 constituencies in the state.
On the other hand, these youths who have completed their engineering degrees said that they find it difficult to get jobs in factories in Jaintia Hills because when they go to apply for jobs these factories ask for Experience Certificate and this happens in dewbilat factories. .
The villages which fall under the Jengjal Civil Sub-Division include Manggakre, Dirikgre, Dijinggro-Apal, Gindopara, Teksragre, Renchagre-Apal-Chinapgre, Silsekgre, Renchagre, Chikansingre, Anogre, Dittegre, Kamagre, Dollonggre. , Dollong Manda, Rong-dinggre, Dopananggre, Chiokgre, Bawegre, Megapgre, Chiokgre, Tapragre, Rongramgre, Watregre, Bottregre, Rongsep Adinggre, ,-Marak Nokatgre, Bolbokgre, Baljek Agal, Rongbakgre, Kalchengre, Danang Bisa, Dinang Songma,-Bang-Dagre, Bokda Apal, Retegre, Dipogre, Waramasim, Bokda Apal, Retegre, Waram Songre, Danang Bisa, , Warm Tipogre, Tebrongre, Ampanggre, Life, Chikatiwa, Warribokre, Front, Agalgre, Right, Right, Right, Boldam, Saringgret, Right, Arbella, Right, Saringgret, Right, Right, Right, Right, Saringgret, Right, Right, Right, Right, Saringgret, Right, Right, Right, Right, Saringgret, Right, Right, Right, Right, Saringgret, Right, Right, Right, Right, Saringgret, Right Tipogre (Gondenggret Tigrembo- Chikatiwa, Donsimgre) , Romba-nokatgre, Rombagre, Romba Adinggre and Silchotchigre.
After these matches, Srikanth's match was equal, in which he beat Indian Open champion Kunlavut Vitidsarn of Thailand 21-19, 21-1
I, the Waheh Shnong of Umpyrshin, hereby certify that Umpyrshin is not a village but a full village recognized by the JHADC according to the Notification Dated 5th August, District Council (Amendment) Rules, 1983 wherein the name of the petitioner appearing at Sl.
On 21st July, the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam have launched the border talks for the second time by deciding to set up three regional committees within 15 days, and to find ways and means. ways to end the border dispute in seven places.
Meanwhile, on Sunday, it was reported that three more people are still missing from Caraa, after it was reported that 20 people have been injured in the incident since Saturday.
North Garo Hills has one case and West Jaintia Hills has 14 cases.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Sports Secretary, Bah Oriswell Khyriem.
However, when they visit the children of thousands or the children of the villagers, they sit on a donkey or a donkey to show that the King has come to bring peace, happiness and love.
