God said to Abraham, “Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years” (Genesis 15). :3.
They will find it difficult to climb the mountain to heaven.
These trucks (ML04B-1725, ML10-8088 and AS01CC-9553) were seized at the Phramer Traffic Cell.
Some leaders of the UDP Pynursla Circle in an interview with reporters have expressed their regret that the leaders of the UDP Central Body are still joining hands with the NPP just because the UDP has not formed a government. These leaders of the UDP Lapalang Unit and some departments have expressed their strong opposition to this action of the leaders of the UDP Central Body who do not listen. The UDP Lapalang Unit meeting held recently after careful consideration has decided that all the office bearers under the leadership of President Bah Pyneh Khonglam and Secretary Bah Codimas Khongthohrem to leave the UDP because they feel that they don't have the intention to continue working together because it is like turning away the people especially after they have strongly opposed the NPP in After the elections, they went to form a government together.
However, as is understood, there are still many people who do not understand the principle, do not know the election of MLAs and how to elect them, and are still subject to the power of money.
I don't read the book.
He said that his establishment of the VPP is to look ahead to the next 30 or 40 years because as leaders they have a vision and that vision is to save and improve. and to transform the country and the nation with the principles of bringing about a clean and transparent governance.
Umsning Utd scored the first goal of the match through Oversharp Iawphniaw.
The Seng Samla alleged that the Syiem has done this without consulting or getting permission from the Dorbar of the Hima, but has done it himself and will inform the Dorbar, which is a violation of the rules of procedure. domain.
Therefore, there is no assurance that the expenditure of Rs 98.25 crore was incurred for works sanctioned by the State Legislature.
According to a statement issued on 13th June, Bah Vivek Syiem will take over as Superintendent of Police, CID, Shillong, in place of Pankaj Kumar Rasgania who will take over as SP (City). of East Khasi Hills.
She said that this has created a big problem for the people who live on only 150-200 tyngka a day.
Don said the Umsning market has been approved by the District Committee and the State Level Committee in accordance with the rules of the NITI Ayog. He said that the work order was distributed through the PDF candidate Jason Mawlong Sawkmie who won the election.
He won his first election in 1978 as an MDC from Rongrikimgre constituency.
This proves ownership of the property.
KSU Border Area President Samla Riskhemlang Khonglah has spoken to the KSU Border Area President Samla Riskhemlang Khonglah to find out about the students of Pynursla area who have not been able to reach the examination center due to the closure. According to the information he gave, only from the border villages there are about 20 students who have not been able to reach the examination centre.
In the first match at 3:30 pm, Madanrting SC beat Mawphlang SC 0-1 goal. Mebateinam Dohtdong scored the first goal for Mawphlang SC in the first half. 29th minute.
“However, even after three years, nothing has been done on this issue,” said the CAG report.
How many of those who read this article are proud and say that as long as I live, I will take care of my parents in my old age.
During a thorough investigation, police recovered 9.5 lakh tyngka from the shop.
The government's allocation of Rs 399/crore for the fight against Covid-19 has also been a source of concern for the MDA government as in other states where the number of cases is higher and higher. In case of disease, the expenditure does not exceed Rs100/klur.
The Chairman said that it has been arranged that the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh and the Minister of Electricity & C&RD Block, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar will attend the meeting. The meeting of the two men did not come without informing the authorities.
“Christable came to our house and told us that she had shot and handed over my son to the police. “It's just the Sengbhalang or the CSWO that has to take the law into its own hands,” said Mary Nongsiej. .
Custom: In the Khasi custom, the pla tyngka is the responsibility of the woman.
The area has attracted many tourists in the state including the viewpoint at Khlehmoochutia, Moopun Valley in Mutong, Sahksaw Beach and Rynji Valley in Cham Cham, Latang Valley and Kremlabit in Lumshyrmit and He urged the residents to protect the environment.
When asked about Aadhaar, Dr Mukul said, “Yes, I haven't done Aadhaar yet” and added, “Aadhaar should be suspended for now”.
Mizoram Police have tightened security at Vety College, Selesih, Aizawl; Mizoram University, Tanhril; Ripance, Zemabawk and ZMC, Falcon.
Even the government authorities, especially the Myanmar military, have been critical of the Rohingya, as some of them are fighting against the law and have been accused of being terrorists. militants).
Shillong, Nailar 23: Teachers under the banner of the Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) tomorrow to discuss the invitation of the government with the Chief Secretary of the state.
“However, the government assures these companies that it is taking action to implement this, through this Athmanirbhar loan we will be able to pay on time and reduce the losses of these companies.
This means that the Standstill Agreement is a social agreement to consider whether the kingdoms are ready to join India.
A competition was also held on the theme “Eco-based competition”.
Although South West Khasi Hills District has been independent for 10 years, education in this district is still lagging behind.
But when we walk, we walk as if we don't know.
The MCS, EAC, East Jaintia Hills District, F.Wann, said that Meghalaya is one of the states with the highest infant mortality rate. To reduce these, the Government has implemented the Pohshan Abhiyan which was announced in 2018 as a way to encourage and urge pregnant women to eat healthy foods. the body, such as foods containing vitamins that will build the body's immune system as well as those that will build the health of the unborn child.
In the final category, Ravi Kumar Rai of Kyorugi under 45 kg defeated Areyo M Sangma of East Garo Hills to win the gold medal while Krangbeth A Sangma of West Garo Hills won the gold medal. and Samir Chetri won the bronze medal.
He said that the company has shocked and frightened others but the company does not leave the youth alone but monitors them especially when they are still alive. in training.
On this day, there was a dance and a ritual, including the pom blang known as the Pom blang ïewduh.
However, over the years, the influx of foreigners has increased and their number has increased.
He said that in the initial sanction, the state government had allocated T.12 crore through the World Bank and after the assurance, the government has increased the estimate to T.26 crore.
Western countries have now decided to send India the necessary equipment to get enough oxygen and London has said it will send 600 types of equipment needed for the New Delhi, the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown in the fight against the corona virus.
He said that I Love You Talang, the owner of the village, is from Moorap and for three years now, I Love You Talang has not come to the village but in a few months he has turned out to be a murderer.
The HNYF leader also recalled the shooting of Bah Michael Warjri, where he said that the main reason for the shooting of the people was because he was against the PMGSY road. Michael Warjri was arrested by the Assam Police.
And since it applies to that place, we have no doubt that it applies to Khasi-Jaintia as well.
Route:- VIP Gate, J.N.Sports Complex, Polo (0 Km) – Golf Link – Lailad Shyiap (1 Km) – PTS – Mawroh Junction (2 Km) – FCI Main Gate (3 Km) – MeECL Lumjingshai – Shillong Secondary School (4 Km) – 67 CRPF Main Gate – Merin's Restaurant – VIP Gate, JN Sports Complex, Polo (4.85 Km) This race is only for women under 18 years of age.
It is worth mentioning that 18 students from the Commerce Stream have passed the examination.
“The situation in Manipur has deteriorated and many foreigners have settled in the border area of ​​the state and live in the east. “According to the information we have received,” said Bah Latiplang.
The new version of the BIS website (www.bis) has been launched.
Shitlang Pale from Sutnga-Saipung constituency, Jopthiaw Lyngdoh from Nartiang, RC Laloo from Jowai, Comingone Ymbon from Raliang constituency, no information has been received. Faithful.
He said that in fact the state will receive a revenue of not less than Rs 500 crore per annum but even so the government will not proceed with this task to respect the feelings of many churches.
For the vehicles of the supporters, it is not allowed to play music inside the vehicles during public meetings in the village.
Thangkhiew was appointed as a judge on the 25th of this month.
The President of the MPCC and Shillong MP, Bah Vincent H Pala on Tuesday slammed the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for its remarks against its leaders. The religion/church that distributes kyiad during elections is no different from the principles of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Sadar Police Station, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the police have charged them with five sections of the Act under Sections 353, 341, 506, They went to the Secretariat to remind the government of its negligence of the ILP and its lack of attention even after the House. The Resolution demanding ILP has been passed and sent to the Central Government.
The order adds that only those employees of the JHADC or recognized by the JHADC, may search for licenses of foreigners.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The Mawsor Kur on Saturday held a Dorbar as part of the launch of the Riti Treikam of the Mawsor Kur.
Jowai, Nailur 30: District Administration including Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS, Superintendent of Police Bikram D. Marak, MPS together with officers from PWD and Transport Department held a meeting today. To discuss the problems faced by the people due to the large number of Speed ​​Breakers which have recently been installed in Jowai.
When such a syrngiew comes to light, perhaps there should be no reason.
The Inspector General of Police (IGP) CID, Bah O Pasi, said that a case has been registered since 28th March against the misappropriation of funds for the construction of the NERS PSAP Facility at Sadar PS Complex.
“As for the salary for the Financial Year 2021-22, the Secretary said that the money is still pending with the Finance Department and there is no sign of release of the money for the payment of his salary. June and October," he added.
The celebration was held at Science Hall Nongpoh in the presence of Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh. Chyne Medical Superintendent Civil Hospital Nongpoh and other officers from the health department, the public and school children who participated in various competitions.
“While 79 pyrtons from other states arrived on 24th June to patrol, so far there are 190 pyrtons to patrol the state,” he said.
NorthEast United FC, which is also a team in the Indian Super League (ISL), will have to fight hard to qualify for the quarter finals of the Durand Cup 2023 tomorrow. Nailar at Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium, Guwahati.
The farmers also brought jhur and agricultural products to the Chief Adviser of the Farmer Cell, Bah kynsing Lyngshiang for his ability to persuade the state government to provide half price of all the fertilizers. they bought at a very low price.
Before receiving the special blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the Duwan by the Bishop, Father Ioannis War Pakma SDB gave a speech on the occasion and earlier a welcome speech was delivered. Father Joy, Parish Priest of St. Clarett Parish, Mooksiang.
According to the source, no casualties or injuries were reported except for the destruction of houses and property. It is estimated that it has cost tens of thousands of dollars.
This scheme has been allocated by the Government of India to support the livelihood and livelihood of the market vendors during this time of Covid1
The tournament was attended by the country's boxing stars, including South Asian Games gold medalist Sachin from Services who fought against Vishal Kumar from Punjab in the 2013 World Cup. 54-57kg featherweight and won by the most points.
Amen).
It is also their duty to do these things, and they should have a responsibility so that our small Khasi people will not be robbed by the big people as is happening in Tripura and Assam.
As leaders, I think we should not play or politicize these events; but we must work together to bring peace and stability in the state,” he said.
No one was injured in the incident and no casualties were reported, according to the village authorities. They left for the inspection in the presence of Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PNSyiem congratulated the Khasi Department Synod College for taking the responsibility to publish these books.
These four teams have been invited for tender and reserve price from T.15000 thousand and above.
The Meghalaya Land Transfer Amendment Act, 1978, is an Act which prohibits Dkhars who own land in Shillong and elsewhere from selling land to fellow Dkhars.
Sponsored by the Border Area Development Program (BADP) West Jaintia Hills and the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS) West Jaintia Hills District.
The peace of Zion shall be a blessing to many.
This was announced by the President of KSU Laban Circle, Bah Rueben Najiar after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner on 29th June
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Arwan Tariang, said that the reason for their refusal to participate is because they feel that it is just a festival without any participation. becoming one country.
Dkhar said it is time for the Association to take action, because they cannot tolerate it anymore and they cannot just listen to it.
Because one small or large sin will not enter Paradise.
Don’t just pray for yourself and your family, but pray for your country, your nation, and the whole world.
Nongstoiñ, June 29: Several longkmie residents of Kynroh area, have expressed their happiness and surprise, after hearing that the Nongkynjang Sub Center has been upgraded to a the Public Health Center (PHC).
It is for this reason that many SSA teachers who are the builders of the brains and minds of our children have had to sleep at night on the streets.
Writers like Myllung Soso Tham, one of the most famous Khasi writers in the past and to this day.
Shillong, June 08: The Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation, the group that oversees the provision of vaccines for children in low-income countries, has held a meeting. in the city of Shillong.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the State Government has a target to provide drinking water to 22,485 rural households this year (4,318 households have already received water supply). no to the water tank).
Paragraph 3 of the Reservation Policy states that in such a case, this 0.4 share shall be counted as 1 share, so that that group does not lose its share.
The growth of the media or the opportunity to express themselves through the Internet, which is one of the technologies of today, has indeed been an opportunity for many to express themselves.
The people of Nongkrem in 2003 could not accept such a 'Clean Politics' campaign.
French President Emmanuel Macron has ordered the authorities and the police to immediately investigate the gang and those involved in the crime. punish and prosecute under appropriate national prescribed criminal laws according to their conduct.
“It is not only to learn to speak Hindi, but to learn many languages ​​is a blessing and benefit when going anywhere.
Those who have decided to resign are Gilbert Nongrum, President of Ri Bhoi, President of Umsning Block and Livingstone, former Secretary of Umsning Block.
Another issue he raised was that he urged the Governor to approve the name of the MDC shu sieh which the KHADC has approved in its Dorbar.
That moment ended without talking but both of them remembered each other well.
They visited the village to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the road from Umrit to Umdu, which is about 31 km long.
The result of this is that the country and the nation have lost their reputation in the world of India on the part of lawyers like (L) Prof.GG Swell, (L) ) Hoover Hynniewtrep, (L) Prof. Korbar Singh Phanbuh and others.
According to the lawyers, the CBI will have to respond to the High Court on Amita's request and the CBI has been taken as the respondent why it cannot investigate the case.
Furthermore, the Chairman requested all the Village Authorities to lend a hand to those who received the assistance, so that the construction of the houses can go smoothly and be completed within the stipulated time.
He also informed that he was the only one who spoke for the welfare of the indigenous people.
The EC today also approved the appointment of three judges of the courts within the KHADC. At the same time, it urged the village headmen to encourage the people to Go to get vaccinated to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Union of 10 Villages has urged the DC and SP to take action against the movement of coal trucks, as it has caused a lot of trouble to the people due to the deterioration of the road and especially on the construction of the bridge at Lailad.
The Deputy Chief Minister has urged the parents to teach their children to go back to agriculture, farming, farming and so on. Otherwise, there is no need to expect government jobs from now on.
It is not easy to give birth on the day they want, but it can be estimated at the time these women want,” said Seema Dwivedi. They shall be cut off on that day, to satisfy the desires of these women.
"They reached back to before," he said.
If we blame the opposition MLA for the backwardness and insufficiency in the constituency even after he has conveyed the needs to the government/minister, it is unfounded.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, has distributed meat to all the 11 Ministers of the Government including their colleagues from other parties in the government.
She said that the school bus will be a blessing to the students in coming and going and hopes that the bus will provide adequate services to the students of the area and in the month of October, the Minister said. Rangbah promised to provide another school bus to the school.
KSU Hingaria Unit President SS Lamin said that the KSU will not allow any government or company to violate and attack the affected land owners and if the land owners do not receive compensation, they will You are not allowed to pass a signboard in this area.
Both these villages fall under the Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
He said that the Waheh Shnongs have already written to the MLA and also to the office of the Chief Executive Engineer, Electricity Department, but no one has taken responsibility. for the purpose of electrification of the area or to monitor the Sobhagya scheme.
He was arrested yesterday, but released today after posting bail.
“We support the improvement of the working methods of MeECL to reduce the loss of customers, but it should not be handed over to private companies or foreign authorities.
In a statement, UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne said that at the CEC meeting, they will submit several names from the constituencies under his jurisdiction. East Khasi Hills.
There are those who have said that those who won the MP and MDC elections on the APHLC ticket, but who accepted the Autonomous State, should have been recalled because they accepted the Autonomous State without However, in India there is no law that cannot be recalled.
Shillong, March 31: Three persons were injured and two others injured in a raid by two Bhalang groups in Mawlai Nongmali yesterday. to shake hands and patm 11 members of these two organizations, which lasted only about 10 minutes.
Arrival Road.
The marathon will start on the 5th July, 2023 from Liarbang Village, pass through Liarkhla, Kdonghuli, Thadnongiaw, Khweng, Mawbri, Nongladaw, Matneng, Umshaproh and end at Kurkalang Square. , Ri Bhoi District.
“In our view, it is a mistake because the Government has tried to implement the Roster System later.
On the other hand, the HYC Keniong and Thepdiengngan, under the leadership of Samla Banjop Sanglein, appealed to the residents not to be discouraged, but to take good care of themselves so that they can avoid the disease. saphriang of you is the disease.
Ri Bhoi United FC beat Naco Imphal 2-1 in the NNSSCC Championship on Saturday.
“We have arrested a fourth person involved in the bomb blast identified as Sansharbha Makdoh, 24, resident of Umroi, Ri-Bhoi,” said the Superintendent of Police, East. Khasi Hills and Rituraj Ravi.
On the other hand, the President of the Meghalaya BJP, has congratulated the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for promising to continue the distribution of food items to about 80 crore people of India. in the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that there will be no smuggling or interference with the election. The Ri Bhoi Police have been vigilant and recently seized heroin worth T.1 crore. They also seized 570 grams of gold worth T.30 lakh as part of the smooth polling, he said.
In East Khasi Hills, 307 cases, 236 BSF personnel, 14 other personnel and 57 civilians, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases Ri There are 31 cases from Bhoi, 8 cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 1 case from East Garo Hills and 1 case from North Garo Hills.
The discussions should be fair, broad, and capable of bringing about change in governance.
The decision of the MNF was announced by the Chief Minister at a meeting of the party held at Zualnuam-Hachhek constituency, Mamit district.
Shillong: Punit Bisht once again scored a century for Meghalaya in their 88-run victory over Sikkim in the Vijay Hazare Trophy match in Chennai today.
“We understand the plight of the students of Chokpot area due to the lack of higher education institutions.
Shillong, June 21: The KSU Ranikor Circle has slammed the Congress leaders in Ranikor who are followers of the MLA of the constituency MM Dango for their cleanliness against the allegation that the party has The government has decided to distribute relief goods to the victims of the natural disasters in the area.
Khliehriat, July 16: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, in a notice issued today, has urged the public to refrain from passing through the National Highway. East Jaintia Hills District, due to the condition of the road from Nongsning to Ratacherra, has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists.
However, police are still searching for the gold bag which was stolen from one of the three.
Nada praised the party for helping those in need during the curfew and praised the staff of the party for uniting the people through the 'sampark abhiyan' The benefits of the Atmanirbhar Bharat scheme, announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Nada, are very pleased with the people of the State, who have named the rice Khaw Modi, who distributed from the ration shops.
Shillong, Nailur 23: More than 10,000 students of Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong on Thursday honored their graduates at a ceremony held at Lariti, Mawdiangdiang. New Shillong.
You cannot complain against it and you cannot ignore it.
The Roster SystemIt is only since 10.05.2022, that the Government of Meghalaya has introduced the Roster System in the appointment of jobs within the Government, only for permanent posts, not for others who are just appointed. ship- ment (temporary).
Tura: A protest has intensified outside the Garo District Council today demanding the removal of the Chief Executive Member of the Garo District Council, Rakesh A Sangma.
He said that the program is also to explain to the public about the need to have this linkage where they have to fill up the forms starting from today 01st July this year.
The Court also issued an order that if they wish to file the Rejoinder Affidavit within two months after the filing of the Counter Affidavit.
“50 years since the Dohlieh built this jngi pond, the sad thing is that the Government has not yet built or built a single proper jngi pond. “The states of the country have witnessed the construction of many swimming pools,” said Bah Michael.
According to Bah Pariat, if the district councils had done their duty, it would not have caused the state government to interfere in this matter.
Pynshngaiñ said the government is the only carrier of the money allocated by the central government to the District Councils. “If the world is good, they can return the money to us, but if the world is bad, we don't know,” he said.
If a man doesn't receive training, he won't become wise.
These roads are very wide and only one lane can be parked.
It is the duty of the ECI to ensure that the elections will be held in a transparent and fair manner.
He was speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers for the post of Deputy Commissioner (DC), East Khasi Hills, who will contest from Pynursla constituency.
The DNA testing laboratory is an important part of the scientific process of identifying a person.
Out of the 3512 polling stations, 3186 are in rural areas and 326 in urban areas.
He said that last year the district council had informed the state government on the need to reorganize the various constituencies within their boundary.
“The visit of Assam to Malidor on 05/08/2021 has something behind it, because according to these residents, the Assam government authorities came and asked about the epic, since when it was established. school and they have also shot down the village, why do they come to ask like that? “Don't they know that it falls under Meghalaya and the Rangbah Shnong syrnot has been given by JHADC? This action of Assam shows violence,” said the KSU. -19 and 9 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1163 in the state on Sunday.
Shillong: U Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that he has discussed with Foreign Minister Susham Swaraj in New Delhi on how to prevent foreigners from becoming full citizens. when they came to work in this country.
We feel that we should unite and urge the government to fight hard to issue an Allotment Order for these 2-lane roads.
At the same time, the union urged the government to look into such incidents of smuggling of Bangladeshis as it has happened many times.
The Union of Sordars of Hynriew Shnong has requested the CEM to take action on this issue and has sent a letter to the CEM and also sent a copy to their MDC. bah Pyniaid S king as an information.
Everyone is turning to us and we cannot leave them,” said ACHIK General Secretary Bernita Marak.
NESO strongly opposes this policy and will continue to oppose it as it has done in the past.
The increase in deposits is the highest in 13 years, after a decline in the previous two years.
If the weather permits, the company will soon start reconstruction of the road," he said.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 24: The Church of the Living God, Khasi & Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya will hold its 10th Assembly at Ngunraw Church, South West Khasi Hills, from the 25th of this month. to the 28th of this month.
UDP MP candidate Bah Jemino Mawthoh, HYC and others came to console them.
He said that it is better for us to think in advance about the issue of publishing and writing.
Expressing his support for the implementation of the work of the District Administration, he said that others cannot interfere with this as it will cause problems later.
Students of Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU) together with teachers and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on 11th June held a protest outside the university to demand the release of mat from the teachers of this school.
Shillong: The FAM (Football Academy of Meghalaya) has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Govt.
She said that she used to study science stream at St. Anthony's College but her studies were not successful and she failed. She received her education in the Arts stream and it was in this progress that she was able to reach the goal of success.
The examinations are scheduled to start from 4th June.
It will end until the 25th of July, due to the complaints of the duet dancers that many of them are in various examinations.
He said that the Mawsor Kur, in collaboration with Langshongthiang Village, has already donated 3 acres of land with the hope that it will be a great blessing to the village. and other neighboring villages which have about 5 or 6 sub centers and they are also expecting the completion of the construction of the sub center in this village.
He said the success of more than 200 programs held in more than 60 locations in India is the success of India's development.
The Congress party has also accused the BJP government of increasing the number of detention centers in India.
Because if the money is taken when they win, they will have to pay for what they have spent.
On the complaint that many people have not received the vaccine, Tynsong said that those people who have complained are because they have not checked the slots, where they have not yet received the vaccine. However, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, to avoid overcrowding at the vaccination centres, will notify the registered persons of the time and date to receive the vaccine.
The heavy rainfall not only brought about the snowfall, but it increased the snowfall.
Speaking at the inauguration of the CCTV cameras in Wahthapbroo, he said that the presence of CCTV cameras helps to arrest criminals.
He said the party from Nongstoiñ has tried to give advice to the state level on nine issues that are important for the country and the nation.
The Chairman, Bines Makri and General Secretary, Vincent Sohkhwai, also decided to submit a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. They have decided on the 16th June 2023 that if the government does not pay the money they have taken from the vehicles, the owners and drivers of the vehicles will not They will continue to work with the government if necessary.
He said that the government cannot now introduce an ordinance on this or convene a special session to announce that this Act has been repealed in the state.
He alleged that the provisions of the National Security Act (NSA) are only to punish the BJP leaders for allegedly talking about cow dung and cow dung to clean up the country. the covid 19 pandemic.
While the welcome speech was delivered by Rtn.
In the second match which was played at 6.30 pm, Lumpyngngad Sports Club beat Lamlynti Sports Club 3-1
The TMC is concerned that the Minister of State will be surprised by the inability of the police department to control what he has in power.
They also requested for the construction of the road, as they face difficulties in coming and going and especially in illness and to deliver their agricultural products to the market through the forest road and the forest road. They can use the dirt road only during the rainy season and during the dry season they find it difficult to pass vehicles and motorcycles.
“But on our part we are well prepared for the election,” he said.
"Those who have criticized the book Boats on Land say that it "is one of the ways for readers to see this region through the changes that history has shaped since the early days of French rule, the years of the World War, the conversion to Christianity and the missionaries.
Near the Jowai Civil Hospital, Jowai, near the monument of Kiang Nangbah, Commander Chief of the Wait-Kiengstieh, there is a pool in the Wahmyntdu River. which is called the “SYNTU KSIAR.” It is a large, long, wide pool and has its own pool.
Khandu confirmed after undergoing an RT-PCR test. Khandu said he did not show any signs of illness and felt well. He was asked to follow the SOP or Standard Operation Procedures.
In the case of electricity (MeECL), the government has spent thousands of crores.
Artists from Garo Hills said that they don't have the opportunity to exhibit their works abroad.
Nursing course in Meghalaya.
The head of the World Health Organization (WHO) said he was on his way to Syria, while aid agencies are struggling to find survivors in the cold. -survivors of the earthquake and those who are still trapped in any hidden and remote parts of the landslides in the affected areas.
Regarding the opening ceremony, Bah Ransom said that this will be the beginning of the project and the department will take action to help in this regard. role of assistance in relation to this section.
According to information received, the house belongs to Kong Delbi Nonglang, who was given to the Malwari shopkeepers in Erpokon. The cause of the fire was suspected to be caused by an electrical fault.
The revival of Chad Sukra by the Dolloi and the Señraij Jowai, is one of the ways to awaken the Jaitbynriew, by eradicating the evils that destroy the Bei Rymaw.
In his speech, the Lamphang urged all those who witnessed the program to take responsibility to develop the district by making it a Model District. others want to follow.
If the people do not protest in the right direction, we will not see any change in Meghalaya.
The opposition to the enactment of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 as well as the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Rules, 2021 has been strong from religious leaders and civil society groups in recent months.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rubi said that on the 27th of June, he received a phone call from the authorities of the school who ordered him to come immediately. I went to the school because my son was very sick.
Cheetahs have been reintroduced to India after decades and such a project will inevitably face challenges and successes.
Before looking at the incidents that led to the injury in 2015, it should be recalled that on the 29th of June, the Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhem Borlang Khongjirem, was arrested for issuing a certificate to the residents even after the High Court banned it.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that it is not yet clear whether any more persons will be arrested. incident in Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, July 21: The 17th Khasi Sein Raij Children's Tournament was held on the 14th and 15th July 2023 with the participation of the children of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij. The Khasi Children's Association and the Raij.
We don't know what the reason behind this decision is, because it requires the approval of the Cabinet, the approval of the State Legislative Assembly and most importantly, the clear understanding of the parents and children. In fact, it is necessary for experts and teachers to give their opinion on this new Act before it is approved by the State Government.
These include East Khasi Hills 46, West Garo Hills 18, Ri Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 5, South West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 3, North Garo Hills 2, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
Shillong: U Bah Wester Mawrie, 57, resident of Mawlynrei, East Khasi Hills, has been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital on 19th November
I admit that since that time (1972) that Hynniewtrep has been more paid than A'chik and therefore they have made a big mistake that they have used equally, that is, 40% of 'A' and also 40% of the Hynniewtrep people.
The ceremony was held at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh, where Shillong MP, Ma Vincent H. Pala was the chief guest. Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Umroi MLA Damanbaitbah Lamare, Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew and other members of the RBYF. Ri Bhoi District.
As you have done every year; The special day of the church was celebrated in the morning with the unveiling of the flag by Ma Rihiwot Niangti and the laying of flowers at the statue of Babu HK Singh Lyngdoh Nongbri, which is located on the ground floor of the church by Ms Kmenlang Pakma.
The clubs who have prepared for the semi final today are also looking forward to the support and encouragement of the people regardless of the names of the clubs or from any village but to come by spirit to promote football for women which is one of the sources of employment in today's society.
Let us from now on know among us that “The Khasi is a united people”.
Mookyrdup, Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer and Mupliang won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Thursday.
W.Sangma who was also the first Chief Minister in the state to introduce the Reservation Policy.
Speaking to reporters, MCA Executive Member Naba Bhattacharjee said it is a time of joy for the MCA after it has qualified for the tournament in the country. they have been struggling for a long time in recent years.
“In order for us to see the benefits not only for the Khasi and Garo people but the state has passed 50 years and is still a child where we have only politicians but we don't have leaders,” he added.
Khanduli Village Leaders said that the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong Assam have also banned the village leaders from setting up gates to screen people who intend to enter Meghalaya after Government of India announces lockdown across the country.
Not everyone is strong-willed.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in Sohra today reached 326.5mm, according to the Meteorological Department, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am.
The rapid growth of science and technology has become one of the topics that has enlightened many adults, because many of them don't know how to use it, but while children who are just They didn't have the power to destroy them.
In the Men's Singles Open, Mebanker Shullai won the title by defeating Deilang and O Nongpluh 21-11, 21-1
He said that it is necessary to suggest that there will be a screening of Khasi Jaintia films, in which the filmmakers of the State will participate.
The ACC said that Pakistan has not yet been confirmed to host any matches, but the new rules will now allow the country to host some of the matches. field after 15 years.
After a 10 minute silence, the elder brother of the family who suffered the tragic incident started throwing the mombati and the school children and the public followed.
“We will inform the SPs and DCs to strengthen their security to ensure the safety and security of the people in case of any incident,” he said.
However, the Central Government has recognized and authorized the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the medium languages ​​in the state which can be used to write or speak in government affairs since The State Government has decided to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the official languages, except for English.
In the incident, the two sustained serious injuries.
The union also said that as this hospital is located in Meghalaya, it should provide for the indigenous people before providing for others.
The Minister said that in 2014, when the Central Government increased the share of revenue from 33% to 42% between the Central Government and the State Governments, the Central Government increased the revenue share between the Central Government and the State Governments. Many schemes have been canceled on the grounds that the allocation of funds has been increased according to the report of the Fourteen Finance Commission.
“Schools should be open and classes should not be held and teachers should be in schools so that if the children come they should not lose what they need. Parents should not be forced to sign that they allow their children to go to school for their needs but they should follow the rules. Health and social distance schools should be disinfected and the protocol related to schools should be strictly enforced.
Shillong, July 17: The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that many people have claimed that the WE Card and MYE Card are only Baki cards. “The TMC has promised and many people in the rural areas who have already received the card and registered, have said that it is a card that has not been received and given later, so it is just a promise. election,” said Conrad while talking to reporters.
She said that these companies which supply fertilizer to wholesalers are companies recognized by the government like BVFCL which supplies Urea, TESTA AGRO which supplies SSP, PROPO and other companies which supply fertilizer. When asked how many kilograms of fertilizer per month the farmers need from MEGAFED, Khongsdir said, “Only urea is used. 300 metric tonnes per month, but when we add up the purchase of other fertilizers by farmers, it reaches 1000 metric tonnes per month,” she said.
Speaking on the future of the Congress party in the upcoming elections, Prestone, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and former leader of the Congress party, the oldest party in the country, u He said that the Congress needs to strengthen its foundation.
“If we say that, it means that the children have to pay more for classes and thus it will put a lot of pressure on the students especially those who come from low income families,” he added.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, said that this theme of the program is very important, in which the Government has taken seriously and has set up a committee known as the Women Empowerment Assembly Committee, to look into violence and abuse against women and children.
The JHTOA together with the Jaintia Coal Miners & Dealers Association (JHTOA) will also hold a flag raising ceremony to protest against the ban on mining and transportation of coal in the state. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) The JHTOA in its meeting today has also decided to ban all trucks from passing through Jaintia Hills on the 19th of this month. trucks carrying food and beverages, dewbilat trucks, carrying goods and other types of trucks as a sign of protest against the action of the State Government.
The union demands that the department should take immediate action on this issue and if the authorities do not believe it, it has promised to take other measures to ensure that this child is safe. in get your rights.
On Thursday, 189 people have been confirmed with 75 new cases of COVID-19 in the state.
In Nongkrem constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang as UDP candidate and former MLA received 9099 votes, while Bah Bindo Lanong as independent candidate received 138 votes.
We congratulate all the MPs, Chief Ministers, Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, parties, Sengbhalang from within and outside the Bri u Hynniewtrep, the Dorbar Trai, NGOs, the public and to all those who opposed this bill.
The kinds of ways we can help children as adults are: perhaps we can listen to them what they are experiencing they are experiencing or dealing with without judgment of their lives or experiences, the parents will have to start building daily conversations with their children.
Thus, when the owner releases the horse from the house, it runs and plays, whether on the ground or in the fields.
Perhaps the MDA Government does not have the funds to build new Health Institutions/Centres and it is easier to upgrade the existing Centers to CHCs/SDHs/Civil Hospitals.
Ridondor Lyngdoh is a student of Class IX at the Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
This is according to the count from 8.30 pm to 8.30 pm.
All the parties, big, small and small, have started fighting, especially the BJP which has come like pukni from Delhi, to overthrow the Trinamool Government of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, which has been fighting. She has ruled for four terms as CM, since she won in 2001 until now, for 20 years.
I wish you to continue to shine and achieve victory in the upcoming tournaments.
Speaking to Rupang in Sohra, Lambokstarwell Marngar said that since the KSU members went to announce the meeting, there has been a lot of foreign supervision of the members as part of the meeting. to show the unwantedness of the members of the party in many places.
The first match was between Shillong Sixers and United Brothers followed by Mawjam CC vs Sanmer CC. In the first match, Shillong Sixers won by 59 runs. United Brothers.
The Taliban have seized hundreds of weapons, including trucks, mortars and other ammunition, in Afghanistan. , that they were captured by the Afghan army, after being abandoned by the US military.
However, now the area has returned to normal.
“The whole world is afraid of the coronavirus or COVID-19 which has caused tragic events in many countries of the world, but we should not be afraid of this infectious disease. one person to another because there is a God, who loves and is full of grace and is powerful to protect us,” said Rev.Dr.B Sohklet.
Immediately, Suchiang fled home while his wife, who was behind him, saw the beating of her husband. thieves to flee.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said the party welcomes the resignation of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuga Nathan. everything.
Meanwhile, the total amount of garbage seized on Saturday was 20 tonnes.
“Where do they put the money they get, just to buy someone, just to deceive someone and that's why there is a confusion, the stupid and the stupid go wherever they want but those who want to serve are always with us.
“For me, it is even happier that I have a relationship with radio as a program host,” said Minister Duh referring to the upcoming 100th episode of Mann Ki Baat.
In the case of 9 persons under the age of 18 years, their parents will be informed before being handed over.
They have appealed to the High Court under Section 439 Cr.
According to the 2011 census, while A'chiku has only 9 lakh people, Hynniewtrep has more than 13 lakh.
“After many complaints, there has been no action by the Government to resolve the illegal activities in Gora Lane to protect the residents of Laitumkhrah but the Government's intention is to resolve the issues by bringing Another Metor area near Laitumkhrah is unacceptable,” he said.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police (DGP) LR Bishnoi said that it is the responsibility of the state to increase the number of police personnel. when it comes to laws and regulations, they are right.
The DC said that illegal parking along the National Highways has been banned for all types of vehicles except those parking lots which have been banned. get recognized.
I feel that is the answer.
"It's a very good experiment," Maezawa said on YouTube, hoping it will inspire other academics and economists.
“I don't know.
“The desire to complete our own building is one of the priorities, because at present up to three houses have been rented, one for girls, one for boys. and the office of the Children's Home and the annual rent in all three schools has reached more than Rs. 4 lakh,” said the Pastor.
“It goes all the way to Amit Shah and his team.
Shillong: Former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that some MLAs have tried to remove him from the post of CEM because they understand that the presence of CEM of him as CEM, is a threat to them.
The KSU and the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) are groups of student organizations under the umbrella of the North East Students' Organization (NESO) which promote the same goals. and aspirations.
As shown in the video, the truck drivers also pulled out a sword and the JHADC employees had to flee to escape injury.
With the introduction of the CUET examination, the pressure to score more marks has decreased.
It was exactly as Meghalaya was shouting in the wilderness and informing the Government of India.
In the complaint, it was alleged that these doctors are not qualified to work in Community Health Centers (CHCs) and Primary Health Centers (PHCs). Bachelors degree, while you have a Diploma degree.
Justice S Muralidhar and Justice AJ Bhambhani directed the police to immediately evacuate the injured to Guru Teg Bahadur (GTB) Hospital or other higher hospitals. good and able to care for the injured.1.
Shillong: Former KHADC MDC from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency, James Ban Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that he has decided to join the United Democratic Party (UDP) after its leaders joined the NPP. The Democratic Front (PDF), which has two MLAs, has resigned a few months after the end of the 2023 MLA elections.
According to the CAG report, there are arrears of four accounts (2018-19 to 2021-22) as of 30th November, 2022 regarding the non-sale of PSE (Meghalaya Electronics). Development Corporation Limited), which has been out of operation since 2006 and has been pending completion since July,
South Africa, June 19 : The Indian Junior Hockey Team beat South Africa 8-0 in the second match of their tour to South Africa.
I would like to add that this road from Wahshari-Khliehshnong, Sohra to Laitduh village has not been repaired or improved for many years and as of now, this road has been destroyed and does not connect. It is difficult to say that it is a traffic road and the condition of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people who pass through this road and especially to the school children and also to the sick. not difficult.
“Many of these government-trained doctors are still going to their PGs.
According to the Calendar :-1) In 1948, Jawaharlal Nehru inaugurated the construction of the Jowai Garampani Road.
We understand that the price we have to pay if we draw electricity from the Sun is not easy.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF-Western Region) has arrested two elderly men from Langpih area.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 06: Kong Tyrun Kharkongngor, 125 years ago in 1897, in 1897, before Sir Griffith Griffiths, a missionary doctor from Wales, promised to become a Christian if Jesus Christ heard her prayer. It was a miracle and it can be said that it was also the beginning of the Presbyterian Church in Laitlyngkot.
Mukhaialong SC beat Ladrymbai BSC 2-1. One goal for Mukhaialong came in the form of an own goal scored by Samkut Shylla in the 31st minute and Bino Phawa in the 38th minute.
On the same day, the EJNC will also hold a Mombati burning ceremony at the same place to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the death of those two sons of the district who passed away. They included a woman and a youth from Wapung village (skur).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw expressed his gratitude to the village leaders and Rangbah Kur who have worked together to find ways and means to implement this water scheme.
They also said that if the government really wants to eradicate the use of plastic, it should find another way to replace the song with plastic.
Complaints should be sent by Ordinary Post or Speed ​​Post with the subject “Dak Adalat” on the cover and addressed to Sr.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District has announced that the ration of NFSA (AAY and PHH) and non-NFSA including Ata for the last June to release and distribute through various ration shops.
(Vide section 76 Act.1376) The boundary of the Hima Nongmynsaw according to the letter of demand dated 10.04.1937 of Chete Rani Syiem Nongbah extends to the State of Assam Cannabis.
The polling for the election of the new MLA from this constituency will be held on the 10th of this month while the re-polling will be held on the 13th of this month.
Besides this foundation, the newspaper 'U Nongsain Hima' has been around for a long time and the readers have already known, recognized, become accustomed to reading this Khasi newspaper.
He said that they are still grateful to the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) for allowing them to play at their ground on the 3rd ground because the 2nd ground of the SSA is not good enough to play but because of the lack of ground. had to be played constantly.
The party will ensure that the procedures for the strengthening of the party will be completed before this month (Nailar) and the State Election Committee will look into it according to the requirements outlined in the “It's the party's constitution,” said Bah Mawrie.
Shillong, Lber 27: The residents of Riwar area have been suffering from the price of agricultural products which has dropped sharply compared to last year.
Slide 3.
“The players have played well in the last two games and we will continue this game,” said Alison.
Jammu: A curfew has been imposed in Jammu and Kashmir followed by a curfew in some parts of the state.
Police have registered a case No. 27 (01) 2022 U/S 120 (B)/427 IPC R/W Section 5 Explosive Substances Act and the investigation is ongoing. .
And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen" Luke 2:15-2
As it turns out, the Khasi people inherit from the mother and not from the woman.
He was also very angry with the Israelites, but he remembered the covenant between Abraham for the nation of Israel and promised to bring salvation to all Israel.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: “Don't expect me to approve your order, even until the day of my death,” said the CEM of KHADC. tian judgment in the court.
In the 2008 MLA elections, Purno contested himself from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) from Tura and also contested with his two sons, James PK Sangma and Conrad K Sangma. .
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Sunday said that Delhi police have seized the DVR of CCTV cameras installed inside the residence of Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwal in connection with the incident. Investigation into the evidence of Swati Maliwal's assault.
At the time of writing, it was reported that the earthquake with cold weather was passing west and no other reports were received that the earthquake had damaged other parts of the country. part of the area.
They should know that it is the nation of the land of the nineteenth generation that has given them the right to live in the fields they have now to take care of us the people of the country and not to destroy our own race. as you throw.
According to the CM, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, the estimate for all expenditure will be T.25,574 crore, excluding the repayment of debt of T.1,498 crore.
Regarding the resignation of the two EMs of ARPA who have joined the opposition under the banner of the PDF, Adelbert said, “We are not surprised at all, because i told you this is not the first time".
(JHADC).
On the same day, the union said that it will take action to meet with Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare to ask for clarification why the equipment was taken away. These equipments were donated to the Maternity and Child Hospital in Upper New Nongstoin.
Getting enough sleep is what can help with energy expenditure.
He said that this step is to ensure that there will be a strong effort to improve these wells.
“On the other hand, the NPP leader said that the VPP has only four MLAs who have spoken on this issue while 56 other MLAs understand it.
The election of one political party to another has continued until today where the state has witnessed only one day of the decision of the voters who will vote for the election. rule in these five years.
The same is true for parents who send their children to school, if their children do not reach these targets, the bullet marks that reach outside the circles are no longer counted.
However, they have not been able to release them to cleaner and fresher waters until the cause of their death has been investigated and if their death was not due to any disease. .
All these are personal interests, we should ask the question if we all vote for personal interests who will vote for a good hospital, who will vote for good roads good who should vote for good schools and colleges who should vote for clean governance.
The Minister of Finance also announced the construction of 2000 beds at Nizam's Institute of Medical Science, bringing the total number of beds in the hospital to 3489 beds.
India are in Group A along with Nepal and Bangladesh.
According to the new arrangement, the election will be held at a special general body meeting on November 21 from 11 am to 1 pm, while the counting of votes will be held at 1:30 pm.
Shillong, July 06 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today planted and planted seed balls with school children at SICPAC, Shillong as part of the celebration of World Environment Day.
Khan was dragged away by police and security guards at the scene.
This is the Khasi language.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said the roads ready for construction are the Bypass to Diengpasoh road which has been allocated about Rs 40 crore from the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
In view of the target of the scheme, 11 projects worth T.1503.44 crore, including 7 projects announced in the 2022-2023 budget, have been selected for release. This is the fiscal year 2022-2
New Delhi: After three days as Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis today resigned as Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
In addition, the District authorities said that the number of people infected with ksew in the State has increased significantly in the past 10 years, from 5302 cases in 2022 to 9611 cases in
Caption: The Bishop who is still being ordained a Priest.
Many of those who have money are those who have earned money.
The WJDSA has organized this training to provide information and skills to the youth who wish to become referees to conduct football matches in the district.
Sunday also reminds not only Christians, but all the people of the world that it is not a day for people to celebrate and celebrate with the festivals of the world, but a day for mankind to and he shall worship the Creator.
Some 2,000 times the Bible refers to Jesus' second coming.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Society for the Promotion of Tourism (SPT) on the 24th and 25th of this month will hold a festival to showcase many of the famous tourist attractions in East Jaintia Hills. The festival will be held at Khliehriat.
This secret has corrupted many of the people.
The Minister's visit to the power project in West Bengal was to review its operation and to be able to implement it in the state which is facing many challenges in terms of electricity.
The villages passing through this bridge include Jaliakhola, Sankhat and Hawai Bhoi and others as well as the BSF. In this regard, the KSU War Jaintia Circle has urged the government through the PWD department to immediately repair the bridge. This bridge is for the convenience of the people to walk and stand especially as the rainy season approaches.
“We have given 48 hours to the government to release this leader immediately without any restrictions otherwise we will think of another way,” said Pynbiang Rymbai VP HNYF. ER with a strong condemnation to the police who arrested Bah Syngkon.
The village council has also urged the residents of the village to resolve any disputes related to the household or family affairs in a manner that is in accordance with the community so that nothing untoward will happen.
“Now, in fact, they have cleaned all the synrums and the construction of the foundation has gone smoothly and now they have purchased the prefabs and soon they will be delivered to this site and they will start repairing, " don't say.
Nongpoh: The District Court and Session Judge, Nongpoh, today issued an order to release the bail of Samla Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) North Khasi Hills District. He was arrested in Mawsyntai.
During a panel discussion involving hub managers, leading horticulturists and florists offered their experiences, challenges and discovery of new technologies within the sector.
On the topic of Poshan Scheme, SSA Scheme etc, Bah HC Lamin, I/C SDSEO, Amlarem said that the Government is now providing food items to all government schools to ensure that the students receive the food. who built.
He said he voted for the VPP because it is the party that fights against corruption.
Nongpoh, June 23: The Raid Nongtung Circle in collaboration with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area and the RBYF Raid Nongtung Circle have concluded one of the two days traditional festival. It is known as 'Shad Lakhempong' one of the traditional dances of the Raid Nongtung.
Therefore, Article 16 (4) of the Constitution was amended which states: “Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision for the reservation of appointments or posts in favor of any backward class of citizens which, in the opinion of the State, is not adequately represented in the services under the State.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Executive Member (EM) of the Market Department of KHADC, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri on Tuesday informed in the Budget Session that the Council has collected about T.35 lakh. the revenue from the Council's Markets in the year 2022-2
What has happened to the excessive use of Facebook and other sites by children besides the use of games is unacceptable, many children have lost the ability to participate in their studies. .
: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government in a meeting held today, has decided to temporarily close the six entry gates. There are no entry exits throughout the state.
When it comes to the wells that flow in the streams and rivers, man begins to destroy them by digging stones, by destroying the places where there are wells, by destroying them. , because from such a place, he was very happy because he had the opportunity to earn a lot of money.
China says seven new cases in Shaanxi province have been reported from Russia.
If the relationship is not right, Be quick to leave; Don't listen to your feelings inside, Because you can't force or control.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit hopes for the best and expects the government to look into it,” said the statement.
He urged the people and villages to be vigilant for the implementation of these development projects in the delivery of drinking water as they understand that water is the most important thing in the country. people's livelihoods with the belief that as in previous years many households used to fetch water from wells where they had to walk a long distance from the house but when water can be supplied to every household it will be a blessing for the people of the village.
A father (who did not want to be named) of the students who encountered this incident said that his children had decided to open an account after receiving instructions from colleges and schools. The deadline for applications has been set for 31st November.
Dr Aman War, DHS (MI), said that the new cases on Tuesday include 70 BSF personnel, 18 civilians from East Khasi Hills District, five cases from Ri Bhoi and one from East Jaintia Hills.
“May this writing of mine open the way for you to try to think differently or to ask questions.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
Speaking at these four villages, Ampareen said that all the supporters of the NPP party from Mawkynrew should not sit back and vote for other parties because when they win. They don't know the supporters, but if the people elect him, the development of Mawkynrew constituency will flow with the help of Bahduh Kanang.
Alan Niangti said the union will monitor all the pending schemes and projects from Umngot Water Supply Project, Iawmusiang, MCH Hospital, cleanliness, village roads and other development projects to improve. improve the city of Jowai and its surroundings.
The AMM Foundation, the company that provides aid to the Murugappa Group and Germany's biggest football team, Borussia Dortmund (BVB), have announced a partnership between the two countries. starting from November this year.
In the latest rankings released by the ICC regarding the ODIs teams, the Indian men's team has been relegated to fourth place, behind the Pakistan are three goals behind Australia, who are still ranked number one in the world.
Panah, who had planned this in advance, became angry one by one as the time of that night passed.
“We are free from many kinds of fees because we have a District Council which has empowered us,” he added.
This was announced by HSPDP Vice President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit while talking to reporters after submitting the petition to the government on Tuesday.
Sangma, who is a medical doctor, explained that the virus is powerful and people need to know how to fight against it and be prepared for what we need to do. do.
Mulayam Singh Yadav was admitted to the Medanta Hospital in Gurugram, where he was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU).
There are also areas in North Rhine Westphalia and Hamburg and Berlin, where 2,754 people have been infected and 16 have died.
He said that if there are any Khasi who do not own these shops, they should come to the KHADC for clarification.
Through this recent reform, and reforms to come, the coal industry has been ready to face the challenges ahead and continue to meet India’s energy needs.
A strong storm struck the town of La Chaux-de-Fonds in northwestern Switzerland on Monday.
The Government has also submitted a proposal to the World Bank for funding to operate electric buses in the state as this will also reduce the pollution in the city.
The DC's office also clarified that shops, beauty parlours, cyber cafes, gaming parlours, cinema halls, lottery counters and shops under Stand Jeep cannot open until further notice. even.
To facilitate the dissemination of the findings of NAQUIM, these have been shared from time to time with the State Governments.
The race was inaugurated by the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy in the afternoon.
“All activities outside the classrooms of schools in East Khasi Hills should be suspended until further notice,” said the Deputy Commissioner in a statement.
The Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij, Jowai on Tuesday donated money to the Chief Minister Relief Fund (CMRF) for COVID-19 as part of its support to the State Government in the fight against the spread of the disease.
“However, at 9:00 pm we received a phone call from her (Bah Shanbor) mobile phone but it was spoken by a man who had called from Mawlai Nongkwar Patarim.
In synropktien, in addition to the words synlar or khiathew, there are also groups of words which express and explain according to the meaning of a subject.
A total of 1,804 people, including 218 women, have died from drug abuse in the past 39 years, which dates back to
“We will ensure the visibility of our police so that the people can feel happy and confident,” said the Prime Minister in reply to a motion moved by Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar in the House. regarding the problems faced by the people living in the border areas.
“After the court passed the order in 2022, we filed an affidavit (on the matter) at least three times in which we pleaded with the court to allow us (Government ) to implement the Roster System from now on not from the past years and not from 1972,” said Prestone.
Nongstoiñ, March 24: The HANM, WKSU, UHM, WYF and MYF have expressed their dissatisfaction with the end of the Cherry Blossom Festival on u God.
Prestone said the opposition leader will issue new allegations against the National People's Party (NPP) from tomorrow until the 26th of this month. it's the day of voting.
“Now, with the order of the Court, I don't know how the high levels will react," he said.
The petitioner said that the government knew about this, but did nothing against those factories.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25: The road in Umden Pyllun village which includes Umden Khasi, Umden Nongtluh, Langphadur and Manipur, has been badly damaged and has been delayed in the construction of the road by the PWD department, Nongpoh Division. Ri-Bhoi Youth Development & Social Organization (RBY DSO), Umden Circle.
The GNLA has formed the Eagle Hunters of seven special teams to attack the police at any time and in any place.
Let us hope that God will keep Bah Ardent long on earth.
In Maharashtra, there have been 771 new cases and 35 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The owners of Shallang are selling land, The Dkhars are building houses on the streets, Sangsot is our Lyngngam children, They are being criticized by the authorities.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should abolish the personal interviews in various departments of the state government. Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Vice-President Bah Thomas Passah said that if we look at the example of the central government, the Personal Interview has been abolished for interviews in its jobs from 1st July
The HNYM led by Bah Louis Dohtdong as its President, today met with the Rangbah Shnong of Pilangkata, the leaders of these two groups and also the police of Pilangkata Police Outpost. to inquire about the arrival of 104 residents from Manipur including those who came to take refuge in Maikhuli and Pilangkata.
He also referred to the statements of Bah Vincent in the media in the past few days and on the statements of MPU, he said, “If he continues to make such childish statements, it shows. “He has not yet qualified to become an MP,” said Robert, adding that the leaders should not intimidate the people by saying that the road construction project will be taken away.
Shillong: Lawmali have become the first team to qualify for the semi final of the 4th Assam Rifles Invitation Football Tournament at Laikot Ground.
He said that in fact many of the people welcome the government's appointment of a Judicial Inquiry where the report will be awaited to punish those involved in the incident.
Another Kenyan who was supposed to take the drugs was also arrested later in Mumbai, DRI officials said. -ar, he denied carrying a song of drugs.
The Dorbar Shnongs of Bakur and Dawki have tried hard to resolve the issue, but have not been able to do so, said the statement. Dawki and Pynursla Police Station, but nothing has been done yet.
Speaking at the opening of the Legislative Assembly, the Governor said that the electricity shortage in the state is 20-30 percent.
On the other hand, JACATAM has requested all teachers from Primary to College teachers to attend the meeting to elect new office bearers. notification if they do not receive a letter.
He also performs rituals, prayers and prayers to walk, to be healthy, to be successful in all the affairs of the Kur.
I remember you very well and I told Riia that I will send you back when I have time...” Riia's father turned.
At present, the protest of the Sengbhalang is still going on where the night curfew is still going on and there have been incidents of burning of vehicles, burning of offices and others.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit did not attend the meeting yesterday, but Pastor Pyrtuh was sitting with him.
These days, because of the way of life, because of the increase in income, where even children can get whatever they want because their parents provide for them, many children don't have enough. They like to eat healthy foods, but they prefer to eat junk food like chips, chocolates, and others.
In 1831, a Dkhar Bengali from West Bengal named Krishna Chandra Paul (K.
In a statement from the office of the DEO Ri Bhoi, it said that these candidates, who violated the rules of the MCC, have been prosecuted under the rules of the Representation of People Act, for holding meetings without permission. you are the one who is right.
Finally, it talks about the fear through fake news and unfounded information that intimidates the public and sends their messages.
US police on Tuesday arrested two children and charged them under the law in connection with the deaths of four people and injured 32 others in a shooting at a party. to celebrate its 16th anniversary in the Alabama town in recent weeks.
The meeting was attended by Eric Kevin Dkhar, EAC Ri Bhoi, PS Marweiñ, Dy.SP, BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi. District, Mr. M Thongni, Rangbah Shnong of Erpakon, Mr. Lamborlin Kharshilot and others.
These are the two parts of the scheme under the Dravidian system of rule,” Stalin said.
The corruption discovered by the US authorities has also led to the resignation of former FIFA president Sepp Blatter.
One of the foreigners, Nisar Ohmod, 28, who owns a shop in the market, said that there were three shopkeepers who admitted to being policemen. They entered his shop and demanded money from him, about 10,000 tyngka. When the foreigner said he didn't have any money, the police threatened to shoot him if he didn't have enough money. He did not give them the money and in fear the foreigner gave them only 5,000 rupees and after receiving the money they left his shop without breaking or destroying the tar.
It is worth mentioning that Iewduh is the oldest market in the state, where the government in the past years, has tried to renovate it but so far has not succeeded.
1670 teachers have passed from Upper Primary and 2900 teachers have passed from Lower Primary.
On the other hand, the Minister of Electricity, James Sangma, said that the Electricity Department has heard the complaints of the retired employees, due to the lack of pension. The electricity department is struggling to find ways and means to release their donation.
He said that the meeting decided to start the membership of the union from 1st to 30th November and urged the truck owners to register members otherwise the union will not be responsible if any problems arise. in any of their movements.
However, the UDP has proceeded to announce the name of the candidate for the Sohiong constituency.
Indeed, there is still time to implement it by 2030 across the country so why is NEHU in a hurry to implement it in a slow manner.
Nevertheless, the government is also conducting a thorough review of the Court’s decision.
According to Bah Rowel, the Prime Minister has not yet called for any discussion on the proposal to award the electricity projects to the companies.
Therefore, on these grounds, the JSU stands against and demands that the State Government should not listen to the demands of some selfish people, but should listen to the voice of the people and for the good. of those who are not church.
The incident happened at Ladrymbai when people were passing by on the NH-4
JOWAI: U Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government has allocated funds to promote tourism in the state.
On the other hand, the President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Commander Shangpliang, after inspecting the damage to crops due to the floods and flooding of crops. of Jashiar Village and along the Rilang River.
If it is for us to continue to implement it, it must have firm and proper foundations on which we will have no hesitation in implementing it.
All these issues will be discussed on that day, but surprisingly on the 26th, no information was received on the venue and time of the meeting. as promised.
Ri Bhoi United FC is a strong club but in this match it was Lamare's turn to score the winning goal before the end of the match. .
About that, Jesus had already said – “When therefore ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
Speaking to media, Hek said that regarding the vaccines for the age group of 18 to 45 years, the government will have to write to the Government of India for assistance.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Thursday strongly condemned the excessive use of force by the police against the protesters. The construction of a dewbilat factory at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District.
According to information received, the shopkeepers had sent to buy diesel, but when the buyer brought petrol, the shopkeepers put it inside the stove. They tried to extinguish the shop, but at the same time, the shop suddenly caught fire and caused a huge loss to the owners of the shop.
Conrad K Sangma also urged the parents in the state to ban and be vigilant to prevent children from leaving their homes to play on the streets as part of the prevention of the spread of the disease. you are infected with the corona virus.
The arrested suspects were identified as Raymon Warjri (20) of Mawlai, Headingson Kurbah (21) of Mawlai, Samkisoh Shabong (18) of Mawlai, Lamdingstar Kharkrang. (20) Mairang and one 16-year-old.
The Government wants to keep the people in their homes, to have peace, if in this way even the insurgents can bring peace, why do we need police?” she asked. KHNAM.“KHNAM strongly condemns this border crossing taken by the Government.
Meanwhile, the office has now made a new decision by allowing up to 25 people.
The State Government for the second time has sent a letter to the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to invite the party to participate in the first meeting of the committee on the Roster System which was held in on Sunday.
“I have sent my resignation letter as a founding member of the UDP and from all the posts held in the party,” said Bah Tariang in a statement to the President of the UDP. The Dorbar Pyllun of the Hima Mylliem was held today because the opposition wants to bring about a show of force to show the paid, said Minister MB Kharlukhi who added the speech of Pa Thwelson Manik Syiem, the youngest chief, who conducted the dorbar.
Besides Section 144 CrPC, the DM of EJH has also added Section 10(2) of the Disaster Management Act,
(A man’s life does not consist in the abundance of his possession.
“What is the body or the soul?” That is the question, The body lives for a few days, We will reach another country.
Shillong Lajong Football Club have won the Chakradhar Deka Football Tournament in Assam after beating Delhi FC 3-1 at Nalbari Stadium on Tuesday.
A thorough investigation has been conducted into the case, said the SP of East Khasi Hills.
TMC President Charles Pyngrope informed the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leaders in Kolkata recently.
The union has also informed the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development about the establishment of this special committee. for any activities related to the development of agriculture.
“Therefore, I feel sorry for myself, because until now there is no law to look into this issue, so that the teachers should get their rights,” he said.
Finally, the Seng requests the Forest Department, especially to look into and not allow the smuggling of timber into Assam and the Seng warns that from now on, it will arrest and hand over to the law enforcement authorities. This was stated by the President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle, Bah Mishal Chyrmang.
“He is the only one, among many others, who sends me to work, to send me to do these things, but I don't hesitate and I do what he sends me to do. soul to you".
On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie said that in the past months, the NPP candidate has brought to Mawlai the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, to distribute the scheme. Mawlai from one time to another.
Furthermore, according to paragraph 3(4) of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, the areas falling under the tribal areas in Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura will be exempt from the application of the Act.
Archbishop Victor, while congratulating Fr.Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri, who prayed for the new Judge, asked the world to confess the faith of the Apostles.
* Cars and motorcycles* Mobile phones* Silver* Gold* Vegetable, fruit juices, including orange and cranberry* Sunglasses* Miscellaneous food preparations other than soya protein* Perfumes and toilet waters* Sunscreen, suntan, manicure, pedicure preparations* Preparations for oral dental hygiene, denture fixativepastes and powders; dental floss* Pre-shave, shaving or after-shave preparations,* Deodorants, bath preparations, depilatories, perfumery* Scent sprays and similar toilet sprays* Truck and Bus radial tyres* Silk Fabrics* Footwear* Colored gemstones* Diamonds* Imitation jewellery* Smart watches/wearable devices* LCD/ LED TV panels* Furniture* Mattresses* Lamps* Wrist watches, pocket watches, clocks* Tricycles, scooters, pedal cars, wheeled toys, dolls'carriages, dolls, toys, puzzles of all kinds* Video game consoles* Articles and equipment for sports or outdoor games, swimming pools and paddling pools* Cigarette and other lighters, candles* Kites* Edible/vegetable oils such as olive oil, groundnut oil.
The role and influence of social media works best in those countries that are enlightened as well as in those people that are educated and enlightened.
Furthermore, as a school teacher, he urged the children to become journalists and spreaders of the message on the dangers of drinking or smoking, as these affect not only those who smoke. “We don't smoke and it affects others who don't smoke that as school children we have to continue to preach about the harmful effects of tobacco on our health,” he added.
The Corona Virus or COVID-19 is a disease that originated in China in November 2019 and has claimed thousands of lives and tens of thousands of lives. This disease is spreading all over the world.
Twelve organizations took part in the protest today, demanding that the Assam government should take immediate action.
They said that the killing of Khasi in the area has not happened only this year but has happened from time to time where the killing of Khasi is like animals lying on the ground.
The MPLAD expenditure for the next two years will be Rs 7,900 crore and will go to the Consolidated Fund of India, said Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
The World Bank is a partner who has contributed significantly to the development of Meghalaya and will continue to provide support,” he said.
According to Dr Donkupar, the purpose of the coup has two parts, one is to overthrow the government and the other is to convey the issues faced by the people of the state.
It is my duty as the father of the constituency to advocate for their rights in order to raise them on the basis of humanity...” said Bah Nongrum.
The Education Policy for 2020 states that all schools from Class A to Class V will have to teach in the mother tongue.
Senggamchi took six wickets while Kambesa (2/6) and Silkamchi Marak (2/13) contributed.
How can we struggle to buy and eat only Khaw Khasi or Khawla, that is, to reject all kinds of Khaw 'Khar, without forgetting the Khaw Ration?
Shillong, Nailur 19: Vendors in Sohra area have complained about the decline in their market during these days of protests and curfew. The lack of tourists in the area these days has decreased significantly.
They said that they are now expecting and hoping that the new MLA will show that the work speaks louder.
It is understood that there will be a dismissal of these EMs tomorrow and CEM Bah HS Shylla has said that he will start dismissing these EMs tomorrow. The election for the Deputy Chairman of the KHADC will be held on the 20th of November at 11 am.
Even in the midst of such negligence of the managing committees of schools, many fourth teachers have not received their salaries for six months, even though the government has issued orders due to the lack of thought of the secretaries and presidents of schools. The managing committee is requested to think about the teachers because not only they need to survive but we teachers are still people who have to eat and support our families. Thank you very much sir. to you,.
We often find that even if the speaker prepares for only two days, when the service is over, he receives an envelope containing at least 500 or 1000 tyngka.
He said that there is hope that the aspirations of the people will be fulfilled.
Speaking to media, HNYF Shillong City President Bless Dkhar said that the HNYF Shillong City is concerned about the appearance of new buildings in Mawlong Market as reported in the media.
The source said that as it is, some of the Khasi settlements in Block-I and Block-II are not only one but scattered.
However, the question is, how much this era of social media will really affect the MLA Elections 2023 which will be held soon on 27th June
“The state government will take a decision at the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. news after a meeting with leaders of various political parties.
However, before the end of the first half, Banraplang Nongsteng scored the second goal in the 90th minute to give the team a 2-0 victory. point.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Police have arrested more Sengbhalang leaders involved in the ILP protest last year after the government through a Special Court filed a case against them under the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Act. Order (MMPO).
The explanation on the portal has been given to all the States/UTs at the first and second meetings before its opening which was held in November and April.
On the issue of issuance of trading licenses by the KHADC, he said that there are those who talk about this but he said that before when he was not in power how could he go and issue and now when he is in power he will go and issue.
The AJCCTA does not recognize Kyrshan Dkhar because from the very beginning he was not a transporter and he had only one truck.
However, little do we know that Lt.T.Bn.
Forty-six members were also elected.
Promila Turkey and Sr.
“It is the ministers who have visited the land and according to the report they have submitted, I will confirm or issue the patta,” said the paiem.
“Sohiong Constituency does not have UDP leaders, but today the turnout of thousands of residents shows that the people of this constituency have rejected the leaders here because they are like a little lamthang, which is eaten, which does nothing.
He said there were no differences of opinion within the party and everything was in order.
Pynthorlangtein beat West Madan Mustem 2-1 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy sponsored by WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
For whatever reasons, he met with Mukul Sangma in 2013-14, he was surprised in this way, in the Congress party and after that, he started to gather the people. MDC along with other members of the public and formed the PDF, which is the party he founded himself and the party has done well, winning four MLAs in the elections. elections 2018; Unfortunately, he did not win and after that, he will leave the party before the MDC elections
For the time being, the party will appoint an acting president until a full president is elected in November.
On my part, I have talked to resolve the issues from time to time but as the party has not listened, although as one of the faithful workers I have worked hard to improve the party in the district. I also saw that in the district, my mother, Bah Khymdeit, did not allow me and in the Youth Wing, Pyrsa, Bah Jefrey Khymdeit, did not allow me. Asked.
Regarding their support to Star Cement, Bah Stanley said that in the years 1988-89, this village was poor, they didn't have a road, they didn't have enough drinking water, they didn't have enough water. Because of these problems, the villagers have turned to Star Cement for assistance, and through the help of Star Cement, it has made it easier. to the people of this city.
“The prime minister has not interfered with any department held by others,” said Mominin.
However, if necessary, the select committee will appeal against the Pension Act in the High Court.
On the 1st of July, a man died in Kurong village, Padaldoba, Tikrikilla, West Garo Hills.
He said that the Council will issue a decision today that the kilo cut in all the markets within the KHADC boundary will end.
Now I am staying isolated at home.
I want to tell you to accept the truth by judging and turning to yourself where you are now.
In Bangladesh, 40 people have died of Covid-19, the highest number of deaths today, bringing the total to
He said two persons were killed and another seriously injured in Oidoba under Garobadha.
At the same time, the union warns the shopkeepers not to open their shops to foreigners who do not have a trading license and the union will punish them according to the law.
The KSU also said that the Council should expedite the issuance of documents across the areas under the jurisdiction of the JHADC so that those who arrive without proper documents will face severe punishment.
Before the discovery of this technology, the payment was slow and difficult and took more than 4 months, besides taking time, you had to bring documents and verification.
But it is not enough.
Lambor has contested for the MDC election but has not won.
The new cases are from East Khasi Hills 36, West Garo Hills 19, Ri Bhoi 8, South West Garo Hills 1, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
They were informed that if the man is suspected of having COVID-19, he will have to be tested before being taken to hospital.
Lajong Junior are unbeaten in the Group B Qualifiers and have eight points.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party is not in a hurry to decide on the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat as well as the upcoming MDC elections. long in this year.
No one was injured in the incident, as it was found that the neighbors, who saw the fire, called out and helped to extinguish the fire, where a police fire truck arrived. later.
The Sohra MDC also suggested to the Council to include lawyers, traders especially at the border who have to pay the Professional Tax. , which the Council used to charge T.1000 tyngka from a large factory, to increase the labor license and trading license as well.
“For others it may be a big reason, but for us it is a small reason,” said Bah Oris.
Edmund said that in a meeting with the Minister, the FRMLD has requested to set up a toll free number so that the public can send information to the Social Welfare Department and also to the Minister. Police in connection with drug trafficking in Pynursla area.
Such events happen from time to time to fulfill the writing of the Word of God before the establishment of THAT FINAL ABOMINATION which was spoken of by Daniel the Prophet as standing in the Holy Place. place) in Jerusalem, which means before the building of the Temple of the Fourth in Jerusalem that the Beast will rule from here on this earth for 3 and a half years.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time.
This comes after the team received assistance from the State Government for the tournament which will start from the 4th to the 13th of this month.
He said that many of the issues that the PDF has done and taken into consideration in this government have also been informed.
I will never be silent.
The Minister said that the construction of the university will be financed by the central government and the university will be supervised by the state government while there will be another team from the central government to oversee the implementation of the university. this project.
Many times we find and we find in the Trading License issue it is the women who come forward to be the protectors of these seinpuh by saying, Why do you issue Trading License to Khasi shops? .
Rida said alone. But when her eyes were closed, although her thoughts were heavy, she fell asleep in the darkness of the night.
NESFAS and its supporters work with 130 villages from across the country, and the biggest challenge it faces is how to change the way of thinking.
If the people continue to discuss national issues in money, with money and for money to elect legislators, it means that the issues have fled to the forest and the nation will be in terrible danger soon.
Surprisingly, after all the tests, there is no need to clean up but the medicines are available only in small quantities.
Three of them were in contact with an infected doctor who had traveled extensively to the Gulf countries.
The Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting strongly opposes the appointment of the Acting Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting because according to the Dorbar held on 18th June, the full Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting, Lephing Pyrtuh in the presence of the Dolloi of the village has already been elected. Amwi Elaka together with the Waheh Shnong, former Secretary Shnong and the residents of Sohmynting.
Similarly, in India, religious leaders often strongly condemn the events in India, especially in terms of secularism or religious freedom.
At present, the 108 Ambulance service has been temporarily taken over by the NHM within the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Regarding the Clan Bill, it was reported in the newspapers that the CEM has invited two Rangbah Kur to discuss the bill on 13/11/1
He said that it has appeared in the media that the HNLC has proposed to hand over IED bombs to its members to protest against the railway line. However, the KSU is not surprised that such statements have come from the government because in previous years there have been such statements.
Others accused in the case are the Election Commission of India and the Returning Officer of Baghmara constituency.
T.21 lakh has been paid to the police in Khliehriat, NRL Petrol Pump, Umkiang, Rata Cherra, Sanopur and other places from 30-9-2 18-10-2020, in which the name was written and paid to Linda.
“If you the people have suffered to listen to this speech today, if you give me victory, I will suffer for you for five years,” said Bah Kharmujai.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The CSWO has been surprised by the reply received through an RTI request on the death of police officer SI PJ Marbaniang.
He also informed that any type of plastic or plastic bags if not controlled affects not only the environment and when thrown into the streams or rivers it sets the streams which causes more pollution and damage to the environment. .
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body (FKJGP) has demanded the immediate revocation of the notification order to appoint MS Rao as the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong expressed his special gratitude to the MSSDS and Seng Kynjoh Shaphrang for providing benefits to the residents through this Skill Training.
Earlier, FKJGP Mawlai had met with the DC to express his concern about the complaints of the people who have not yet received any assistance or subsidy from the government for the users of buam shet.
The book, titled “Ka Phan Nonglait – A Lady Freedom Fighter of India”, was written by Supreme Court Chief Justice Daniel Stone Lyngdoh after a thorough investigation involving Salman Khurshid. released on 29 June 2022 has further emphasized the urgency of providing this recognition.
Health is one of the greatest assets of mankind and one of the most important qualities for maintaining good health is hygiene.
They also congratulated the State Government for taking measures to prevent the spread of the disease , but we feel that there is still a need to take more measures to prevent the spread of the disease this disease.
Behdieñkhlam in Jowai as I know is one of the biggest festivals in the district and the state as a whole, which has started since ancient times. God.
The Commissioner of Food and Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, who is also the DC of East Khasi Hills, has ordered to ban imported fish for 15 days and to punish with imprisonment for 7 years and The Khasi-Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers' Association (KHAWD) has appealed to the DC to clarify the order. They don't know where the fish that were found to contain formalin came from.
The article, which appeared yesterday, comes as a revelation of the facts, after allegations of rape of women priests in various parts of India these days.
Therefore, it is our responsibility as the citizens of this state who use the Khasi alphabet to commemorate this great man not only on this day, the 22nd July but also on the 22nd of July. a more accurate and complete commemoration by working with the government.
The DC said that nothing can be said yet, while the report has not been received and the Magistrate has left today to investigate the incident. There is no news that there is a flow of water outside the uranium deposits.
The complaint was lodged by Cherish's brother, GS Thangkiew.
The meeting was attended by the Presidents, Secretaries and supporters of the Party which was held at the Dorbar Hall of Dulong Jowai. UDP Meghalaya General Secretary Dr. Jemimo Mawthoh, Chief Advisor UDP Meghalaya, Kyrmen Shylla MLA and Nujorki Sungoh were also present at the ceremony. UDP WJHD President Moonlight Pariat, MDC WG Sungh, MDC Finelyness Bareh, MDC Lasky Rymbai, MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC Michael Saioo and others attended the function.
The US military says the weapon is not difficult, but those who like to play video games can use the American weapons.
If the network operators in Dawki area in Pashum and Wahkdait cannot provide the networks, it is better to remove them completely.
Cherra Presbyterian School at Nongsawlia, Sohra is the oldest school in the state. It is also said to be the oldest school in the North East. 1847, that is, since the time of the British Government, which was established by the Missionaries from the West.
Yes, there are those who support the AITC but we need more winning candidates to form the party.
The Christian leaders said that they will meet the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is also the BJP Leader. has increased significantly in recent years throughout the North Eastern Region of India.
The states with the highest number of cases are Tamil Nadu with 35,579, Kerala with 30,491, Maharashtra with 29,911, Karnataka with 28,869 and Andhra Pradesh with 22,6
Jowai, June 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) today arrested two foreigners who came to buy tin jot from this village in West Jaintia Hills.
The two youths who were arrested by the police on 23rd June in connection with the killing of foreign workers in Mawlai Mawroh and Ichamati are members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
In this regard, various programs have been prepared in the districts they pass through including interviews with people related to “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” (BBBP) such as school children and young women who college students, women's SHGs, NCC cadets, CCI children, NYKS members, youth men and women, anganwadi workers and others.
The two children are Mebankynsai Suchiang (12), son of Risamaya Suchiang and Pyndapbiangmi Ryngkhlem (9) son of Lamshwadaka Ryngkhlem.
When asked why and one of the reasons why the KHADC wants to take it away, he said that the agreement to share half of the proceeds of the festival with the Hima Mawphlang, has affected the Council which had to take responsibility. While the Hima Mawphlang has taken over and this has made it difficult for the Council to improve and improve the needs.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Pala said most of the time people complain about the government and the district councils, but in fact it is not so.
The child was reportedly shot while playing in the backyard.
It is said that the chimpmanzee embryo would have been able to produce children if it had not been stopped by dropping the chimpmanzee embryo.
Sungoh said the incident happened when a puh shilum truck was carrying stones and earth to load the truck.
The BJP also demanded that the EC should immediately pay the salaries of the employees which has been suspended for six months.
Politics has spread to the rural areas of the country.
Thus, if 10,000 applicants apply for 10 vacancies, 9,990 applicants will lose their jobs.
here is the truth.
The incident occurred at about 3 pm.
Technology : the source of knowledge and understanding; tip is what you understand and what you know how to do.
“The Governor has made a clear proposal to all the rebel groups in the state to stop the bloodshed and to remain peaceful and come to talks with the government,” said Roshan Warjri. It is learned that the proposals of the Governor are those he has spoken on behalf of the government.
He was rushed to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong but died on the way.
Other medal winners were Marshal Mawiong (54kg), Pynshrainmiki Rabon (67kg), Pappu Thapa (51kg) bronze, Stepphyrnai Kharpein (51kg) and Badondorlang Nongrang (5 silver). , Rebacca Marwein – rnong (50 kg).
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, said that the Aapda Mitra Volunteers are the groups who have to take the responsibility to provide first aid to those affected by the power. natural disasters or other events that may affect the lives of people.
Isaiah 54:11.
At the meeting, other speakers also highlighted the economic downturn in the area as soon as the mine closed.
On the other hand, Assam has admitted that it has no information about the incident and the border incident.
Not only that, they warned that they will take strict action to arrest drunk drivers.
The match between the two teams will be played at 2:15 pm with the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
The 61.374 km Rangblang-Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road has been funded by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) at a cost of T.485.28 crore.
In intelligent countries, it has been seen that filmmaking is no longer in the world, but now it has reached the sky and that is that Russia will go to space to create Tom Cruise will also fly to heaven for another film.
Nongpoh, June 25: The village leaders and residents of Maikhuli have expressed their deep sorrow and strong opposition to the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, because a Dohkha pond has been raised in The village for hundreds of years has been transferred to Assam in the recent border settlement between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam.
One of the attempts of the MDA government to hide or cover up the killers is the investigation of the killers who killed (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai.
“During the President Rule, government employees arrived at the office at 10am and left at 5pm.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court said that the Khasi had no reason to file a complaint, but were going to disrupt the proceedings of the court.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The construction of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been delayed from time to time.
The Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while informing about this, said that there are 17 projects under the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Development Project which have been prepared for construction. among those who began to do the work.
“These AITC leaders are like sheep in sheep's clothing,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
Referring to the match between the police and the Deputy Commissioner's office against the journalists, in the first half the match ended without a goal, but in the second half with a lot of work. The police team managed to win the title by beating the journalist team 3-0
HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh has asked for time to consult with the residents of Mawlong Market before meeting with the government for the last time. to take the decision by consensus.
The CEM said that according to the soskular, it is clear that the district council should receive light, damage assistance and others.
In the fourth match, Da-i-hi Mynsngad beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-1
Until today, when the FKJGP went to the GPO to inquire more about the job, the interview for the applicants was still going on, where it was seen that many Khasi youths who had lined up to apply for the job. fight for vacancies in various villages.
The unrighteous: those who do not know anything about goodness or repentance.
SHILLONG: The CoMSO today decided to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 and demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
“This man was caught by the owners of the house while he was throwing three stones at the house.
In the month of October, the people of each village experience not only water shortage, but every year some villagers lose their homes and property, due to the loss of food. thylliej ding from the widespread burning of forests and mountains.
After the shooting, the man was seriously injured, although he did not die, but died while being taken to hospital. .
It is therefore necessary to find ways and means and fight as much as possible to overcome these problems faced by the state.
Shillong: One person has been confirmed positive for covid-19 at AW Thomas Girls Children's Home, Jaiaw Lumsyntiew and Flat A-1, Sutnga Apartment, Streamlet Road, Laban; Therefore, these areas will be closed from 2nd November
Shillong: The body of Bah Rishad Sing Kharmutee, who went missing from Iewduh on the 11th of this month, was recovered from the well at Boucher Road, Shillong on Tuesday. at about 6 o'clock.
The closing ceremony started at 10:30 pm and was led by Rgh Wom Chyrmang President and conducted by Meliyo Lyngdoh. The welcome speech was delivered by the Standing Adviser of SKSR 12-Daloi and the General Report was presented by the General Secretary Leki Sayoo.
Shillong, March 20: The 1897 Earthquake measuring 8.7 on the Richter Scale has struck again at Khyndai Lad on Saturday. The disaster response teams (IRTs) were conducted by the State and District Disaster Management Authorities.
MeFilMA also awarded certificates to the first two films, the Khasi film Synjuk Ka Ri Ki Laiphew Syiem and the other Dasaman. in the Jaintia film.
Sib Singh HSS in the second category won 10 Gold, 14 Silver and 10 Bronze medals.
As a result, garbage disposal is now the moneymaker.
In other countries that have become brighter and richer, it is the students who create jobs and their country will grow and become richer.
It is said that on 2nd June 1970, a large crowd came to Kirkit Laban Square to accept the Hill State or the full State but Indira Gandhi came to declare only the autonomous state. State or sub state is not known.
The union urges the government not to punish these bloodthirsty people severely, not to imprison them for life.
Therefore, the Seng says that the time has come for the Reservation Policy to be renewed.
In his speech, Singh said he would not allow the bill to be tabled in the Punjab Assembly and the State Assembly would not pass the bill, which is against the Constitution. India.
“I came alone with that question.
According to SOMALA, the hill tribes of Meghalaya can take measures against the proposed land acquisition as a way to prevent the acquisition of land by companies and to prevent the entry of foreigners.
“Mawsynram and Sohra are the same beauty.
The ksew and the miaw served not only to look after the cows but also to kill the snakes so that they would not come and eat the cows.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the government has already handed over the project to the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (NHIDCL). The NHIDCL will have to follow up with the Ministry of Defense for the road from Rilbong to Upper Shillong which falls under the Defense Land.
Nevertheless, not as I will, but as you will.
Shillong, Naitung 03 : There have been 101 new cases of COVID-19 in the state on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
He said that a residential school in the constituency known as Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) has been established which is still awaiting sanction and has already been approved by the Education Department.
“The village itself is ready to give the land,” he said.
“Shen on our part we will hold a meeting before we inspect these border areas,” said Bah Renik.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday in the presence of the Executive Member (I/C Taxation) Joseph Fantin Lakadong, Police Enforcement of KHADC, East Khasi Hills and Sohra Civil Sub Division have raided Majai village to raid shops of foreigners who trade without Trading License. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
We know that the State Government has agreed with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to take ownership of the land in Them Ïew Mawlong.
The Archbishop of Colombo said 110 people were killed in the bombing in St Sebastian, the deadliest place in the world.
He said the goal of the AAP is to bring a new political system free from corruption.
(The author is an Assistant Professor of Political Science at Synod College and former General Secretary of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association, Shillong).
According to the announcement, the election for the new Chairman of the Council is scheduled to be held on the 9th of November.
At the same time, Rakkam said that the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Union Government has also approved to provide financial assistance of up to T.6 crore for the improvement of roads in Garo Hills. Personally, this amount of money allocated is still too small to improve or maintain the roads.
Similarly, when the State Government of Meghalaya expressed the need for land for the State Sports Council, Meghalaya in 1979 to build a stadium and other requirements, Council, SRGT has agreed to lease 28.75 acres of its land at Polo Ground to SSCM. The Lease Agreement No. 30 was signed on 16th June,
Replying to a question on his confidence in being re-elected in the Legislative Assembly, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that he did not see that because of the love and trust that the people have given him. believe that he will succeed without a doubt.
Manuel Badwar, Secretary in charge of Social Media of the Congress, said the state government can increase the price of petrol and diesel as it used to do in the past.
Hon'ble Rev. JJM Nichols Roy (Bah Joy) was also appointed as one of the members of this Sub-Committee.
The panel of judges, comprising Chief Justice Dy Chandrachud, PS Narasimha and JB Pardiwala, took the letter sent by Solicitor General Tushar Mehta and the lawyers. Assam and Meghalaya regarding the suspension of the order of the High Court of Meghalaya.
“We should congratulate the MPs who opposed this Bill, the civil society organizations in this area who have worked hard to oppose this Bill,” said Process.
Gandhi was sued by former Gujarat MLA Purnesh Modi over Rahul's remarks, "How is it that all the thieves have the Modi clan?"
U Tymmen U San also stood up to pray before the Lord God that he would protect him, take care of him, and bless him, that there should be no soap, no snow, no snow, no snowstorm, no snowstorm, no snowstorm, no snowstorm. Such evil thoughts, which cannot be heard with one's ears or seen with one's own eyes, the Lord God himself will destroy all such things.
Peace on earth to those with whom he is pleased" Luke 2:13-1
The President of the Ri Bhoi District Boxing Association (RIBOA) has taken this first step to encourage the youth to showcase their talents. Boxing skills and through such a tournament will also allow the youth to spend time not only to get rid of alcohol and if they really have the skills to dress it will also be an opportunity for employment. jam in this age of prayer prayer prayer jam.
“How many more human lives will we lose and we will sin against the environment,” said the FKJGP in a statement.
In the middle of a spectacular match, Malki FC had another goal scored by Kordor Dkhar in the 17th minute.
The Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, said that following the news through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Assam that there are 19 cases of Coronavirus in Assam, It is time for the Government of Meghalaya to prepare and find ways to prevent this disease from entering our state.
APEDA is also preparing to launch various projects such as training of 80 local entrepreneurs and exporters, Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) and Farmer Producer Companies (FPCs) as well as officers. State Government, to conduct training and development in the fields of food processing, product development and others.
This is the fund through the Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
The film tells the story of her grief after the murder of her mother and relatives.
Speaking to media, Bah George Lyngdoh, u Bah George Lyngdoh, expressed his special gratitude to the people of Umroi for allowing him to be the Leader of the Legislative Assembly for the past 5 years. Last year, he also spoke on many issues for the constituency and the state as a whole.
Regarding the MP Election 2024, Cajee said that many of the people who attended the meeting from the TMC Mawkyrwat Block have the desire to win the election. TMC does not have any candidate to contest, so they have decided to support the VPP and INC. “It's not like we're going to be able to vote for the VPP or the Indian National Congress (INC),” said Cajee, but he added that the supporters should not support the VPP. NPP) because this party has already shown unacceptable acts,” he said and that is because of the support of the MP from Tura Parliamentary Seat to implement the CAA. The TMC from Mawkyrwat Block is ready to contest the MDC or MLA election.
If the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has been able to come to Guwahati in the first month of April, we will be able to go anyway in the second month of April,” he said. The two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have set up regional committees to find ways and means to resolve the issues in the seven border areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
Only the law can immediately ban and punish according to the Copyright Act of India,” he said. ABK Indigenous Films is an organization established to promote truly talented filmmakers. .
Sangma's request to investigate the allegation was that the fire brigade was slow to reach the scene, the report said.
Biden also made it clear that he strongly supports Ukraine's sovereignty and border and suggested that Putin arrange a meeting and talks on the issue. and others with ties between Russia and the United States.
The owner of Meghalaya Machineries, Vikash Nandwal, passed away earlier.
The Headquarters 101 Area of ​​the Indian Army celebrated its 60th Anniversary on Tuesday in Shillong.
Because the blueprint has been submitted to them since 30th November
Erik ten Hag's side will travel to North London for the match on Sunday.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mawthoh said that he has received many complaints about the delay in the implementation of this scheme in the state especially in urban areas where many of the eligible people have not been registered. and there were also those who went to another place and confused the people.
For the MDC elections to be held this month, Bah Nongrum has decided to support the independent candidate, Bah MD Syiem.
We hope that this Behdieñkhlam will reach its goal and we believe that as it is believed it will drive away the disease to the western countries.
He said the government is looking for ways to open a Model College which requires 15 acres of land between Kynshi and Mairang.
Today's matches are: Group A, Shillong vs. Umkseh, 3 pm; Group B, Jowai – Youth Club Pdengkarong vs. Ladthad Laboh, 2:30 pm; Group C, Mawkyrwat – Mawten vs Seven United, 3 pm; Group D, Tura – Warima Youth Club vs Atong Matgrik, 3 pm.
“Now it's quiet, nothing,” said the SP (Crimes).
Banwarilal touched the neck of the journalist after talking to reporters to clarify the audio recording of a speech by a teacher in Virudhunagar, in which she encouraged young women to They will fight with the University authorities to get high marks, between 80 to 85 percent and to get a lot of money.
Those who hid slap together in a shop looked at him.
If in 1902 it was up to class 6, why now in 2022 it is up to class
They also discussed the Memorandum of Understanding signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam on 29th October, 2022 before the Government of India to resolve the The reason is that the two Governments have the intention to fix the boundary in 6 places, in which Block-I falls under Phase-I. Phase II will start in November this year.
The Government of Meghalaya from 1972 to 2011 has tried to recover Block-1
“It is not the knowledge or the difficulty of getting admission but the most important thing is that sometimes the opportunity does not open when the parents are poor.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The MDA government should consider carefully the proposal to set up a casino in the state, said the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
This is the most common incident in these areas.
Not only the coal trade with Assam but the Government should also ban all-round as the exploiters can also enter through the border with Bangladesh.
It is gratifying that the Summit ended with a Joint Declaration which strengthened the belief in “Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam” – One World, One Family, One Future”.
“We will strive to complete on time to avoid new price hike due to delay,” he said.
“In the public service, there are always a few people who oppose, it cannot be overcome but most of the people support the project,” said James Neng, Chairman of the JAC. today.
“We are only day laborers and we don't have anywhere to go because we are Indians, please help us especially in this cold weather.
He said that the government's actions have caused many problems that have led to teachers sleeping on the streets, carrying Pla Cards, many kinds of protests and this is not a good path.
Through her hard work, she has brought about innovation in the fields of art and culture related to the culture especially in the traditional customs of the Khasi.
Our chiefs here collect taxes from the markets and from the goods that come out of this state and sell abroad.
Sir, this is our picture, in which you still love me and you have held fast to my wings all my life and you are the fire that burns any soul that touches you.
It is for this reason that many men of other ethnic groups attack women whether they are from other ethnic groups.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Ioanis Narleng, confirmed through proper documents that it belongs to Ailad Lating.
Our aim is to improve their income by providing more opportunities for them to earn a living.
It is not yet clear how the people in other states feel.
The suspension of Terminal Benefits, as well as the repayment of loans, have caused the PSU to increase its debt.
Preparations will be discussed with the Nodal Officer for COVID-19 in their respective States/UTs.(PIB).
"It’s not the bad things he does, but the good things he doesn’t do, not the wrong things, but the refusal to act, that makes him hopeless.
The documents required are Adhaar Card, Birth Certificate and other government recognized documents.
“When she complained, I told the Director that he should release her salary, why did he set the salary, and I asked why he should send her to stay at her house when her house is nearby. "It's a job," said Bah Ronie.
Speaking on the political situation in the District Council, Sawkmie said that the opposition has not done anything yet, because it wants to follow the right path. When asked how he feels, the CEM said that the ARPA is in the midst of a low paid and the opposition is still waiting for the EC to be dissolved. “Is it possible for that to happen?” said Bah PT Sawkmie. When they no longer have the majority".
After the arrival of his body on Sunday morning, his relatives and friends paid their last respects at his residence in Dakhingoan, Kahilipara, Guwahati and later. The body was cremated at the crematorium in Kamakya, Assam.
Some of the years have been hit by the forces of nature which have destroyed many farmers' households.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Government will implement the laws to curb the illegal mining of coal in the state and if anyone finds and lodges a complaint with the Government, the Government will take strong action, said the Chief Minister. K Branch.
“This shows that the government is hiding the facts by deciding to implement the Roster from the beginning,” said the KHNAM leader. words.
Shillong: Due to the deterioration of the school building, classes have been held in the shet ja for two years now.
Shillong, Lber 03: The State Police are working hard to thwart the attempt of the GNLA to resurface.
I agree that we need to shape children from 4-12 years because these are the most important years for the development of children.
Pynthorumkhrah Parish was formerly the only village church of Mawlai Parish. After getting its own Parish, it developed and created two more Parishes, namely, Mawpat Parish and Nongmensong Parish.
About 130-140 residents of Manipur arrived at Madanrting on the 12th of last month.
This can also build unity in the community.
The shop collapsed and the damage to the goods amounted to T.8 lakh.
“Let's go...” said Rida.
Alvarez played a part in City's five-point Premier League title win over Arsenal, Manchester United in the FA Cup final and 1-0 win over Inter Milan in the Champions League. Argentina's victory over France in the World Cup final in November.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit has strongly condemned all the MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU), especially the EC of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) for its refusal to take responsibility for the border dispute. in the States of Meghalaya and Assam.
Premier League side Manchester United will face Real Betis in the Round of 16 on Saturday, according to reports. the Europa League this season.
“Most of the time, I wear a mask, but I can't wear it for a long time, because I have polypus and if I wear it for a long time, I can't ring and breathe,” said Mishra. soul," said Mishra.
Besides the lack of peace in the market, the most striking thing in this market is the pollution although the Hima authorities have tried their best to collect the garbage every day.
Referring to the allegation by the Indian delegation that the Union Government has not done anything in this regard, he said that the Union Home Minister Amit Shah has Spending three days, he met with about 41 groups and visited the area most affected by the conflict in Manipur.
“If Dr Mukul and Charles Pyngrope want my opinion, we can sit down and I will advise them that it would be better for them to join the BJP before the election,” said Prestone. that's it.
In this regard, the SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang, has already sent a report stating that it is only a threat of someone and there has been no displacement as reported. paw.
On the other hand, the Minister said that by 2024-2025, the state will reach 100% ODF Plus by building 1,10,2 About 1553 private households have been assisted under the PMAY scheme, 570 Community Sanitary Complex Units will be constructed and 18 Fecal Sludge Management Units will be installed including also on the implementation of Govardhan or plastic waste collection center across the state.
As you can see, the current global crisis, unemployment and the ban on logging, shyiap, mawria, mawshun, coal mining has severely affected the people of Meghalaya in terms of income.
Among the many talents and visions of his country and nation, let us look at only three of the most important among them: One of his visions is that the Hynniew Trep who became a human being to this world to earn righteousness he began to fall away from this Foundation which is the Mother of all Truth.
Announcing this, the Lamphang said that according to the rules of procedure, the NC has been approved after receiving the support of 10 or more members and will be discussed tomorrow.
“We feel that this is an attempt to destroy the beliefs of other religions in this country,” said Bah Khongsit.
In the second leg, North Liberty Higher Secondary School beat Ialong 7-0 while Jowai Government UP/RMSA School beat Amwi 3-0 by 4-3 tie breaker.
He said that if this authority is strong, it will be able to investigate corruption cases in the state.
Also present were Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, Tata Trusts Head of Sports Biswanath Sinha, All India Football Federation General Manager Swati Kothari, children, parents and others.
f) Finally the group wants to know, “How long will they live on earth?” ANSWER: Do you and I really want to know that? If we want to know, it is as if we are counting our days on earth and when we will die.
On the other hand, the parents of the arrested persons have expressed their regret over this incident and especially the arrest of the police without any sufficient evidence to show that they are really involved in the crime. this is the work.
There were many traditional dances and traditional costumes according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi people of Hynniewtrep.
In the Under 15 Girls (Single), Netania T Tariang won the title while in the Under 15 Boys (single) category, Gavin Kharbuki won the title.
Hazarika said that the misuse of the MLA scheme in the 48-Mendipathar constituency according to the RTI investigation by Momin, shows that there is a fraud. The households who are entitled to receive or those who fall under the Below Power Line (BPL), have been deprived of their share.
In Jowai, Niaw Wasa United beat Sein Pynbhalang 3-3 in Group B in the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
At the same time, it will also encourage vehicles to be left at parking lots along with valuable items such as Lab Tops, Mobiles and other items that they have paid for so that thieves and robbers can. you can easily see what is inside the car.
“This is enough for us to provide for ourselves, pay for our household and pay for our children's school fees,” she said.
In order to expedite the preparation of the National Games for contracts worth T.50 crore and above, a special committee has been set up with the Chief Secretary as Chairman and Secretary. The PWD department will be the secretary and other members will be present.
The mineral resources in Bri Hynniewtrep belong to the indigenous people and have never belonged to the Government of India or the Government of Meghalaya.
Kishan continued to shine in the tied by scoring three 50-run half-centuries in the remaining matches, including one against Hyderabad and one in the semifinal against Mizoram.
The body of Arshal Rani was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) together with the Olympic Sports Community (OLS) will celebrate the 4th Edition of the Shillong 10K Run 2023 on the 24th of this month.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi, today, have arrested several foreigners, who have been arrested without proper documents. They have been involved in various activities in the Jirang area.
“I feel that this government does not take action and the burning of Modi's portrait is to protest against the government's lack of action on the issues of women,” she said.
“Although they had to fight against the power of the French, they were brave without hesitation because of true love,” he said.
Mawryngkneng MLA, Bah David Nongrum and other MLAs will also be present on the occasion. which will start from the 28th of this month until the Lord's Day on the 30th of this month.
Because I cannot understand the need for education to be a coolie, driver, day labourer, peon and other jobs.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 433 with 366 cases in East Khasi Hills, 42 cases in Ribhoi, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills, 2 in South Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, 1 in North Garo Hills.
In this regard, the same BJP government has said in the Assembly that there are more than 32,000 posts of teachers and principals which have remained vacant in many government schools and under the jurisdiction of the government. it is in secondary and higher secondary schools.
Tata Motors has also developed more efficient vehicles such as the Intra V50 and Ace Diesel to reduce fuel consumption and reduce costs for vehicle owners.
According to the Act, there will be a district task force headed by the Deputy Commissioner and members will be from the police, one leader from the Rangbah Shnong and one from the state leaders.
Shillong, March 30: The Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 with the aim of ensuring the safety and security of the residents of the state. tenants living across parts of the state.
The unfounded promises of the governments that have come and gone in various fields to provide for the needs of the citizens have ended like the end of time for the previous governments.
“The Union does not want the Uniform Civil Code to come into force in the state as it affects the customs and traditions, the ownership of land under the Sixth Scheduled and even the KHADC which is responsible for the customs and traditions. “If the Uniform Civil Code comes into force,” said Bah PB Sylling, “the union has also opposed the Uniform Civil Code.” “The Meghalaya Government (MDA II) should strongly oppose and speak in the Legislative Assembly to strongly oppose the Uniform Civil Code,” he said.
“The opening of this cleanliness center is also part of the prevention and control of the pollution of the nearby rivers Phot Sala, Phot Umnew, Phot Mawpon and lower Phot,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Dhar/Nongdhar Lumpung, Shillong is deeply saddened and deeply saddened by the incident ha Smit on the night of 16th Nailar 2013 in which three persons including one Nongdhar Kur have lost their lives. in the judgment of the people, because of the judgment of menshohnoh.
Speaking to reporters, NEC Secretary Ram Muivah said the NEC often writes letters to all the state governments in the North East and has called for discussions on the issues related to the NEC. she funded and insisted that they should provide UC on time.
He said that last year in the MP elections, the BJP had a vote bank of about 70,000 voters and it is expected to increase to 100,000 voters. Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
This is also because the elections (February 2023) are approaching and every political party needs money to buy and educate the people through money.
S Sumer Secretary of the Seng Kur Sumer Sariang Lapangap, said that the village has faced difficulties in coming and going due to the lack of road since the past until now and this has affected the income of the villagers. The development of the village is especially in the field of goods and services. The people during the rainy season cannot go to the market by car due to the poor condition of the road and the flooding. There is a stream that has to pass through this road to reach Lapangap village.
Two women from the United States have been charged with playing with a child as a toy after spreading news of a party in Daytona Beach.
The Interstate Border Area Development Program is a scheme for the people of the border area which all the villages in the Nongpoh Constituency have not yet received. About 23 villages covered by this scheme have started receiving development works and benefits.
“We should not be deceived once in three years but we will elect accurately on the basis of the manifestos that the parties have proposed and written,” said Bah Robert. it is not a once-in-five-years festival but to replace inactive representatives and rejoice that the Constitution allows for a new replacement of representatives once every five years.
Therefore, due to the movement of VVIPs, there will be a slight traffic jam in many parts of the city and on the road for VVIPs (only one side will be allowed to pass the vehicles while the vehicles carrying the VVIPs are passing).
On the BSF's claim that it was a vehicle of the smugglers, Prestone said, “We cannot say anything on this because it is too early”.
The court has directed Monu Kumar to find out the leading people involved in the smuggling of coal to the Coke Factories.
I don't know what will happen on this day if the Government continues to chess I know it will have the impact and feelings of many Christians because as we know our State is a Christian State.
The decline in income is due to various protests in Assam in recent days, where there have been protests by various political parties, demanding a new state in recent days.
He said that the heavy rains in Meghalaya have caused severe damage to the crops, agriculture and houses of the residents. village, livestock and others.
It was at this time that Buhsing took the title of king, and was called Buhsing Syiem.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association, Babu Aristotle C Rymbai, on Tuesday criticized the salary released by the State Government for the payment of salaries to the teachers for the two months. for the month of November and April, 2021 after the Central Government has released the Central Share which is the 1st installment for Meghalaya as announced by the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen. Rymbui on Friday last month.
Jowai, Nailar 14: The West Jaintia Adventure and Cycling Association (WJACA) on Saturday launched the 'Biking Challenge Chapter
The practices and teachings of these Christian religions have greatly confused the Khasi who want to become Christians, because the Presbyterians say, 'ours is better, the Catholics say, 'ours is better' The church of God also says, 'It's better for us.
Also present were W Nongtdu Officer in Charge of Khliehriatt Police Station, former MDC of Rymbai Kong Violet Lyngdoh and member leaders of HITO. There is no suffering at the right time.
Shillong: The deceased were identified as Budsimai Syiem, 56, of Mylliem Madan Ingsyiem, East Khasi Hills, who died at home; David Roy Kharbuli, 60, of Mawlai Mawtawar, Wanlambok Khyriem, 51, of Lower Lachumiere, Shillong, was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong but died on the spot. , Stoin Pariat, 38, of Tangmang, Pynursla, Phetak S. Lyndem, 85, of Nongrah, Dongktieh, East Khasi Hills. , where the deceased was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
He said that in Dawki, where there are about 15-16 team shooters, she has not opposed the T.10 tyngka to be paid to the Archery but she has strongly opposed the T.10 tyngka. He said that there is no rule that the employees have to pay the steward's fee except the shopkeepers or the team owners.
When asked which party he will contest from, Nehemayah Tyngkan said he has not yet decided but he is still with the Congress.
According to sources, the truck was about to park on the old road, but due to the longer length of the new road, the truck stopped. The truck was carrying a lot of coal and collapsed due to the weight of the coal.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday elected him as the new President of the party in the state.
I am not speaking here only as a Christian, but I am also speaking as a Khasi and what does the Khasi culture have to do with the Hindu religion or culture? India has made treaties among itself and has also agreed with the authorities to govern according to principles.
“The Modi Government has not received credit for any project implemented in the state.
He said that he does not want to misuse all the schemes he has received but he wants to give them in the morning with the people.
You can claim nothing for a while as long as the truth comes out," he said.
The gold coins were known as the golden seals while the silver coins were called Shan-Mohorbad and the Bengali people called them Takra Rupia because they had the shape of a sword.
Shah Rukh Khan's fans gathered in front of his home in Mannat in Bandra, Mumbai to see him on his birthday.
There have been 10 deaths today and 465 recoveries.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Vincent H.Pala, MP Shillong, expressed his pleasure to organize such programmes, which allow the youth to develop their talents. phong that they have in their lives.
On this occasion, the KSU South Central East has warned the Khasi agents who lead the Bangladeshis to illegally enter Pynursla to buy cows.
There is no way to check them, because they have not been authorized anywhere, even the police cannot check exactly and they cannot because they cannot follow up on every person, where they come from where they go and they come in different forms.
He said that now this work is nearing its end, and the land owners who have something, should inform and ask for better clarification from the leaders of their party and the Municipal because they are involved in the debate with the government.
“We have decided to continue the strike until the government takes a clear decision to ensure that all those who pass the examination should be appointed,” she said.
Hide from the families of the neighbors the sin of blood in these children.
Interestingly, the delegation led by Conrad K. Sangma also visited the famous places, which are the residences of the Jaintia chiefs.
Elijah prayed in faith for rain.
Due to the lack of enrollment even after the start of Class X, in 2007 it had to be temporarily suspended.
The robbers were arrested with weapons including a carbine, machine gun, magazines, two SBBL rifles, two walkie talkies and bullets.
“Even after four years after the award of the project to these two companies at a cost of T.15.82 crore by April, 2014 and the purpose of building the shoh yard according to the present era is to provide “We have encouraged the public to provide clean meat and also to have special facilities for the cleaning of the waste from this area,” the report said.
The Riwar Mihngi Football Association (RMSA) on Tuesday concluded the Under-15 League Tournament 2023 which started in July
This Act has existed since ancient times in the country and has been improved over time, on the basis that they too, are human beings and cannot be excluded from it. social status, to be treated as fellow human beings and to enjoy equal rights.
When the woman rules, the Wahduid flows up the hill.
Meanwhile, Dango and Conrad have been talking for a long time to join the NPP if the government can fulfill the aspirations of the people of Ranikor constituency.
Those who violate the order, the DC said that the violators will be punished according to the law and urged the public to lodge immediately if found guilty of such violations. If you have any questions, please contact us by SMS or Whatapps No.
There have been 2,427 new cases in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 1,03,794, while 82,510 people have recovered and 289 have died. The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 20,992, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
We Christians believe that prayer is part of our faith.
Meghalaya scored the highest run of 826 runs for seven wickets in 171.4 overs in the Ranji Trophy against Sikkim and Bhutan.
Special prizes were also awarded to 40 participants including Edmund Hilary L. Wahlang, 6 years old and Kmoiñ Wahlang, 73 years old.
After the completion of the jails in Nongpoh and Nongstoin, Krishan said that the prisoners from Shillong Jail will be transferred to these jails which will accommodate 100 prisoners each.
"The Message of Christmas is to find God in us and in the life of Jesus we find God's love and desire for righteousness and peace.
Marshall Marweiñ and his wife, Darisha Lyngdoh Mawphlang have two children, a 3 year old boy and a 2 year old girl. Martin.
HANM EKH encourages and supports the Village Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri for taking this step to prevent the illegal entry of mynder for one day to hide in the villages.
Now it is up to you and me as the children of the Khasi-Jaintia people to stand firm and unite with one voice to demand and get the rights and special allocation. It must be accompanied by justice as it should be so that the future of our children will be peaceful, prosperous and prosperous.
Mawshynrut Block and Rambrai Block have reached the final of the Chief Minister District Level Under-12 Football Tournament Sports Officer (DSO) West Khasi Hills.
He stirred up the folly of his own people.
The singer has already married Derryck Whibley and Chad Kroeger but these old relationships have not lasted.
Khliehriat, Nailur 29: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People of East Jaintia Hills District today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District against the illegal mining trucks. NH-6 East Jaintia Hills District and said that this overloading has caused more damage to the road and the national highway has been damaged. to the visitors.
Many of them also responded to the invitation and with a strong spirit they worked hard and dedicated themselves to lay a strong foundation for education in the State.
However, of all the political parties, only the HSPDP has the strong foundations that the country and the nation need.
So far, among the parties, only the Congress party will nominate a candidate and if only the UDP and the Congress contest, the contest will be spectacular and the contest will be very fierce.
Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that according to a complaint from the residents of the village, the deterioration of the road has caused a lot of suffering to the residents and especially to the children. The road has been badly damaged and filled with pum pum, which has caused suffering to the people even when they breathe.
Speaking at the meeting, the National Vice President of the party said that the large number of people who attended the meeting has already confirmed that Bah Samlin has won the election.
In November 2021, RAM received recognition from the Global Network of Sex Work Projects (NSWP), based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The Rot Association of Meghalaya (ROT) has said that the outbreak of covid-19 has put in serious trouble the livelihood of these prostitutes, or members of the Rot Association of Meghalaya.
“I was told that Bah Shullai owns a house near Sankar Dev College.
Conrad Sangma is also a member.
Such a dream is false and unreliable.
Therefore, after this announcement, if it is found that there are still any private vehicles which violate the above, by driving when there are passengers or when carrying goods , shall be punished according to the rules of law.
“Today's era is a difficult era, because good knowledge and bad knowledge go hand in hand,” he said. He said that he will always be with the school in times of need.
Tomorrow will be a memorable day for cricket in the state with the first match of the Ranji Trophy starting at the Polo Cricket Ground, Shillong.
He said that if the Meghalaya Equitable Distribution of Ancestral Property Act is amended, this Act, if passed, will also empower the sons to be strong enough to carry and leave the family when they leave the family. married.
She congratulated the leaders especially the Meghalaya Chief Manas Ranjan Bhunia, State President Charles Pyngrope, Opposition Leader George Lyngdoh and Zenith Sangma.
He was also pleased to see that they were growing.
The 20-year-old is a student of Jowai Government Higher Secondary School.
There are hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Paul said to the demon – “I command you IN THE NAME OF JESUS ​​CHRIST to come out of her (the woman).
Even if there is still a tarajur or pyrla to test, a sawar to measure and a diengkot to provide tara; but it shall be left alone, that it may not be destroyed.
Where is the monthly salary of teachers like government employees? Where is the arrear that should be paid every year? pension benefits scheme) for teachers who have completed 30/40 years of service.
On the other hand, the security forces retaliated the firing and drove away the armed men.
The Meghalaya Under-18 Boy's Football Team has won a gold medal at the Khelo India Youth Games
The KSU believes that these children who receive these assistance will not drop out of school but hopes that they will succeed so that tomorrow they will become the bright stars of the nation.
Shillong: Umdap Shakhoikuna, Umjong, Pahamsohbar and other villages in the area of ​​Umdap Shakhoikuna, Umjong, Pahamsohbar and other villages have been affected by the deterioration of the road. The PWD road starting from Pahamawlein 20mer village leads to these villages and also leads to Sonapur Assam.
It is clear that the people of Meghalaya are being followed by the political parties regarding the amendment of the RP 1972 and the Roster System.
The 20-year-old, who joined Real Madrid for £88.5m from Borussia Dortmund, scored Real Madrid's second goal in the 10th minute. 36.
Teimiki Sungoh (Full Contact Men -60 kg) 2.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the robbery of two petrol pumps in Shillong on Saturday night should not be linked to the robbery of two petrol pumps in Shillong. There is no peace and stability in the state.
Suddenly, the crowd clapped their hands with joy and sat quietly without understanding the speech.
Nongpoh, November 18: “I have temporarily left the Congress Party and joined other parties, but when I have established a good foundation and seen the good deeds done by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, in order to bring about development in the constituency, I have come to join the Congress with the intention of supporting Dr. Celestine,” said Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw.
In Mawryngkneng, the UDP supports the NPP while in Mawphlang, they are enemies of each other because they have nominated their own candidates.
After the opening ceremony, the residents of the village took an active part in the cleanliness in their own village and all took part in the cleanliness of the public places and especially the public road. The village of Nongpoh has put on a cleanliness campaign in which the people have joined together to clean up the garbage and the streets.
In West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills, they will conduct this program for the registration of new members.
“Biangdor Nongsiej admitted that he was a drug addict and came to buy heroin from them.
Shillong, June 03: Lawsohtun SC have scored three points after beating Smit SC 1-0 in the First Division Football League of the Shillong SSA.
The Acharya said that as a Hindu Brahmin she is pleased to say that the construction of the Ram Temple should be completed and then reopened.
Sonam Kapoor, who from time to time criticizes Deepika Padukone for her dress or her appearance, has criticized her again. Deepika in which Sonam's actions have caused Deepika's followers and supporters to criticize her saying that all this is just because of jealousy of Deepika's rise in the film industry and also her selection as a foreign ambassador as well as her selection as the presenter of the recent World Cup Trophy and at the same time the awardee at the Oscars.
A total of 53,601 new cases have been reported in India in the past 24 hours, while the death toll has risen to
Therefore Peter cried out, “Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.
Four persons who were vendors along the road lost their lives in this incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The victims of the landslide in Nonglum village have received T.1 lakh from their MLA as a sign of contribution in such a tragic incident.
According to information received, there are 34 Khasi households in Nahar Punjee, a village near the slasha farm, 200 acres of land has been settled. by the Khasi and other minorities, said Bah Pohtam.
He said that the government's mismanagement of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act has brought destruction to the state.
Meanwhile, the High Court has rejected the proposal prepared by the Meghalaya government which shows that up to 160 companies of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) are needed in the state to monitor the smuggling and smuggling of illegal drugs. -aiñ to the coal.
The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the deployment of central government guards after finding that the state government authorities and police were unable to curb illegal mining and smuggling of coal.
People who have read and know about electricity can help by using electrically resistant devices such as hooksticks to remove the electric shock.
The injured were rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
This fruit is smaller and round.
Bah RM ShabongSaturday evening, 28th November 2018, was a memorable evening, because the traffic jam, was very heavy, in which thousands of vehicles left the city. Shillong and those going to Shillong have been stopped on both sides, from Umshyrpi to 12mer, due to the fact that vehicles coming to the market on Saturday, from Khapsor and around East, West and South West Khasi Hills. Hills, have hurried to leave for their villages, while thousands of Assam vehicles, which come to Sohra, Dawki, are still rushing to leave, passing through Shillong. , which resulted in a traffic jam, which started at 3pm and continued till 11pm.
The distance of this road from Tahpat in West Karbi Anglong District to Khanduli through Lapangap Village is 11.40 kilometers and about 5 kilometers falls within the boundary of Lapangap Village.
Bandari Ryntathiang, He also congratulated and congratulated the staff of Khapmara Police Outpost, Umiam Police Station and Mawlai Police Station for their hard work and for taking the initiative to follow up without delay. and thou shalt take hold of the wicked.
It is learned that the youth was a road contractor in Kyrdemkulai village and his relatives lodged a complaint and went to the contractor to search for him.
According to the advertisement from the DMHO, Ri-Bhoi District has 8 vacancies including 1 post of Store Keeper, 6 posts of Staff Nurse (PHC/CHC), and 1 post of Staff Nurse (RBSK). ), but what surprised the applicants today, after arriving at the office of the DMHO, they found that none of the names have been released for the Personal Interview.
“The influx of illegal immigrants into the state is of great concern to the government and it needs to be curbed,” he said.
Part 4Ki nongsngewnguh – In these days there is no longer a word of love and greeting to those who do good but often there is a lack of appreciation to those who have helped and done good to them.
The committee will not only look into theft of electricity but will also look into the operation of transformers, wires and others within the area of ​​the village.
Most of the foods that used a mixture of rye had to stop being used.
UDP President and Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh said that if the Mairang constituency rules with money, that is the beginning of destruction.
The doctor said that the hospitals in these areas were filled with bodies, and he found 38 bodies and many injured.
“Look now, the blackout has become very severe and will continue to increase if the government does not control it,” he said.
Mairang: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, while speaking at the 183rd death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, Mairang, on Tuesday said that the KHADC will issue an order. These days, all the Hima should hold the Hima Dorbar at least twice a year so that the affairs of the Hima will be clear and if there are any Hima who do not comply, he said, they will have to ask for an account.
Lambor said that this support is not to join any party but only to get the opportunity to provide full service to the people through participation in the EC. As CEM, I have seen the speedy implementation of the work of the District Council for the welfare of the people by introducing important Bills including the Clan Bill which is very important for the benefit of the people. “It's a nation,” said Bah Lambor.
On the 16th, Lumpariat will play against Mooknor Thadmuthlong at 11:30 pm.
According to interviews with some of them.
The Netherlands are third in Group B, three points behind second-placed Greece, who ended the Republic of Ireland's bid to qualify for the tournament with a victory. 2-0 goals in the match played on Tuesday.
The Khasi and other ethnic groups had lived and settled for tens of thousands of years before the arrival of the Indo-Aryan groups.
DPIs in India have also improved the efficiency of private sector entities through reduced complexity, labor costs and time taken to set up businesses in India.
Earlier, after seeing the increase in drug-related crimes especially after the seizure of large quantities of drugs from time to time, the Minister had ordered the authorities in charge to should be strictly implemented in schools to free them from the use of alcoholic beverages especially drugs.
Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the central government has taken steps to assist the states in the last four years by sending IMCT teams up to 73 times in the past four years. a time limit of only 10 days.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, said that so far, T.12,700 has been allocated from the Disaster Management Fund and the committee has directed the DC to discuss the matter immediately. and arrange with the State government, for the payment of compensation to them, in which they are given nine days' time to do the necessary.
Shillong, June 22 : The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has urged the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to upgrade the Adhoc Teachers to Deficit Teachers.
Shillong: The Mairang Presbytery Rim Youth Church (MNMNMN) Shillong will hold an Advance Christmas celebration on the 1st December at the National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, at 1:30 pm.
Bajali, who is the Minister in charge of Electricity, Prohibition and Excise of Tamil Nadu, was arrested on July 14 under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
Speaking to media, Bah Sñiawbhalang denied that there would be any change, “because the election campaign will end like that and those statements of ours are part of the election campaign,” he said.
The road has been funded by the Japanese International Corporation Agency (JICA) at a cost of Rs 1377.5 crore including the land allocation for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road.
MOWTYRSHIAH: More than 400 voters who were in line to exercise their right to vote for the MDC election from Mowkaiaw Constituency have lost their votes due to the arrival of the NPP candidate, Heirtami Suting for half an hour. Before the end of the polling period in Mowtyrshiah A at the polling station at the Community Hall of the village.
This was stated in the 13th report of Justice Katakey, who was appointed by the Meghalaya High Court to look into whether the government has implemented the orders of the Supreme Court, High Court and National Green Tribunal. related to the suspension of illegal mining and transportation of coal.
“According to the provisions of the Land Transfer Act, it is prohibited to sell and give land to non-Khasis but the Meghalaya government has given the land to Assam and this is a violation of the provisions of the Land Transfer Act,” he said. Erwin said that even the Constitution of India has been violated because according to the Sixth Scheduled, the government does not own land but it is the people who own it and not the government.
Police Reserve Jowai 45760 mt, Khlookynring 21.12 mt and other parts of Shkentalang 1031 mt.
Besides, the party also requests the MLA to visit the border villages including Belahari, Rajakhomai and other villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, because these people living in these areas There are 15 villages and more than 1500 households in the area. They are facing problems due to the lack of roads and especially in relation to the boundary.
Speaking to media, John Kharshiing said that their request is like private individuals from the Hima who live outside the Hima to urge the KHADC to suspend the elections. The election of the Lyngdoh within the Hima.
He said that don't say that the Congress is poor, but it is rich in many areas.
However, the next question is whether we will still have the opportunity to live and walk freely that we have enjoyed and lived until today.
The Supreme Court's order has come as a help and victory to those people who are fighting against the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
Kyrshai village, which falls under Nongstoin C&RD Block, is about 70 kilometers from Nongstoin via Rambrai and borders with Assam.
But no one answered a word.
The Cabinet also approved the Contingency Fund (Amendment), 2023 which was passed by Ordinance in the previous Government.
Furthermore, the members of the party stopped and pointed fingers against the Secretariat building saying that those who sit inside the Secretariat are stealing, looting or cheating the rights of the people.
Jowai, Nailur 08: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF), under the leadership of its President, Dapoiwanmi Laloo, today handed over a house built and spent by the villagers. Pynsakhiat Dkhar, who has five children, one of whom has recently passed away, has donated 100,000 kyats to a poor family in Kyndong Tuber village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Vijayan also criticized Congress leader Rahul Gandhi for contesting the MLA elections in Kerala, while he was not willing to join hands with the BJP in other states.
The HYC also alleged that Bajop Pyngrope has submitted an estimate of Rs 6 lakh to the RPDB before the 2023 MLA election while Rakesh has not yet submitted an estimate of his expenses.
These medicines have been purchased by the government under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme and the cost of these medicines since 2010-2012 has reached T.4.25 crore.
Two days later, on 23rd November, 2015, the team from the state performed at Mymensing where the District Commissioner, the Mayor of Mymensing and many other dignitaries along with the public witnessed the performance.
Shillong, July 15 : The Trinamool Congress camp in Pynursla has collapsed after 26 top leaders of the TMC youth have resigned from the party, which has already announced its candidate. to contest against Prestone Tynsong in the 2023 MLA elections.
Through this goal, Germany showed more strength but the players' determination to fight without hesitation and later they scored another goal in the 83rd minute through Takuma Asano.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Deputy Commissioner, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that he will take action to ensure that the subsidy offered by the government to the users of buam shet, will arrive without any delay.
On the 21st of this month, the KSU will meet with the Second Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong to lodge a complaint with the government regarding the disturbance of the people by the army.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in her speech said that 50 years is not an easy journey to run a school.
Regarding BITE, the union has learned that the project has not been abandoned but is still in the process of being implemented after the PWD department has handed over to the education department.
Rescue teams such as the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) have been deployed at the scene where it is believed that many people have been trapped inside the landslide.
Speaking after the meeting, JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang said that their demand from the government so far is that the government should provincialize only the teaching profession.
“I hope that NEEPCO will start implementation of the 50 MW Umïam Stage I and 100 MW Umïam Stage II from tomorrow because the state government is ready to cooperate with NEEPCO to complete it as soon as possible. these projects," he said.
The Lord rained brimstone and fire on Sodom and Gomorrah.
However, he said that about 20 lakh rupees are spent only on one public meeting.
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, expressed his feelings by saying, “The nature of children is that they love to play and it is important that we recognize and recognize the role of play in the development of children’s overall development.
I would like to suggest to build a checked dam along the road from the bridge to the sun.
The deceased were identified as Helping Stone Nongkseh and Kanton Dalu.
The Bangladesh government has imposed a 10-month curfew from 5th June 2021 due to the rapid spread of the coronavirus in the country.
On the part of Bah S.Warjri, EAC (Election) who is also one of the officers in the District, he explained the working methods and responsibilities of all the departments involved in the election including the Accounting & Expenditure, Flying Squads and others.
“I have decided to contest from this constituency because as an elderly man who has entered the villages of Nongpoh he has found many shortcomings and especially the neglect of the poor. “Because about 90 percent of the families are still living in the line of poverty and are neglected without anyone to look after them,” said Bah Longsing Bey. “The aim is to help only those poor people who have been neglected in all aspects,” he added.
On the other hand, Kong A Suchiang General Secretary of the union requests the government to conduct a special examination once again for them to get back the examination. They don't know what happened to them so they request the government to think for them. .
It is worth mentioning that this competition is part of the selection process for the District Level and is also one of the opportunities for the students to showcase their skills in the and in this way the best players will be selected to appear in other places.
The President of the Kur, Bah NR Thabah, said that on this day, there will be many programmes.
According to another information, the foreigners who live in Keating Road alleged that it was the Khasi youths who first started the riots.
Hindi at MBOSE and our children outside the school don't have to go to school anymore.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress on 16th June 2013, on Tuesday said that the party will always empower women in politics. The party's mission and mission is a sign of the party's commitment to encourage women in the state.
Dr. E Kharkongor, Principal, Shillong College and Dr. A Nongbri, Head, Department of Khasi Hills on Friday launched a book entitled The Khasi States Timeline 1771 – John F Kharshiing and Dr Bodhi Sainkupar Ranee, Associate Professor, TISS, Mumbai at a meeting held at Shillong College Hall, Bomphyle Road, Shillong.
Shillong: With the aim of gathering knowledge through experience and providing students with the opportunity to learn through witnesses, the Department of Tourism and Travel Management, Martin Luther Christian University on the 24 On the 1st of this month, 2021, they visited Nartiang and Larnai to celebrate World Heritage Week.
Visas to Indians are issued for a variety of purposes, including tourism, business inspections, employment and family visits.
But what makes him angry is that they only meet each other, and there is no peace, one does not forgive the other.
Although the Rangbah Shnong has not urged the government to provide a landfill in Byrnihat, as the village leader, he is concerned about the construction of a landfill. , as it is located between the village and along the NH-6
Manipur has once again experienced heavy clashes on Tuesday when mobs attacked and damaged the residence of PWD Minister Govindas Konthoujam. Ningthoukhong Bazar – an area under the jurisdiction of Bishnupur PS. According to sources, on that day, a mob broke into his residence. minister and damaged many of his possessions, including chairs, windows, and cars parked in the courtyard.
He also announced to allocate 20 lakh tyngka from the CMSDF to complete the construction of these classrooms.
We will ensure that not even an inch of our land will go to Assam,” he promised.
Mupliang beat Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong 3-2
She started the demolition from 10 am.
In this regard, Bah V.Swer BDO Nongstoin C&RD Block, while explaining to the residents of Risiang area, said that these siej are the strongest species of siej. and those that are well marketed for use in the manufacture of paper and others.
“Other parties may come and go but we will always be here for you," he added.
Her husband has now lodged a complaint with the hospital in Cuddalore, after doctors at JIPMER found that there was a large cloth left in Priya's body.
“We will have a meeting tomorrow to discuss this and I cannot say yet,” she said.
We are all Indians.
Nongstoiñ, June 6: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle, under the leadership of Samla Armstrong Sohshang, in the past few days, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi. The petition to demand the abolition of the word Sonapahar which has been used to write in various government offices in Mawshynrut Block.
In this regard, the HSPDP held a meeting at Orchid, Thadlaskein in West Jaintia Hills District. Wanshwa Nongtdu was elected as its President and One Way Talang was elected as its General Secretary. Jaintia Hills.
During the visit, the villagers found the woman lying on the ground with a heavy bleeding and also found that her hand had been cut off.
The highest number of names is Rongjeng in East Garo Hills with 11 candidates, while the lowest number of candidates is Sohiong, Ampati and Bajongdoba in Khasi Hills. in Garo Hills.
“There has been a practice by the AICC, when they want to replace a leader or prime minister, for reasons well known to them, they call the prime minister. to Delhi and according to the report they have received, they will order the Prime Minister to step down and submit his resignation letter.
“The KHADC has ordered me to withdraw and I have agreed by withdrawing the NoC,” he said.
About 60 volunteers of the Hill State Movement were awarded with momentos.
“How can I give them land when it is only from this place that I live and I can support my family,” said Kurbah. “We don't have any hope when the people we hope to be able to help us have lost our peace of mind,” she said. matlah bad kyllut,” said Slodian, expressing her disappointment that after three months of complaints, the police have not done anything.
KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa has urged the police to arrest all those involved in the attack on KHADC employees and journalists.
When they signed the plan and received the power that the people had handover to them, they completely forgot their duty to do as they had promised in front of the people.
The law also prohibits having more than one wife.
BJP Youth Wing, Mawkyrwat President Mihsalan Khar Turnia has called on the people to observe 1 minute silence as a sign of condolence over the rape of a schoolgirl in Mawsaw. which has caused a great cold to all the people of that area.
Referring to the issuance of licenses by the government to the residents, it cannot be said that these licenses have strict rules that these gunmen should follow the rules and not to misuse or bypass the licenses. the rules are set.
The lawyer said that the MPDA Act is a law to protect the perpetrator from committing other serious crimes.
There will be one world Govt.
Sangma said the green tax on old vehicles over 15-20 years old exists but it will also create problems for the people living in rural areas who do not have income. which is enough.
The State Government has implemented the Job Reservation Policy since 1972 by appointing a Search Committee to search for experts from among the candidates. Members of the Expert Committee.
The Dorbar has decided that the election of the Sordar shall be by Secret Ballot and the residents who have reached the age of 18 years, male and female or only men shall elect the Sordar.
The issues raised by the union include the need for a Development Branch, Election Branch, Supply Branch, Office of the Sub-Division of Schools DSEO, Labor Department, Metrological Department, VIP Gallery at Riangdo and others.
At this time we understand that the lives of people and food and drink are more precious than the roads, footpaths etc. Therefore, to help the people of the state, the party suggests to the Chief Minister. The Rs 2 crore per annum scheme of MLAs to help the people and to implement through the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to avoid politics or partiality.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to meet with the farmers of the area as all the residents of the area are farmers. agriculture as a source of income to provide for the family and all their needs.
“The lack of performance of the Congress government has been seen by everyone and from now on we have to show the door to it because the BJP will take over the rule in Meghalaya,” said Nalin Kohli, spokesperson of the party. Umsning, July 22: U Bah HS Shylla MDC of the UDP from Nongkrem has strongly criticized the appointment of Magistrates of the District Council regarding the marks for the candidates.
According to him, the working methods of the District Council are not as stipulated in the 6th Scheduled.
The residents, who found the head, informed the Umiam PS Police Station and the police immediately rushed to the scene and from the videos. It was seen on the head, and it seemed that the unknown man had been killed by being stabbed in the neck.
He said the Government has planned to build a hotel and other multi-purpose buildings, which will be completed within two and a half years.
In the U-14 (Sub-Junior) team, Akimrag Momin, Baniar Kharsohnoh, Damebantei Kharkongor, Daplangki Kharmujai, Hameshwa Siangshai, Aisanlang Dohling, Krebinson Marweing, Mewanpyntwell, Khaspernui Nangphyr Lyngkhoi Ryntong, Roderick Khongjee, Yeomanlyson Shadap, Deiwakordormi Dkhar, Ricky Mawlong, Dasuk Banphrang Diengdoh, Teibor Kharkylliang, Wanmiijuh Pajuh, Medonban Shan Kurkalang and Robindor Kyrsian.
Speaking at the meeting, the President or Chief Leader of the EJNC, Sambormi Lyngdoh said that this is not the first time that this has happened in East Jaintia District. A schoolgirl in Khliehriat who suffered the same incident.
Furthermore, the aim of the East Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association by organizing this tournament is to select players in both categories (men and women) for the upcoming Meghalaya Games.
“The NPP government has been able to provide water supply to 4 to 5 lakh households.
They urged the people not to be afraid to drink milk, as there is no more disease like before.
He said that the farmers don't get support from the government but they have to take responsibility for the supply of water through the shyngiar. happy that the government will help them to supply water to their farms.
The DC of East Khasi Hills said that they have expressed their concern over this as many criminals are using Bangladesh SIMs in the border areas of India to commit illegal activities.
In churches, even when singing, masks should be worn.
"I would like to ask my colleagues to give their best so that they too can get recognition for the important work they do in the community," she said. .
“In 2019, when there was a visit to the Governor's house, the bullet escaped from me and I didn't hesitate and this time we all will not hesitate but we will act more strictly. "It's like SJ Dunncan," he added.
Bull was taken to Tura while Malcolm was taken to Guwahati.
The President of the United States has urged various agencies not to suspend aid to Ukraine while the war continues. it is not to allow Russia to win this war.
When asked whether any steps have been taken to ensure that those involved should not be transferred or allowed to transfer their property, the court replied that it was only after receiving sufficient evidence. In this regard, measures may be taken to recover the misappropriated funds.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that until she receives the report on the death of the young woman at the hospital, she does not want to comment.
“This is the first meeting, next month I will hold another meeting to discuss the loss of the company,” he said.
If departments like PHE have not yet received the payment of water to the people, they will not be able to employ many employees and will not have the payment.
This kur relationship is not confined only between the Khynriam para Khynriam or War para War or Pnar para Pnar and so on but the shikur relationship intersects these areas of residence and this relationship enhances the I think that the Khasi do not have a sub-tribe but they are one nation.
He said that due to the decline in income, parents are no longer able to send their children to better schools in Khliehriat, Rymbai, Ladrymbai and Shan State. Jowai, but they have to send them to the village schools and when they leave the schools they find it difficult to send them to the best colleges in the district because they are not government colleges. He said that it is very important to have a government college in East Jaintia Hills District, because if there is no government college, it will help the students who come from poor families. “We in East Jaintia Hills District need a Government College,” said Bah Damewanhi.
The project is known as the 'Run of the River' which does not have a water treatment plant but has been supplied to the Power House.
He said that the government has already received the food items according to the allocation for the past three months.
He said that there are 48 MLAs in the state government and if the UDP which has 9 MLAs withdraws, the government will still be strong because it has 39 MLAs.
Shillong, Nailar : The Additional Deputy Commissioner (S), I/C, Sohra Civil Sub Division today informed that the ration of rice has been distributed for the month of November 2022 at the rate of 35 kilos per card. T.3/- per kilo for those without AAY cards, 5 kilos per head for those without PHH cards and 7.215 kilos per head for those without PHH cards. For those who do not have a Non-NFSA card, the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee shall not exceed T.15/- per kilo.
On the other hand, the RBDSA leaders expressed their gratitude to all the athletes who have been able to raise the name and glory of the District through their ability to win medals in various sports. and as the leaders of the RBDSA which is in charge of sports in the district, they said that they feel it is necessary to hold this special program for them.
Parisha Eleven, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 136 runs for the loss of six wickets in 15 overs.
The Government of Meghalaya has set up a refugee camp at Kyndongngei until she returns to Langpih.
The incident happened at Sohrarim on the highway to Sohra, in which both the vehicles were damaged and two persons were injured in the Maruti car. The injured were identified as Abhishek Kumar Gupta and Kamla Gupta of 401NML Flat Agrico Jamshedpur, Jharkhand. They were taken to PHC Laitryngew but later evacuated by 108 vehicle. Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Those who wish to participate can contact the President of WKHDCA, Bah Richard Sun (7
Modi is likely to be sworn in as the country's first Prime Minister for the third time on Saturday, July
There should be a proper plan for how to manage these wastes from homes, schools, colleges, offices, markets, factories and other places.
They will pay the fare or fill the house with food.
Therefore, on behalf of the Kur, we would like to clarify to those groups or individuals, who have helped to raise money for this man in the football games, we would like to clarify that the Kur itself does not have any information and does not have any information. what is your heart's desire?
He also spoke about the poem of Bah Nobait Swer who spoke about Lum Marai in Nongkren of the Hima Khyrim which is related to the story of “Ka Pah Syntiew”.
She also slammed Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in War language and slammed the State Government for not doing anything on the incident. It is because of the people who elected them but after they have taken over the power they do whatever they want.
The talks were that India and China should both withdraw from the area on Tuesday.
“To sir, I trust you,” said Bah Sokon.
The injured workers were taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment.
On this day, I pay tribute and thanks to the heroes of the army, paramilitary and police who have sacrificed their lives to protect their border, to maintain their sovereignty and to fight. against terrorism.
The Minister also acknowledged that the parents of these children in the meeting with the government authorities have expressed that they do not want their children to return, but to continue their education at the school. state.
Banteidor said this after a meeting of the Organizing Committee, which was held at the Secretariat, in the presence of MSOA leaders and members, the Director of the department, WAM Booth and others. others.
The HSPDP leaders said that they have searched in the hills and valleys but have not found him.
We also need to pray for our country, because God knows, sees and hears how the people of the country are, what the rulers do, as happened in Judah of old.
Jarrett M Wanniang took three wickets for 84 runs while Angkit Tamang took two wickets for 86 runs.
The Duleep Trophy is the biggest cricket tournament in the BCCI calendar in which seven zones of the BCCI take part.
He was also accused of carrying a small firearm with him, along with threatening truck drivers if they did not pay and out of fear that trucks would have to pay.
On the 5th of this month, the eliminator will be played between Jalaphet Bri Sumer SCC Club and Lamyrsiang SCC at 12.30 pm.
