Speaking to media, Hek said that as there have been many cases of COVID-19, these patients have been ordered to be evacuated.
Nongstoiñ: Umiam United have won the 2nd Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sport Social Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
However, he found a Xeroxed Election Photo Identity Card and an EPIC, which are in Assam and Meghalaya.
Because they have to rely on foreigners, it has put a lot of pressure on the farmers.
On the other hand, the Cabinet will also visit the village today to inspect the village where the shooting death of Khasi-Pnars by the Assam Police took place.
However, the land owners have not built any toilets and for that reason, those who come to khwai have to go to the toilets openly to the sañium and bniap near the pond.
As a nation, we have not yet experienced true poverty and misery, therefore we have not yet understood the income and livelihood opportunities available in our country.
NEHU and IIT Guwahati will also cooperate in conducting workshops, seminars and short-term awareness programs and these programs will serve as platforms for the dissemination of various knowledge.
Raja Brahma, who is also the ADM of Ri Bhoi and formerly the Block Development Officer of Umsning C&RD Block, has now taken over the post. He has been appointed as the Project Director of DRDA in Ri Bhoi District and as the Additional Deputy Commissioner in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the land, shyiap and coal will fall to the owners of the land, as usual.
State Vice-President of the opposition All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) George Lyngdoh said that sympathy alone cannot be the reason to confirm the resolution of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). elections, although at the same time to base the elections solely on sympathy is wrong.
Ashish said the NHIDCL will expedite the repair of the damaged areas as soon as possible.
We have to change our minds about how to take care of our forests and how to increase their biodiversity, otherwise even more terrible disasters are already ahead.
Treasurer- Philip Bareh.
Under the leadership and vision of Bah Dawan Lyngdoh as the Rangbah Shnong and the members and residents of the Shnong, they agreed to build a beautiful recreation area. park was constructed at a cost of T.4, 20, 000, through the village fund without any external funding or assistance.
“When asked whether the top leaders of the TMC will also join the NPP for the 2023 elections, the NPP leader said the time has not yet come to announce publicly.
These products were brought by farmers from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills at the MECOFED market at Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong.
This incident has shocked everyone especially the foreign traders.
The Women's League of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJDHFA) started with the victory of Diengshynrum and Dkhiah West at Diengshynrum Plastic Ground, Khliehriat on November
However, it is only this year that due to the heavy rainfall, these farmland have been flooded.
Esther 2:1-18.
He is very strong in the cause of the Jaidbynriew and he does not hesitate in the work of the party.
“Yesterday, the HITO members seized 18 trucks and lodged a complaint at Mawryngkneng Police Station. He phoned the General Secretary of the Seng and informed him that the police cannot register this case.
Hajan Rymbai scored the goals for Lama Youth in the 25th minute and Banshan Dong in the 34th minute.
I hope you will find me worthy to represent you in Parliament and please cast your vote in my name.
He said that in many cases, many doctors have not believed the directives of the Government as they should have followed.
Khongsit said this on the summons of the Seng leaders for the attack on passers-by and the damage to vehicles during the rally in Police Bazar, Malki and Dhankheti area organized by the Seng. protest against unemployment on 28th March.
Shillong: Four political parties, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, have been shocked to hear the discussion in the last dorbar, which shows that the Meghalaya government, intends to to auction MeECL to the private sector.
However, to hand over the responsibility of life and death to those who are young, who have not yet learned and who do not know the basics of the District Council is still a challenge.
Shillong: U MPCC President Bah Pala on Tuesday said that there has been a meeting within the party that if there are MLAs and MDCs who want to contest the elections, they will not be removed from their tickets. , there is no such thing.
West Jaintia Hills District has the highest number of cases of COVID-19 and every day according to the report of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are deaths from the disease.
She said she plans to participate in the Marathon in Chicago or New York this year after focusing on track for the World Athletics. The championships in Budapest will be held in April this year.
The relationship with the pyrsa,It is no longer like the old days;There is no time to learn and grow,They put the children behind them.
We will work hard to contest all the 60 seats and we will ensure that everyone wins,” Abhishek told reporters.
The Prime Minister said the meeting decided to withdraw the security forces from various parts.
“To have compassion means to put the people first and the state and the people later and such thinking is wrong,” he said.
The Minister said that 20 others are still in hospital and undergoing treatment and some of them have sustained serious injuries and are in critical condition.
Shillong: U Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, today slammed the Congress party, saying that the problems and problems in MeECL are due to the actions of the Congress party. , when she was in power.
The union demands that the state government should not set up BOPs in the villages but should set them up on the zero line on the border.
By 2017-18, oil palm plantations in India have reached about 3 lakh hectares and the Government intends to expand to other states in the North East and Andaman & Nicobar.
Besides, it was also found that in the Muliang area up to the border with Assam, more than half of the hills and valleys are covered with synsar cultivation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4 : The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Rossetta Mary Kurbah, has enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the movement of trucks carrying goods from the Dam Bridge.
HUCC bowlers including Y Patweth took two wickets in 3 overs while S.Patweth and E.Phawa took 2 wickets each in 4 overs.
It was then that the Prime Minister said that the Sengbhalang has joined hands to discuss the railway line and said that the talks have been only a few minutes and have ended.
He said that the party will hold a meeting on the 27th of November at Motphran to discuss and explain to the public on this issue.
She said that if there is an allegation that the Congress wants to politicize all the work and decisions taken by the government; However, the Congress is the only voice of the people who is willing to ask the government these questions because when the Congress was in power there was such a suggestion but it feels that it is not necessary to ask the government. There are still many shortcomings in the state and there are still many jobs that should be paid to casual workers, who work master roll in various positions.
The Dorbar was conducted by Bah KP Marthong Acting Sordar and Secretary of the Village.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong, Bah Pynshngainglang N Syiem MDC Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, pastors, office bearers of associations, clubs, player and also supporters.
However, they said that their only answer is to end the talks while their souls are not lost.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the residents and especially the youth of the North East need to bring about a change in their mindset and also to stop expecting that in the field of You can make a reservation.
Regarding the Tura Parliamentary Constituency, the TMC will take a decision until it has collected information from across the constituency within this month.
Police are investigating into the incident.
It may be recalled that Kenny was married recently in June to his wife who lives in Umsohsun.
“We demand that you should order the Syiem Raid Marwet not to ask for salami from the Khasi and not to open shops to the Dkhars if the jobs are for the Khasi to work. “If you fulfill this demand within two months, otherwise we will take strong measures for the benefit of our fellow citizens,” said the President and Secretary of HYC Baridua Circle. Millions.
“We have received a directive from the central government to conduct the entrance test,” said Director of Health Services Dr E Dkhar.
On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie said that he came to encourage the church to join hands with the church for its preparations.
The Government will soon improve the buildings of SSA schools across the State, he said.
The list of Meghalaya for the Vinoo Mankad Trophy is: Shubham Rasaily, Kshitij Singhania, Avinash Rai, Lensbirth N Marak, Rituraj Rabha, Angkit Tamang, Shahin Alome, Shavian Blah, Banialam J Mylliemngap, Josiah D Wanniang, Denikche Standbys: Thunun R Marak, Justin Fancon, Ferando BM Sangma, Dipankar Barua.
Because he came in the lowest way imaginable.
All of us, are tired of Congress in Meghalaya and choose your party to rule, but if you do like this next election, no seat will win from Meghalaya, because this is the main issue that all people of Meghalaya stand against and oppose the CAA. .Understand that office bearers of NPP, and the government will fall at anytime in this year.
Mukul Sangma said that during his tenure as Chief Minister from 2010 to 2018, the Government has already implemented development projects and benefits for the people in many areas but until now it has not been implemented. Even at the end of the term of these new leaders, they have not been able to do anything.
The government's inability to take a clear decision is due to the fact that the major political parties in the state like UDP, NPP, BJP and KHNAM did not attend the meeting convened by the government. .
“As we have found, the house of Dr. Lyngdoh has been serving the people since ancient times and does not put those guards because they are happy, and through the happiness the people can enter and leave. to express their concerns but we didn't expect such incidents to happen.
A.Warjri, and Ewadaemi.
The Deputy Commissioner has declared five houses in Nongmynsong Dongkamon as Containment Area. These houses include the house of Roshan Chetri. , Laxmi Mizal, Guatam Rai, Sony Joshi and Savitry Thapa.
The cows were transported from Byrni to Amlarem, Umkiang and were driven halfway and then sent to the villagers of those villages to be used across the border for a fee of 1000 to 1500 tyngka. one or the other cow.
Therefore, I have had the opportunity to learn from him, and to discuss many things,” he added.
The 11 PLA troops entered the Chinese border in their own military uniforms and entered parts of Dibang village and some from Arunachal Pradesh. These troops went to hunt in the forests of the State.
After Lionel Richie and Katy went to London to witness the coronation of Charles, Ed Sheeran and Alanis Morissette took their places and many praised their skills. ideas and to give their inspiration to the participants.
She added, “Remembering the past for me brings a sense of intimacy: I want to remind myself of people and places, and what they mean to me.
“These people use the money of the people to collect money and when they get the money, they say to buy people like animals,” said Martle.
Before distributing the mabam, there was a short meeting.
One of the leaders of KaThup, said that they are very pleased to attend this awareness program organized by the SwitchON Foundation.
They have expressed and fought against these policies of the BJP Government on many occasions.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Election Commissioner, urged the people of the state to take part in the upcoming elections, in order to elect new legislators. Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the DC (Supply) invites applications from any individual, volunteer or Co-operative Society and shall be elected by the people at the Dorbar Shnong, after approval and verification by the Dorbar Shnong. the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary.
Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO, said, “We cannot understand the languages, the way of life of each other but what we are united today is the feeling that we love the culture and traditions of the NESO. we cannot accept the CAB”.
Kyrsoi also promised to provide drinking water for the people of North Shillong and will also strive to promote the implementation of Community Rain Water Harvesting.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang under the leadership of Samla Readyfernandy Sunn, In-charge of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle, On Saturday last month, they raided Ranighnat village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: After receiving a letter on the evening of 20th July 2021 stating that several Insas Rifle rifles were seized from the hands of the Mawkynroh Outpost Police on the 15th of July The funeral of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew.
At the same time, those who wish to take part in the competition are requested not to drink any alcoholic beverages before taking part in the competition as it may destroy their competitive spirit.
Rawat met with district election officers, police chiefs and Chief Secretary Y Tsering.
According to the NCS, the earthquake struck at 7:22 pm.
“We urge the Prime Minister, who is silent now, to take action on this issue, as the father of the state, to forgive the mistake of the driver of the Maxx,” said the KSU in a statement. day.
When these things happen, remember that song of the Khasi poet which says – 'KIAW, Ma nga te
The National People's Party (NPP) has recently announced the names of two candidates for the mid-term elections, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Mawryngkneng Constituency and Abdul Saleh from Rajabala Constituency. the party has not yet announced the name of the candidate.
At the same time, that love is fully given, that the woman should be subject to the husband, and the husband should be subject to the woman, helping each other in building up the body. those seeds (children) in the right way.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Fr.M Majaw, Principal, said that it is true that before the examination, a party had gone to distribute these questions. “It is exactly the same without any difference,” said Fr.Majaw.
Shivdasani, born on June 16, 1958, won a silver medal for the Indian team in the Men's team event of bridge.
They also reported that in other villages where NESFAS works, the main reason for the rapid spread of the disease is due to negligence.
Nongpoh: Byrnihat, Meghalaya, is one of the urban areas in the country, which shows the highest levels of air pollution, according to a report released by the Central Pollution Control Board. The KSU North Khasi Hills District, through Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, has demanded that the state government should talk to the Assam government. In Byrnihat, the factory is located in Assam.
In his speech, Dr. Rao highlighted the work of NIFT which has contributed to the development of textile in India.
This is the first time in Hynniewtrep that Khasi songs have been mixed in Khasi and Pnar, and Sengkhasi songs will also be released on smart card pendrives.
The decision of the Lumshnong Dorbar Shnong to ban the power of Star Cement to mine coal has been a very strong decision, perhaps like the ban of Syiem Tirot Singh in the past. Scott.
Denmark, Switzerland, USA, Korea, France and Germany are the prominent countries where their athletes are expected to do well.
Speaking to the KSU members, the Sahep promised that she will try to send the letter to the relevant authorities for a decision on the demand of the KSU.
“I believe that the cow is our mother.
The Gentile kingdoms are now in the midst of trouble and turmoil, there is no merit except trouble until the time when Israel will see the side of God, even now the sign you are in the Middle East.
Satisfaction is that we are satisfied with what we want or get in our lives humans.
K Mawlong and others.
According to the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) in India, two women are raped every 60 minutes and the increase is 7.2%. compared to previous years.
This valley is located on the boundary of Mawsiangbah and Mawrok villages.
They can appeal against any agenda that the BJP opposes,” Kohli said.
The meeting was held at the District Headquarters with the participation of Scout Masters, Guides Captains, Rover-Rangers and Scouts-Guides.
The tournament, which will end on the 27th of this month, has been attended by athletes from different states of the country.
In such incidents, the union urges the state government that the Inner Line Permit will be the strongest tool to prevent such incidents.
KSU JHDU, Narpuh Circle and Khliehriat Circle will also be closed.
Ireland believes in only one Christian religion.
The Kur Wahlang is against any changes in this new shim jait/khein jait from the mother which may result from conversion or acceptance of those whom the law refers to as “Personal Law”.
Langsning are still on points with Mohammedan and need to score three points tomorrow against ISL Chennaiyin.
The city is located at an altitude of 1,000 meters above sea level and is suitable for agriculture all year round.
As a well-known athlete, Farah came sixth in the final Marathon in London on Sunday by finishing in 2:10:28:9 min. Kelvin Kiptum won the election.
Nongpoh, June 29: The HSPDP party has welcomed about 50 supporters and leaders of the NPP in Ri-Bhoi constituency in the upcoming elections. and MCPC and others who joined today at the meeting held at Umsning Auditorium.
If only people close to government ministers get jobs, it will be a defeat of the truth and there is no point in calling for interviews or conducting examinations,” the newspaper said.
This place has remained unchanged and now it has turned into a garbage dump and can become a place of drug trafficking and other illegal activities.
Other speakers included HC Chaudhary, Chief Wildlife Warden, James M Pohsngap, Raliang District Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh and SL Range Forest Officer.
He was rushed to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital, but on arrival at the hospital, doctors pronounced him dead.
The KSU has also sent a letter to the Chairperson of the State Human Rights Commission and the BSF 2nd in Command to investigate and punish the BSF personnel involved in the rape of Dr. Seibok Buam.
“The leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie in an interview with the media said that this Shad Suk Mynsiem will be more popular after the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 and
Cricket Lovers scored 114 runs for the loss of four wickets in 18.2 overs. Mukhramul H Sarkar scored 23 runs from 27 balls and Nangkiewkupar Disiar took two wickets. he scored 13 runs in 3.2 overs.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and Congress leader Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the MDA government has failed to maintain peace in the state.
Agreas Chamcham Sangma took 10 wickets for 37 runs.
97.8 lakh cylinders distributed UjjwalaAbout 2.1 lakh EPFO ​​members have taken advantage of the online withdrawal of advance from their EPFO ​​accounts amounting to T 510 crore.
“Because of the unemployment, thousands of graduates apply for Grade-4 jobs just to get government jobs because if they get government jobs, it will be easier to work and many benefits. Private jobs pay too low, so the government should create ways and means to help the youth in any way,” said Bah Chyne.
Mrs. Khasimon Phanbuh, Ex-General Secretary of the Seng, Mrs. Bertha G.Dkhar Ngapkynta, who developed the Braille Code Grade I and Grade II and Mr. Donavon Kharwanlang, the Chief Guest of the meeting, gave the presentations. Speech on the “Mawbyrsiew” that our ancestors built and established the human society and also on the Tein Phira – “Knowledge of Man, Knowledge of God and Knowledge of Family and Kha”.
Sanjeeb Kumar Bajoria, owner of the factory, said he received the information at about 12:30 pm while he was in Guwahati.
There was a mutual greeting and a conversation to express the happiness that for the first time they have met.
Nongpoh: The Trinamool Congress party in the state, on Tuesday held a meeting at Umlaper village, today announced that they will nominate Dr. Saralin Dorphang, son of Bah PW Muktieh, Former Mawhati MLA, to be the TMC candidate from Mawhati Constituency in the 2023 elections.
The team is now preparing to compete in the AFC U-17 Asian Cup to be held in Thailand this year.
After the MDA 2.0 government came to power, all the counting in terms of numbers has come to an end.
There are also those who say that in the past years there has been a severe natural disaster when the riewhadem was starting to sprout in the fields and there were government officials who came to take note, but so far they haven’t received any help.
National Anti-Doping Bill 2021: The National Anti-Doping Bill 2021 has been passed, which sets out the procedures for the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA), the National Dope Testing Laboratory (NDTL) and other institutions. test on the use of alcoholic beverages, in the LokSabha on 27.07.2022 and later in the Rajya Sabha on
He said that in the elections to be held on the 27th, they will see the power of the people and on the 2nd of October this year, the NPP will be able to win a lot and they will be able to form their own government. the election.
The State Piggery Mission, the largest in the country, has launched an allocation of T.209 crore to enable self-production of pork.
Along the way, tens of thousands of faithful stood waiting to pay their respects and lay the body of the Archbishop.
We firmly believe that sports bring order and health, so we will work hard to improve by building sports grounds for the youth of the state.
“We will punish those who violate the law.
It is like a cup of light and a stone from ancient times to the present and to come.
Importantly, they will have that sales skills and have a close relationship with everyone involved with their business.
Those who sit for such examinations have to prepare themselves by going to various training centers in the Governments of India.
But fortunately, the incident happened on a Saturday night which was the night when all the cars were heading home.
“We are sorry if the cow slaughter is banned because it will affect our livelihood,” said Bah Warlarpih.
Up to 15 persons have been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police and charged under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
The arrested man appeared in a video that went viral on Tuesday.
Besides Sahani, the driver of the pick-up truck, Kumar Sonar, was also arrested and T.10,000 was seized.
We cannot rely on other states to provide accommodation for refugees.
It was not disclosed how much money the government has allocated to each of these 250 villages.
The YMA leader said that the next step will be taken to force the change in the date of the vote.
Juliana Umdor, District Program Officer, ICDS was the chief guest at the distribution ceremony. The committee was chaired by Jied Kurbah, Secretary and members of the committee.
The future is upon us.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that the people of the state should not be afraid that there will be no more beverages in the state. you shall be as long as you are.
The lead actress is Batistuta Tynsong from Nongmadan Shadsngi, near Pynursla and the lead actress is Shisha Dkhar from Mawshun village near Pynursla. tynshop the characters who are involved in this film.
Shillong, Lber 12: The MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that it is the duty of the state government to relocate those who live in Iewmawlong.
Histokrist Pachiang was elected as the new Waheh Shnong of the village.
For more information please call
Shillong, Nailar 25: Bah Gilfred Singh Giri, son of (L) Bressimai Khyriemmujat and (L) Olim Singh Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, passed away on 25/08/2023 at his residence in Nongrimbah, Laitumkhrah.
He stressed the need for cooperation as a Jaidbynriew and urged the KAS to take care of this issue in order to achieve the aspirations of the people.
After that, an FIR was lodged against them for violating the rules of law.
IIFA is one of the biggest film festivals in India and it is through this festival that the country's film industry has been able to get closer to other filmmakers and producers of India. the country of the world.
“We have been fighting for our rights since July this year and we have met with government ministers and officers but so far without success,” said David Rapmai, General Secretary.
Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at Die Lang at Rs.10.77 per kilo and at Die Khutia at Rs.11.34 per kilo.
There was also an allocation of Rs 1,11,5500 crore on 6th October 2020 for the purchase of tin sopïing to 600 poor households. Measures are being taken in this regard which has resulted in the BPL people losing this benefit.
This time I didn't tell my father that I wanted to go to this place. I just lied to my father and I took only a tapmoh and a sopti, a patlun and lied to my father that I wanted to go to Saturday. I boarded a bus to Shilong to the seminary with a friend of Bah Hector and I stayed at the seminary because the Fathers accepted me and I stayed at the seminary with the desire to learn English,” he said. added.
Those in the Cabinet in 2014-19 include Sushma Swaraj, Manoj Sinha, Mahesh Sharma, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, Arun Jaitley, KJ Alphons, Hansraj Ahir, Maneka Gandhi, Radha Mohan Singh, Suresh Prabhu, Anant Geete and Uma Bharti have no longer been in the cabinet.
This initiative has brought and is also helping the farmers to have a stable and adequate market linked to the market in the country.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Following the announcement by the Secretary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) through the media that MUDA has allocated T.6 lakh for the construction of houses at 6.5% interest and also T.1.5 lakh for PMAY. The Village Authorities of Mawlai, Pynthorumkhrah, Nongmynsong, Mawpat Umpling, Nongthymmai, Nongkseh, Umlyngka and Lawsohtun held an emergency meeting on Saturday. At this meeting, they decided that they do not want the T.6 lakh and T.1.5 lakh tyngka from MUDA because they do not want MUDA to cross the border in their villages.
Wellmission Dkhar 28' and Pyndap Liam 79' scored the second goal for Demthring.
All this is the following of the rules and the thought of being faster in writing and feeling stagnant in the cave.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Roy said that this sudden appearance of the Seng is to express the desire of the country and the nation to implement the ILP and to introduce the Khasi language in the country. the fifth Article of the Constitution.
We are not experts in the field of education, tell us whether the government will suspend this Act or we will do it ourselves,” said the judges.
However, if they feed on the Khasi blood of the Wars, the Pnar, the Bhoi, the Lyngam, the Maram, the Khynriam, of all the Khasi; and he thlen and tngen.
“We will send this meeting to the state government to request that it should open the door a little bit for discussion and allow the VPP to bring forward its views on the Reservation Policy,” he said. you Ampareen.
Shillong: A vehicle (ML 01 A 0175) has been set on fire by unidentified robbers at about 9 pm.
Placing stones around the sharing will also help to preserve the fertilizer and water.
" said the young Najiar.
“There will be a big problem in the month of July-May, which is the time of admission in the colleges of the State,” he said.
The kindergarten has three staff or guardians who look after about 17 children.
“At present we don't want to reveal much but in due course it will be revealed.
He said that there are 12 foreigners whom the union suspects are qualified, and when asked, they said that they intend to go to Mawngap to work as road contractors.
The Vicar General of the Diocese of Jowai Fr.Martin Shylla spoke on the faith and called on all the priests, religious and Catholics to meaningful conversion especially during this Lent which is a special season of the Catholic Church. .
“The work of Bah Heh Don has led us to join hands to support him.
It is not true that in these days the Khasi people have started to decline in value due to the influx of mynder and the following of other peoples of the world where the value of dignity has declined and many others. They began to count the rights of the people who had been destroyed from the beginning.
“Until now, many people have not taken milk as an important food, but in milk those who drink it get a balanced diet which helps to build the human body and get all kinds of nutrients. vitamin which helps to fight diseases,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“According to the complaint, a man named Morgan friended her on Instagram and told her that he was a naval officer based in the United States.
At such a time when the whole world is in darkness, wonder, poverty, hunger, thirst, ud and iam ; We here in Meghalaya have the opportunity to learn and this article is the same.
This increasing power outage has caused problems to the residents of the area in all aspects, as most of them say that the power outage is due to the lack of water and now besides the rise in water supply, the residents are also suffering. Villages in Ri-Lum Jaintia are still living without electricity.
He said that he pays T.16,000 per month and has appointed 10 foreigners who work with him to buy goods around the villages in Shillong.
On the other hand, the young woman expressed her deep sorrow over this fraud and what is more sad and sad is that this money is also taken by them in the hope that the problem will end. and that they should get government jobs.
Tejas Karia, head of WhatsApp, said in the presence of Acting Chief Justice Manmohan and Justice Manmeet Pritam Singh Arora, “As a group, we say clearly that if we have to violate the rules of WhatsApp is not available here"
Her humility has made her a social media influencer, which has made others want to follow in her footsteps.
The woman was found near Choudhury Pharmacy in Khyndailad and police took her to Civil Hospital, Shillong but she died on the 8th.
“What has the state government through the Forest Department done, why the illegal quarrying by Assamese into the Meghalaya border continues every day”.
He said the delay in implementing the entry and exit points is because the government has to follow the rules.
This was confirmed by several government employees in Athiabari West Khasi Hills District, after talking to this reporter, where they said that many of the works have been delayed due to the lack of electricity. There are also cases where they have to call various offices to provide the necessary information, but such works are often delayed due to the lack of electricity in the area for days and days. They also said that it is difficult for them to provide mobile phones, and often they have to run to Assam just to recharge the battery to call urgently.
“...but if I cannot finish, I feel that the Government will have to extend my term," he said.
I don't care about the race of women or men. What I need is the good relationship between my parents and my children.
Regarding this incident, a police complaint has been lodged by Bah IB Marbaniang who lodged a complaint with the Police on the 8th of this month at 9 pm while he and Bah O Riang - Superintending Engineer MePDCL, Vikash Chandra, Manager, NERSIP and Peter Passah, BDO, Mylliem C&RD Block, were planning to hold a public meeting at the Dorbar Hall, Mawpynthih. the people of the village.
Four years ago, Meghalaya won the bronze medal in the men's category and lost the medal in the women's category. but there are some players who are injured, and we will have to look at this first.
The union also strongly condemns the MSPCB department for not following the rules and regulations at the time of the change of color of the river, for not going to find out the truth from the source. spend nights to focus only on those public hearings of companies that destroy the environment and to destroy the land of the future generation.
Bhansali is currently preparing to release 'Heera mandi' which is one of the web series.
Here too, there is a reason for the feeling of fellow Jaitbynriew and fellow Khasi.
“We demand, therefore, the Government of Meghalaya to set up a polling station at the office of the Ummat Area Employment Council, at Sabuda Presbyterian LP SSA School, Umtlieh SSA LP School and Umshangktad,” said the union. .
Police have seized 3.33 gms of heroin weighing 3.33 grams from them.
Up to 93786 people have been infected in the past few years but 92189 have recovered.
The doctors who treated him told him to send for a coffin because he had only a few hours to live.
And power was given unto him to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
He invited school children and youth to join IRCS to serve others in various ways.
This disease has not only affected the people who have been infected, but has also affected the rich people who earn their living by earning in the morning and eating at night.
According to him, 11 NLCN leaders and members have been arrested from across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
After the training, a written examination was conducted and a practical examination was held.
On the other hand, the DGP appealed to the youth to fight against drugs, as it is a drug that once addicted is difficult to get rid of.
"We will consider this and extend the working hours in the evening for the convenience of the passengers," he said.
A case has been registered at Jhalupara Outpost.
In the attempt to extinguish the fire, the bus did not catch fire at all but only the damage was caused by the throwing of stones and the burning of trees.
He also thanked the police for their hard work in arresting I Love You.
He said that in June this year, the union leaders together with the Rangbah Shnong, had met with the Sub Divisional Engineer of the department in Nongstoiñ, They have also sent a letter to the authorities to request him not to send the tower, but until today the office has not been able to provide it.
The Declaration announced that the 13 states or colonies in North America under British rule would secede from British rule and become independent countries.
The National Health Mission of the State Government on Tuesday celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day at the Soso Tham Auditorium with the theme “Yes! We Can End TB" or "Yes! We Can End TB"
Festival Director Alberto Barbera, while speaking on the selection of Cavani as one of the recipients of the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement, praised the director for her work in the past years. His contribution through direct films to Italian cinema.
Speaking at the meeting, Uttam Kumar Reddy strongly criticized the BRS party and the BJP government for turning away the unemployed youth. without jam in the state.
Location – ChandigarhPayment starting 17k-30k per monthContact 8730911449.
The order has angered Hindu religious groups, saying it is against the Karnataka Education Act.
Shillong: The plan of the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills, to hold a public hearing on the proposed construction of the Star Cement mine, has failed today, as thousands of people, did not attend the meeting. The District authorities have been allowed to proceed with this project.
He also urged and encouraged these football players to work hard to improve their skills and hoped that the team will return to the state with happiness and victory.
In this youth struggle, what will happen next will be a sign of struggle, no single party will get MLAs who can form a government with only one party.
The source said that about 4-5 current MLAs and about 12-13 former MLAs have approached the BJP to give the BJP ticket including those from the NPP. BJP Bah AL Hek declined to disclose the names of the MLAs who want to join and said, “I don't want to disclose their names yet but they are now in front.
Several Bangladeshi currency, Indonesian currency and Bangladeshi SIM cards were also seized from them.
Another sentence is 1 year for robbery under U/S 506 IPC. Both these sentences will have to be served at the same time.
Up to 93765 people have been infected in the past few years but 92153 have recovered.
Shillong, July 13: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem on Thursday filed his nomination papers as one of the candidates for the vacant post of Syiem of Mylliem Hima. U Paiem Latho Manik, the suspended chief, has stepped down from the throne due to illness.
Shillong: The people of India have turned back to the Congress party and have fulfilled many of the promises of the BJP, said Bah John F Kharshiing, General Secretary, MPCC, during his election campaign on 23rd June. 2018, in the village of Bolchugri, in the 53rd Ampati Assembly Constituency.
However, after three days of treatment, the child's fire began to go out, the swelling began to subside and she ate, slept and started playing.
He said that after the destruction of the forests, it is necessary to improve them by planting trees and shrubs. “It's not the right time, let's be the joy of the future,” said Bah L.Rymbai.
Ialade pat the house was jriang but ah! who is only like a satkhap in front of them," said Bruton, laughing.
Shillong, March 21: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday promised to bring it to the Cabinet meeting to be held in the first month of November for discussion before giving approval. The Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) has demanded to pay the salaries of SSA teachers once every three months and to set up a State Education Commission to address the issue of SSA teachers. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has met with the leaders of MSSASA for the third time on Thursday to discuss the demands of the MSSASA. “We have discussed the payment of salaries to SSA teachers for the months of November, March and November until Christmas.
In the ejahar, the RO said that he had received information that on the polling day, 27th June, a person from Pyndengumlong Dong gate Polling Station had ringed a video of himself at the polling station. after voting.
In Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday, a group of journalists from Jaintia Hills witnessed that the Check Post at Nartiang, has released timber trucks even though they don't have any documents. sufficient documents for transportation of timber especially TP (Transit Pass) and Challans.
Shillong: The Congress today announced 25 candidates for the 2019 MDC elections from KHADC and 7 candidates from JHADC. to announce its candidates from four constituencies of KHADC namely Rambrai-Jyrngam, Laban-Mawprem, Nongkrem and Mawkynrew constituencies.
He said that the government has already prepared the blueprint to give only quarter to them but the union insists that the quarter should be given only to those who work in the government and other public undertakings. .
Mizoram won the match through a goal scored by Rohlupuia in the 50th minute in a match witnessed by hundreds of fans from both teams.
Shillong, November 20: A Grade IV job seeker has been taken to hospital for four days after he collapsed.
“But I'm very bad, the talents I have are useless,” he said, adding that his production of songs has not benefited him because today's era is different from the past. In the past, singers could sell their cassettes well, but now they have gone through mobile phones without having to buy them.
Earlier, Hamza Choudhury had the opportunity to represent England at youth level where he made nine appearances for the U-21 side.
Bah S Kharmawphlang, Second Incharge, Mawryngkneng Police Station was also present as the chief guest.
The meeting was conducted by Gee Mawlong General Secretary HYC Upper Shillong Circle.
At this time when the elections are approaching, only 7 months left, the 21 lakh voters of the State are struggling to elect the candidates who will contest the Rongïapan. (votes) and from which parties, so that there can be a change in the state, especially in the way of public service and in the way of running the government so that we can reap the sweet and clean fruits in the next 50 years. come starting in 2023.
Pius won by defeating Martin M Danggo of the NPP from Ranikor while Conrad defeated Charlotte W. Momin of the Congress from South Tura.
Like other carotenoids, beta-carotene is converted into genes that strengthen cells to function.
Jowai: U Arkiru Sutnga, 56-57, Ranger, Jowai Division, has committed suicide by committing suicide. by shooting himself with a gun for his head.
We don't have any complaints against the Daju Khasi brothers and sisters in this market, but one thing we are happy about is that through this Daju business, we have been able to fill the gaps in our homes and in the market. At the same time, we have been able to evict all those foreign Daju, who lived by carrying goods inside this market and this will be the best example for us to evict foreigners. , where there is no other way, but by doing the work that they do.
Seinduli 1 in the east and Seinduli 2 in the west had their own Sordars with village authorities and village boundaries.
There is also the Thwei Khlongblei in the Riangken River.
You don't have to worry about Shillongtimes.
At the same time, she denied that the complaint will affect her election campaign this time and the reason is because she has worked 20 hours for all these years.
He said he welcomed the suggestion of the opposition and said that if the opposition members damage the ship so that it will sink for a while they have to give an answer to the people.
He said that in Khasi Hills, not only the Mawphlang Law but hundreds of Law Kyntangs are available across the Khasi Hills which have been preserved by our ancestors.
In the second leg, Riatsamthiah beat Pynthorbah SC 3-0
And it is difficult and difficult to sing like Kumar Sonu, who has sung many Hindi film songs, if they are not people who do not like the voice of Kumar Sonu. He also praised Bateithymmai and was happy to sing with the Khasi.
While the fire was burning, they slept well, but when the flame of the fire went out, the others did not sleep anymore.
“What's the matter with you?” said Kong Rep.
The first match ended at 10 pm with Dilingiem YSCWA scoring three points (0 – 3) as Laitlulong SC could not walk-over. .
Retired Lieutenant General Kaiwalya Trivikram Parnaik on Tuesday took oath as the new Governor of Arunachal Pradesh.
“At present, Meg Tea is not widely available in Shillong but only in a few shops and efforts have been made to spread it around the area,” he said.
At the same time, Hek said that until now, no one has been able to say which is better, the ILP or the MRSSA, as both have not been experienced in the state.
Dr. Syngkon said that whenever the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit visits the villages, he has the opportunity to explain the party's mission.
Rakkam on Friday urged VPP President Ardent Basaïawmoit to refrain from continuing the indefinite strike as this could have serious consequences.
He said that it was through a letter from the Committee requesting another six months that the EC has forwarded it to the Governor to take the necessary action.
C Rymbai, General Secretary.
He also served as the Chief Minister from 1998 to 2003 and from 2008 to
It is a pleasure to hear from the intellectuals who have been very concerned about how to preserve their own language, and have worked hard to share knowledge. but in the midst of the hard work, there are still many who despise their own language.
The God of Moses, the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and our God is the God of Ages, the true God, the living God, the God of miracles. u Blei that miracle.
In a statement, the Secretary of KJCLF, Rev Edwin Kharkongor, said that the damage to the churches shows the grief of the Christians in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : Agatha Sangma and Saleng Sangma today filed their nomination papers for the Lok Sabha 2024 election to be held on 19th June.
“Although there are many struggles we face, our soul tries to fight against them, by protecting us from mental weakness and falling behind.
On the investment of share capital in government companies, corporations, joint stock companies and cooperatives, it was T.3,240 crore at the end of 2022-23, of which T.2,754.32 crore was in electrical companies.
A.Masynting, 2nd O/C of Mawngap Police Station, explained how drug abuse starts from tobacco and the destructive effects of drugs on the future of the youth who become addicted to this alcoholic beverage. The enemy of their bright future, by pointing out that drugs destroy not only those who are addicted to it, but also their families, all those in the household and the society and produce all kinds of evils such as theft, violence and peace and order all around.
Philip Bamon recalled that on the day of the funeral of these two men, two leaders from Jaintia Hills, Justine Dkhar and Hopeful Bamon, came to condole and promised to He said that these leaders have not done anything and have not spoken a word in the House. about this work.
Your home may never recover from it if you do.12.
Covers chemistry of petroleum,PVC (poly vinyl chloride or sop wire electric),pesticide insecticide, Nitro glycerine,rail roads,kitchen wares,Lukha river degradation due to cheenicals, heat and flame,Dettol,limitations of plastic, Albert Einstein fission E=mC2 (now the world has a nuclear bomb if Putin's Khiewahleng), Bio physics, CFC (chloro floro carbon), Chemistry dependence on Mathematics, de- forestation, Quinine, cosmetics, Iodex, LPG , excessive use of refrigeration, TV And after the questions, we sat down as judges to give marks.
Who created the other nations of the earth? It is not created by God.
On the other hand, he said that the Autumn Fiesta cum variety show will start on 24th November 2022 and end on 26th November The lucky draw will be held on 26th November
Shillong, March 23: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs Shillong (UNGA) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the government's insult to them, who are the pillars of the society.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah T.Lyngwa has urged all the residents of the district to be vigilant and take care in case of storms. cause injury or destruction to houses, electrical wiring, trees and others.
What is more surprising is that as we have seen in the past few days, the Assam Police have even dared to expel the Meghalaya Police from Psiar.
Therefore, she urged them to work hard and fulfill their duties properly so that they can be of benefit to the community in the future and make good use of the money they receive as the prize.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : U Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram on Tuesday welcomed the leaders and supporters of the UDP who came out to support him (HM Shangpliang) in the 2023 MLA election. .
The Word of God says, “Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed. that by his stripes ye were healed.
Duplicate mark sheets can be sent to 9383052286, 9678091106, 8837348828 and the deadline for submission of zerox copies of mark sheets is from 18th March 2022 to 2nd 2nd November
The number of cases in Rajasthan has risen to 1,628 with 52 new cases and 25 deaths.
“Besides these, there are small training centres, which we are setting up as a goal to help the youth," he added.
“Although the CAA, 2019 has exempted the operation of the tribal areas of the State, the fact will remain that not all the areas in Meghalaya fall under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
The government has given the operation of these four buses and small vehicles to private groups to earn money to transport passengers in Shillong and surrounding areas.
He said that he will look into this matter and ensure that the foreigners will not be allowed to enter the state,” said the President of the HYC. Police have detained, arrested and prosecuted many Bangladeshi smugglers into Meghalaya.
He wanted his brother to die in the wilderness and his body to be eaten by wild animals.
Khliehriat, July 27: The District Social Welfare Officer, Adolescent Health Clinic, Khliehriat, in collaboration with the District Medical and Health Officer, Khliehriat, and the Self Help Groups (SHGs), today held an awareness program at Dong Wahshnong LP School, Rymbai. drugs that threaten society.
Marak said the suspects were arrested from the Sumo and a 7.65mm pistol, magazines and 35 rounds of ammunition were seized from Grewingston Marak. 7.62 AK-rifle from Sengpan Marak.
Diengshynrum are the third team to qualify for the semi-finals along with Pamrakmai SC and Iatyllilang Hingaria.
It may be recalled that the Sengbhalang has vowed to continue their continuous protests until they get the ILP.
In addition to the presence of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and others, children can also use other sites that can mislead and disrupt their young minds and brains.
After the elections, social media platforms were flooded with praise and support for the newly formed party, the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
In this regard, those residents who have reached the age of 18 years as of that date, who have not yet registered on the Draft Electoral Roll, can register themselves at the Polling Station where they reside. The names of those who have died or fled the village and the mistakes will be corrected at this time.
The UDP, the largest political party in the state, won 11 MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia and nothing from Garo Hills, while the others won only 2 or 4 MLAs. The National Assembly to lead the State Government.
I had never seen, such a thing and it was the first time.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today decided to accept the resignation of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit from the post of President.
He introduced the Meghalaya Eastern Frontier Regulation Bill 1979 but the Legislative Assembly rejected the resolution.
According to information, the Prime Minister's Office has taken action to implement this project across the country.
According to a statement, NEEPCO together with its headquarters in Shillong should consider the issue of employment opportunities for educated youth from different parts of the North East. Therefore, the test centers should be located only in the capitals of the North Eastern States.
He also urged the Vice Chancellor to sign an agreement to provide adequate education and training to the students of the ethnic groups for the Civil Services Examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission. (UPSC).
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : U Minister of Arts and Culture and Veterinary and MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai today encouraged the domestic workers at their meeting held at RLSSCO Community Hall Lumshatsngi. The National Domestic Workers' Movement (NDWM) Meghalaya Unit has organized a campaign to mark the Labor Day.
Bihar police today raided the Kotak Mahindra Bank in Mumbai to check the account of Sushant Singh Rajput.
This section falls under the category of apocalyptic speech and writing and this form of apocalyptic speech or writing is very common among the Jews.
These children were selected from the competition held in June this year in which about 3000 children from all over Jaintia Hills took part.
The two KLO members who were shot dead on the same day were identified as Abhijit Deka of Routa, Udalguri and Nipon Rai of Kashidoba, Bongaigaon.
Meanwhile, the common people who cannot buy land according to the SOP will be severely affected," she said.
Rangdajied has requested the Sengbhalang to extend the curfew from 8 pm to 10 pm.
Referring to the commitment of the Meghalaya TMC to the state, Mamata appealed to the people “to empower people, hold the dignity, celebrate the uniqueness of Meghalaya”.
Leaders of the Meghalaya TMC held a condolence meeting on the incident and announced the sad news at a meeting attended by tens of thousands of people in Kharkutta on the same day.
This is the main reason why the laws of the Government, which have been passed by the elected leaders, with the best intentions, in the eyes of the people become doubtful.
He said that he sells 500 tyngka per khlong and 250 tyngka per kilogram to supply to the whole city of Shillong and before the union found out, he had already sold only about 1,000 tyngka.
There are houses with toilets and drains directly into the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
On the other hand, the union has taken this opportunity to inform the workers about the schemes and benefits from the State Government through the Labor Department.
Because he sees that Bah Witting when he is a leader he has a responsibility for the problems of the people not only in his constituency but for the people of the state as a whole.
Pynursla, July 25: More than a month after the shooting death of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih by the BSF, it happened near Mawshun village, Pynursla on Sunday evening. Jeffry Podweiñ, 26, of Erbamon village, Pynursla district, was seriously injured in a bomb blast by the BSF near Umsyiem village.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 185th Death Anniversary of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Tirot Sing Syiem said that if there were no COVID-19 pandemic, should have finished this plan, but this incident interfered.
West Jaintia Hills has 70 active cases of COVID-19, 4 of whom have recovered.
The chief guest was DP Wahlang, IAS Addl.Chief Secretary in the presence of Ram Kumar S, IAS Additional Secretary, Health & Family Welfare Department & Mission Director Health Mission, Meghalaya, Dr. H Lyndem Director Health Services (MCH&FW) & Jt.
A good attitude toward life,
I also reject the allegation that the MDA government is involved in the smuggling of coal,” he said.
For many churches, especially for the paid knup paid trap, that it has been the same as before the Once-Annual Festival.
The thylliej is one of the sources of ethics.
After the Seng has sent a letter to the relevant authorities in the past few days to demand that this issue should be resolved immediately, but the complaints and demands have been in vain because no one believes. .
Mebantei Suchiang scored the first goal of the match in the 42nd minute.
According to witnesses in the video, Marpan was seen standing about a few feet away and the driver fell to the ground after the incident.
In Assam, there have been 331 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam today, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Rising Star, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 139/6 in 20 overs.
To avoid delaying the payment of salaries to SSSA teachers in the future, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that it has been decided to talk to the Central Government for the release of salaries once every three months. I don't know what to do.
Pastor Basaiawmoit, therefore, believes that Juliana's statements are very misleading and said that if Juliana does not explain, then he will take it to the kur meeting on the 31st of this month. month.
This has greatly affected the progress of careers on the one hand and has also prevented many young people who have been trained from getting jobs that they aspire to provide services to.
He said that those who demand that the government should provincialize the teaching profession are not government schools but private non-government schools run by various groups.
He said that those who demand that the government should provincialize the teaching profession are not government schools but private non-government schools run by various groups.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Agnes Kharshiing at 9:45 pm today.
In 70 AD, the Temple was destroyed by the Roman army under Titus, before and between 1945 AD and up to 9 million Israelites were killed by King Adolf Hitler.
Although the government has taken time to resolve the issue, it has been seen that the efforts have started to bear fruit and the discussions have started to move in the right direction.
They are just taking advantage of the opportunity to defame the service of God to us Christians...they are too proud to publish such writings.
Therefore, as responsible citizens, we must bring and establish a drug-free and peaceful state.
The President of Mawlai Circle has been supported by various units in the Mawlai Circle.
In the match played at Salpara, Mendipathar, EGH continued their second win against NGH; South Garo Hills DCA won by five wickets on Monday.
Daniel described the Kingdom of God that would come here on earth, saying – “Until the Ancient of Days (Jesus Christ) and the judgment was come upon the saints of the most High, and the time came for the saints to receive the kingdom" Daniel 7:2
“The Anti Narcotics Cell (ANC) of Mumbai Police has arrested a drug dealer of a gang with MDMA (methylenedioxy methamphetamine) pills worth Rs 15.42 lakh.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Bindo M Lanong was elected as the MDC from the UDP on 28th July
“The Assembly Secretariat has informed him (Nongrum) according to a letter received from the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma which says that the Assembly Secretariat cannot discuss the issue. CAG report in the dorbar as it is still under the supervision of the PAC (Public Accounts Committee).
On the other hand, the union said that it has not yet seen the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the MRSSA in the state.
Similarly, if you have a ksew, if you have a powder, it will be destroyed.
This book has 150 pages and costs only T.250/-.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today reached 226.0mm, while today, the rainfall was 94.2mm.
It is learned that this beautiful place is not far from the Umngot River and on the other side of the Umngot River, there are villages in Amlarem, War Jaintia Hills district.
“Ka seng is deeply saddened by the government's failure to stop the smuggling of foreigners into our state.
“I am surprised because I didn't get any information before I was expelled, I don't even know about those writings that I have insulted the party, it is up to them to explain.
In Nongstoin Constituency, the Congress, NPP and AITC have nominated candidates. The candidates of these three parties have decided to contest. villages to set up offices, in order to strengthen their parties in order to attract the voters to win the upcoming elections.
He questioned how the meat vendors can operate the market without any problems because the consumers have not checked or asked about the quality of the meat, while the meat sold in the markets. ot at the time of sale, besides being good, the people often buy it.
“There will always be winners and losers in the competition but as the organizers we have a responsibility to ensure that the management will be fair and orderly and will be welcomed by the participants. ".
Another job that has enslaved the government officials these days is the money laundering, because if there are government jobs that are easy to get into these jobs they have to pay money.
The Aam Aadmi Party has also announced that it will not attend the opening ceremony as part of its strong opposition to Modi for not inviting the President to attend.
This scheme was proposed to the department in 2010 and has been implemented in 2013 and will surely benefit the people of the area.
The state has used the Geo-Fencing App to track down those who have violated the rules related to quarantine.
The Secretary of the MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, encouraged the athletes to represent the State at this time, by urging them not to be afraid.
The road from Mawkdok Bridge to Umdiengpoh falls under the jurisdiction of Dympep Village and to ensure cleanliness, the Village has appointed two women to clean twice a month.
In the video, Prestone Tynsong was seen dancing and dancing and then he went to invite some of his fellow MLAs to dance with him.
“It is a shame that although the office of the Director of School Education and Literary (DSEL) has released the salaries of all the DSEOs for the third quarter of November to November 2019, the Treasury and banks have not yet released them. “I have received the money because the government doesn't have the money,” said Babu Kular.
Through the darkness of ignorance, the question arises whether the husbands should also be involved with others:-1
He also announced that the MDA government has allocated T.6 crore for the improvement of the village road in Mowkaiaw.
Shillong, November 7: On the 23rd death anniversary of former KSU President Bull Lyngdoh, his elder brother Manbha Mastor Singh Lyngdoh Nongkynrih, on Tuesday said that at the time of his death, Bull is still alive at the age of 31 years and if he is alive now he is still 54 years old and can still serve the nation.
Before the outbreak of the coronavirus, God had already warned the people of the world, in India and in our Khasi country.
I don't think there is anything wrong with giving medicines to plants or if they are any kind of medicines but as of now, in this area, there is nothing used to give medicines. but they died," he said.
Lumiawmuchai scored the first goal in the first half.
Speaking after leaving Mukul Sangma's room, KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait said the meeting with Mukul Sangma was on two issues including the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled and the introduction of the Khasi language. “The Minister said that the compulsoryization of the Khasi language is no longer new and he will look into this to ensure that the Khasi language (MIL) is made compulsory again in in class XI & XII”, said Dr Nonglait.
Some of the weapons seized were an AK rifle with magazine, 9mm pistol and magazine, 7.65 pistol and magazine, 65 unused AK bullets, seals, demand letters and others. ready to fight.
According to him, some of the firefighters have lodged a complaint with the office of the SDO of MeECL in Pynursla these days, but they have not received a satisfactory reply.
stop.
Only service like this can give us hope.
No.NH-14012/15/2013-P&M (Pt-23) GOI Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, Dt.05.04.2017.
If one of these Mawbyrsiew falls, the family will be destroyed without the unity of the three Mawbyrsiew, the father, the mother, and the children.
Police today, with the help of the villagers, have recovered more ammunition, hidden by the GNLA. The GNLA said that police have searched various places in Dorenkigre, Chachatgre, Bawegre and Nengmandalgre villages and in a three-day search, police have recovered these firearms. from the villages of Dorenkigre, Chachatgre and Nengmandalgre, which are near the Simsang River.
In the District Awards 2022, the winners were Dr. Handuras Shullai, MA, BEd, Vice Principal of Pongkung Church, Pongkung. Readverb R.Marak, HSLC, Assistant Teacher of Ranikor Government LP School in the Lower Primary Level.
However, Lahiri, 40, disappeared into the water and the search is still ongoing.
To rebuild the offices of Deputy Commissioners, Block offices and repair existing ones, to build schools and police stations in the state, the Cabinet meeting has decided to received Rs 1500 crore from NABARD Infrastructure Development Assistance (NIDA).
“According to the news that has come out in recent days about Bah Phermeki Salahe, the Foundation has exposed the image of the Foundation in an unpleasant manner, through the Many reports have criticized not only the members of the Foundation but also the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
A group of Karbi people together with Assam Police on Tuesday raided and destroyed about 800 trees planted in Lapangap village.
We have also been ranked as the top performing state along with Gujarat and Karnataka in the National Startup Ranking Framework 2021,” he said.
According to the report on the revenue collection for the fiscal year ended 31st October 2020 by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), the state government has not yet made any preparations for the revenue collection of “Due to the failure of the State Government to notify the rules to be followed for the production of Indian Made Foreign Liquor ( IMFL) from Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA) even after mentioning its shortcomings in the report for the financial year ended 31st October 2014 which resulted in a loss of Rs 57.83 crore, 30.69 crore in the form of excise duty and 27.13 crore in the form of VAT from the production of 3,78,946.00 cases of liquor in the last three years,” he said. The rules for the production of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA) and the rules for the production of ENA from rice seeds have resulted in a loss of revenue. It said that there may also be an underestimate of the production and sale of IMFLs. This was reported to the government in November
Dr. Agarwal replied to the same question by saying that the GMCH does not admit patients to the hospital without a nurse. those patients who have no relatives? , the doctor did not escape, said the reporter but he spoke slowly to protect himself and could not answer clearly the answers when asked why he sent to take the doctor. Police took Victoria to the hospital.
In the 65-70 KG GROUP, Vijay Singh came first (FITORIUM GYM), John Sangma (Synergy Fitness Gym) came second and Mintu Nath came third (Muscle Excess Fitness Gym). ).
“We contested from 60 constituencies but we won only 11 and if we count only the parts of Ri-lum Khasi we contested from 36 constituencies and we won only 11 and this shows that most of the residents even in 36 constituencies don't want “If they want to change the policy, they have to win a majority of MLAs from the UDP,” said Bah Paul.
The KSU said that the village leaders have alleged that the contractor who constructed the road has not complied and has acted improperly to construct the road according to the specification.
To find out how the bridge was built and designed, we spoke to Bah Rogest Diengdoh, one of the residents who took part in this project.
Rahul yesterday accused Modi of allowing China to seize Indian land.
The program will run from 24th June to 18th June
We are trying to ensure that such training continues in the coming days," he said.
The donation program was held at the ground floor of the MLA's office where the gifts were handed over by leading leaders from the women and men who are the leading supporters of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. .
He said that to curb the water shortage, the government has taken steps to allocate T.350 crore to rejuvenate the Umiam River in Khasi Hills and the Ganol River in Garo Hills.
The meeting was held to protest against the state government for delaying and ignoring the demand of the Unions of Village Leaders of the state to enact the VAB
The residents of Narpuh Elaka, East Jaintia Hills district today staged a protest against the failure of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the state government to listen to their demand for the repair of the road. National Highway-06 has been closed.
Anjali went home after she had married Sidhiqui with the intention of telling the truth, but when her parents learned of the incident, she went home. she ran away from home, on July 30, 2018.
The judges of the competition are Lyngkit Lyngdoh and Heithmu Phawa from Jowai, Danny Dann and Felix Langstieh from Shillong and Albana Rimsu from Garo Hills. to the winners.
“Many parents have come to the schools to seek clarification on this issue but they have not received any information because it is the DSEO office that has done this,” said one teacher.
This will increase by 73 per cent to 3114 from 2014 to
Walubara, now 45, is unsure whether his plan will succeed and whether Australia will recognize his ownership of the village where he lives.
In this match which was played at the Third Ground, Lamlynti players played strongly from the start and Batskhem Thongnirit scored the first goal in the 4th minute.
Friends, since the lockdown, I have been spending my time writing articles.
During the New Year offerings people perform prayers and fast for experiencing blessings and good fortune throughout the year.
The film will be screened at Iungwalieh Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai for two days, on the 26th and 27th of March, Saturday and Sunday. tickets are T.100/- per person.
The British Empire, which ruled in the past centuries, has provided modern tools to clean and tidy from the human body to the household, the fields, the gardens, the road especially the environment.
On the issue of fertilizer, he said that there are people who are like tham who want to insult Bah Banteidor just to protect their honour.
We have been friends since
He said that as the Government has not been able to provide it, the Battalions and Companies of the CRPF have been deployed in temporary camps in different parts of Shillong and the state as a whole. other.
Nongpoh: Former MLA Mawhati Constituency and President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, on Tuesday said that the departure of leaders from the party has nothing to do with the party. Suddenly, the UDP leader in Ri Bhoi said that he feels like a friend and those who have worked within the party in the past years, but considering the impact on the party, the UDP leader in Ri Bhoi , said that he does not expect it to affect, in which he said that it may strengthen the party.
He said that members of the Nagaland Garo Tribal Council and the President of the Garo Students Union (GSU) Nagaland Zone came and took part in the Wangala dance.
The rally was held at Kharkutta Mini Stadium. The residents of the area demanded that the government should punish the soldiers who shot dead the two men and expressed their disapproval of the Magistrate's investigation. Because this incident was carried out by the soldiers and it was the soldiers who committed this incident.
The people should think carefully, they should think carefully during this time of crisis lest they turn away immediately after the election.
“We as the President, Secretary and leaders of the Garo Seng here in Khasi Hills would like to inform you that there are many Garo people living across the Khasi Hills since ancient times until now. and many Garo have their own land or A.khings Land within the boundary of different districts,” said the petition.
In the complaint, TUR alleges that the CAA 2019 is against and violates the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution, such as the right to equality before the law (art 14), the right to freedom and the right to freedom of belief (art 21), the right to freedom of religion and worship (art 25) and the right to privacy (right to privacy recently proclaimed by the SC).
“The entry of foreigners should be curbed and the people should listen that they should curb this not by force but by the power of mind,” said Bah Rowel. and other laws helped the state control immigration.
It may be recalled that in October this year, Mondal had told the Legislative Assembly that the age of the Umiam Bridge has expired and the government is preparing to strengthen the bridge so that it will continue. it is strong and can be used.
At the same time, the Seng expresses its regret over the issuance of trade licenses by the Council to foreigners without considering the indigenous people which is also a violation of the rules of the Council. Section 10 (2) (iv) of the United Khasi Hills District Regulations, 1954 prohibits the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners if there are indigenous people who are able to operate. juh you have done according to this law.
The turnout in this constituency was only 52.65%, another UDP constituency was Mawlai which has its own MLA where this constituency came second in the lowest turnout. Shella Constituency of UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy has the fourth lowest turnout in Shella Constituency. reached only 53.21%.
Ladthadlaboh beat Mukhla Raij SC 2-0 in the second half. The goals were scored by Ejingmut Dkhar alone in the 77th and 82nd minutes.
However, at the meeting, the Chief Minister informed that the Mizoram government will not be able to interfere in the work of the Manipur government on issues related to Greater Mizoram or on issues related to in connection with the efforts to bring about unity among the Mizo people.
Regarding the recruitment of students as members of the Academic Council (AC), NEHUSU General Secretary Banpynbiang Riang said that the VC has agreed to allow the students to lead the Academic Council. Council.
The police report also showed that police have successfully raided and destroyed the AMEF camp in Boldra Abri, East Garo Hills and Daso, West Khasi Hills. The GNLA and ULFA in Durama Hills near Nokrek have destroyed GNLA camps in Gonjagre, Patalagre and Songmagre villages and Duragre forest.
Who will take responsibility if the protector becomes the victim?
The protest at the time of the shooting death of Bah Che (Cheristerfield Thangkhiew) was terrible but the leaders of this government have raised the voice of the people and now, many have started to eat. This government doesn't care and doesn't listen to anyone, not even the people, as if it's not. The government is not elected by the people.
It is learned that those who took the vehicle, walked up and down and showed the guns in the vehicle.
A meeting was held between the OC of Mawngap Police Station, the Dorbar Shnong and the Eastern Air Command and it was explained that it was for security reasons,” said the Chief Minister.
Throughout the day, the group of taxi drivers, led by Bah Lucas Maring as President, met with the management of the company that operates the toll gate, in order to request them to They should allow those commercial vehicles that pass every minute from the NHAI toll gate, because if the local taxis that pass through the area, get caught in the collection of taxes, it will cause a lot of trouble. Taxi drivers and it doesn't make sense for them to earn.
If found guilty, the Myntdu Farmers Welfare and Producer Organization will impose a fine and punishment according to the rules and regulations of the organization.
On the other hand, the SP of the district, Bah Vivek Syiem, in order to assist the police in protecting and arresting the suspects with evidence, urged the public to cooperate by informing immediately. Please contact the Police Control Room at No.03652-220782 or 9774065467 or Whatapp No. or email the SP with your mail ID.
The bombs were intended to explode at a cash collection point at 7mer, West Jaintia Hills District.
He also thanked the Lord for being with him to rescue the woman and said that he was fortunate that when he wanted to tie her first, The electrical sign inside the house was not covered and the woman's house fell from top to bottom and perhaps a more tragic incident could have happened.
The foreigner does not even have a food license and a trading licence.
I also know that the MBOSE also sends teachers who are not qualified for the spot scrutiny of papers, and sometimes it also sends teachers who do not take the subject concern.
In the winner's group, Green House won the title after defeating all the Houses who participated in the sports tournament organized by the school.
Change will not come unless we discuss the ideas and issues that affect the people.
However, amidst these allegations and rumors that she will be removed from the Lok Sabha, Moitra has not hesitated and said that if she is removed from the Lok Sabha, she will return. to the Lok Sabha with a stronger victory in the upcoming elections.
Nongstoiñ: A day after being shot and arrested by the Assam Police in an incident in Umwali village, two persons, Bah Pynhun Saring, driver of a truck carrying electrical appliances and Lestar Thongni, Secretary of Umwali Village Council, has passed away.
When they have finished building their own houses, they have to go back to their own houses.
Mawkyrwat MLA Bah Renikton Lyngdoh on Saturday said that he will contest from this day and leave the HSPDP which won the election in He said that he has not banned the HSPDP but it is necessary for him to contest to strengthen the UDP. Bah Lambor Malngiang also confirmed that he will contest from the UDP and soon on his part. He said that he will join the party soon to apply for ticket and he admitted that it is necessary for the party to rule the state after the 2023 elections.
These leaders of the party, warned everyone that from now on, they should no longer continue to smuggle cows between the Khasi and Assam, in which they did not oppose their work, but they are worried that perhaps only from this. The contact between Meghalaya and Assam, will cause more harm to the people, especially during this time of fighting against COVID-1
Dr. Jerin Syiem is also the husband of Kong Jaya Syiem and father of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency. Deberborn Syiem, Medical Officer, Marngar PHC, Dr. Junnywed Syiem, Medical Officer, Marngar PHC. She was born on 1st November 1931, and in her career, she became a Doctor to pass the first MBBS from Ri Bhoi District, in 1971 after the earthquake. He worked as the Medical Officer of the State Leprosy Unit until 1988 and also held the rank of SDMO in the same year.
He said the government has a target of creating 500,000 job opportunities in various departments and assured that the government will work with Don Bosco Technical School in the broader sector to achieve this goal. sha this thong.
Have any of the people taken part in the rally?” Sangma alleged that the students who had already been registered under the UAPA were not invited by the government.
This post is based on Phermeki's approval of the Foundation's assistance.
“In this election, he will contest the 2023 election, we will see whether the people will elect him as the leader of the state or the parliamentary people will send him back as MP, but Bah Pala as the leader. he is the one who is righteous.
““Last year, the Central Government agreed in a letter sent to the United Kisan Morcha on November 9, 2021 that the Electricity (Amendment) Bill will not be tabled in Parliament without consultation. and without prior consultation with various groups, including the farmers,” said the statement signed by CCORMAU President PK Shulet and General Secretary BK Nongkhlaw.
Even after the completion of education, parents have relied on tuition since their children were in KG class.
Members of the Organizing Committee and the Office of the SDO (Civil) Sohra held a meeting on how to learn and promote the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the country, Prashant Naik, said that the purpose of the campaign is to encourage people to register as voters in order to bring about strong democracy. .
Other minorities have lived here and therefore we should respect them and their contribution to the building and development of the State and society.
So far, Meghalaya has completed four matches in the tournament, losing three times, including a victory in Delhi on Friday.
Sometimes even those who are qualified in jobs do not meet their demand, so they have to work together with other jobs to meet their demand.
Shillong, July 08: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday said that there are 36,000 SHGs in the country. The Supreme Court has ordered the High Court to suspend the temporary order of the High Court not to implement the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Assam and Meghalaya until July expectation of Government.
He said that the government has tried to reward the villages that are clean and with this scheme he said that it will be implemented to reward the clean markets. Through the Deputy Commissioner, he said that financial assistance can be provided once a year to clean up the market and if the market is cleaned, other markets will be like it.
Khliehriat, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Central Government has decided to distribute free foodgrains to all the beneficiaries of the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and this is through the National Food Security Act for a period of 10 years from July 2023 to November
“The start of the wat baar will depend on the arrangement of the two prime ministers but these villages are ready to discuss if these committees come to inspect,” he said.
We go to the district councils, village panchayats to learn about their working methods, governance and what we know we can improve the governance so that we can tell our government and give “I don't know what else we can do to improve the district and the state,” he said.
The two ASHA leaders said that Dr. Amparene has spoken too much and has gone too far and this salary to the ASHAs according to Dr. Ampareen has increased with the salary. MLA and if so, Amparene should resign as MLA and work as ASHA. They said in the first meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Amparene said she would meet with the Prime Minister to discuss the issue of ASHAs, but it is surprising to see in the media that Amparene's speech has been like a The ASHA workers have been treated like dustbins and all the garbage has been thrown into the ASHAs. Furthermore, the ASHA leaders said, “As a rich man, you have When you work as a Minister of Government, you should also speak like a wise man and like a light person and not like a dark person because when you started this job you started as a volunteer but it didn't happen. There is a social relationship between ASHAs and volunteers throughout their lives as Dr.Ampareen said.
The meeting was chaired by Chairman Chot Pde.
The meeting was led by Governor Phagu Chauhan and Governor of Manipur Anusuiya Uikey and was attended by officers and staff of Raj Bhavan.
Many people don't like it because all the issues, whether small or large, especially the issues that affect the people and the country and the nation, have been thought about and dealt with. at High Level.
In reply, he said that there may be no one who doesn't want money for himself, who will not be able to do this because it is not against the law and if it is recognized by the state government and they follow all the guidelines. and the order to stay 100 yards from schools and churches is the ticket offices.
Tremiki Lamurong of Lajong shot a free kick and the ball went to Khongjoh but Malki players managed to score.
Looking at this match, it can be said that Lajong played hard from the start.
Do we think of this part as brothers and sisters in our lives?4 Finally, my experience is the temporary killing of life.
The grounds will also be flooded if it rains and if the children stand in line, they will be affected and will suffer.
Shillong: The Jaintia Livestock Butcher Welfare Association (JLBWA) today urged the meat consumers to be vigilant when buying beef. before you buy this meat.
Henodson Sangma suspected that Darren Sangma had possessed him.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Pyndenmawramhah, Bah Ferdinand Lyngkhoi, Secretary of Pyndenmawramhah, said that the deterioration of this road is so extreme that small vehicles cannot pass through. You also have to walk through the woods.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on receiving information about the plan of Assam to cross the border in Pahambarngi Barapathar village, Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, u Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, took immediate action to inform the Assam government. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has also requested him to take action and talk to the government officials from Assam. to stop the border crossing inside the village.
Former Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje had closed down all the liquor shops, but now the incumbent Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot has resumed the opening of liquor shops.
Hours after the counting of votes in Meghalaya, the state will now wait for who will form the government, but there have also been tragic and unprecedented incidents in the history of the state, in which There were protests everywhere because of the defeat of the candidates and what is more sad is that until people died.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdohuba, who inaugurated the SHG market, said that the department should monitor the implementation of the scheme so that it reaches the people. He said that it is necessary to think because there are committees which after receiving the money, distribute it to their members without delivering it to the people.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) held a meeting in Shillong on Friday to discuss the receipt of complaints from journalists. news in different districts of the state on the number of private YouTubers who go around the country to gather news, who attend various government meetings, and also who go to attend Press Conferences, Press Briefings in different districts.
Conrad said he had visited Mairang earlier as opposition leader, where the elders had expressed the need for a new district.
Khliehriat, Nailur 04 :The villages in Saipung area, East Jaintia Hills District are one of the areas which face the most problems in terms of traffic, due to the deterioration and overcrowding of the road. The road has been filled with soil and has caused problems to the vehicles that travel to these areas.
Others who passed well and scored 80 percent or above in Tuber Kmaishnong were Anisha Phawa who came in 1st division in Nursing, Buhkhihsadamebiang Phawa who came in 1st division in Bachelor of Pharmacy, Ha Dkhar won the 1st division of the SSLC and Ribait Phawa won the 1st division of the HSSLC last year.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, urged and suggested that it would be good to set up Self Help Groups. for those with disabilities, where assistance, such as government schemes and other benefits will come through SHGs which will be for the development of people with disabilities , he congratulated the Ephphatha Society of Dkhiah and also the Kyrmen Foundation for doing great work for the people with disabilities. The Society and the Kyrmen Foundation have been able to sign a school for those with disabilities and this school will be opened soon.
Therefore, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit has demanded that the government should provide for these needs of the youth from the Recreational Center and Training Centers in Ri Bhoi District. that many young people will continue to be involved in drugs and other evils which affect not only the future of their children but the bright and strong future of the State as a whole.
“In fact, it was at that time that Meghalaya got to demand the amendment of the Presidential Order which separated from Assam through the North East Reorganization Act 1971,” he said.
Announcing the decision, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla said that the university has already sent letters to all the universities that have joined the NEHU. NEHU expects to implement it from 01st July
The ultimate purpose of any government is to bring about the greatest good for the greatest number, said Bentham.
The house was handed over to the family of Kong Biki Biam along with other necessary items including a set of sofa chairs, two beds, tables, stoles, a cupboard and other necessities.
You see that Bah Paul is sorry for himself that leading himself is not equal but leading others is equal.
The disease you have is Covid-19 pneumonia with hypertension.
To be an MLA does not mean to look only at one's own constituency and I remember Bah Peter Marbaniang (to look at the house of God) who used to say to his fellow legislators, “Why do you look only at one's own constituency? Look at the needs of the state as a whole because to make laws you have to understand the needs of the people in the state as a whole, not just your small constituency.
These MLAs said that even if the UDP and other parties want to form a government of ethnic parties, but there are other parties like the TMC and Congress, and there is no difference if a government is formed with the UDP. The NPP is the party in Meghalaya.
If the government (wife life department) cannot send security guards to the fields of the farmers, the government should pay compensation for the cost of the destruction or extermination of these wild animals. the year.
We have lodged a complaint with the SDO and recently on November 23 we lodged another complaint against the inclusion of 27 foreigners who are not residents of the village in the electoral roll,” said Lurman B.Talang General Secretary. the KSU War Jaintia.
Introducing the budget, Conrad also discussed the holding of several major sporting events including the Meghalaya Games which is scheduled to be held in June. The North East Olympic Games will be held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the State.
On Tuesday, 22.04.1963 at 10.30 am, the Syiem of Mylliem, Jum Singh received the Dorbar Syiem of Mylliem Mawkhar from Jor Manik Syiem who was in charge of this house.
On the other hand, the state government has issued a notice to educate the public about the cow disease, saying not to drink milk, sell milk even though the disease cannot spread to humans. .
Jowai, June 17: The 7-Aside Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the Sports & Games Committee of Panaliar Village has started on the 16th of June. Justice Lyngdoh, Waheh Chnong of Rymbai EJH. Earlier, a short meeting was chaired by Owaker Pasweth, Chairman, S&G Committee. He said that football is one of the ways to achieve a healthy body.
However, shortly before they left Sohiong for Shillong, they were informed by the Mahila Congress leadership that they should come to Shillong to meet with the Congress. Bhawan to think carefully for this matter.
A living nation should take accountability from the government and fight against corruption.
He said that all the border villages from Sabuda, Jatalong, Umtlieh, Madan Umwang, Umlaper and other villages have been given the opportunity to elect their leaders. Recently, one of the MLAs from West Karbai Anglong constituency has warned that the paid border residents will not be allowed to vote in Ri Bhoi District. Meghalaya.
Other speakers from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia who carried placards to express to the world that they need freedom, it is their body. and only they can make a decision.
The investigation into the suspects is ongoing.
In 18229, a war broke out between the Hima Nongkhlaw and the British East India Company.
To acquire wisdom in us human beings, first of all by listening to our parents and listening to the advice of the elders in our homes, in our villages and everywhere else.
Other awards presented at the function included the Dronacharya Awards, Arjuna Awards, Dhyan Chand Awards for Lifetime Achievement in Sports and Games, RashtriyaKhelProtsahanPuruskar, Maulana AbulKalam Azad Trophy and Tenzing Award Norgay Adventure National.
You have not prevented political parties from holding public meetings, even though the court has made it clear that the rules and regulations should be followed to prevent the spread of covid,” the court said. “You feel like you are on another planet when you are allowed to hold public meetings”.
During the game, it was seen that many of the people supported the team of the Pastors and cheered and encouraged the Pastors.
The ability of the shopkeepers to store their goods in this manner without fear shows that there are people of the Hima or the council who have authorized them to do so for personal gain. (Here is a picture of one of the shops selling goods on the public road).
Thank you Carmel.
Heavy rains have fallen in the past few months and mountains have collapsed, rivers have flooded, houses have been flooded and the Umiam Lake has been flooded.
On the other hand, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, informs that vehicles will be allowed to board until 12 noon and those who wish to return to their homes, will be allowed to get off from at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Regarding the preparation of the Mylliem Hima to arrest Daju who do not wear uniform from tomorrow, the Daju Iewduh have vowed to carry their luggage without uniform and if anyone is arrested they will go to the police station. , and they shall announce a strike of all the Daju Iewduh, without disturbing the market or the movement of the people, and in this strike they said that all the Daju Iewduh shall not carry goods. They also said that they will not accept the proposal to wear uniforms to them, as they alleged that it is a forced act by the district council and the Hima Mylliem, without consulting them. Ardent M Basaiawmoit said that before implementing the uniform decision, he will hold a meeting with the Daju. but it was announced that they would take uniforms and they were forced to wear uniforms.
On the other hand, Paila Kordor Lyngkot said that through this channel, they will conduct competition programs so that the youth can take part free of charge in the activities to showcase their talents.
Sam, who also performed in the item number of Pushpa: The Rise, feels that time has passed quickly and unexpectedly she has reached 13 years in her career.
What is the reason why these MeECL officials have rejected the grant which the State is ready to pay but they want the Corporation to take a loan from the banks at 10-12% interest and pay later. lem bad the owner.
She said the government is having difficulty in setting up a land market due to lack of land.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) said that in the coming months, the offices of the Deputy Commissions of the districts will conduct public awareness campaigns in each block on the use of the new machines. there is no confusion during the voting process.
The purpose of this meeting was to instill in the minds of the border residents to come together and fight forward against the problems faced by the people of Assam for decades.
In the same year, his father also filed a complaint against three people for the disappearance of his son.
He also gave the example of the projects in Shillong Smart City where the State needs knowledgeable and intelligent people and out of the three States in the country, Meghalaya is among these three where has been able to complete the preparation of the projects and has received an allocation of T.130 crore.
The Final Electoral Roll will be released on 5th July
He said that the stories of (L) maieit Hoping which he has put before the nation, are signs that the nation has to pay attention, because the nation has forgotten the stories taught and It is a nation that does not love its own race and ethnicity.
“You (BSF) should be ashamed instead of providing security to the residents, you are disturbing the people and peace and order,” said Lamare.
Shillong, June 21: The Hynniewtrep Traders Association (HNA) has postponed its meeting scheduled for tomorrow to the 24th of June instead of the 22nd of June. date as earlier announced.
The National People's Party (NPP) has ignored the demand for Garoland or its own state for Garo Hills despite the NPP founder Purno Agitok Sangma. God) was the messenger of this matter.
SK Lato was also sworn in as President Elect Rt.
The Asian Arm Wrestling Cup is scheduled to be held from 17-25 November 2023 at the Asian Army Wrestling Cup. The ceremony will be held in Uzbekistan.
“we should listen to the feelings of others because most of the time, these feelings of others are right.
At this meeting, the Principals expressed their concern about the inability to implement the NEP in
This means that cleanliness is necessary not only physically and physically but also spiritually and mentally.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: U Bah VGK Kynta, a senior lawyer and thinker of the jaidbynriew, on Tuesday said that the leaders of the jaidbynriew are no longer like in the past. demand that leaders take responsibility and be quick to take responsibility without hesitation.
When asked whether it is true that there is a need to complete the work quickly, the Lamphang said that no one has ever reported or complained and the Executive Engineer knows about this because he has not informed the Executive Engineer. The HPC has not appointed him as Lamphang.
For our part, we have sent a proposal to the Ministry of Fisheries of the Union Government and the same proposal to the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (MOTA)”.
Even if they manage to escape, the police will arrest them as one of them has been arrested from the place where he fled to Williamnagar, police said.
“You can’t say they didn’t play well.
Air operation continues on both sides.
Kynshi Bangla Social & Cultural Sports Club has prepared the ground and seating for the spectators as part of the preparations for the biggest football tournament in the area. tip how to play 3rd Knock-out Football Tournament 2023.
They also said that in the past years when the production of biscuits was very high, there were heavy trucks from Nongkasen to West Bengal and other states.
Prestone's remarks came after Gokhale had criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma regarding the injustice of the rule of law. Meghalaya is under the rule of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) led by the National People's Party (NPP).
Vehicles from Forest Colony to CRPF will not be allowed to go to Mawroh, vehicles from Polo will not be allowed to go to Golflink, vehicles will not be allowed to enter Velco School and vehicles will not be allowed to park there.
Last year, former Mawlai MLA Embhahlang B. Syiemlieh left the UDP with his supporters to support Bah Teibor.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that if there are any persons or groups or security forces such as the Armed Forces, Police and Fire Service and others who have such persons or groups who who have done great deeds in saving human life can apply for this award ; Jeevan Raksha Padak Series of Awards 2023' and the names of the selected winners will be sent through the password (URL: www.awards).
He said that a new EC should be formed in KHADC to work with the state government.
The foundation stone for the construction of the Inspection and Certification Center was recently laid at the MTC Workshop in Shillong.
Both these doctors, who are well trained in this field of treatment, expressed and talked about the new technologies for the treatment of patients with tuberculosis. treatment will better help patients and will also bring about a change in the way of treating this disease through these new methods.
The JSU leader has spoken to the OC of Pynursla and requested that the police department should come to the scene to curb the traffic jam.
“Before the closure of the toll gate of KHADC by the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, we have sought clarification from these toll gates last month after receiving a complaint from the KHADC. truckers' unions when it comes to collector churn," he said.
The Voice of the People (VPP) MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he does not believe that there will be any such incident. The National People's Party (NPP) has alleged that the NPP supporters are the VPP supporters who caused trouble on that day because this is a political issue and what others believe is a political issue. dirty world.
He said that even the employees of the Environment Agency have already started their three-day strike on their main demands.
He said that those who suffer from this are those who want to take a short path to reach the goal because the goal is the desire for power, wealth, victory, crimes against the in society.
Shillong, July 3: In the past few days, we have seen in the newspapers that many of the people have been deceived by the MHIS where the hospitals where they are admitted have not accepted their payments through The card that the state health department has issued to them for free treatment worth T.1.60 lakh tyngka.
More than 6,000 people have joined ISIS since the United States, according to the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Phan Nonglait, whose native village is Nonglait, now in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, fled first to Nongrem to follow her father and later to Nongrmai.
“When we see that many goods have arrived in the state by transporting or walking by road, it will affect the increase in transportation in all aspects, it will affect everyone in the society, especially The HYC said that at this time when the world has been affected by Covid 19 including Meghalaya, the Central Government and the State Government are taking more responsibility. by increasing the price of fuel through taxes.
One of the leaders of the Bhalang said that no exact information has been received about the incident as a curfew has been called by many parties and the entire West Khasi Hills.
Aiborlang Kharjahrin of Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang, Myjelson Ramsiej of Sakwang Presbyterian HSS and Baiohbor Thyrniang of Nativity Higher SSM were the winners of the 200m category. Batskhemlang Thongnirit, Wanplilynti Snaitang of Nativity Higher SSM and Vianney Thabah of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS. The winners of the 800m category for the 18-year-old boys were Vianney Thabah of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS, Nicarus Sohshang of Nativity Higher. SSM came second and Bhaboklang Lyngdoh of Maharam Government HSSM came third.
Dr.Syed Wasim Hasan, a Urologist, asked for his OT gown and performed the surgery, which under normal circumstances, should have been performed by a general surgeon.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, MDC of the Congress constituency, Langrin, today, has been arrested for not being able to explain the items that have been removed from the old KHADC building. put.
Shangpliang said that yesterday he met with the youths of the Sur ki Nong Mawlai and they received a letter to support their demand.
The meeting also discussed the Assured Minimum Facilities (AMFs) as well as the ensuring of peace and order and the deployment of CAPF personnel to remove the fear of the voters.
In the second leg, Laitlum FC beat Dream Clippers 2-0
According to the statement, the teachers said that the total amount allocated for the Arrear D.A. to 10 SDSEOs is T.9,61,78,023 tyngka. ).
G Lynrah scored in the 48th minute and D Wanshong in the 90th minute.
In a daily occurrence; violence against women, especially rape, is rampant.
Ezekiel 37:11.
Rakkam said the Ministry of Education has directed the National Testing Agency (NTA) to prepare for the CUET Entrance Test for Meghalaya students. .
These villages for decades have been living in the difficulty of walking from their villages to Sahsniang PHC for treatment.
The Feast of Tabernacles will be celebrated after the Last Month.
Police have seized the vehicle, which is suspected to be carrying drugs, and have conducted a search operation and recovered 74 bottles of soap. Heroin worth T.4.8 crore.
Bah Sumarlang also requested the people of Mawphlang to honor Samla Eugenson so that his victory will be not only a victory for Mawphlang but for the nation as a whole.
A spokesman for the Taliban government in Afghanistan says a massive bomb explosion in Khan Abad district of Bandar in Kunduz province has killed several Taliban fighters. Zabihullah Muhajid said that the victims were killed in the incident.
Active participation in singing, quiz, and drawing competitions was also witnessed.
At the same time, MLAs should not underestimate the power of the people even if the election is over because the power of the people is not over.
Dr. Khan Payungphan of Phuket Rajabhat University, Thailand, has discussed the signs of ships on the coasts of western Thailand.
The marathon is also part of the training to educate the youth to avoid alcoholic beverages especially drugs.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, former President of Mawryngkneng Circle and Secretary of Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong.
“If I don't get a ticket, I can just support, and if I get a ticket, Bah Bantei should also support me to win,” said Dr Khongjee.
The Khasi believe that they are the children of God.
He spoke to people who didn't know science.
Both of these arguments are true even if they contradict each other.
Sethi said the people of the country want the Pakistan team to play matches against India according to the rules.
On the other hand, the union said that according to the announcement of the bank, it is clear that the applicants must be able to speak and write in Khasi and Garo, but according to the list of names received from the bank. It was found that many of those who get the job, especially the Officers Scale 1, are from other states and do not speak Khasi and Garo.
According to the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India, Meghalaya has a revenue of Rs 11,533 crore till
Therefore, let us ask ourselves while there is still time, “Are we also blind?” John 9:40-4
Similarly, Coco Gauff, who came second in the tournament last year, has been able to fight hard until she lost. Barbora Krejcikova lost 6-2, 6-4 in the first round to Spain's Rebecca Masarova 3-6, 6-1, 6-2 Ukraine by Lesia Tsurenko.
“He also criticized the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Tongkhar, for saying that instead of clarifying this allegation, he has delayed in giving the true reasons for this allegation.
He also suggested that the police department should hold special meetings with their respective villages to regulate the traffic.
The Chief Minister left Serchhip for Champhai, another constituency, which he is contesting this time.
Sarma wrote on Twitter this morning that this is the second case of Covid-19 in 24 hours, one from Dimapur and the other from Dimapur. you have Dhubri.
The Seng also demands that the government should create a proper Lay Bay Market at Amlarem, the center of the sub division, to assist the farmers and local workers to import jhur. They have produced jhep and jhep because it is difficult to sell them to the market where they will be affected by the cold rain and the jhep and jhep will be destroyed if there is not enough space. that ban die.
Sun Secretary, Nongstoin Tourist Maxi Cab Drivers & Owners Association, said that many of the owners and drivers of commercial vehicles in the area, have been providing services to the people of the area since 20 years ago. At a time when the road was still very bad and those who continue to do so until now, with the advent of a good two lane road and the income of these buses, it has discouraged especially the those unemployed youths who are trying to stand on their own feet by taking a bank loan to buy their own vehicles.
Of course, as Indian citizens we can trade throughout India according to the laws and regulations laid down in different states but we must not be residents of outside the state or states. home state.
Khrawbok Snaitang, President of the HNYF, said that like Spility Lyngdoh Langrin and Hopingstone Lyngdoh, they have fought against the Indian government through the UCIL company. They wanted to mine uranium in Khasi Hills in the past, but they knew that if they mined uranium it would be a great danger because it contains a terrible poison and it will not be used. It affects many living things, especially humans.
Firstboy Rymbai scored the first goal for Pamrapaithlu in the 57th minute.
Shillong:The KJP Assembly urges and invites all the members of the KJP Assembly and others to join in the special prayer service in their homes for the sake of the country. the country and the state in the midst of this pandemic (covid 19).
The union also asked whether the contentment is not available to the people who live in this area, because if they live in the state, the contentment is not even 10 inches away. ju allowed the snow to fall.
It is a very tasty tree to eat.
The State Government will issue new rules on taxes on commercial vehicles including a new system of commercial vehicles.
“The NCP has not received its share and has no right to be criticized by the people,” he said.
The deceased were identified as Yeangthin R Marak, Sngewlemmi Kharsati, Tony Peter Kharbithai, Dilip Dohkrud, Roy Symbli, Tapo A Marak, Naresh Koch, Kitbok Kassar, Dapahlan Salanki Rupon, Yonder Mawleiñ and Nalchand. Ali and M Sangma.
In fact, this union was formed on 30th June 2022 and the slogan of this union is “We are born to live and to serve", which means we were born to live and serve.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The KSU Nongthymmai Circle has been surprised by the recent arrest and escape by the law enforcement agencies of foreigners who show their power despite having power.
In the past few days, some parents have been very difficult to stand in line in front of the PGT College since midnight because they have lost their admission form to get a place there.
to Israel.
Now, the residents are suffering from the disease, they are suffering from the closure of their livelihood and they are waiting for the famine.
There are many allegations but, among other allegations, the most common allegations are that during his tenure as MLA, Minister and Chief Minister, the Nongpoh Constituency and Ri Bhoi as a whole has not grown anywhere. only a few parts of GS Road.
These items were welcomed by Babu Khonglah who is the in-charge of NEIMA Shelter Home which cares for children.
This is ongoing and the project to build the Mawthir-Kyrshai road is also ongoing.
As it has become clear through these handicrafts of Bah Gilbil Syngkli, he has a special ability to make various kinds of animals to shape accurately and his ability to give according to the colors and shapes. The behavior of animals has helped him to support his family by selling them to people just to support himself.
After a thorough discussion with the Engineer and the SDO of the PHE Executive Department, they promised to try to find ways and means on how to build drinking water sources for the to bring peace and stability to the people of the area in relation to this problem which they face from time to time.
Health Benefits of Pathaw Pathaw is known to be a vegetable rich in vitamins, minerals, fatty acids, and fibre.
It is the responsibility of everyone to keep themselves and their surroundings clean and healthy and free from all kinds of diseases.
A total of 15 people were taken into custody by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Saturday after conducting raids at 41 places in Maharashtra and Karnataka in connection with the incident. investigation into the involvement of Islamic State militants.
The case from Maharashtra is a woman, while the case from Goa is a man and they are from East Khasi Hills.
Police have recovered 245 AK rounds and 45 books of demand letters from the GNLA. After returning from the scene, there was a shootout between the GNLA and the GNLA. Police Station in Darimgre under Williamnagar Police Station, where the militants opened fire on the police, no casualties were reported.
She said that the police's statement is like inciting the HNLC to commit acts of killing or kidnapping. If the HNLC starts, it will not release any rich people or politicians. Sainkupar said that the police have set fire to the party.
Even the countries of the world have praised the Khasi people for giving birth to women because they have died or released San shyieng and their husbands are happy because even the countries of the world have given birth to children. The father of the deceased husband suffered greatly or they released San shyieng. The children even went to the jait makna Sha u Shynrang but when they died, the mother had to take care of the children. cousin.
General Secretary: Romistar Lamare 5.
During the years when (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy was alive, I saw in the newspapers and I heard from here and there that Sohra will soon become a new district.
She said that there is no problem in the marketing of this product but through the agreement with the State Marketing Board, it will be possible to market this product properly.
Swarneem Gurung scored the first goal for Sikkim in the 66th minute.
Some of these have had a greater impact on the transformation of scientific activities in India and all of them are important.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that as students, besides focusing on education, they should also focus on sports in any field. of the game.
In July 2022, Assam received 669 mm of rainfall while Meghalaya received 1,493 mm of rainfall.
According to the Director of NEIGRIHMS, this is because the caregivers of covid patients are going up and down to prevent this. If this amount is exceeded, the hospital will refund it.
In this time of unemployment, he urged the parents to teach and allow their children to take up agriculture as one of the jobs where they can stand on their own feet without expecting or relying only on government jobs.
They have ended up in stealing and giving money along with deceiving and misleading the people.
The minister will be admitted to Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon, near Delhi.
Nongpoh, March 26: The political situation in the past has changed a lot and many changes have taken place compared to today. Their proposal is on the basis that they are willing to serve the people to become participants in the public administration, to become leaders and legislators in the Legislative Assembly of the State. In the past, candidates used to come to appeal to the people and the election campaign was usually held on market days, because in the past, the candidates could not reach every village and the people listened to them. based on the positions of the candidates who wish to contest the elections.
After the prophet Micah, there will be no prophet to say – Thus says the Lord. Why? Because the time came for God's four hundred years of silence to prepare His Son to come to earth.
Pamtadong village in Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District, which is only 3 or 4 kilometers away from Amlarem, has been living in darkness for more than 7-8 years due to the inability of MeECL to install a transformer to distribute electricity.
Farmers can get up to T.3 lakh tyngka at the rate of T.9 tyngka but the Central Government will help pay T.5 tyngka and the owners will have to pay only T.4 tyngka out of T. amount.
“All the items seized have been handed over to the Gumaghat Out-post,” the source said.
Therefore, the Seng has taken a firm decision to immediately close down the MePDCL office if it fails to supply electricity to the village within a day, said a statement issued by Bah Shlur Mukhim. President and Assistant Secretary of FKJGP War Jaintia Circle.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 Government has set up a new committee of all political parties in the state to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster (RR) and Reservation Policy (RP) of the State.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 3,5
Although it is a short Act with only 31 provisions and is not easy to understand, some PIOs, when people come to ask for information, first look for the provisions of the Act on how to hide and provide information. instead of always giving information openly and without confidentiality.
Furthermore, all should join hands to arrest those who supply drugs to youth or to drunkards and hand them over to the law for punishment.
He calls us His followers after His ascension to go to earth to preach the Gospel of hope to all mankind and to follow this Mission.
For that reason, those people are afraid of Hinduism.
This will be the XIII election of the party.
She scored 472 marks and 100 out of 100 marks in Mathematics and Accountancy.
Shillong: The Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal, on Tuesday said that although the target is to complete the project by July, it will not be completed by the end of July. bridge repairs could be completed in January this year.
If there is not enough thinking in the heads of the designers, New Shillong will be just a name, but will fall into the same trap as Shillong.
Rising Star won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 180 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
BJP President Shibun said that in the new formation to strengthen the party in Garo Hills, the party has appointed Rakesh Marak for East Garo Hills and Pesath Sangma for West Garo Hills. Hills, Dillash Marak for Tura City District, Paul R Marak for North Garo Hills and Ananda Koch for South West Garo Hills.
This was announced by the Chief Post Master General of North East Circle, Subrat Das while speaking to reporters on Tuesday at the office of the Ïing Dak. The National Postal Week will be held from 9th to 13th March.
Pringchang N Sangma won the bronze medal in the men's High Jump, Under20 category with a height clearance of 1.80M while Anrisha Klein won the bronze medal in the High Jump. , Under18, the height she has reached is 1.50M (New Personal Best).
It was also decided to meet with the Minister of State in charge of District Council Affairs to discuss the same issue.
In terms of pesticides, there are pesticides related to the pest of rice, the pest of trees, Kwai, Pathi, the pest of soh, ralam and other types of pests. the plants.
Police also recovered two mobile phones and two SIM cards from the arrested persons.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City today demanded that the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) should include the Khasi fighters in the list of freedom fighters of the country in the Class XI curriculum. Sngap Sing Syiem, Monbhut and Phan Nonglait today met with the Academic Officer of MBoSE to send for the inclusion of Sngap Sing Syiem, Monbhut and Phan Nonglait in the list of independent players in the Social Studies book of Class XI. At the same time, the party demands that the names of Mukul Sangma, DD Lapang and Patricia Mukhim should be removed from the list of leaders of the party and should be included by others like Rev JJ Nicholas Roy, Hoping Stone, GG Swell, Dr Helen Giri, Split Lyngdoh, Bull Lyngdoh, Prof David Syiemlieh, Prof B Pakem, Justice B Lamare and Soso Tham as the heroes of the state.
He said that in the new country, there will be yoga education, human rights education, free accommodation, free food and drink and everything else. various requirements, can be obtained in this country.
The Chief Minister announced this after the Cabinet meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, Erwin, Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JACBoM), said that in 2011, the MUA government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma had abandoned the border issue. The MDA government, without any thorough investigation, has resolved the border dispute in the four disputed areas. Six seats have been allocated in the first phase which has already been signed.
Prestone also congratulated the new committee under the leadership of Rishan Rapsang for preparing well for the upcoming elections.
Until now, the Presbyterian Church in Ri Hynniewtrep has been holding these night and New Year services.
Regarding the damage to government and police vehicles, the police have arrested the president of the North Cachar Hills Indigenous Students' Forum (NCHISF) David Keivom for further investigation.
Last July, it was believed that in this month alone, the insurgents had seized 700 vehicles and these vehicles would strengthen them to overthrow the government in the country. the country, after the 2001 US invasion of the country.
During his tenure as Home Minister, he included in the pla the border.
The Central Body of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has decided to stage a protest in front of the office. NIOS Shillong (Dharna) is located at the office of the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) Shillong.
Khoslau said meetings would be held regularly between the two states to bring about closer and understanding relations.
The team posted a target of 171 runs before all 10 wickets were lost.
People have moved to more remote places because the city has become too crowded.
The reason is that the companies are run by people who have studied management and who have a good knowledge of how to manage the business and supervise the employees.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) on Saturday decided to give until 30th June, 2024 to the State Government to implement their demands. to increase the deficit status of all Adhoc schools including teachers in LP, Secondary and Higher Secondary, as well as to implement 5% Annual Increment and to increase the Cess Tax from 3 % to 10%.
This method will result in a soft and shiny hair especially for those who have thick hair.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the by-election in South Tura is not an election like others, but a prime ministerial election.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday directed the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to work together to fight against illegal activities related to coal.
The Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that his decision on the Chairperson of the MSCW, Phidalia Toi, is because she has not taken part in about 12 meetings. necessary meetings of the Commission in addition to its involvement in election campaigns.
For the Fitness Run, 25 women from each Block of the District will take part in the Half Kilometer Run.
“To reduce the congestion at Anjali petrol pump, a bye pass will be issued and the allocation of funds will be issued soon and the Government wants to improve the city,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Regarding the appointment of special officers, they have been appointed on contract for three months and have been appointed again depending on their performance. therefore, due to the urgency of the work, a special officer was contracted.
He said that the government should no longer sign social contracts with foreign companies because they do not understand the working methods and the problems faced by the people are only the villagers who understand and know how to meet the needs of the people. they.
“What we want to do by holding this Review Meeting in each district, is to reduce the burden of these problems which come directly to the capital of the state,” said Bah. Himalayas.
Besides Jonathone, four others who were in the vehicle were seriously injured.
Regarding the application submitted by the school authorities for the start of the Science Stream for Class XI and XII, Prestone announced that the state government will provide support by T.20 lakh. The School to start the Science Stream for the benefit of the students of this area.
It is not for us to say or do anything that will lead to that limit.
Thulam Saravanan said that political parties used to offer heaven, but when they won, they threw the people to the lawarding.
In another incident, KSU members burnt down the tyngshop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in Nongstoin and Nongpoh. Shillong: The Saiñdur Tipkur-Tipkha Īeng Ehrngiew Hynniewtrep (STIEH) has expressed its gratitude to God for delivering the small nation from slavery in its own country through The NDA government's intention to amend the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 to the Constitution of India.
(Gen.4:16,17).3) The tragic events that God brought:- When the world was filled with sin, God brought a flood in the days of Noah (Gen. 7 – 8 chapters).
Therefore, the CoRP urges the authorities whether it is the company or the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to immediately repair the bad places to avoid any tragic incident and the people can be safe. you're looking for you.
Darang Village, which is adjacent to the village centre, has a beautiful location and with the initiative of former DC, Arun Kumar Kembhavi and also with the hard work of the youth of the village through the authority of the Dornar Shnong, Darang was established. Tlang Tamasa: Tlang Tamasa: Tlang Tamasa was held yesterday at the village. which is also known as the Winter Tourism Fest.
The KSU also expressed its surprise that the school has not had a teacher in Chemistry since last October and this has caused a lot of problems to the students of the school.
Health is a great wealth and we must also take care of the environment.
If this happens at any time, Conrad Kongal Sangma and his government must take responsibility, because it is he who has acted by force and signed the soskular blindly, without proper consultation. from the rulers of the Nonglang Sirdarship, the rulers of these villages and the people.
“Even the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has no problem in working together for the sake of the people.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Police Officers of Ri Bhoi District, Bah C Syrti, Bah VDS Rymbai, DSP Headquarters, Bah O Rynjah, DSP Traffic, Bah PS Marwein O/C. Nongpoh Police Station and other police officers.
The candidates were elected by an election in which two candidates from each Primary Unit were allowed to vote.
The Forum will stand by and stand by the residents who are facing this problem.
Tract : The light is the light that is shining lynter.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today closed down the house of U S Khasi Hills District due to the presence of positive cases of Covid-1 HS Sohliya and the house of Miranda Myrthong near Laban Sports Club, Shillong.
We must forget the prejudice against each other and not criticize or even praise just for our own sake.
“Meat is a physical substance that attracts all creatures to eat it and if it is not cared for properly in the right place, it can spoil,” he said.
The parents of the students also visited the school and found that the toilet is dirty and unclean, the water is not enough, the library rooms have been used for classes. I'm not sure if I'm going to this school.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the police have received information about the incident and have been on high alert. good for their faith.
They have turned the election into a business.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The State Government has registered only 13,331 foreign workers in the state, and this is only at the end of October,
After no goal was scored even after 90 minutes and extra time, it was taken to the tie-breaker, where Kuwait lost in the first half but lost. Udanta's goal also encouraged Kuwait and at the end of five minutes, they scored four goals each.
I would like to urge and request the teachers that before they send their children to such screenings or tournaments, they should screen well before leaving school”.
Not only that, but it was also said that the textbooks of the children have also been destroyed and there has been a lot of trouble, as some of the children are still starting their examinations from today.
G20 countries must take further critical action to overcome the health and welfare challenges faced by mothers, children and adolescents.
They were taken to Gauhati Medical College (GMC) by 108 accompanied by police from Byrnihat Police Station.
During the examination, two hand grenades were recovered from him, and he was immediately taken for questioning," a police statement said.
He said that according to the law, it is understood that the state government is strongly against the district council, and according to Bah Ardent, the bye-laws of the district council in the construction of houses, will not be changed at all.
In 1992, the government banned the party and a year later it revived.
“Don't judge others _ _ _ you have been deceived – judge others to be honored”.
Shillong, Jymmang 12 : The General Secretary of the BJP Mahila Block, Mawsynram, Kong Aidain Dkhar on Saturday announced that she has resigned from the post of BJP Mahila Block. As the leading leader of the BJP, Kong Aidalin said that the main reason is because she is not happy to be in the party.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Six children aged 15-18 years old have been shot dead by six other children identified as Mohsin Ansari (20), Shashi Ghosh (19). ), Basu Sewa (19), Asif Sheikh (20) and two other 17-year-olds.
Although the North East Games 2022 will open on the 10th of November, the football tournament will start on the 7th of November, said Philarima Hynniewta, manager.
The rngiew and the rwiang are no longer strong when they try to feed in the houses of the people.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Ministers Samlin Malngiang and Metbah Lyngdoh and others attended the ceremony.
Don't allow this bill to be passed.
He first attended the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Regional Labor Institute (RLI) at Rynjah on the 6th of this month. HDR Lyngdoh, the head of the state.
On the other hand, the JSU and Samran S.Syiem strongly opposed the government's decision and said that the government should cancel the festival completely due to the spread of CoronaVirus in the country. around the world and even in India.
The President of the MPMC in a recent meeting condemned the rape cases in the state.
These Zones are responsible for their respective Elaka of Jaintia Hills.
The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has also taken steps to resolve the boundary by signing an agreement to resolve six seats first and plans to resolve six more seats in the next session. the second compromise.
The captain of the national team announced the decision through a photograph posted on social media.
Therefore, in this regard, due to the large number of Kur Dkhars in East Jaintia Hills District, the Seng requests the students and youth of the Kur Dkhars in East Jaintia Hills District, if there are any If you have reached the goal of both these winnings, please send your required documents, which have been attested, such as Marksheets (For children school), Certificates, Residential Certificates, and any other documents or announcements issued by the authorities in charge of such Winnings, as proof of such passes or their success.
The beauty pageant will be held on the 9th November 2023 and before that there will be a preliminary selection on the 12th November 2023 at the Youth Hostel Shillong.
Speaking to media, ECC Legal Adviser Reading War said the ECC has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and also to the Meghalaya department. The State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has urged the State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) to issue an order to close down and demolish the 29 coal mining factories operating in the Sutnga District.
The students have sent a complaint to the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) and the commission has summoned the Registrar of Delhi University. this is your question.
Kong Lyngdoh said that the government has ignored the agenda because those who work in this field are less educated but it is a heavy job and requires dedication and enthusiasm to serve the children.
She added that the MGNREGA scheme has been successful in East Jaintia Hills District and praised the initiatives of the department.
Salary:- AS per NHM Meghalaya norms.
Another Congress MLA, who strongly supports Dr Mukul Sangma, said that if the leadership continues, the party will face problems in the 2018 elections.
" “The council cannot fix the boundary, but it can confirm the land titles if people come, but the sad thing is that the border villages themselves are not responsible for the deaths of the people. Thombor said in the Dorbar that the absence of the leaders from Assam may mean that if they get recognition from Assam they get the payment to become Goanbura, while in the council they don't. something and this may be one reason.
I'm going to Manipur.
Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA and Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh, MDC and EM of KHADC and Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General of KHADC, have appeared for the post of President. The UDP will hold the election of the new president and office bearers for the 2019-2022 term on the 11th of November.
“Four of them were arrested from Mumbai, while one was arrested from Nalasopara,” the government said. organic chemistry and uses his knowledge to make drugs.
The meeting was held at the DC's office in the presence of Bah W. Lyngdoh, State Secretary, AP Syiem, District Chief Education Officer and District Chief Commissioner. Vice President of MBGS, WJHD who conducted the meeting in the presence of former members.
A 6.1-magnitude earthquake struck the Pakistani border, severely affecting houses that had just been built.
Dr Sunita Khongwir, HoD, Shillong Commerce College, also spoke on the occasion.
The Ordinance has empowered Rangbah Shnongs to issue NOCs and issue certificates related to development.
It is a commonly used word in these two languages, Aramaic and Hebrew and means 'Father'
Academy SC. Lumparing SC and Maw U-Tieng SC scored 1 goal each.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on Tuesday at Diengpasoh.
The actor has earned the title 'U Pa Stad' and has acted in many Pnar films.
Dhar was accompanied by the Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS in the presence of Bah Khroobok Passah, District Sport Officer, Bah EMH. Passah, Working President of the West Jaintia District Sport Association (WJDSA), Bah Patrick Lamare Vice President, Lamat Oo Laloo, General Secretary and other members of the Association.
In another match, West Khasi Hills beat Tura by 65 runs. Rang Kynsai of this match was Aibanjop Nongsiang who scored 56 runs. Abirim K Marak scored 3/35 in 20 overs.
These runners include locals and foreigners and seven from other countries.
Chasing the target, Matrisangha struggled to tied and scored only 142 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19.3 overs.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has strongly condemned the attack on the government weighbridge at 13Mer, Ri Bhoi District. The reason for the incident was due to the involvement of Dalals and vehicle owners from Meghalaya and Assam, who used to smuggle coal trucks beyond the border from the bridge.
"It's been revealed again I Niakha" I don't know how Niakha should be like that... I'm thinking sorry for Rida, my son, just for my sake, I've lost even the blessings that my father has led me. and prepared in advance.
The youth of the country will continue to be inspired by the life of Subhash Chandra Bose.
In Raid Marwet, the number of children was increased.
The HYC also visited the village to inspect the PMGSY road which has been raided by the Assam police in the past few days while the construction of the road is ongoing. The Seng's visit to the area was also to meet with the people and village leaders of the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today alleged that the NPP has built its office without permission from MUDA. NOC from MUDA for the construction of my office.
The Dorbar Shnong, the residents and the members of the Dorbar Shnong have expressed their desire for a clear letter from the company not to promise to stop. The officials of Dalmia Company have to accept the demand, in which they have sent a letter stating that the company has decided to stop the import of garbage inside the cement plant and The Unit Head of Dalmia Company, CP Tiwari, has promised to stop those vehicles that are still on the road.
Dutta complained that the minister went to a public meeting to campaign for elections without following the COVID-19 rules and complained that Hazarika did not wear a mask. also away from other people.
This year there will be more than 10,000 athletes participating in various sports and Goa looks forward to the cooperation of the states to make the National Games a memorable one. not only for the state but for the whole of India.
At the same time, he urged all his colleagues to support Bah MD Syiem so that he can be brought to the goal of victory.
The tournament will continue on the 2nd of July when Meghalaya Police FT will face Mylliem SC at 2 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The people of Shillong, Jymmang 26: The President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, have demanded that the Government should convene a Dorbar. Specially to discuss the State Reservation Policy, on Thursday they visited the residences of UDP and NPP MLAs across the Khasi Hills.
Phoida Shylla is a make up artist and costume designer.
Expressing his gratitude to all the Members who have shown faith and trust in him for the second time, Timothy promised to ensure the protection of the State Assembly.
This too is allowed by law, but there is a limit to how much and how parties and candidates can use the money.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 09: Ka Seng Khasi, which is one of the traditional religions of the Khasi people, which still holds the customs and traditions of the past, which is also a symbol of the the nature and uniqueness of the nation within the land of Hynniewtrep.
The owner, Aslup Khan, said that his goat had gone missing from the house and he and the villagers went looking for it, but at 11 pm he said he heard a noise. When he went to look, he found that 3 people had robbed his goat. He said that there were also 4 goats that had gone missing.
The union also requests all truck drivers not to put stones on the road when the vehicle is lost on the road but to use wood or nar jam.
Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who came to the meeting to release the book that Bindo has translated the 6th Schedule into Khasi, said that in fact it is the responsibility of the District Council. He congratulated Bah Bindo for taking this great responsibility to contribute to the nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Dak Laban Market, one of the oldest markets in Shillong, which dates back to the time of the British, will be renovated and renovated by building a Commercial Building at a cost of 14,0 27,00,000 through the North Eastern Council (NEC) and the foundation stone of the building was laid by the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary and Laban MLA, Bah Sanbor Shullai.
He also thanked the people who have supported him and the films he has acted in from time to time and on his part, he said that when he sees the people who He is filled with joy and gratitude to the Khasi people who have supported him and when he sees the support of the people he is encouraged to continue working hard to improve his skills in filmmaking so that he can to entertain and enjoy the people of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21 : John Leslee K Sangma, one of the BJP leaders and former MLA from South Tura constituency, today announced that he will contest again from this constituency in the 2023 MLA elections.
Diengpasoh is 80 percent raid land and about 20 percent is private land.
The annual festival was organized by the Raliang Elaka Arts and Culture Organization and farmers from all over the Elaka along with some of the cows selected from outside the Elaka attended the festival. to bring their candidate cows to fight and to show the strength of their cows which have been raised and cared for all the time.
However, many of the supporters and encouragers of Bah Charles on receiving information about the incident, many of them came to donate and provide assistance. One of these donors is the Department of Horticulture and Krishi VigyanKendra. Those who donated to the Society with a new Poly House also donated flower beds and orchids.
Many farmers do not own their own land and buy it from the land owners at a low price which affects them a lot.
This is the hidden agenda of the BJP in Meghalaya.
It is a pleasure to hear from the intellectuals who have been very concerned about how to preserve their own language, and have worked hard to distribute it. However, in the midst of the busy schedule, it is sad to say that many of them don't speak their own language at all.
Manager Administration Star Cement in the presence of Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Rambrai Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope, Narpuh MDC Ma Emlangky Lamare who is also the Local Director Star Cement and Incharge DC East Jaintia. SS Syiemlieh, SP East Jaintia Hills Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS and others.
Speaking on the rainfall harvesting, the Minister said that it is his personal opinion that the people should try it in their own homes as it will help them.
Meanwhile, in Meghalaya, a small state, there is no problem in implementing development projects but the problem is because the rulers don't know except their own land.
One of the soldiers said, “The mothers are shocked because they have been shot and bombed by the Taliban and they shout 'take care of my child' and throw their children to where we are.
As soon as we walk closer to these places, we find all kinds of problems.
The HYC-EJH and JYF-EJH said that the women have lost heart when the police who are the full implementers of the law have not arrested the robbers who dared to commit such crimes. and take away your life.
He said that the project aims to train the youth of the village in the field of music and other activities.
On the same morning, NIA teams raided about 50 places which were learned to be under the control of Lawrence Bishnoi and Arshdeep Dalla. Police have also seized a large quantity of firearms and property of these gangs and insurgents from these areas.
Khongwir said the Rangbah Shnongs want to know what is the relationship between MeECL and MUDA when they know that there is no relationship but they have to get permission from MUDA to install electricity. There is no TMCP 1973 Act which states that MUDA does not own the land under the District Council.
The Anthropological Survey of India, Shillong took part in the program in terms of anthropometric measurements such as height (cm) & weight (kg) by comparing it with Body Mass Index (BMI) for approximately 100 participants including both men and women.
The cause of the incident was due to a power outage and the damage was estimated at T.18 lakh, but fortunately no casualties were reported. injury or traumatic event.
A brief speech was given on the importance of trees, the benefits in protecting, cleaning and beautifying the villages and the environment by the Waheh Shnong.
Police have recovered the body of Pynkhreh Surong led by the brother of I Love You, Meban Talang from Pommura village near the highway in the forest area under Mawryngkneng Police Station. .
Let us think carefully where our nation or state will go if we allow such a white color to turn into a handkerchief.
There is a Khasi youth who does not want to be named, who wrote on his facebook against the Meghalaya government on the government's plan to bring in foreign workers.
The Government acknowledges that these festivals attract a lot of tourists from all over the country and even abroad.
She is admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital and had to be tested again for three days after her third and fourth tests showed that she was still positive for Covid-1 -19.
Shillong: Members of the Mawthadraishan Circle today visited Kynshi to check the labor license of foreigners working to build a petrol pump in Kynshi.
Two sets of jerseys, one for home matches in blue and one for away matches in stem, were released.
BJP MLA from South Shillong, Sanbor Shullai on 29th June, said that it will not benefit the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and they will send candidates of other political parties as Members of Parliament. MP) from Shillong seat because the BJP will return to power in the central government.
Indeed, we should congratulate the Prime Minister, Narendra Modiuba for taking wonderful decisions in the past 9 years and these decisions have paved the way for India to move forward in various fields. and because of these, as it were, the USA, which started space-related activities years before India, is now looking to India as an equal partner for they claim it still does.
From these documents, it was seen that there was a name of a pharmaceutical distributor known as 'Shivalik Pharma & Surgicals' which was written as a contractor distributing pharmaceuticals. The shop is located near the MTC on Jail Road Byelane.
The Home Commissioner of Mizoram, H Lalengmawia, said that this is an announcement from the CM.
Most of the products used for tyrsim contain chemicals or pesticides that can lead to various diseases if overused.
“If the government cannot solve only the smallest problem, I doubt it will be able to do other things,” said Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh.
Chauhnuna, Additional Deputy Commissioner, told PTI that the Chief Minister had planned to file his nomination papers today at the polling station but had to cancel due to the situation. peacefully, it is not at all good.
Surjewala said the money was seized at 10.30 pm on Tuesday from the vehicle of Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of the state. vehicle with the number plates of the two vehicles carrying the money.
The President of Columbia, Gustavo Petro, said that the news is a joy for the entire country because of the survival of these children in the tragic incident. it's going to fall wrong when it's not supposed to go down.
(This article is taken from a paper I presented at a Face to Face program held at Pacific Theological College, Suva Fiji in 2004).
The voters of Garo Hills will elect the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma or the Congress candidate Dikkanchi Shira.
You know, that friend of mine, whom I don't want to mention, has been in class-X for a few years.
“If the government takes action, these athletes can also be trained in world-renowned training centers which is a blessing to these youths after being selected by the famous Olympic athlete of Australia,” said Bah Kharshiing. He added that through this programme, sports activities in the state will be promoted.
Noting that the Government should use its powers as well as its shabuk, Marngar said that this place has caused congestion, uncleanliness, various evils and especially the There is no peace even for the Khasi who walk and stand in this area.
During the curfew, these refugees of the area expressed their concern to the organization regarding the lack of food and drink as they don't have enough money to buy food.
He said that the state government has banned the Christmas Carol parade by private individuals who perform Christmas Carol parade by two wheelers in vehicles from one village to another without any permission. any information or responsibility from the respective Church.
Manhok Suchiang scored 13 goals, Pyniaidmiki Tang 31, 51 and Precious Tang 67, 80+2
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The absence of the Opposition MLAs in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly has raised doubts because as People's Leaders, their duty is to convey the voice of the people. inside the Legislative Assembly.
The prizes were distributed by former Mylliem MLA Bah Hamletson Dohling in the presence of KSU Nongthliew Circle office bearers and others.
(6) Fire came down from God from heaven and devoured those sinners.
Investigation revealed that the head and parts of the tree, the shynrong of the head were broken and painful.
The Rotary Club Jowai, which has celebrated its 28th anniversary in Jowai, on Saturday elected its new office bearers for the term 2023-2
In the second half, Ecaudor opened the scoring through Moises Caicedo in the 67th minute but Senegal turned the tide within three minutes through Kalidou Koulibaly.
He said the NGT has urged the Meghalaya government to prepare a Mining Plan with environmental protections even if it is to mine coal and oil.
“Charles has forgotten that even when he was Speaker, Adolf Lu Hitler, MLA of the NCP, who was suspended, but his suspension was lifted only after a while. “I don't know why,” said the MPYC, adding that Bah Pyngrope is doing this to confuse the people.
The meeting also decided to work with the minority communities to bring peace and stability and to protect the identity of all communities as well as their cultures.
And the sixth scheduled should continue, we don't accept to abolish it.
Emphasizing on malnutrition, she explained that the body needs adequate and healthy foods containing vitamins, minerals and others which can prevent many diseases.
Who is this that dares to do so much? Who is this that cometh to destroy the power of the rulers, the judges? This prompted Caiaphas, the high priest, to speak harshly to the crowd, “...it is better for you that one man should die...than that the whole nation should perish”.
Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla has urged the people of Sutnga Saipung Constituency to support Ampareen Lyngdoh. Ampareen will condemn Vincent Pala of the Congress party and said that she will also speak on the issues of mothers because she is a very different mother, who takes responsibility. quick to take action when there is a problem.
The UDP has sent its special greetings to all the voters of Shella Constituency, who have also joined several villages from War Nongshken and Sohra Constituency, for giving a satisfactory answer. jrut, which is a sign of hope for the nation in many ways, as requested by the UDP leaders throughout the meetings.
However, while the talks were going on and the search for land was going on, the tragic incident of Covid-19 came and locked down.
In the second innings Lerry again bowled well with 36 runs including two 4s and two 6s.
The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival will be the most popular festival at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore.
Caramai Khakongor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, SWKHD, Mawkyrwat, who was the chief guest, said that the presence of HDFC Bank is a blessing to the people of the area.
Conrad said that with this change, the state will earn about T.40-50 crore per annum.
Is there any employment opportunity for the low income in this State, without mentioning the disabled as there is no law?
Bah Renikton said that this tournament is also one of the ways to get to know each other among the players so that they can have a closer relationship and be united so that the sports industry in Mawkyrwat will grow.
Later, there was a demand for the immediate removal of the Rangbah Shnong who has been in office for about 10 years.
At present, as soon as the road to the village has been entered, there have been many changes as the roads, streets and roads have been renovated and improved.
The biggest challenge facing the environment is how to protect the environment and this is one of the areas of protection. this is one of the ways to protect yourself.
Mawkyrwat, March 30: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) Hills District, the coaches conducted a cleaning drive along the highway at Mawkyrwat market.
I want to tell you why the govt departments in meghalaya don't advertise the vacancies when many of them have retired for many years. to investigate or file R.T.I so that all these will be exposed to the public so that those who have passed and who are eligible can get jobs.
Farmers who cultivate on the land of others must have a clear written notice from the owner or land owners that they are foreign farmers.
We find that the Laloo, Pyrbot (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Amkoi, Amdep, Pohlynjar, Pohrmen, Pohsnem, Rymbui (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Then the Marngar, Marong Pariong, Diengdoh and other kurs whose ancestry is from the Shibedi clan. know them according to their language (Pnar, War, Khynriam or Bhoi).
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 210 new cases have been confirmed and 2313 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
This is especially true in the state's support for women who are self-employed.
Not only that, the President also expressed his words regarding the youth of the Khasi Seng to be prepared for the purpose of fighting and also to release the sai khum sai teh who are involved in such situations. The Jaidbynriew needs to work together with the Seng Kmie and also lead the Seng Samla of various branches of the Khasi Seng before taking any steps that will not work whether it is in relation to the Seng Kmie. government or other agencies as well.
Ernest gave an example of the recent Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha elections where the Samajwadi Party (SP) announced such promises such as providing electricity.
Shillong: There have been 57 new cases of corona virus in the state today, including 33 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in the army and 31 cases in the civilian population.
The Rangbah Shnongs urged the Officers of the two departments who visited the area to remind the government of their visit to the area, so that it can strive to create opportunities for the development of income and livelihood of the people.
He said there was a plan to make Shillong a famous airport like Guwahati as on record, the number of visitors to the state and users by air has been about lakh last year.
He also informed that vehicles will be allowed to pass through the bridge in a zigzag manner.
The Bible teaches that we should not allow secular authorities to make laws that oppress others, that we should not allow secular authorities or those in power to attack and destroy the land and the people. property from the residents.
The best governance is through the delegation of powers in all aspects and through the transformation of Tura into the capital of Meghalaya will bring many benefits to the entire Garo Hills.
He also expressed his gratitude to the CEM of KHADC Bah Teinwell Dkhar who promised to set up a committee within the KHADC to direct the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies. to be witnesses to the arrest of drug traffickers or users in the villages.
Those who submit after the 25th, we can no longer accept your request.
Besides, he said that this government has only imposed a ban and there is no training because all the mineral resources have been banned, but there has been no training because if they are trained if they don't comply they will be punished.
Now we have to take part in the Regional Level, which is a sports tournament for JNV schools from different places, but how sad we are, that we have to compete in this tournament without any preparation only because there is no sufficient ground.
H. Bareh also acknowledged that the Amwi language is closer to Monkhmer than standardized Khasi and that it is a link between Khasi and Monkhmer.
After Gracefully went to live with her husband in Mawdumdum in November 2015, she returned to her village, because she was ill and went to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. His wife urged her to go back to Mawdumdum but she did not go anymore and she said that she did not feel well.
“Strict action has been taken against the illegal establishment of coal mines in November 2022 by closing down these factories and they have also started works to destroy Bee-Hive Coke. Oven to ensure that they can no longer continue to operate.
He said that while the central government has not yet issued a notification to take up the CBI investigation, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) appointed by the government headed by the DIG should start immediately. investigation to reveal all the facts.
Instead, unite the people in each constituency, elect and appoint volunteers to save the country.
Ardent expressed his gratitude to the President of the UDP who has developed this initiative to bring about cooperation between the two ethnic parties in the state.
Therefore, these shops have been sent until they can provide the documents.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Lawmali Pyllun will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12-12-2020 from 8:00 pm.
Pre Chorus – You are the light of the world, You are the light of the Pnar; Khon dap chynrang of the land of the new trep, He who robbed the Pnars.
“It is up to us to demand from the Indian government what we want, not for the Indian government to come and explain to us because it will not know our wishes.
The President of the party, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that the party will take many measures to curb drugs in the state when the party comes to power. He also expressed his concern over the number of drug addicts in Mawbah.
Therefore, he hoped that only these two ethnic parties can serve the people of the state and for this reason they want to join hands again in the RDA. but wants to join hands with the UDP to strengthen the ethnic parties after many parties from the north.
“According to the hearing, after receiving an affidavit from the Director General of Foreign Trade, the High Court of the state has ordered that it will no longer ban the transportation of coal whether it is major lane minor".
“We have already sent hundreds of letters to the government to request them to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya, but it is only the MDA government that has not done so. “It's a good idea to take the opportunity to resolve the border issue so that we can end the shirta dispute,” Paiem told reporters.
In West Garo Hills, there are 14 new cases.
Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills Vivekanand Singh, IPS, expressed his gratitude to the village leaders in the district who have assisted the police in the seizure of drugs and arrested the suspects.
He said that to show that these grants have been fully implemented can be verified after receiving the UC which will prevent the misdirection of the grant for other purposes.
Among the most important issues that affect the country and the nation, the MDA government has been fighting from time to time especially the NPP party which is leading the present government.
It aims to establish Content Evaluation Committees and Broadcast Advisory Councils, programs and advertisement codes for operators of various broadcasting stations, opportunities for people with disabilities and penalties for violations. the rules along with others.
“The Riwar area has been facing problems due to the deterioration of the road for more than 3 years and if the State Government and NHIDCL fail to repair it within 20 days, the JAC will lodge a PIL with the the Meghalaya High Court,” said Mr. Edmund.
No information has been received on the cause of the fire, but with the help of neighbours, the fire was extinguished.
In another raid, a team from the 43rd Battalion of BSF Meghalaya, in collaboration with Meghalaya Police, seized 9,000 kilos of kwai tyrkhong worth up to 18 lakh rupees.
Shillong, July 12: Ka KHNAM has demanded that the government should set up a state army to provide employment to many youth in the country.
In a letter to the Principal of PGT College, Ambrose said, “.
Speaking at the meeting, they informed the Minister that the Police Outpost which was scheduled to be opened on 25th November 2022 at Barato village has been demanded to be relocated to Mukroh. There are 36 Khasi Pnar villages in Block 1 in Meghalaya.
In a statement issued by the Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills, the father of the child, Min Bahadur Thapa, lodged a complaint at Shahlang Police Station. The child was last found by the residents of Joplang Higher Secondary School but his whereabouts are still unknown.
Vi Postpaid users can book an International Roaming (IR) Pack for their trip before 7th June, 2024 and receive free services related to their plans. of them not to arrive late or to avoid getting lost.
Khliehiongriang and Mookyndur will play in the 1st Division next season, while Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Mynsngad have been relegated to the Third Division after failing to play well this season.
Ma Lammat O. Laloo has been elected as the new Waheh Shnong of Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Chnong for the term of office 2024-2
During the meeting, they explained many of the projects that Canada wants to do in the field of hydro, solar, nuclear and uranium.
Look at these children who have gone up to class.
Bengaluru, Nailur 30 : The 62nd Sub-Junior Cup International Football Tournament (U14) Boys category will start today in Bengaluru. It is the first time in the history of the tournament that the national championship, which is a tournament among schools from the states, will be held outside the capital of India.
Among other characteristics of man, it is education that distinguishes man from animals.
Shillong: The revenue collected by the state government from liquor shops in the past four days has reached T6 crore, said the Symbud Myntri of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong. .
Those who wish to apply can submit their applications to the office of the District Transport Officer, Jowai. 2022.
Seychelles, Sri Lanka, Uganda and FinlandInternational groups : World Bank, Asian Development Bank, World Economic Forum, World LPG Organization, UN Energy for All, UNIDO, Biofutures Platform, International Civil Aviation Organization, International Energy Agency, International Energy Forum, International Renewable Energy Agency, World Biogas Association.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today informed that those who open shops, should clearly show that their employees, have been vaccinated against the corona virus.
Speaking to the BBC, Yash Chopra said that when he informed Amitabh Bachchan that he wanted to send Jaya Bachchan and Rekha to Silsila, Amitabh Bachchan was shocked. and drive away fear, because life, which happens outside, turns into a popular movie.
He said that he used to talk about this from time to time, but these talks of his have turned into talks in the wilderness.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) CEM candidate Teinwel Dkhar has admitted that all the 14 MDCs in the party are united and there is hope of winning the election today.
The shop was inaugurated by former Chairman of Mihmyntdu Catholic Church, Ma Frederick Synnah, in the presence of Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director of JHDS, Coordinator of JHDS, Bah Denis Kurkalang and other dignitaries.
These HITO leaders also met and sent a letter to these MLAs of Ri Bhoi, on the grounds that in the field of recruitment in the districts, the allocation of government posts should be % only for the youth of the District.
The Minister also launched the release of 30 vehicles for the SF-10 and awarded 10 Commandos for the best in various fields.
Of course, the consumption of electricity is also higher in the city and less in the rural areas,” he said.
Shillong: BSF troops have seized two Bolero pickups and seized a large quantity of shni and other items worth T.15 lakh.
In the first innings, Meghalaya managed to limit Vidarbha to 243/9 in 50 overs after winning the toss and elected to bat first.
Of these doctors, 316 are working in government hospitals, 122 in private hospitals and 37 in other workplaces.
“Because of the promise of the DC of EJHD to start repairing the NH 44 tomorrow, we have temporarily suspended our protest and we will see if the government does not keep its promise we will not listen to the words. jail jaum but we will continue with strong protests,” said the statement.
In this regard, the CSWO (I) and the land owners have set a deadline for the MLA of Umroi to remove the land which he has broken into the land of these people. The CSWO will take other strict measures within 10 months from this date. If he does not do so, he will take other strict measures and the CSWO will seek the facts from the department. do not implement this scheme.
The Executive Member (EM) in charge of the market of KHADC, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the construction of these markets should be safe and adequate. The entrance and exit routes for vehicles shall be separate to avoid disruption to the traffic of the public and vehicles.
This year, the state government has also announced that 38 groups have received financial assistance of 9.8 lakh tyngka and this is a clear sign that the state government is committed to develop the youth of the state.
Speaking to media, Pangniang said that as a party in alliance with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, it has its own policies and principles and the party stands firm. The Roster System should not be used for any purpose.
The purpose of the bill is to allow more women to become public leaders and legislators by allocating 33% of the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assembly constituencies for them.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister said that between 10th June 2021 and 28th June 2023, 35 robbers have been arrested. Twelve others were shot dead and 12 others were injured in shooting incidents with the state police.
The book is available on Amazon and Flipkart.
In a statement, Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the Central Election Committee of the HSPDP, said that those who wish to contest the MLA elections in 2023, can obtain the application forms from the Area Units in their constituencies. , and if there are constituencies that do not have the capacity, please inform the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang to arrange the names of the candidates to contest the election with the approval of the President or Secretary of the constituency and area. The units and the area units will send the forms to the District Election Committees for submission to the Central Election Committee for the announcement of the party candidates.
He said that during the last MLA election, the Election Department has seized more than 400 vehicles for Election Duty and the money should have been released to the owners of the lane. The Driver has not yet found anything.
The homeless shelter in Dharavi, India's largest homeless shelter, has reported 53 new cases in the past 24 hours.
India's Representative to UNFPA, who is also the Country Director of Bhutan, Andre Wojner, has explained that India's population growth is due to the lack of equal education. through skills and knowledge through science, the initiation of new activities for women and girls, as well as the denial of their will and desire to have children.
All the people were filled with great wonder and were amazed to learn about her.
They have been ordered to appear before the Committee on the 20th of July.
Furthermore, Bah Ardent said that the influx of people to encourage him during these four days has really encouraged him to stay at this place.
Fredi Chyrmang scored the third goal in the 33rd minute.
She said that after the discovery that cows and pigs have the disease, many meat shops have closed their doors but the number of cows is now very low and sometimes they There were days when there was no harvest, and there were only twice a month.
“We’ve got our own people here.
This is the same reason why the Israelites feared God when he spoke to them on Mount Horeb in the wilderness of Sinai.
The bridge was inaugurated by Kong P Mawblei, who used to work closely with Bah Estansing in the presence of Bah DD L Nongbri, Sordar of Mawkyrdang who is also the President of Mawkyrdang. Bah B Lyngdoh, President of Mawkyrdang Sports Club and farmers from these three villages.
In fact, the meeting of the ruling MDCs under the banner of KHUDA, had decided earlier to meet the Prime Minister to discuss whether the government will expedite the passage of the KHADC Constituency Bill. received by the House of Commons.
However, how many of their farmers know about them.
Furthermore, JTES on the 23rd of April will hold a marathon from Thadlaskein to Jrisalein and later there will be a road cleaning competition along the Myntdu River.
When asked about his confidence to contest against the incumbent MLA of Pynthorumkhrah constituency, he said that although he will contest against an MLA who can be said to be a leader, The main weapons he will fight against are love, the love of light and especially the issue he has and it is too much for the people to judge.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rimuliang Circle, in collaboration with the members of the KSU West Khasi Hills District, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of the KSU West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa. complained against the Assam authorities, especially in relation to the destruction of electricity lines built by MeECL. They said that the Assam authorities have suspended development works coming from Meghalaya especially in the area of ​​Langpih, Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap, Umwali to Umwahsiang. The Status Quo signed between Meghalaya and Assam in 2010, regarding the acceptance of all development programs in the region.
The incident happened at Mawlai Umjaiur.
Wade also made a serious mistake about the origin of the Jaintia Syiems by explaining that the Jaintia Syiems came from fish caught from the Khootungah or Sutoonga (Sutnga) River which flows from Garrow (Garo). There is also a river that flows from Garo Hills to Zointee Hills.
According to police sources, on the 4th at about 2.30 pm, police stopped a truck bearing the registration number AD-01-DD-7142 at Damcherra Kuliang, After a thorough search, police recovered 200 cartons of Phensedyl (banned contraband under NDPS Act) from the truck. Police have arrested the driver of the truck, Santosh Patel and registered a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that the residents of the area have lodged a complaint against the doctors at the CHC for 10 months.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Executive Member (EC) in charge of the Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The HNLC said that the curfew was only on the 14th and 15th of July 2014 and on the 15th of July 2014, it was called by all the armed groups. to the east.
Isaiah 1:16.
“We trust the State Government and that is why we did not come out to protest but we cannot accept the Mynti's statement that ASHAs receive T.5000,” she said.
The Congress has acknowledged that the party has relied on the government's leadership and said it knows better what to do.
They said that the sports federations urgently need to get coaches for the athletes but due to the lack of funds for the sports federations, there is a risk for the Olympic and non-Olympic sports associations in the state. They will be de-affiliated with the National Federation if they fail to participate in national tournaments.
It is also understood that the visit of the Regional Committees to the border villages may be held in June.
Kong Sna never thought that from a life of desperation, she would be able to start her own business and employ others.
“We hope that the Governor will take action on this issue so that those who pass will get their rights,” she said.
Other programs on the day include the distribution of EPIC Cards, the awarding of new voters, the explanation of EVMs and VVPATs, the Slogan Writing and Drawing Competition, as well as the awarding ceremony. to the Booth Level Officers (BLOs) who have worked hard and performed well.
She said that the celebration of the death anniversary of Bah Bring has been celebrated for three years through the Committee and when she saw the supporters who came, she felt like her father was still with her.
Beware, you political leaders – forget the vote bank, and think first of the future of the young men and women of the Meghalaya Scheduled Tribe.
The children know more than us the old people,” said the father.
Dliss Dkhar, mother of Teras Dkhar, passed away on 31/12/2
He said that there are 11 Rangbah Shnongs from Rangskhen area who support Bah Don and 4 others.
They said that only the traders who pass through Sohkha have to pass through the weigh bridge while in Khasi Hills there is no weigh bridge while the same goods are trafficked to Bangladesh.
The scheme was introduced by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh and started on 30th November.
Khliehriat, July 28: As part of the celebration of Anti Drug Day, the office of the Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District has conducted several awareness programs in different villages. Children from different schools in East Jaintia Hills District have taken part in the drawing competition and the SP's office has announced the names. Ayush Tamang, the youngest of the participants, from Oxford Secondary School Ladrymbai.
The incident has shocked the area and many have demanded that those involved should be punished.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 603 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases has risen to 5015 in the state.
The ritual of Syiem Aitnar is that no one or any person is allowed to perform tamti tamkjat in the holy pool of Aitnar.
The Seng congratulates all the residents of West Khasi Hills who have joined hands to follow the government's directives and also urges that we should not be stingy, we should obey and take part so that we can protect ourselves and the whole nation.
A case has been registered against them at Laitumkhrah police station.
Shillong, March 26: The Ganesh Das Hospital has not been able to accept maternity patients even after 20 days since the maternity ward was closed. been consumed by fire recently.
The Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA, Lammat OO Laloo said that these two seats have become vacant after Khliehmyntang Ialong SC and Loomiongkjam SC which are in the 1st and 2nd Divisions have withdrawn from the tournament.
Shillong: The State Government today allowed the public to buy food items, household items and urged the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure that the people who When coming to buy food items, they should maintain social distance.
After watching the CCTV recordings, Zaveri and other parents went to the police to lodge a complaint.
However, if you ask me to do things that are against and destroy our people, I cannot,” said Conrad.
Now all the writings are related to the English language and most of the time, it interferes with my studies and so, I decided to go back to school, to improve my skills in reading and writing, especially , in English,” said Lalringthara.
When asked about this, Banteidor Lyngdoh and Gavin Mylliem declined to comment.
Mukul Sangma also displayed a photograph of Conrad, his wife and Henry Lalremsanga who were arrested on 23rd June 2013 for possession of illegally counted pseudoephedrine tablets. who is worth seven crores of rupees.
Blood glucose levels generally increase after the age of 50 because cells become resistant to insulin, the hormone that regulates glucose levels in the body.
There were also other issues that the documents issued by the government officials of the states that these people have invaded Assam have not been verified.
However, after we accepted the Gospel and became Christians, our minds or ways of thinking changed completely from what we used to think.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The shopkeepers of Iewduh in a statement issued by Kong O Khongclim, Kong E Sun, Kong J Kurkalang, Kong M Sohtun and others have expressed their gratitude to Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the UDP, said in a statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Satyendra Garg, on Tuesday said that the central government has no intention of withdrawing the Assam Rifles from Shillong but will only withdraw the ITBP from Shillong.
Meanwhile, the MBA has already selected its team to compete in the 3rd North East Olympic Games to be held in Nagaland from 18-23, and another team to compete in the 3rd North East Olympic Games to be held in Nagaland from 18-2 The 3rd Sub Junior Boys & Girls National Boxing Championship will be held in Noida, Uttar Pradesh from 18-25th of this month.
In the group shooting competition, the team from Pynthor 'A' came second and the team from Sohra Rim 'E' came second.
In the past 24 hours, India has reported 62,480 new cases and 1,587 deaths.
In addition, 10 consolation prizes were awarded.
He said that the government has also stolen the rights of mothers by canceling the scheme which the government used to support them. shall be deprived of their rights.
The struggle between the Khasi Pnar farmers and the Karbi farmers was through the shooting of birds and stones, but the Karbi continued to use the sword and the ryntieh with the intention. to harm or even kill them.
Also present on the occasion will be Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah as the Chief Guest and Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of Education as the Chief Guest.
Shillong, July 3: After the victory of the Dorbar Bah Ka Bri u Hyniewtrep at Polo Ground on 30th July, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (urban and suburban areas) has raised a question on how to conduct the election. Dorbar Bah chess wat in the coming years.
“Sometimes one party says that this is enough and some parties say that this is not enough and this has led to confusion in the government.
The legend says that the first people called Hadem Syriem like the Biate lived at the head of this river in places called The Chympreng, Khlieh Moolokbong and Moolongiaraiñ.
Shillong, November 05: The Meghalaya High Court on Monday quashed the order issued by the State Government on 23rd October 2021 and also the provisions of the Meghalaya State Education Policy college teachers teaching in Aided Institutions or colleges receiving government assistance to contest elections or to take part in political parties, in the judiciary and the issuance of orders by the Justice HS Thangkhiew on a complaint by Brightstarwell Marbaniang, one of the college teachers of the state against the government's announcement.
Shortly after, these leaders of the Bhalang agreed to go down a little lower in front of the gate of the Prime Minister's residence to hold the rally.
Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej was the chief guest in the presence of District Social Welfare Officer, VC War and Principal of Mairang Vidya. Jyoti Inclusive School, Mairang, Dr. BL Mawnai, Director of Makarious Medical Centre, Mairang, Dr. MM Syiem and others.
Akhil Gogoi, who led the protest, said that if the bill is implemented, then Sarbananda Sonowal should step down immediately as the Chief Minister of Assam.
No matter what they say, we have only one country.
In the past, the minorities felt happy and proud that they were Indians and that they were in India, which was far from the rule of law.
“Ka seng said that it will think before when because the forgiveness for the issuance of vehicle license plates was not from the map from the state government but from the central government until 31st October 2021 and the party will fight to do something before this date.
SP East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said that the employees of the Hotel Assembly at Police Bazar informed that one of the guests did not leave the room. the presence of witnesses breaks the door.
He said the Committee will try to meet and listen to all the stakeholders in this matter.
MIPRLM Vice Chairman Erwin K Sutnga said that they have decided to continue the strike as decided by the government.
The incident occurred when a group of taxi drivers who used to park inside the Jaïaw stand had to stop temporarily for the purpose of extending the parking lot.
You used to hear that they say, 'It's easier to do it like a cow's blood,' said Ri while they were walking along the road.
The explanation also followed the rules of social distancing by staying away from each other with the use of masks and hand sanitizer, according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There were also only a few people at the meeting due to the rules of closure.
“If this issue cannot be resolved, we will have no choice but to go to court,” he said.
When the present BJP government comes, it will be the same in the way of stirring up jali jaum and promises of change.
The President of the HYC, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that through the placards, the HYC reminds the Central Government and the Prime Minister of the need to listen to these demands and respect the decisions taken. approved by the State Legislature.
Shillong: Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has admitted that there are church groups who reject government schemes or MLA schemes because they are bad and not in line with the work of God.
She said that NEIMUN has a collaboration with other groups on issues related to ethnic discrimination in the region by people from northern India and to include the stories of this region in textbooks. of the country.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held at Circuit House Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi District today to discuss the implementation of the to maintain peace and order and to resolve any conflict in various parts of the District.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has received information that there are seven cases of covid-19 in Shillong. but they didn't want to go for covid test.
On the other hand, UDP Pynursla Circle Vice President Eming Khongngai, visited the family today.
Fifteen executive members were also elected.
Shillong: U Congress MDC in GHADC Stevie Marak has demanded that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Minister in charge of the District Council James K Sangma should resign from their posts. He also demanded that the Executive Committee of GHADC led by the NPP should be dissolved. He also demanded that the CEM and Chairman of GHADC should resign from their posts.
