On the resumption of petrol prices, most of the drivers of urban vehicles, while talking to this reporter, said that it is not only the drivers and parkers who are affected.
If there is any complaint or complaint, a magisterial inquiry shall be conducted.
The family of (Late) Karland Langrin, Ex-Rev K.Langrin, would like to express our gratitude to all the relatives, friends and relatives who came to condole the death of Ex-Rev K.Langrin. Your passing will be on 25th September
This is the reason why the city has bought the news about the Byrni railway to Shillong.
This area of ​​Lumsohphoh is a hub for sports and other social activities.
Langstieh said that the area covered under the scheme for 2014-15 is 2.34 lakh hectares covering 299 small irrigation projects under 96 projects at a cost of Rs. Rs.3511.74 crore.
“ If you use technology, I don't think there is a problem.
The incident occurred on Sunday, when the writer went to write to the wrong husband and this was due to the lack of electricity.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the proposal to end the salary problems of the SSA teachers depends on the funds allocated by the Central Government.
Bah Mawkordor said that in the petition, the union urged the Minister to take action against the hospital so that it will be of benefit to the people of the area.
Finally, I wish you all a happy Seng Kut Snem and we wish each other that we will be happy in all aspects and that we will 'bear holy fruit'
Shillong: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Tuesday sought detailed information regarding the shooting death of seven persons in Mukroh village. The Ministry of Home Affairs and the Chief Secretary of Assam to find appropriate measures to prevent such incidents in the border areas, where there is a border incident in neighboring states. .
He said that this was through the confession of two other persons who were arrested on Friday as well as many others who were arrested.
However, Azam failed to score 9 runs, while Fakhar Zaman and Saim Ayub scored 47 runs each and brought the 79 ron in their partnership for the fourth wicket and to take the team to 182 runs in 19.5 overs.
Specialized centers such as Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's Center for Policy Research and Analysis (CeDNER) have promoted research at this institution and encouraged teachers and trainees to participate. research, innovation and entrepreneurship projects in the North East.
This dead body, whether it comes from plants, animals or humans, when it decomposes properly it forms a substance called humus.
However, he said Ukraine knows that in the end the war will end in the hands of Ukrainian victory.
Lyngdoh owns more than 10 vehicles worth Rs 3.34 crore.
JOWAI: The Co-Convenor of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPP) Erwin K Sutnga at a meeting held at Hynniawmer on Tuesday said that on the 14th of this month they will go to close down the road. Implementation of Fastag at Umling Toll Gate.
Also present on the occasion will be the Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and others.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, have seized several explosives from a TUV 300 (AS-01/BV-8065) ​​at 1 pm this morning. Lad Rymbai was arrested in Guwahati.
“In Shillong Province alone, we have 42 households, including Mizoram, Tripura, Barrack Valley, Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills except Garo Hills. I am from Guwahati Province.
The word Behdeiñkhlam means the expulsion of the disease from the village and the community without sunset and without moonrise.
Local Government Departments and Departments of Agriculture, Rural Development, Food Production, Textiles, North Eastern Space Applications Centre, Media, The use of modern computer technology, vocational training, ethnic groups, AYUSH herbs, trade, industry and finance will be taken into account in these discussions.
The song was recorded by Malcom Rani and edited by @KACECHERRA.
Two of the deceased were foreign children.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The State Government has informed the leaders of 13 Sengbhalang that it has received 14 entry & exit points to set up to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. the state.
Shillong, July 21: A foreigner has been killed in Tura township and another vehicle has collapsed after being set on fire in Tura township. There is a lot of anger over the news that a young girl has been raped by foreigners.
Fourth, many of the market vendors are self-sufficient and have limited knowledge.
Commander Shangpliang, President, said the meeting unanimously decided to continue to monitor and demand that the government should implement the demands sent through the memorandum to Conrad Sangma and Banteidor. Lyngdoh Minister of Agriculture who has put forward many demands such as Agriculture Policy, Crop Insurance, to allocate more funds to the Ministry of Agriculture, and others.
The final match between Panjab University and JMI University was very interesting.
“For hell hath opened her mouth, and her desire hath opened her mouth: therefore their glory, and their multitude, and him that rejoiceth in the midst of them, shall come down therein” Isaiah 5:1
Shillong: The MDA-2 government spokesperson, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the withdrawal of the Meghalaya Police from Lapangap area after being forced by the Karbi was due to the lack of preparedness. suddenly and for this reason, they have to move.
Commenting on the lack of qualified doctors in the state where the people often have to flee abroad to get adequate treatment, the plaintiffs said, “Even private hospitals do not have qualified doctors. to treat many diseases and although there are but the cost is excessive, the state has to spend billions of rupees abroad to treat many diseases but the urgent need now is that all treatment should be provided only within the state”.
MJ Akbar's wife Mallika said it was a lie and this was on the charge of rape of MJ Akbar.
However, there are still diseases which Khasi doctors are able to cure.
“The house is short of people, I have sent the bell tied,” said Lamphang.
However, the clearing of mountains, the slaughter of dohum and the cultivation of shyrti have become closer because many people understand and there is a lot of support from the villages and government authorities.
On the other hand, the MPCC will provide assistance to these families who have lost their loved ones.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Ranjan Mathew, Senior Project Manager, SACH, PW Suting, Inspector, Weaving Department, Ri Bhoi. Mawlong, women, youth and others.
There are those who mistake the meaning of writing for what is written, and then it is written; this is a strong way of thinking.
Don't take the opportunity to politicize this issue and claim that it is your responsibility because this is completely wrong.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Pariat said that as human beings we have mistakes, and standing for election is not a job, it is a job to look after the welfare and development of the country. I have lost your glory and your honor.
About 450 table tennis players including 200 coaches, office bearers of the Table Tennis Federation of India and others are expected to come to Shillong to take part in the tournament.
The main requirement is to build the rynsan because it requires a lot of expense because it has to be built with siej and has to be rebuilt every time after it breaks.
A few days ago, she had asked the court to divorce Akshay Kumar because she did not want people to know her as a widow.
Other speakers included Embhah Syiemlieh, MLA; PT Sawkmie MDC and SD Khongwir said that the opening of the new office will improve the services of the police in the Mawlai area and congratulated the police for their efforts. They will be able to serve better for the people of Mawlai.
The SP and DC should not listen to such actions because there is no need or benefit in collecting money from lakhs of rupees, but peace and understanding is the most important thing.
After only a few decades, that rud nong became a larger village than that village that didn't exist and many times I was told by that old man that they used to byrngem byrsit and shoot or beat the villagers. He said that the warning in a story that "when he is killed, it is forbidden to kill the one who released him" has been fulfilled.
“One of the problems is that we don't have witnesses. Even if we have arrested these traffickers, we want the cooperation of the Rangbah Shnongs and the residents. so that we can arrest these drug dealers.
God sees, guides and directs us.
“I appeal to the people to cooperate with the government so that the work can go smoothly and I urge the land owners through whom this road will pass not to change the land allocation and also to the residents who “I request the government to expedite the construction of the Fourlane Road which has been delayed in many parts,” he added.
And that is why they should be careful about the documents and various schemes and the expenditure of money on those schemes.
They went down quickly to Tbanlangjrong, but the crowd did not hesitate and fled farther.
The FKJGP leader said that the purpose of the FKJGP's visit was to find out the reason why the permanent campus of the famous NIT has been delayed in completion despite the fact that the work has started since November
A case has been registered at Sohra Police Station and police have agreed to conduct investigation.
The VPP is determined to fight on issues that affect the people and no one can stop it,” said the VPP spokesperson. “It would have been better if they had resigned. They don't have the right to hold office when there is no power,” he said.
Khliehriat, July 16: Eleven persons including men, women and children, who are Bangladeshis, today arrived in East Jaintia Hills District by passing through Kuliang village on the border. The Kuliang VDPs and the Kuliang Village Authority handed over the suspects to the Umkiang Patrolling Post.
The two students from the same village had come to class from Khliehriat and at about 1:00 pm, they had left the village in the vehicle of the B.Com student. Franky Lyngdoh, son of Maising Shylla, was arrested.
(4) To send surprise visits to the police in public places:- Public places in our state are places of worship, schools, cinema halls, sports venues, party venues and other other.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Although seven MDCs have resigned from their posts as MLAs, they have not been appointed as MLAs. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is still under the jurisdiction of the High Court, which said that their resignation was not before filing a complaint, but after filing a complaint with the court.
Thus, the day of the result came and both of them passed.
Finally, the union urges the state government to expedite the construction of the Entry and Exit Point, to prevent such foreigners, who have been able to enter the state safely, he added.
This sudden, thoughtless decision has often been like a great storm that has separated me from my parents.
He said that the untimely death of Bah Cherish has delayed and put a little difficulty in the peace talks because as the leader and initiator of the peace talks he has been involved. jubor is not your life.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) has strongly condemned the increase in vehicle insurance fees by the Central Government.
“The reason for the suspension of the sale of meat is due to the decline in the market,” said the union.
As long as there is corruption in our country and state it is difficult to see the growth of development works in our regions and communities.
If you don't have a will, you don't have a way," Rakkam said.
Another journalist from Manipur, who lives in Delhi, Malem Ningthouja, was another one who used to listen to his phone conversations.
“It's not enough, this is Shillong and such people cannot be accepted,” said the pedestrian. I am the one who lives with men, that's not right.
She said, “The introduction of the PRIME program has really changed my life, and has encouraged me to trust myself and strive to reach my goal.
It should be recalled that the judgment is only for those who are willing to stand before the court.
On the same issue, the leaders of the Nongpoh Town Committee have met with the NHAI officials in Delhi, but so far they have not taken any action. em and it is for this reason that the NTC and UTD leaders have visited Guwahati to remind the NHAI officials.
The Lokayukta is also investigating the allegation of corruption in the coal transportation against the Supreme Court order dated 3 July
They can cause fever, chills, colds and other diseases.
“The government has already talked to NEEPCO so that this problem can be resolved this month,” he said.
He urged the government to build a state of the art indoor stadium in Newshillong.
Then Tymmen, San, Nongud Nongnam through Klong Skaw, ask for another sign of shin by throwing Klong Skaw at the place where it happened and at the place where the klong stayed and danced. don't die.
He said that the price of T.400 per injection in government hospitals is still very low, even in government hospitals. Western countries, including the US, UK and European countries, buy directly from the injection company AstraZeneca and the price of the drug is lower than that sold in Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.
The ECC said that the district administration of East Jaintia Hills has closed down some illegal Coke factories, but it has been found that they do not believe in the orders of the DC and the Home Minister. coal is not burned in these factories.
The budget of the state will be presented on 23rd October 2023 by the Chief Minister.
In order to bring about a clean environment in the river, Bah Devan Warjri, urged the village leaders, women's organizations and youth organizations in the villages along the river, to take action. He also urged the visitors to visit the river not to throw garbage in the river.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Rupang has inquired whether there are any government employees who have already submitted their names to the government. some civil servants have already nominated.
Cyclone Biparjoy has struggled to reach the outskirts of Kutch in Gujarat and it is said that yesterday when it hit the countryside, the wind became stronger.
The NKC and YFC have agreed to implement the road after a company called Ramky Infrastructure Limited has abandoned the work.
“Everyone is fighting for the post of Minister of State but the resignation of Bah Comingone has shown that the party has no place in the state and the BJP as promised by Nalin Kohli will form a government in “Comingone has been a minister for only a few months and he has experienced this government led by Dr Mukul Sangma,” said Shibun.
The Central Government has said that such requests to recognize their marriage should be accepted by laws which can completely amend the laws that the society has accepted and which are inherent in religions and accepted as the laws of society.
The Flag March was held at 1 pm this evening and the aim was to remove the fear from the minds of the voters so that they can cast their votes without fear of anyone.
There was also a ceremony to honor the youngsters of the kur, who came forward from Ladwah Wapung.
Although these people have moved to Shillong, they have spread to the whole village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (SASA) Central Body on Tuesday renewed its Executive Committee. for the term 2019-2
However, for the People's Democratic Front (PDF), there has been no discussion yet as it is new.
The White House report, released on Tuesday, takes the idea of ​​cooling the earth through a technology known as solar radiation modification (SRM).
Nongrah SC opened the scoring through Kerionald Pyngrope in the 6th minute but Mawtawar SC opened the scoring through Elnathan Donkupar Wahlang in the 41st minute.
Shillong, June 1: It took only 3 minutes for the Customs of Pynursla to auction 28 cows seized by BSF troops which were smuggled to Bangladesh.
The incident happened two days after a child named Sahil Bashir Dar was shot dead by unidentified gunmen at his residence in Wetergam Dyalgam area of ​​India. Shine.
The union congratulates the police for their hard work in patrolling the border area with Assam but in the view of the union, the road through Rangsapara to Boko and Hahim needs to be closed. The Check Point (Police) has been closed because it has been seen that those who enter and leave freely to go to Assam have threatened the border area especially the West Khasi Hills especially now there are cases in the Boko-Assam area.
The crowd, which was attended by about 8000 supporters.
Let those who have learned be pleased to provide true and well-founded knowledge so that the future generations will not be misled.
He came from a poor family and lived hard.
Sri Kiren Rijiju was one of the MPs from the North East.
The MHRC through its Secretary has sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District to submit a detailed report to the Commission within 15 days.
All audit reports shall be made available in the public domain.
A stark example is here in the North East of how those violent powers can transform society and destroy the nation.
The Bengali people are strongly opposed to their traditional customs and traditions, but it is found in history that they were divided between Hindus and Muslims until they were divided into two parts of Bengal, half of India and Bangladesh.
“You have always supported India's dreams of one day qualifying for the FIFA World Cup and with your support, we will be able to take part in the biggest tournament in the world. ," he said urging the Prime Minister.
Smit, Jymmang 22: About 500 people of Nongkrem Constituency have attended a meeting convened by the Nongkrem Constituency People's Committee (NCPC) held today at Smit.
Perhaps in the vastness of India there are members of the ethnic minorities who emphasize their own identity and stingy towards the minorities, in which the authority of the Central Government should be limited; However, from the small area of ​​Ri Khasi, there are parts which show the spirit of mutual respect between the parakur parakha from the same ethnic group.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, to expedite the construction of three essential buildings. The GNM Nursing School in Nongpoh, the MCH Hospital in Umran Niangbyrnai and the completion of the Screening Centers in Byrnihat and Umling.
He said that the authorities such as the District Councils should be strong in the implementation of the census.
If there is a demand to bring the Winter Capital to the east, to bring the Spring Capital here, to bring the Summer Capital elsewhere, all this will go wrong.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Labor Association (ALU) today confirmed its office bearers at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Tynsong said that the party will win more than 35-36 constituencies in the upcoming elections, as the history is that God has blessed the NPP in the upcoming elections. in 2018 until now.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that the residents of Maxwelton Estate should be prepared to leave the area if they are strangers. valid bean.
“Although he has chosen to leave the national party, the NPP is also a party which through its activities for four and a half years, many of the people do not like it,” he added.
In connection with these activities, the district authorities in the state have removed 109 posters from government places and 248 from public places.
“The team is determined to play well in order to qualify for another tournament and we are ready to become one of the best teams in the Pro League.
Because the leaders are those legislators who can turn the good into the bad and the bad into the good.
According to information received by this reporter, the incident happened on the 5th of this month at 11 pm, when the 11-year-old girl and She was also raped by an elderly man from the same village.
“Regarding the allegation that Syiem Marwet was involved in the sale of Raid land to foreigners, he clarified that the documents that the HNYM has received have been displayed and distributed to the public. “It's been a long time since 2004, but he has just taken over the post of Syiem Raid in 2007,” said Ken Syiem.
When asked why Pynthorbah was chosen as the venue for the BJP leader's visit, Pelcy said that the venue was chosen by Pelcy because there were those who knew each other and the peaceful movement. “Madam will come back and we will go to many places,” she said.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 7: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the PDS for the month of July 2022, has been released through the distributors. , to AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA households which is 2.26 liters per card.
Over the years, the pollution of these rivers has become more serious due to the increasing population especially in the areas along these rivers.
The forecaster said that the coronavirus will not disappear in the coming months and that a cure will not be available, but the world will understand how to survive. himself with this disease.
They were released on bail this evening after completing the agreements.
It is very difficult for everyone to avoid the causes of evil or to live for good reasons.
The meeting was attended by the Bishop of Tura, Rev. Andrew R Marak who said that the church will pray for the Lok Sabha MP elections. Fr Viju said that the people have received clarification on the right to vote through the Election Commission.
“There is no decision and we will continue to meet from time to time,” he said while congratulating the Chief Minister of Assam, the CEM of KAAC and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya. Head of the Regional Committee for Jaintia Hills.
She was shorter than her husband but she was well dressed.
Shillong, Lber 03 : After Mumbai Indians and Gujarat Giants, the UP Warriors have become another team to release their jerseys for the Women's Premier League.
In fact, at the coral jubilee meeting of KJDSTA held today at the Soso Tham Auditorium, the teachers expected the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to speak on the demand of the teachers. The government has rejected the teaching jobs or provincialisation and other long-standing issues that teachers have been raising many times in the past years.
The doctors are currently on vacation at the Vivanta Hotel in Guwahati.
The letter was sent on the 14th of this month and in the letter, Marak mentioned the problem of students from Meghalaya who have to sit for the UGC-NET Examination They have to travel to Agartala and Aizawl instead of Shillong and Guwahati.
Twenty others have been admitted to various hospitals for injuries.
The Seng Khasi has been celebrating this day as the Foundation Day.
In that year, many independent candidates appeared and the total number of candidates reached 11. At that time, Bah Swell lost by 12,000 votes to Bah Joy.
This warning from the CAG should raise the attention of the government.
According to the complaint, between 40-50 students from other hostels on the campus, broke into Hostel No 19 without permission and shot and tied the students. Many of them were injured and taken to hospital for treatment.
According to the DGP, ULFA chief Drishti Rajkhowa was at the GNLA training camp and was involved in the bomb blast on Thursday in which two policemen were killed.
Bah Balajied Synrem as the chief guest congratulated the Cooperative Society for its hard work.
Students who wish to contest the SSC from other tribes can apply for this scholarship until 07th June, 2024 through www.tribaldesignforum.com.
Bamboo disease is a disease that can affect even a person's income.
Police sources said that 186 civilians were injured in the clashes between the two groups and 56 policemen were also injured, besides the death of a langrut heh yesterday.
Now he encourages others through TV and produces many inspiring DVDs for young people.
One day a tall and white man came to Manar village and said, "Hi!! What are you doing? Ok, what village is this? They didn't understand the English language, they just listened, there was only one who was braver and answered 'ciarang' He took a pen and wrote the name of the village “Jirang”.
The summons was issued yesterday regarding the shooting of pedestrians and passengers and the damage to vehicles of the people on the 28th of March which was the day of the rally. the FKJGP on the lack of jobs.
Bah S Pyngrope said that after that the Association has sent a letter to the Government regarding the non-receipt of the Fifth Pay and the Government has announced that it will implement the Fifth Pay. of Municipal employees since November 2021 and in the past months they have received the Fifth Pay but after two months the Government has issued an order to suspend the salaries of Municipal employees and after that The Government has paid back these employees through the Fourth Pay Commission and the Association cannot accept this action of the Government.
However, what is worse is the deterioration of the roads that have not been constructed or improved.
Shillong, June 02 : The three-day Elite Pathway Program Camp, which started on 1st June, 2023, was held on Sunday at the SAI Centre. at NEHU, Shillong.
The union has expressed its strong opposition to smuggling on the India-Bangladesh border especially during these times of COVID-1
The Administrative Officer of JHADC handed over the letter of appointment to Lambert Swer at his office in the presence of MDC Chairman JHADC Finelyness Bareh and office bearers of Rymbai Elaka.
He said that the police have taken the number plates of the vehicles that are overloaded, without proper number plates, parked improperly and ordered them to go to the police station to take necessary action.
“In this age of technology, we live in an age of rapid dissemination of information.
Henry Neihsel (33) was arrested from his residence in Lumjingsuk Block-A and 30 bags of soap and 32 golden boxes were recovered. The heroin weighed 278 grams and the value of T.2,14,4
Prestone, who is also the National Vice President of the NPP, made this announcement at the confirmation meeting of the NPP Shillong West Executive Committee under the leadership of Rishan Rapsang. The current MLA of Shillong West, Bah Mohendro Rapsang.
In Pool C, Chilliangraij, Nartiang, Lumkyrwiang, Ksehsylle Ialong and Khimusniang.
The RTIs requested by the AJYWO from time to time, in relation to the Trading License and Employee's Service License, have upset the AJYWO, due to the lack of action by the JHADC in this regard.
He said that he has already met with the Engineer to take an estimate for the Bhowal road and according to the estimate received so far it needs up to T.22 crore and there are still a few remaining estimates. Engineer has not yet completed and it will cost T.25 crore.
Daniel said that through the video, the Seng Samla in collaboration with the NRE Pageant India Private Limited will conduct a public awareness campaign on drugs. .
thok-shi-thok : you can't speak thank you or lie.
Speaking on the beauty of nature, the Prime Minister said that nature threatens us only when we destroy it. an.
For that reason, it’s important to include plenty of protein through your diet.
The meeting was held after receiving complaints from many young recruits to increase the age limit for police recruitment from 27 years to 29 years.
On 25th June, the State Government has approved to relocate all 342 households from Them Metor to Government or Revenue Land.
If you witness children losing this sense of humor in their usual and enjoyable activities it is what can indicate signs of anxiety.
HIV/AIDS is a disease that requires treatment and patients need round-the-clock support.
“We have seen during the pandemic that thousands of trucks have to bring in goods, where if we had trains, we wouldn't have to pay the high price and except for the entry and exit of truck drivers into the state,” he added.
Albinus said that the SHG has now been able to set up a night school for the benefit of those who have dropped out of part-time school in the village. the change in their agriculture and at the same time the unity among the members is strong.
The quarter final will be played between Khliehmuchut Shangpung and Risingsun Mukhla at 2.00 pm tomorrow.
The North Eastern Council was established in
It was also the Honorary Chancellor of Techno Global University, Shillong who lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station in July 2013 when the University received information about these fraudulent activities.
Although many women have spoken out against Rawat's remarks, the prime minister has continued to strongly criticize them for saying things that many may not like.
According to the government's directive, buses should charge half price for those with disabilities.
Nitu (48kg) and Jaismine (60kg) also qualified for the fourth team of the country after performing well in the three-day trials held at the Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium. and won the final attempts to select the players for this year's tournament.
Speaking to media, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that if the government accepts the proposal of the DGP, it will further ignite the demand of the people, who demand to Cheristerfield Thangkhiew has been arrested for allegedly killing Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Especially his mother and father have many thoughts about what his son is like and how he lives.
Seven deaths have been reported from East Khasi Hills District: 03, West Khasi Hills: 03 and one from East Garo Hills. There are 5323 active cases in the State.
It is to be recalled that on the 6th June 2021, or six months ago, the total number of cases of covid-19 in the state was 347 cases. long six months ago.
These demands were expressed by the office bearers of the MJCTUA including President MN Bhattacharjee and General Secretary JL Das at a meeting held today at the parking lot in front of the Additional Secretariat. , Shillong with the participation of hundreds of workers from various groups affiliated to the Union.
“I remember when I arrived in 1990 in that area and it was a big town.
Edmund Khongngai, President of the party, said that the government's action is unacceptable at such a time when the people are suffering from poverty.
There are 298 recoveries and 10 deaths.
“We have had this attitude since ancient times, just because we are in a hurry to complete the work we don't think about the losses in the future.
The two Dorbar Shnongs of Umsohma, Lailad and Umlyngkdait New Tasku have expressed their deep sorrow over the continuation of over-the-counter vehicles to pass through the Lailad Bridge. There is a risk that the bridge will collapse at any time.
According to information from the sources, the woman went missing and left home on the evening of the 15th of this month and since then she has not returned home.
“I'll buy it again if you get the bill,” said Rangsan and asked for a little more food even though he had already eaten two plates.
“While it is true that former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin is the frontrunner for the party's ticket in the upcoming MP elections, the Working President of the HYC has admitted that Kharjahrin is the candidate for the ticket. One of those who expressed his desire to contest from the party in the Lok Sabha elections.
The party has urged the people to be quick to seek information and monitor the work of the government so that the rights of the people will reach according to their allocation, said the Vice President of the BJP. Bashailang Song.
Led by Ohibait Dkhar, the KSU said that it has also found that foreigners are taking advantage of the opportunity to vote by converting to Khasi Pnar.
In this age of smart phones, many people are involved in online gambling.
In my wings there is no escape.
“Are they not the ones who have chosen the children of the thousand?” said John in a statement.
The VPP election song Kongdeng Kongnah composed by Bah Smiling and sung by Samla Skhem Myrboh and music composed by Samla M Nongsteng is the most popular election song in the country. Even people from other countries and states, although they don't understand the meaning of the words, have a feeling. I'm so happy to hear this song.
The unemployment of the youth and others, which the new government has to look into.
Bengaluru FC beat Mumbai City FC 2-1 in the final of the tournament at the Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan (VYBK) in Kolkata.
Her houses shine and attract them.
Today, the team visited two places where the Viksit Bharat program was held in East Khasi Hills District including Mawmihthied and Swer.
Another part is prayer without forgiveness.
Shillong, June 9: The residents of Raid Tynring through Bah Damehi Warpakyntei, Executive Member of the Raid Dorbar, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the actions of the KHADC authorities, as it appeared today, in which no The residents of Raid Tynring were allowed to enter the KHADC premises to stay on hunger strike, but they were allowed to enter through force and forced entry.
Regarding the abduction of the village leader, the residents of the area have staged a strong protest on the 9th of June,
On Thursday, the government had offered to those who were evacuated from Umawli, Mawtari and Mawlong to stay in the poor house in Nongmensong but they rejected the offer. which they decided to fight to regain the land confiscated by the government.
When contacted by the Madanrting Police Station, it was reported that the body of the man was found at 5.30 pm.
In this regard, the NGT has also directed the state government to prepare rules against these illegal factories set up before 2021 within four months.
The CAA was passed in the Lok Sabha in 2019 to recognize foreign minorities such as Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis, Christians from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan living in India before November 21, 2014.
According to a statement sent to the court, about 80,20,200 vehicles on the roads of the state have been fit to operate because they have proper license plates.
It is learned that the speaker was able to speak exactly like the voice of her brother, who is from Canada and claims that he has been involved in a car accident and needs urgent money of T.1.4 lakh. He was arrested that night and urged the woman to deposit the money immediately and not to tell anyone.
He who works hard and is truly righteous is not afraid of anyone and even of death because the peace of his soul is Paradise in his life.
Members of the A'chik Youth Welfare Organization reported on the smuggling of sugar to Bangladesh and urged the Government to curb it.
It is impossible to explain because if the President of Bangladesh knows, Hasina Begum will be angry and the Christian community will be in great danger.
God leaves to you readers this great question to answer for yourselves – “Will he find faith on the earth?” Luke 18:8
The road is a temporary subway road, as the construction of the double lane road is ongoing.
Manipur beat Assam 6-0 in Group-1 on the second day of the 2022 Olympic Games at Polo.
“This issue can be resolved through discussions with the Rangbah Shnong and to ensure that the Governor should accept it,” he said.
Because of this old bridge, trucks carrying more than the stipulated weight cannot pass through this bridge.
One of them is a young man, Samuel Biam (Bah Shamu) who is known as one of the volunteers.
Police have blocked the road, confiscated placards and threatened to arrest the members of CoMSO for reminding them of the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
He said that they have claimed that it has done for the state, but it is the same government which has forgiven the electricity bills of Sai Prakash Company in Byrnihat up to 129 lakh tyngka.
Without hiding what he receives, Bah Sabor said that his MLA salary is T.1.03750 (One lakh three thousand nine hundred and fifty tyngka per month) and from this salary he receives every month. Donations were made to the Puja Committees as a gift to them to celebrate the Puja.
In a Facebook post, the California Highway Patrol said the Toyota Prius may have made a mistake because it did not stop during parking.
When Rupang tried to inquire from many of the employees, as well as the doctors of the hospital, they denied knowing anything about the matter.
May God bless you and your family to have good health, good income, to improve in education and thinking for the development of the country and the nation, concluded. In a statement sent by Samla Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary KSU WJHDU, Yomiki Passah, Publicity Secretary, KSU WJHDU, wishes you a happy Eid. The Seiñraj Jowai would like to congratulate all the leaders of the Seiñraj Jowai from the 6th to the 9th of November. manshwa to preserve the traditional religion.
When asked about the HPC's request for more land from the Government's blueprint, Ma Sniawbha said that such demands are not part of the solution.
In another development, the District Election Officer (DEO) and Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, has announced that the polling day on 27th June, 2023 will be a public holiday.
Police have arrested the BJP leader on Tuesday.
One of the elders, who did not want to be named, said that in fact, even the Police Outpost should have been received by the village especially after the village has donated more than 2 acres of land to the Police Department. Just because the politicians know better, the Outpost has not seen the light of day yet.
He said that crops such as kait and soh trun have already been distributed to the farmers according to the conditions of the land.
We know that from the creation of Adam and Eve, until the time of the destruction of all creation, except those in Noah's ark, was 10 generations and 1565 years. 8 survivors! Isn't it true that the world is filled with sin? If that were the case, what would happen to the world today? How many will be saved?   It is a terrible human life.
He said that illegal activities do not affect only New Delhi or anywhere else, but affect everyone and the youth who have been misled should stop and come forward.
FKJGP West Khasi Hills District, under the leadership of Palwanbor Syiem, President FKJGP WKHD, on Saturday last month, held a meeting to discuss the issue of the people of the area. The union has visited Kyrshai village and during the inspection, the union has found out the problems of the people of this area which the Meghalaya government has been neglecting for many years.
The land owners of Nongkhnum are the Nongsiej clan from Sangriang village under the leadership of Bah Hero and Bah Pius Nongsiej and others.
This has prompted the traffic police to come out once again to repair the road themselves.
Such great thinkers in the form of such writings, in Khasi, we call MYLLUNG. Their writings, that is, POEMS, we call SUR MYLLUNG. Therefore, there are many groups or organizations that do not SHON KHIA. Especially in the wrists there are thighs, which are called PULSE, which are called PULSE, which are called PULSE. pang that ju twad.
It will be a great war that will shake the whole world.
Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD, said that the KSU strongly condemns Chandan Chatterjee, Leader of ABYSO, Kolkata. The KSU, because these allegations of his, are unfounded and which he only wanted to create racial differences.
Speaking on the occasion, these dignitaries expressed their gratitude that the film industry and music video production has started to grow in Ri-Bhoi which is also one of the sources of employment in such a sector. This song is also part of the enrichment of the indigenous language as this song is sung in Bhoi.
Through resource persons, Prof. Shailendra K Singh, Chairman MOOCs, NEHU and Dr. Quendarisa Kharbuli, SWAYAM Co-Ordinator, NEHU, Shillong, expressed their experiences and best efforts to ensure that On the other hand, Professor Singh announced the steps taken by the college to take the lead in conducting such a special workshop and KNGC, Jowai is the first college in Meghalaya to take this step to conduct such a programme.
Announcing this, Bah Metbah said, “You should know that for many years we have been fighting to get our own district and to develop our district. I am pleased that the government has agreed to do so”.
We have a clear working methodology, we have focused on self-employment as the priority to create and create jobs in the state,” he said.
There have been 177 recoveries in the state today.
Besides, the VPP also briefed the Minister on the increase in the price of food items especially rice, the increase in the price of agricultural products, the implementation of load shedding which has affected the people.
There are still many seeds that farmers need support from the government.
The villages near Tyrso start from Umpowin, Mawlasnai, Umtngam, Umru, Umshaktat, Umsder, Umsynrem, Umlatara, Sohphoh, Ingsaw and Mawrathud and others in the Tyrso Valley. Umlet and Umïam Rivers.
Fourthly, if we have to evaluate the character of a leader, we see the strength and maturity of Bah Ardent, not only the courage and understanding. that he stands on a true foundation.
In the women's K1 category, Elizabeth Vincent of Meghalaya came third while in the Kayak Cross category, Elizabeth came first.
The union is against the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is only 1 kilometer away from the mining site for Star Cement by the government. It is located near the Eco Sensitive Zone (ECZ) and is only about 0.25 km from the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
“The farmers have asked for an answer from the Education Department, what is the Government's target to reduce the part-time dropout rate of children in their villages? Free Coaching Center so that the children of farmers can train themselves in various examinations like JEE, NEET and others as the children of farmers also want to sit for the MPSC examination. The question is why the Government has not yet eliminated the kilo cut,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
“This disease can even take a life if you don’t take timely treatment.
M Kharkrang, IPS, retired police chief, is one of the candidates for the MLA election from 17-North Shillong from the BJP party. Malcolm Najiar and the President of the Mandal handed over the ticket to the State President Ernest Mawrie.
It is true that our ancestors were wise and intelligent, when they established foundations or did any work they did it with understanding and it was appropriate according to the times in which they lived.
Speaking to media, Bah Fantin said that about 80% of the shopkeepers in Laitumkhrah have followed the rules by providing the necessary documents but there are still many who do not know about the rules. and the need to pay Professional Tax.
According to information received from various media and public media, the Forest Police and the Assam Police have seized a timber truck on the border of Meghalaya and Assam. At 3 to 5 pm, these trucks fled the scene and the Assam police drove them about 5-10 kilometers to the Meghalaya border and seized the truck. and a Maruti 800, which transported rice to the same place.
Hearing this, the Court decided that the case will be heard together with another case from Kerala as it has a connection with the case filed by the State Government against the college teachers. The Meghalaya High Court has ruled that Bolej teachers can take part in political activities by becoming members of political parties.
In its final decision, the Meghalaya High Court has urged the Government not to proceed if it has introduced the Roster System.
Khasi players have now improved in the field of football and Meghalaya has been called the state of football and the home of the lightning.
"The meeting was held on 21st June by the Minister of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and others. Government employees to discuss this issue.
The case was investigated by SI MA Marak and SP East Khasi Hills.
Meghalaya needed to win this match after losing in the first match against Mizoram 4-2
The union also urges the government not to award such projects to state construction agencies like PWD, MGCC, PHE, MeECL and others so that it will become a source of employment for the contractors. They don't have the right to implement such projects by dividing or distributing them.
Nabindu Das scored 64 runs off 39 balls.
“I am pleased that the participants are women and men,” said Bah Sunn.
There is a slight decrease in the deaths of children under five years of age due to malnutrition, the report said.
Who can warn you not to die while you are sinning and not to fall into the pit of hell? Isn't it just a fool who cuts off his hand in the hope that the doctor will heal it? Therefore, my friend, don't trust in tomorrow, saying, 'I'll think again.
Recently, former Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh and KHNAM candidate BL Nongbri, whom Teiborlang Pathaw contested against in 2018, have supported him this time.
Next month, the High Court will hear the case.
Guwahati: The Assam government will pay a one-time compensation of T.2.5 lakh to a widow from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund.
Now that it has started to be screened at Bijou Cinema Hall, I would like to request you all to give your support and as from time to time I have said that the support for these Khasi films is support to the talented youth from actors, actresses, cameramen, make-up and everything else.
“I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and I will do it” Isaiah 46:8-1
Today, a group of tourists from Maharashtra, Chennai and other places, came to witness the skits performed by the children of Sieng Riti and were amazed to see the skills of the children. This is the first time I've heard of Sieng Riti Institute, Wahkhen.
The 38 teams include Karan Johar's Dharma Productions, Ajay Devgn Films, Salman Khan, Aamir Khan and Shah Rukh Khan.
Earlier, police had arrested Monalisa Shangpliang, 22, Mamuni Parveen, Tarisha Mary Kharbamon, Madan Bahadur Thapa of Jhalupara and a guard of the hotel.
“We have seen the behavior of the people from Delhi, in which they have cut off all the schemes that the state should have received for giving unfounded reasons,” he said.
“Of course, there is a law that does not allow the network to extend 2 km from the border and if the network jams across the border, the company has to pay lakhs to the government, but this should not be a problem for them. people who live on the border," he said.
But take the example of the brother of the prodigal son who repented before the father shut the door of the wedding feast when his brother returned.
Besides money, we now see that the candidates are using another method: to donate donations, such as clothes, furniture, blankets and others.
Chairman JJ Shadap, Vice Chairman Rojen Sten, Secretary Alos Nongpoh, Assistant Secretary S Shadap and 40 members of the Executive Committee including Rangbah Shnong. villages, chiefs and elders of the area.
G.Suchen and the winners of the Beach Futsal tournament won by Team A and Team B.
It is that which produces or moves or stirred up the heart that when it cannot be to others.
Replying to a question regarding the Meghalayan Age Festival to be held at Thadlaskein in West Jaintia Hills District, Dr Mukul said it is up to the government to think how to do it. Almost all the states in India have suspended all public gatherings due to the Coronavirus.
The stone throwing by the people has increased even during the curfew, as well as the throwing of lights by the police has increased and reached the ground floor of houses.
According to sources, the woman is currently undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital.
Therefore – “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of Samla Losbingnel Lyngkhoi has launched a surprise inspection of the Riangdo Market of the Hima. garbage dumping, poor sanitation and lack of adequate waste disposal facilities.
Others present on the occasion were Prof. (Dr) Vandana Raphael, Dean, NEIGRIHMS, Hima Das and Babetlin Hynniewta, Tutors, College of Nursing, NEIGRIHMS and others.
Nongpoh, Lber 21: The Shad Sajer Committee of the Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka today decided to cancel the Shad Sajer festival which was scheduled to be held on the 23rd of this month at Lum Wortoh. The Council has re-appointed Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka and terminated the term of office of Bah Pillarstone Syiem Nongshai as the Acting Sirdar.
“It will all depend on the proposals from the various departments that have been identified to implement this fund,” he said. for example, Soil Conservation, Water Resources, Mining & Geology, Forest, Pollution Board and others”.
The Council Service Rule 1981, Rule 9, also stipulates that the EC may create permanent or temporary posts within the budget estimate of the Council.
Because of misunderstanding, the conversation between them was recorded.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has ordered to lodge a complaint against these 41 persons, including the marriage registrars, after a thorough investigation into the incident. They have received permission to attend the wedding ceremony which was held on 27th July 2020 at Greenwood Resort in Khanapara, Assam.
“Shynrai Lakadong has a lot of medicinal properties known as curcumin and compared to other varieties of Shynrai this Shynrai Lakadong is the best and everyone demands this Shynrai from making herbal medicine and cooking. “We will look for ways and means to revive this project so that the project will be successful,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
However, we know that these words destroy the value of humanity and the value of the nation! The conversion of intelligent and famous people into animals has still put the society of the world on the verge of terrible darkness. , because it is very difficult to think how to explain or convince people 'what is good and what is evil,' because when wise and famous people say or do something strange and who are without knowledge.
Conrad said the meeting of the political parties will be held on Thursday and within 10 days it will be explained to all those who will participate from the political parties, village leaders and religious leaders.
The union wants to ask the state police department why it has not been able to arrest Vicky Dey who has been registered a case since last year but has not been arrested yet.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said, “It is a great loss to lose our leader, but we should not lose hope but we should follow in the footsteps and example of Dr Donkupar. led us astray.
Speaking on his mission as DGP, Jain said that the ongoing Operation Hillstorm-3 to curb insurgency in Garo Hills will continue under his supervision.
Speeches were delivered by the speakers including the candidate who asked for the support of the people to allow him to work for the constituency, Bah Banang Tyngsong , Secretary, Meghalaya State Youth Congress Committee, and other office bearers of the Congress Party of Mawkyrwat.
In Group-B, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Delhi, Manipur, Mizoram and Railways.
At the time of writing, the patient is undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
His brother, Rajen Roy, when he was a child, took the name Rowland Roy Thomas.
Bah Thabah, Officer in charge of the Civil Sub Division, promised to announce publicly or publish advertisements from now on, by posting them on the notice boards of various departments.
According to police sources, I Love You Talang is also a murderer who has many cases at Jowai Police Station.
The last rites of Nidayophi were held today.
The Senior Pastor of the KJP Synod Sepngi, C.Jyrwa, who has retired from his post, has passed away today.
The father, awakened by the noise, suddenly got up to shout for help.
It is not right to criticize or condemn mistakes, because we are human beings who still make many mistakes.
TULBA Sohryngkham Unit President Bah Kyrshanlang Nongbri gave a sermon from the Word of God on the occasion of the Christmas celebration by TULBA in Mawkyrwat.
Earlier, the MLA scheme was allocated only Rs 10 lakh per annum but now it has been increased to Rs 2.50 crore.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh urged all the faithful of Jowai to cooperate with the new Bishop so that the Diocese and the society can flourish.
When they were able to ask where he came from and where he went, the RBYF members and the village leader of Syad-rit, immediately informed the Umsning Police Station. , that they seized the foreigner from the house and took him to the Police Station.
The BJP will rise in the name of Modi especially in Garo Hills and some parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, Bah Gill Warjri President of UCPF, said that as a group, we are deeply saddened to see that this road is not safe for the people who walk and stand and come and go. The witness also has been involved in an accident.
There were also 40 Matriculation students and 21 Class XII students and most of them are from Ri-Lum Garo who will not be able to sit for these examinations next year. ban against them , on the charge of committing illegal activities during the examination.
He said that there will be a Columbia Model of Residential School, where the CM through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs has already allocated up to T.20 crore. The scheme will be a great blessing to the students of Ri Bhoi, because through this scheme, special assistance will be given to the students who are Riewlum.
Through the cooperation of all, he hopes that it will be a great benefit to the District and the country as a whole. it doesn't produce any inheritance.
However, this time the Election Commission of India has issued a strong warning that no party or candidate can use children in their election campaigns or rallies.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has violated the rules of Covid-19 by leaving his residence after five days even though he had to quarantine himself. that he tested positive for Covid-19 on 21st July
“We have taken note of this and I will ensure that the MoUs signed and cancelled, we will also sign agreements with NEEPCO as well as other PSUs of the central government,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Electricity, said:
Bah Ardent also spoke on many issues during the 50 minutes scheduled by the Lamphang and advocated for the government's neglect of MCCL which is one of the factories that has benefited the people. you Sohra.
If the people understand that many, thousands of people will be eager to come forward for the Lok Sabha elections, not just from the Congress party,” Saleng told reporters on Monday.
In the U-12 women's category, Cheaha Nikgame G Momin won the first prize, Amaziah Gapesa Ch Marak won the second prize and Veronia Severa S Sangma won the third prize. Cherikra K Sangma won the first prize and Joana John Marak won the special prize.
He admonished the children not to fall into bad habits that will destroy them, but to be diligent in their studies, to listen and obey their parents.
For a long time, the government has deducted 1% from the income of contractors to distribute muster rolls in the State.
They said that from the beginning, there were no full or permanent posts and today, interviews were called for three posts, as in these years there are only acting officers.
The order was issued by a bench of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh on a PIL filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai.
“It was found that the district administration has tried to help the victims but it has not been successful because until today, no assistance has been received except food,” said Bah Kurkalang.
On these grounds, the Seng said that the Laskein CRD Block deserves to be upgraded to improve the service delivery to the people of the area especially to the villages on the border.
This action of the Assam police has been an insult to Meghalaya.
The kidnappers dragged the two men into the forest and broke the bicycle in the area near the road.
Only children under 14 years of age will take part in the competition.
Titash died after the ambulance was stopped for three hours during the visit of the Joint Secretary to the Bangladesh government.
They were raped by their son Bunsing Rymbai who is also known as 'Pun'
The Khasi seed has been buried underground and the Khasi seed has never grown again.
Now let us turn to what happened in the 7th Dorbar of the KHADC. On the opening day of the Dorbar, on the 23rd July, there was a heated argument and debate which lasted for some time. The opposition and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, have been involved in the dispute over the election of the Syiem in Malai Sohmat, which was led by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah P.N. The Syiem has strongly criticized the EC for not allowing the election of the Syiem from the Iawrod clan.
He also congratulated the Association of Weavers on this day even though they are women but they have been able to organize this important program which is necessary to teach from generation to generation to preserve the traditional culture for the survival of the nation. The Umden Nongtluh area is also famous for the production of ryndia which is also known as the Eri Silk Village.
Referring to the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code, Pala said that this is the BJP's election campaign issue. Article 370 has been repealed in Jammu and Kashmir.
The message by Rev. IW Nongsiej was based on the Gospel of Luke 19:28-40 which is about the entry of Jesus Christ into Jerusalem as King before His crucifixion, while the Pharisees They opposed and told Jesus to stop. Jesus' answer was that if he stopped, the stones and trees would fall.
“How can a qualified and elected officer be wrong,” said the HYC Nongthliew in a petition to the Minister of Rural Development and demanded that the JE should be removed from Mairang and to bring in another one to avoid the confusion and loss of benefit to the people.
Novin Gurung (14) and Parvaj Bhuiya (74) scored for Lajong while Gamelial Kharlyngdoh scored for Sawmer in the 67th and 71st minutes.
Coming also expressed his confidence that the NPP will come back to power in Khasi and Jaintia Hills after the MDC elections scheduled for next year.
In the last six years, the number of medical colleges in the country has increased significantly.
The themes of the first seven days are 'SampoornaSwasthya', 'SuposhitPariwaar', 'Swachhta', 'Krishi', 'Shiksha', and 'SamridhiDiwas'
A small torch was recovered from the drone. The purpose of the drone was to enable drug traffickers to see it on the ground after being dropped in the border areas of the country. , he said.
In one of the studies of 65 patients over the age of 60 who were at risk of cardiovascular disease, it was found that those who drank water from the rynsun shows evidence of healthier blood cells after ten years.
Perhaps at that time it will be able to do something, and that too if the Central Government listens to its advice.
The purpose of this initiative is to connect producers from rural and remote districts to the global export network.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the Local MLA, Shitlang Pale, for the donation of a garbage truck to the Umkiang Village Council. Umkiang Village, especially in terms of cleanliness, around Umkiang Village.
The union also expresses its gratitude and wishes to all the people working in the health department from doctors, nurses and others to be healthy and we hope that through their dedication Their efforts and the spirit to endure the challenges of the future will always remain in the memory of your footsteps.
Earlier, the nine members of the crematorium had left to continue the inspection of the crematoria at Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills.
In the speech of the family members, the Longkmie organizations and the village leaders, strongly condemned the incident.
Shillong Baking Company offers a wide variety of brewed coffee and healthy foods.
The Rath Yatra to the Jagannath Temple, which used to be attended by thousands of people on the beach in Puri, has been banned. For the public, the covid 19 pandemic.
Traditional skills were performed through dance and song in the Cultural programme.
The program was organized in collaboration with St. Edmunds College, Shillong, Faith Foundation, Childline Shillong and the office of the District Child Protection Unit, East Khasi Hills.
“This bloodshed is also a sign of the violence against Christians in which more than 249 churches have been destroyed in the Imphal Valley of Manipur,” the petition said. it has affected all men, women and children and besides the loss of homes.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, LSN Garod Dyke, has issued an order ban ban the import of pigs from outside the district. from abroad and from one village to another.
In the Under 14 (Girls), the events will be 60 M, 600 M, Long Jump, High Jump and Shot Put.
Because this race takes its lineage from the mother, other races believe that women are strong and hold authority in their families.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Lam Kharkongor on behalf of his father, Bahrit Devin Kharsyntiew and congratulated the Durbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar and the MN&VA for celebrating the Golden Jubilee Year of Bahrit Devin Kharsyntiew. you can't die newspapers.
“The Government has to clarify on the establishment of the Society between the IIPH and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare because it shows that it is just a ploy to deceive,” he said. This is not based on any Expression of Interest (EOI) issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Doesn't this gradually affect health? The roads in Laitumkhrah, which are used by hundreds of vehicles every day, are small.
In this way, there are other kurs who do not count other animals or plants as sacred.
This can be achieved through many means, such as creating educational institutions and infrastructure in underdeveloped areas, providing equal opportunities to all, and ensuring that the rights of all the nations will be protected".
Excise Police said that during the raid, they have arrested four persons involved in this case and seized 7 liters of kyiad, 650 ml of beer. liters of beer were seized, 13 cans of beer cans of 7 liters were seized and these beverages will be handed over to the court and these four persons will be summoned to appear in court.
Therefore, let us renew and improve our lives as the new year is approaching.
According to the rules, the land must be located near the national highway or state highway and must have up to 1000 sq feet, a width of 15 feet and access to electricity. , water and garbage dumps.
Don't tell others because they don't know.
One incident after another, it surprises and confuses, whether the laws and decisions of the Supreme Court of the country work? Since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of coal in the form of coal mines and the High Court has released it only if the Government implements the laws and mining practices in accordance with the science they will be “scientifically mining” us.
Speech was also delivered by Bah T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner SWKHD and short speeches by the beneficiaries of the NRLM, PMAY-G, MGNREGS and other schemes.
However, it is surprising that after the MePDCL department on the 29th of this month had planned to demolish these electricity posts, they were forcibly closed down and sent back to the Police Battalion of the government. Assam, where the violence by the Assam Police has caused a great loss to the residents of Sabuda, as the village which is on the border with Assam has not yet received a to the Electric Board.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93437 out of which 91671 have recovered and 1577 have died.
Speaking at the graduation function in Mawkyrwat, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills, said, “Such programs are very useful for us officers to learn. to encourage us how we can serve better for the community and the state as a whole.
Duplicate marksheets can be submitted at +919383052286, +9
The arrest of this man was made after receiving a tip that a man had left Guwahati with the intention of smuggling drugs to Shillong. Police have arrested a man in a tourist taxi (ML-05-Q-2749) at Byrnihat.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent and Pastor Basaiawmoit said that the BJP is also a Dkhar party, it does not suit the minorities, the Congress is also a Dkhar party, the difference is only the uniform.
He said the government should think carefully before taking a final decision to build the shopping mall as the land is small and it will cause more traffic jam in these areas. of Baric Point.
Chetia also denied any involvement in the shooting of five workers in Tinsukia.
Regarding the education department, the union expressed its deep concern and said that it is time to have an office of the Joint Director of Schools Education & Literacy to improve education in the area.
Odamon Tang 3.
By Bah Philip Marwein The voice of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia has become louder and louder that many of them want to see an MP candidate from the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and KHNAM parties. , NCP, NPP and BJP. They want such a person to contest the MP elections to be held in June-June,
Besides, three MLAs, Metbah Lyngdoh, Lakmen Rymbui and Ardent Basaiawmoit, three Hima Chiefs, three Civil Society members, Toki Blah and Patricia Mukhim were appointed. The Committee, which has met four times, has not listened to any other suggestions, but in one voice, There are civil society organizations that have proposed a card system, but many churches have not accepted it.
Members of the union also found that there are only two puh shi lum and said that it is due to the lack of puh shi lum that the NHAI employees have not been able to clean up the soil. Members of KSU Narpuh expressed their surprise that the NHAI has not taken any action to repair the dams along the NH-6 , the union vows that if the union does not take such action, the union will not hesitate to show its work so that the NHAI and the government will listen.
? Bahdeng replied, “One hundred percent.
The party also met with a number of MPs from Shillong including Vincent Pala, MP from Shillong, Purno A Sangma, MP from Tura and Wansuk Syiem, Rajya Sabha MP. They will follow up and take action to discuss the matter.
In the women's 14 to 15 kg category, Naphilawanbet Nongsiej in the 45 kg category, Merry Christian Wriang in the 38 kg category, Alphonsa Zinia Wriang in the 36 kg category and at the age of 12-13 years.
Nikhla has been in office for six months but has been dismissed.
“What the BJP has done as happened in Manipur, Goa, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and other states has severely undermined democracy in the country, and I hope this will happen in this state. state too," he added.
The union also said that the price set does not agree with the price set by the Tura Municipal Board.
Dr Mukul said that due to the changes in the political activities in the past few months, he knows that in the coming months, it is not clear what will happen in 2023, especially after the elections. Shillong: Twelve Congress MLAs have decided not to attend the AITC. Shillong: The Cherry Blossom Festival has come to a standstill at the Polo Ground this evening. , that a large number of people, who were prevented from entering, the stadium at the 3rd Ground of Polo.
Such people do not follow the orders of the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, they also say that they are not afraid of Covid 19, and they do not think well of themselves, such people are more afraid of the police. The most dangerous thing is that when they reach the village, they first go to the houses of the people, and if such people get infected with Covid 19, what will happen to them? social life in their village.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Government on Tuesday approved the Service Rules of the MPSC through the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
KSU Narpuh Circle today lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (KSU) against the Addl SP, Dy SP and police involved in the bomb blast. lathi even women and children in the incident which happened on the 24th of this month at Thangskai village, during a public hearing at Thangskai.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Khliehriat Town Unit and Ladrymbai Unit on November 8, 2013, met with the Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa who is also in charge of the Traffic Department. Due to the heavy traffic jam every day in the Ladrymbai and Khliehriat market areas from morning till evening.
“We urge the government and the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to immediately inspect this river to find out for themselves, and if the government does not take action to maintain and preserve the dohum in this river KSU Narpuh Circle Vice President Samla Phanuel Tongper said that the KSU Narpuh Circle will not hesitate to protest against the government or even to lodge a PIL.
Now if you compare this with the NPP, the NPP has won only a few seats and even in the ADCs it is the UDP which has won more but due to the absence of the Tenth Schedule. The NPP is currently leading the EC in KHADC.
Furthermore, the reporters also spoke to a woman named Kong Warjri from Khliehshnong Sohra village who said that the vendors in Nohkalikai are expecting to earn money. There are tourists from far away places and not from Khasi who come only during the rainy season while foreign tourists come every day.
On the part of the government, most of the time when we meet with them, the answers we get is that there are no guidelines to provide assistance to the filmmakers and producers in the state.
The Vatican has held a three-week meeting to discuss with church leaders the demands of the Amazon faithful, the Daily Mail reported.
MeECL has also sold 49.13 million units of electricity to GEPL worth T.9.58 crore from July 21 to March 15, 2013 at T.1.95 paisa per unit. More surprisingly, it has sold electricity to the same company at the price of T.4.75 per unit and this action of MeECL shows that it has given excessive assistance to this company.
If we don't take responsibility for the construction of roads or the supply of water to the villages, we shouldn't complain that the roads are broken and the water is not enough to reach us. to all the villages.
The judges of the competition were Jolly from Assam and two singers from the state, Gracyl Ropmay and Sanat Basaiawmoit.
Meanwhile, Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS, Dr.AC Phukan, admitted to The Shillong Times that the operation on the boys was conducted on three days from Friday last week.
The VPP is also ready to take over the rule of the KHADC.
After the meeting, the President of HYC Dangar-Balat Border Circle, Bah Marconi Snaitang, said that the people are afraid to pass through the bridge because it has not been completed yet. There is a problem with the traffic of the people of the area especially if it happens at any time.
it shall endure for ever” Daniel 2:4
If they fail to pay the fine, they will be arrested and prosecuted under Sections 135 and 126 of the Electricity Act 2003 and Amendment Act 2007 and imprisoned for up to three years. years together with a fine of money.
For the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF), out of an allocation of T.182.43 crore, the government has released T.51.58 crore during the year, leaving T.130.85 crore unused at the end of the year. year 2022-23.
She talked to people with disabilities and also listened to the success stories they told.
It is learned that as soon as the service ended, some of the children took the song and took the book, while others are still keeping it. They have taken and destroyed as much as they can, but there are still some that are still good.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
The HYC also demands that other network companies including Airtel, Vodafone, BSNL should provide network in Pynursla area, otherwise the HYC will take strong action against them. .
As we often say, our organization is different from other organizations.
Nuts : These nuts such as Shana budam, cashew are rich in protein and healthy fats.
In fact, Adidas has decided to burn down these shoes which cannot be sold but changed its mind later and decided to donate them to people who cannot afford to buy them. juti as well as to the poor and needy.
Regarding this stingy estimate of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, several journalists have met with the EM in charge of the Trade Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor at his office.
He said that the village of Umden Umsaitprah has been able to build this tourist attraction near the Umïam River with the assistance from HDFC Bank through the CSR known as HDFC Parivatan.
Trivulzio denied the wrongdoing, but said the test kits were too scarce and available for only 10,000 people.
He said that in 2010, three tenderers had submitted tenders for the implementation of the project but they were rejected after they failed to provide the required documents. by this you tnad.
Police have registered a case against them at Lumdiengjri PS and charged them under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
During the day we had to hide in the forest and continue our journey at about 5 pm.
Bah Pynïaid urged all the MDCs to cooperate especially when it is an issue that affects the nation.
Many of them expressed concern that this protest may lead to violence, as there has been too much violence and handshaking.
Regarding the Pineapple Processing, he said that it will be a place to store Sohtrun and from the Sohtrun that has been stored at this place, it will be built in many parts which can be produced through the Pineapple Processing. Sohtrun, which will also be a source of benefit to the farmers and also an employment opportunity for many unemployed youth.
The motorcycle was on its way to enter the Civil Hospital.
More than a month passed, and the mother, as a weak woman, wanted to reveal something so that she could talk.
The tournament will continue on the 7th between Laitkyrhong SC and Nongrah SC at 11:30 pm and Nongkrem SC against Sohryngkham SC at 2:30 pm.
Jemimah also played a great role in her journey with the national team which reached the end of its journey in the semifinals with a defeat to Australia.
In this ksing and Mastieh Niam only men, because women have their own part.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05 : Teachers' Day is celebrated every year on the 5th of November which is also the birthday of the great thinker of the country and former President of India Dr. Sarvepalli. Radhakrishnan, District School Education Officer and Sub-Divisional School Education Officer today celebrated the 61st Teachers' Day at the District Library in Nongpoh to congratulate the teachers. The contribution is to improve the quality of students and education especially to develop students.
During these three days of the tournament, there were also many talented players who were qualified to win the players' awards. In the women's category, the senior category went to Rebeca Nongspung of Providence School and the junior category went to Emika. D Myrthong of B.K.
“We will continue our indefinite strike from Tuesday next month if the talks with Bah Donald P.Wahlang, Addl.Chief Secretary of the State in charge of the Education Department, are not successful. “said the President of AMSSASTA in an interview with this reporter.
In Wales, 18 people have died, bringing the total to 369 and 367 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 5,2
After the meeting with the DMHO, the CORP has set a deadline of 20 days to send doctors to the PHC, and urged the health authorities to take action to ensure that the people do not face any problems. .
That's what you're saying.
The HYC said that the Prime Minister in his speech, did not say anything on the strengthening of the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids, Dorbars Hima, Dorbars, Nokmas and even the District Councils.
This is the process in which we are involved in the hope that we can ensure that these specialists receive at least 6 months training before they go to the various hospitals. need their services," she said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games will be held from 17th to 21st June 2020 in Shillong.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya has sent the MRSSA Amendment Bills 2020 to the State Government and it is still with the State Government. The MRSSA will be sent back to the Governor of the State.
So far, 4,600 people have been killed in Israel's offensive into Gaza and 1,400 in Israel in Hamas attacks.
This is the first time to appoint a Commission to follow up exactly and thoroughly so that these issues can be resolved immediately within the education department, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The union thanks the Government for announcing that it will provide 1000 tyngka per month to the registered Meghalaya Building and Construction Workers and the union requests the Government to provide food items such as rice, wheat, umphniang. ,dai ,shini etc because many of us need food and not money in this difficult time.
Police have registered a case under Section 7/8 of the POCSO Act at Tura Women PS and the investigation has been handed over to Sub Inspector Renu D. Momin.
“He is no longer our leader, he doesn't need to explain what we should do, why he should interfere, we will resign at the right time, he doesn't need to explain to us, we are adults” said Prestone Tynsong while talking to reporters at the Shad Nongkrem.
The team was led by Donny Ranee and coach Lorenza Songthiang.
Therefore, these three persons will be charged with violating the rules of the use of substances that affect the health of the public.
Brisbane will also become Australia's third city to host the Summer Olympics after Melbourne took part in 1956 and Sydney in 2000.
The number of candidates who have been elected without the need to contest the election is after the withdrawal of candidates who intend to contest against their names.
Before the prayers for the sick, there will be a Eucharistic Mass led by Rev.Fr.Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese. (Fathers) from different Parishes of the State of Jowai.
Shillong, March 31 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, has vowed to take strict action against the erection of unauthorized check gates/toll gates and illegal collection of money from passing vehicles. on National Highways, State Highways and other highways within the District.
If anyone speaks evil and doesn't want to believe, he himself will be caught first and throw his other friends into the same pit.
He also criticized the Congress MLAs, saying that without going to these days, the people are suffering from the increase in crime, the decline in income, the rule of law, the morality and dignity in the society. This has happened only because of the corruption and embezzlement of money by the Congress MLAs and the misrule of the Congress, led by Dr Mukul Sangma.
This was seen and discovered by the district authorities and by those who took part in the march.
After the arrest of the suspect and the seizure of heroin, the police have registered a case against him under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
“The Dalmia Cement Ltd's negligence against the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong even after they opposed the garbage collection shows clearly that this factory does not respect any of the village arrangements, so the FKJGP is with the village authorities and if necessary “It's a good idea to have a public support for Thangskai,” said Sumer.
Shilanti was in Kolkata on the day of Anwarul's murder and returned to Dhaka with one of Anwarul's killers, Amanullah Aman, on 15th June
The injured were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
He said that this is not the first time that Khasi people have been killed by the Assam police and all this is due to the inability of the Meghalaya government to take action and especially the delay in setting up a police station in Assam. border.
The bronze medal winners were Banrap Syiem Malngiang (40kg), Deiti Loina Sunn (38kg), Badhun Syiemïong (40kg) and La-I-Matti Makri (52kg).
Marak said the turnout will reach 80-85 per cent.
Jaintia Hills District today has been severely affected by heavy rainfall in the past 24 hours. The landslide and the flooding of the Myntdu River have severely affected the markhap villages through which the river flows.
He said that the process has been long until the Mawshynrut Circle will get a fully functional office and urged the office bearers of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle to be within the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the KSU Mawshynrut Circle. many sides.
He said that the government has been driving a private vehicle for more than 10 years but he has never been searched for commercial vehicles from time to time. their documents.
In Singapore, 34,366 people have been infected, 20,727 have recovered and 23 have died.
I have been an MLA for decades. Have you ever seen such incidents?”
Speaking to media, Prestone said that to bring the government and the people closer together in the 11 districts, the state government has decided to start first. to set up Mini Secretariats in the two oldest districts, one in Tura and one in Jowai.
The Seng has warned the owner of this petrol pump to improve the meter and the measurement and demanded that all the employees who cheat the people should be dismissed. The KSU has closed down the Petrol Pump.
How many will be charged when the Bai light is not on.
The farmer, Andrew, showed his own snake dress in a video posted on TikTok and then the snakes' spread in the fields in New South Wales.
Nongrum said that the formation of KHNAM is to fight for the solution of the problems of the people, not to fight for leadership. peace and this will be with Bah Saibon.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Central East Circle, Shillong, this morning at about 1:45 pm, has arrested a truck (ML 10 B 8420) carrying cows. Bangladesh is not a country.
Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, will be the Convener of the Committee.
In a statement, Bah Vivek Syiem said that the meeting has decided not to allow anyone to sit in the forest and if anyone is found selling or drinking drugs or alcohol, they will be arrested and they shall be punished according to these rules.
“However, according to my understanding, the bill cannot come into force without the approval of the Governor.
“According to the documents received from the Deputy Commissioner, three households did not appear in the list issued by the DC as land owners,” she said.
The lockdown without science and logic will continue to solve many problems even after the decline of covid1
:The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held its first Public Hearing inside the South West Khasi Hills District through the Delimitation Committee for the Delimitation Bill for the 29 Ministers and Rangbah Shnongs from all over the Ranikor Constituency and Mawkyrwat Constituency were present. to express their views at the office of the District Council located at Pyndenpar (Jakrem).
One of these species of birds is the bird called PURALIA. This bird PURALIA knows, is very intelligent and shows a different ability to make and shape the skum that sits on a tree.
On this occasion, the Minister said that the Government has been working with the Dorbar Shnongs to 'use nature to solve the environmental problem', giving the example of 'Phytoremediation method' to clean up Wah Lukha. Algae plant is used to clean the river and help the river environment.
Lato scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 56th minute and Wanboklang Wahlang scored the seventh goal in the 60th minute.
On the 2nd, at the church service, a ksew came into the church and struck the bird and it fled outside, but as soon as the bird fled, it came back. and fall in the same place, where she came first, said the Pastor.
According to sources, the son of the child was identified as Balajied Nongrum.
Most of those arrested are young children who have been addicted to this alcoholic beverage which affects the physical and mental health.
The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that the VPP will not deceive the people but will stand firm on the ground.
“The UDP party has many leaders,” said Dr Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the UDP who is also the MLA of Nongthymmai constituency.
Proper cleaning of the teeth, cleaning of the teeth, proper cleaning of the thylliej, will ensure healthy teeth.
Upon finding the song, the garbage collector immediately informed the village authorities who rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation and to take away the bleeding child. wrap it in a plastic bag.
The State team led by Kong Ïaikyntiew Nongkynrih, who lost 3-1 in the first Group-E match in Odisha, did not play well in the second match.
The closing date for receipt of nominations will be on 2nd June.
Meghalaya scored 235 runs in the tie.
In the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the damage was not severe, except for the loss of electricity wires and trees.
She is angry and disappointed if there are any complaints against the Ministers from her party, such as the scams of the Ministry of Social Welfare, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Home Affairs. day.
U 1 ruh kumto, U 2 ruh kumto, U 3 —-I don't know how to eat Mluh.
Thus…….
Although Bah Pynshngaiñ said that before the UDP can appeal to the Governor on 9 issues, it should withdraw from the PDF, but the UDP has not done so and has said that it will appeal to the Governor. The Governor of Meghalaya has recently said that it will apply for the investigation of the House Committee set up by the House.
Before the election, when all the candidates were filing their nomination papers in one voice, they said that they would support each other if the ticket goes to anyone.
It is also interesting that the Government this year has set the theme for World Environment Day, “Think, Eat, Save”.
Manbha K Khongwir Secretary of the club together with Samran R Syiem, spokesperson of the club said that the other two clubs in the tournament are Sudeva FC and Sreenidhi FC. The I-League season for Ryntih SC and two clubs that have already signed up for the tournament is for the year 2021-2
The Steel Fabrication Industries (Factories) which have opened their doors have been destroyed, they have been allowed to build buildings but without factories to make grills, windows, how can the work go on?
Khliehriat, June 27: The residents of Umlaper village, East Jaintia Hills District, have set a deadline until Saturday for the dewbilat company, Amrit Cement Ltd, to remove the road blockage. The villagers did not hesitate to come out to clean the well.
The party's intention to conduct a public awareness campaign in the state for the upcoming elections has prompted the Minister to visit the state again as part of strengthening the party's implementation methods.
Commenting on the raid by the two parties on his shop, the Jaintia Sengbhalang leader said that if they really love the jaitbynriew why did they come to raid only one shop owned by him? “I know that in Jaintia Hills there are many Benami jobs, why did they come to raid only my shop?” said Dapoiwanmi. He also accused the JYF and JSU leaders in the FIR of the CEM of JHADC who authorized them to come.
The Khooid Ya ka Wah Myntdu said that all the soil from the construction of the road has been dumped along the highway and this soil along with the rain has flowed into the Myntdu River.
He said that the slow availability of foreign trucks to transport dewbilat from the companies in Jaintia Hills has severely affected the livelihood of the state residents and what is more surprising is how the district councils and the state government has not done anything about it.
“When we went to the offices to apply for a loan, we were asked whether we have a land title, because we don't have it, we don't find it. We have been able to get loans because we don't have land, but now we have received land which is a real blessing to us all.
“This government's move to include it in the MBoSE syllabus is part of the efforts to promote and 'spread' the Christian faith among the students especially those who are still in the Khasi religion by encouraging them to “We demand that the government should immediately remove the book 'Dienjat Ki Longshwa' from the syllabus of MBoSE,” said the Seng Khasi Mawsynram in a letter to the chairman of MBoSE. or to delete chapters 4,12,14,17,21,24,25,49,50,51,52 and 53 if the Government still wishes to continue to publish this book as a textbook to the school because this is a non-religious India," they added.
The protest was organized by the Achik Democracy for Empowerment (ADE), the Achik Youth Welfare Organization (AYO), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Federation of Achik Freedon (FAF). The Garo Students Union, West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) and other organizations under the umbrella of the Joint Action Committee on Border of Meghalaya.
Marcelo Bielsa has been appointed as manager and leader of Uruguay's international football team in a social agreement with the United States, the Western Football Federation said. to carry out the work until the resumption of the 2026 World Cup.
“Another incident was in July or November, police entered Mukroh village near the Rangbah Shnong's house and opened fire. little one who doesn't know anymore"
He also appealed to all the residents of Ri Bhoi to elect their leaders with the knowledge of people and knowledge of God and to cooperate with the government authorities for the smooth running of the country. “The election will be held in a orderly manner so that it will not affect the peace and order of the people in the district,” he added.
One of the key areas highlighted by the Election Commission of India (ECI) is the increase in voter turnout especially among women, youth and people with disabilities.
The Chief Minister said that the government, after submitting the report of the Judicial Inquiry Commission in the House, will convene the tactical team I. “The government will invite the technical teams of Team 1 to clarify these allegations,” he said.
“Bah Mylliem said that the PDF has held meetings with the leaders of the zonal committees of these two constituencies in the past few months.
The inspired prophecy, the Psalmists, “The Bible itself says, “Be holy, holiness is its teaching, its essence, is that we should be holy, and that we should obey the Lord. Father You God.
You don't have to be faithful to anything.
Khliehriat Police did a good job.
Meghalaya has admitted that there are 61 villages in Langpih which belong to Meghalaya.
“When the DSC youths went to talk to him, he acted like a mawdur,” said HANM. Shillong, Nailar 22: Police in Meghalaya have arrested seven robbers from Madanrynting today.
On the other hand, it was learned that not only Bah Sanbor has joined the BJP but there are also MLAs and leaders who have looked forward to the right time to join the BJP. The MUA-II is not led by the Congress in the state.
Besides, the destruction of forests is not only in these tourist spots, but across the West Khasi Hills, the forests have been destroyed except for many parts of the forests. part of the trees are young.
The contest will be between the Congress candidate to be announced soon and the NPP candidate to be announced on the 22nd of this month.
“Our mission is to work together to address the issues of the people of the state, in order to build, especially on the issues of ILP, CAA, the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule,” she said. state.
Shillong, Lber 7: Members of the CSWO under the leadership of Kong Irene Hujon, President, on Monday, visited Kerbor Nongrum, who is in critical condition and is undergoing treatment. He is currently in the ICU of Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
“There are 4 lakh Kayastha voters and 1.3 lakh Sindhi voters in Lucknow, besides 3.5 lakh Muslims and Poonam is a Sindhi, while her husband is Kayastha. There was a fierce fight between Poonam and Rajnath Singh.
More than 69 percent of the voters have exercised their right to cast their votes in the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
In the state, there are 49 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,3
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Andrew Shullai said, “This Nissan Magnite is different from other vehicles and fits well with the present era because it has been built in such a way that the owner of the vehicle wants to feel safe when using and driving this vehicle.
There has been no death toll in different districts of eastern Bangladesh,” said Shah.
“I wonder how they got the Completion Certificate and who gave that certificate and at the same time according to the findings of IIT Roorkee which shows that there are still 15 places which are still in danger of In fact, until they have completed all the requirements of the road, the Toll Gate Plaza cannot be opened,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
Mawlai won the trophy and a cash prize of T.3 lakh while Rangdajied won the trophy of T.1.5 lakh. The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang and the Chief Engineer of the State Sports Council, Bah BM Syiem in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya Football Association, Bah H Dohling. Mawlai FC has won the SPL 2022-23 title while Rangdajied FC has won the SPL 2022-23 title. The last bat has won this title since
Today, 28 people have tested positive for covid-19 including 7 from Khlieh Iew, 12 from Motphran, 8 from Anjalee and one from Khyndai Lad.
Revd.Dr.EH Kharkongor, expressed his satisfaction that the government intends to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming 2021, but said that it is necessary to show action. , not just verbally.
The purpose of the Black Flap Demonstration was to announce the nomination by the Governor of five men and one woman to be members of the District Council.
Regarding this mock exercise in which many rescue teams, ambulances and others will take part, the State Disaster Management Authority has advised the public not to worry and to cooperate with these arrangements. The Government should also think carefully about the traffic to avoid traffic jams.
Jessica also gave bad news to Trump, saying that the new president will no longer be from the Republican party, where the president will be a supporter of all parties. people.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has rejected the proposal of Namdong A Village, which has donated the forest to plant trees and maintain the forest, but this forest has turned into a synsar cultivation area in Thadmynri Village.
“On these licenses which were issued at a time when there were no objections and no meetings with the political parties or religious leaders, but now because of the objections of the residents it has been decided to suspend and these licenses will be lost. “We will not proceed without any agreement with me to ensure that there is no misguidance on this issue,” he added.
He said that in India only Himachal Pradesh has two cities, Shimla and Dharamshala.
However, Conrad promised in the House that within 2 or 3 months, the government will cancel the wildlife registration of these goods and will temporarily recognize them as non-wildlife goods. The Government will have to look into amending the Meghalaya Forest Regulation Application Act 1973 so that these products will be exempt from tax.
Nongpoh: Leaders of HITO Ri Bhoi District, today met with the BDO of Umsning C&RD Block, to inquire about the information they have received, that there is a plan to The Block has been relocated to Lad Umpih, a place far from the present Block.
It should not be polluted, it should be clean because it can cause many diseases if we don't know how to be careful.
The MDA has promised to promote tourism, has built artificial turf grounds in almost all districts of the state,” he said.
Shillong, November 22: Kurbah Films in collaboration with Cat & Mouse Production (Mumbai), Maiti Pictures and 3ME Entertainment presents Pamu Das and Marjina Kurbah. The official trailer of the new Khasi film titled Onaatah – Of the Earth has been released on Batesi TV, YouTube and Facebook as a sign of Christmas and New Year greetings on the 24th of this month.
The rivers of Babylon (Irag) include the Tigris and Euphrates.
Sangma also paid T.50,000 to the family of a deceased in Sakwang, who left behind nine children, including a 15-day-old child.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The results of Class XII of Science and Commerce have been announced today. St.Anthony's has received 1st Ten grade in all the four streams, while in Commerce, St.Anthony's has received 1st Ten grade. .
In the second half, they tried hard to score again but couldn't.
The name of the Cherra Bosconian Union (CBU) was given by Babu George L. Chyne, Asst Headmaster of the school in
Speaking on the occasion, the SP said, “We have closed this road as a precautionary measure after the incident in January”.
Here is the same process.
He said that it is not only the government that should be blamed, but also the Opposition for not doing their part as legislators, even though the Shnong has He said that he has met many times with the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma regarding the collapse of the factory, but he has not been able to set up an inquiry and said that the government The factory has been established since 1966 during the Assam government.
There are candidates who have completed their education, but have not passed the MTET. Therefore, we urge the Minister to look into this issue and to expand the Adhoc Schools for the appointment of candidates who have not yet passed. complete the MTET”, said Bah Shadap.
The DSO office requests those who wish to participate to register online at the bit.
Shillong: Congress leaders Bobeeta Sharma and National Media Coordinator Mathew Anthony have warned the National People's Party (NPP) to be vigilant lest they become involved in the BJP. Speaking at Congress Bhavan today, Mathew said he has seen what has happened in the relationship between the BJP and the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and what has happened in Tamil Nadu. Bobeeta Sharman said that the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has alleged that the NPP-led MDA government is corrupt, but the BJP. The NPP has not withdrawn from its cooperation with the government, which is a sign that if the NPP is not careful, it will be defeated.
He said that he used to sing in the market places and in the more urban areas around the market places in Ri Bhoi District, Sohra, Shillong and other places. only religious songs, patriotic songs and songs that the public likes to listen to.
“How can the department take this seriously even though it knows it is an expensive machine", he said.
The SWSRJ also urged the SP to take action against the abuse of women and children by the robbers.
As part of the programme, various agencies and groups have set up stalls at the venue for providing services and information for the beneficiaries.
She said that on the 29th, many of the people who love the HSPDP wanted to choose independently where to give the ticket to Singh, but she said that they were waiting and waiting all day. She said that although the sky was dark, the people did not receive any information until they had to flee. iamrem of this bag.
The incident happened at Rensigre village under Damal Asim Out Post, which happened since November
It is an antioxidant that can protect against cell damage.
“In the world we are still too young to understand.
The victim was a 17-year-old boy who had arrived at the scene in a car he had borrowed from others.
According to Prestone, the working methods of the committee will be similar to the 100 days scheme or NREGS in which the villages will play an important role.
Most of them are light and many jyrwit jyrwat.
“Once again, the union urges the law enforcement authorities from the honorable judges who have taken the investigation to punish them according to the strictest rules of law so that these incidents will not happen again in the future,” he said. , said the General Secretary and added, but even if the law enforcement agencies enforce the laws that are too strict, it will lead to trouble in the future.
Furthermore, such a program was also held in collaboration with KVK Jaintia Hills in Khanduli, Jaintia Hills to discuss the strengthening of the production of this crop (Krai) and the benefits that can be obtained in the future. existence.
Thus, the Lyngngam, besides earning money by selling ships, also earn money by selling thlong and synrei.
Mawpynthaw Sports Social & Cultural Club won the cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
“On Saturday, he started returning the money at Nongkseh and on the 24th it will be completed at Umkdait Nongmensong and a letter will be sent to the Public Secretary of Umkdait Nongmensong. Return the money to the residents who took the cylinders from him.
When requested for the documents, he could not provide them and was arrested and questioned.
It is painful and sad to see that although Shillong is still one of the smallest towns in India, compared to the big cities of India, even here the number of people The homeless and the homeless have begun to increase from time to time.
The victim was identified as Dijak Ch Sangma, 45 years old.
He said the party has also urged its two MLAs, Renikton L Tongkhar, Mawkyrwat MLA and Samlin Malngiang, Sohiong MLA.
Meanwhile, BJP Vice President Gagan Jain said that Zenith Sangma should have thought carefully before saying such things.
The seven G7 countries on Tuesday pledged to continue to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia by sending various aid to Ukraine. The side is to help the people and also for the Ukrainian army, so that they can fight against the Russian troops and so that they can repel the Russian troops who have entered to attack the country. Ukraine is within its borders.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Nangkiew Irat FC 2-2 in the Shillong Premier League of the SSA at the JN Stadium on Monday.
The meeting between DK Shivakumar and Bah Paul Lyngdoh will bring closer the states and will also show the spirit of unity despite many differences and to work together for the good.
I have only one thing to say, there is no middle ground and it cannot be compared with a cheating, stealing and corrupt government.
The Congress party has a new view and this is evident in its by-election for the Vadodara Municipal Corporation in Gujarat, which is scheduled to be held on Sunday. The idea is to set up youth meeting places, which have coffee shops, for the youth and couples who are in need.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The State Government is ready to operate Electric Buses to transport the public and Buses to transport School Children to reduce traffic jam in the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The opposition Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) will raise the issue of alleged involvement of government ministers and insurgents in the dorbar tlang to be held on 21st November.
The incident has spread quickly on social media and the residents and rawon of Nongkasen village after seeing it were shocked and angry because they know that there has never been such a person in the village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Joe Marwein, President of FKJGP, said that the talks tomorrow will be on the Inner Line Permit Bill. because he said “Others cannot decide on any topic".
There will be a special allocation of one out of three seats (1/3rd) for women in Village and Municipal Councils in the Sixth Schedule of Assam, Mizoram and Tripura and two nominated members. All autonomous councils should empower women but for now Meghalaya has been exempted from this rule.
She said that the North East Adventist University is still under the review of the Governor's Office.
May God grant him the strength and spirit that as a Khasi he will not be selfish in his thoughts and actions.
He said the Election Commission of India has set up three divisions including Sugam to look after the issuance of permissions, Suvidha to issue permission to political parties to hold meetings and other election requirements and Samadhan to look and listen to the concerns of the people especially those related to the Election Code or Model Code.
First of all, the Dorbar Shnong Jongksha strongly condemns the incident which happened on the night of 8th October, 2020 at Lad Mawlang which took the life of Samla Macmilan Kharshandi and injured many others. They came with him after they had returned from the tourist attraction in Syntung.
On Saturday morning, another meeting was held inside the village, where several leaders from the political parties, Bah Erwin K.Sutnga, Attorney General of the State, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Bah Estansing Jana, Sordar of Nongwah Hima and many others, who supported these people and expressed that they too, are against this issue. The Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya.
That was in the dark evening.
The ECI has announced that the polling day in Tripura will be on 16th June and the counting of votes will be on 2nd October.
The BJP government intends to streamline its working methods and prepare a new budget and various assistance to the people of the country before the elections. June 2019.
These Krishi Sakhi and Pashu Sakhi are trained persons in agriculture and livestock farming and are responsible for assisting other farmers in remote areas in any development activities. the work of farming and cultivation.
The statement also said that it is only reading that makes people wise and intelligent and not superstitious.
Also present on the occasion was the Deputy Director General (Programme) of NES, AIR Shillong, N.Shadap.
At the beginning of the second half, PFR Football Academy scored another goal against Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team and before the end of the second half, PFR Football Academy scored three goals. the game ended in a 3-3 draw.
The destruction of the Jews or Israel was the time when God prepared them to be His weapons of war to end the rule of the Gentiles and to establish the kingdom of God on earth.
The Secretary of the Society, Shaniah Phawa, said that the lockdown has affected those families who have children with disabilities, as they can no longer go to work. and at the same time such families do not have the opportunity to work and farm like others, because they have to look after their children with disabilities.
The Sadhu, who conducted an inspection of the polling stations and strong rooms at Polo Ground on Tuesday as part of the preparations for the Polling Day, told reporters that the inspection was conducted by to direct the BLOs and other groups such as Media teams, Police, CRPF guarding the strong room and polling stations on various preparations.
“We are a nation that knows man and knows God, but at the same time, we cannot remain silent if our fellow citizens are persecuted by the Karbi people,” said the statement.
Shylla said that the District Council has already taken a decision in the House to oppose the mining of uranium and he wants the Legislative Assembly of the State to also take a decision to introduce uranium mining. a firm decision to oppose the mining of uranium in the state.
The Doors Step Banking was launched under the supervision of the MSRLS Block Mission Management Unit Laskein Block which looks after the Self Help Groups (SHGs) and with the support of the Sakhi Banks from the two villages. Organizations including the Khliehrangnah VO Association and the Shangpung Village VO Association.
The NIA has sought the assistance of the public in identifying the people involved in the protest.
“However, I believe many have understood,” he said. “However, I believe many have understood. And the people have learned and understood even the villagers, that these parties come and destroy because if the rule of law is weak when the rulers or officers are corrupt, the nation is destroyed. in society.
“For 30 years, former MLA Dr Donkupar Roy has not brought any development in these areas,” said Shembhalang.
With this victory, Nangbah Mulang has 10 points (500 games) while Khimusniang (600 games) has 7 points.
During the inspection, the Minister found that the work at ISBT has been completed by 80 percent and he expects that by November they will be able to complete the Tourist Bus Stand.
The HYC has given 10 days to the contractor to provide the necessary documents, otherwise it will suspend the work of the contractor.
“These amendments have been introduced in accordance with the decision of the GST Council which will have to be implemented by the State Governments and each State Government will have to amend the provisions of the GST Act of the State according to the The GST Council has not decided,” he said.
“The spokesperson of the party has not yet announced the dates for the public meetings to be held at these two places in Jalgaon and Pune districts.
Within 20 minutes they arrived and as soon as they arrived, they hurried to leave.
The girl and her mother, residents of Mynthlu, East Jaintia Hills District, were approached by the mother of the girl and the man who promised to give her a job through Facebook. The victim was identified as Dakermi Shadap, a resident of Ri Bhoi.
He said the SDO (C) and SDPO of Dadenggre Subdivision have been directed to investigate the scene of the incident.
In North Garo Hills District, one case is from outside the state and in West Jaintia Hills District, one case is High Risk Contact.
The Eastern Theater Command is conducting the exercise across Taiwan.
“These four persons are supporters and assistants of the HNLC.
If they can explain and prove where they brought the money and where they intend to take it or use it, they will get the money back but if they cannot, the money will be confiscated according to the rules of law.
Therefore, the HANM has decided to postpone the rally in front of the Secretariat on the 3rd of this month and the HANM will hold an emergency meeting to discuss the issue of the President of HANM. Arphul Kharbani, who is currently in police custody, said Darmonmi.
The performers include Mardiwi Langshiang, Richester Kharmawphlang, Jurisha Kharmawphlang, Noylla Ksiar Kharpan, Lahun Shisha Kharpan, Kalpana Narzary and Deeibanda R Natep.
There are about 17,500 vacant teacher posts which have not been filled.
The four Assamese arrested include Mohammad Nazimul Hussain Barbhuiya, 34, Abdul Kalam Laskar, 23, Kutbul Alom Laskar, and Sukur Ali Mazumder (22 years old).
“We need only visionary leaders because our state has suffered in the last four years and why do they still want to join the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government now,” he said. Mr. Dkhar.
He said that to do what the teachers demand, the government needs a lot of money. He said that the introduction of the khalai law is also to get funds to improve the quality of education in the state. .
Police have registered a case under Section 170/420 against the woman at Mairang Police Station.
Therefore, you should think twice before your speech reaches your lips.
The source said that these nurses are not appointed by the hospital, but are appointed by agencies and companies which have been outsourced by NEIGRIHMS. The reason for the suspension of these nurses, who have been working for many years, is because the hospital has sent to join the nurses who have passed through the examination or interview conducted in these hospitals. year old.
"Bah Let turned to those who were fined and asked, 'How do you feel about this?' “Rangbah, it's too heavy for us...” said one member of the family. “Yes, yes, we can't say anything, they have to pay because they have lost and they want it. Bah Shanbor's supporters also said the same.
Regarding the demand of the union, the EE PWD Umsning, has promised to take action to repair the damaged parts of the road, he added.
Condolences were received from across the country, including from Indian President Pranab Mukherjee and AICC President Sonia Gandhi.
This protest of yours is only a waste of time and will only bring destruction to the nation especially to the farmers.
Meghalaya came fourth in the medal tally with 36 gold, 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
During the cold months – between November and June, for people living east of the Equator and July to April for people living in the Northern Hemisphere – these genes are stronger.
We pray for you to recover and be in good health@CitiznMukherjee (sic)," Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal wrote on Twitter.
However, they say that they still know how to play political games in the running of the government.
“The goal of the Khasi Seng is to protect the environment and to protect the culture and this is the goal of the Khasi Seng and the first issue that comes from the way of thinking.
The students were also taken into the room to witness with their own eyes the arrangement of the rice according to the calculations so that they can know the availability of rice in each chamber and how much rice is available. Help to provide information if inspected by the authorities.
It is located 74 kilometers from Shillong.
On the same day, Bah BJ Kharshandi ADC Ri-Bhoi District was appointed as the first SDO of the Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah. Sub Division.
Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki Shylla said that the receipt of these garbage trucks is a blessing to the JMB to serve the people in the collection of garbage.
More than 20 youths, most of whom are foreigners, were arrested and besides them, there was also an elderly man.
The Minister said that under the financial assistance, the Central Government and the Government of Manipur will provide each Rs 5 lakh through DBT to the families of those who lost their lives in the bloodshed.
SI Nongrum has taken over the investigation into the incident and later handed over to Inspector PE Marwein for further investigation.
The High Court has directed the Chief Secretary and the Director-General of Police to submit a written statement on the findings of Justice Katakey as stated in the report.
“From today onwards, we have refunded the money to those who brought back the book, and as it is Tuesday and tomorrow is a holiday, there will be more children who will bring back on Tuesday. said the Principal of St. Margaret's.
We carried the eight and the jaboh.
Nongpoh, November 13: Public vehicles passing through the National Highway-6 from Umïam area to Shillong have been hit by heavy traffic jam due to the start of repair of the Damsite Bridge which has started to collapse. and endanger the traffic of the people as vehicles have to drive only on one side of the road to cross the Umïam Bridge.
The PWD Department, which is the mother of the roads in the state, does not want the Engineers to visit these places.
They often kill each other, men against women or women against men just to spend time at night.
Isha Warjri (15+6 mins), Naphibanlamlynti L.Mairang (43) and Evamerry Myrthong (50 min) scored the third goal. Nelfinia King (own Goal) (29 min).
Our appearance is different from that of us the people of the East, we have nothing to do with China.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Ri Jaintia (SWSRJ) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should expedite the removal of garbage from Jowai and provide a suitable garbage dump for Jowai.
I will not be able to play for my team, Kerala Blasters in the remaining matches of the Indian Super League," he later posted on Instagram.
According to the CEO of the Municipal, a vehicle has been deployed to collect garbage at Motphran in the morning and evening and people are not allowed to break or throw garbage on the ground but should throw it inside the vehicle.
It can’t always be that way.
The death of Bah Rana, comes at a time when the Coronavirus or Covid-19, has struck for the second time in our beloved country, which has been in the midst of a lockdown. to the near and dear friends, especially to the famous singers, that they cannot leave the nation alone, because the soul is sick, the darkness cannot be together with the body. you're right, Bah Rana.
They said that the JAC requests the people to be patient and join hands in this protest of the JAC as there has been a shortage of dewbilat supply across the area.
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeCEL) has been facing a severe shortage of electricity in the state. 314.70 MW of electricity from nine electricity projects in the state.
Don't wait until it happens, don't be afraid, pray that the disease will go away. Only my repentance and yours can remove the disease.
To find out more, Rupang spoke to the President Rangbah of the BJP in the state, Bah Khlur Sing Lyngdoh to find out whether there is any talk between the party and the party. They are the leaders of the Congress party.
The Lamphang can speak the language he is comfortable speaking and the listeners can listen to the language they can understand,” said Bah Paul to the media.
Wahiajer beat Moosalyngkat 2-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament hosted by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
He ordered the government authorities to look into and provide for the needs of the people especially those living along the Beki and Manas rivers and to fight to relocate them due to the threat of flooding. bay.
The AMKA leaders said that the purpose of the annual meeting of the Karbi people in the state is to ensure that the Karbi people in the state have close relationship, love and unity among their fellow ethnic groups wherever they are. to preserve and maintain the traditional customs and traditions that the Karbi people should not forget.
RG Lyngdoh and Chiranjib Choudhury have been appointed as the President and Secretary of the MSOA.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, while talking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting today.
This is understood from the name 'Golgotha' or 'Skull Skull'
However, if we talk about another issue or the government, we see that this proposal is too small, because in the last three months, the government has spent T.115 crore or T.40 crore. per month and thus, the 10 lakh rupees of the MLA of Nongthymmai, perhaps, will not be needed at all, because the money, will have to go through the government plan.
Bah Mayral Born also stressed on the spread of drugs, child marriage in this age and the need for the cooperation of parents to eradicate evil deeds, in order to give hope to the children. young people to progress in education and to compete with other developed nations, that once again the children of the hands will be free from the tyrsim of evil deeds and destruction to become young people who have a purpose in life their.
Many of the singer's friends didn't expect her to end her relationship with Mod and were very sad for her.
At the same time, he said that the most important market is during the sale of synsar from October to June.
“For this reason, the Cabinet today has decided to implement the previous decision to recognize the land in Balsrigittim and Warinagre where about 1200 households have illegally set up houses in Balsrigittim and Warinagre. these places government.
At the same time, he said that those who shout are those who sit on the streets to disturb the meetings of others.
The Prohibition of Child Marriage Act (PCMA), 2006 prohibits child marriage and is considered illegal under Sections 9, 10 and 11 of the Act. in addition, the Child Marriage Prohibition Officer (CMPO).
Regarding this incident, the MPYC has demanded that the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh should resign. the face is to be lowly paid.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri-Bhoi West today honored one of the best football players of Ri-Bhoi who took part in the 5Meghalaya Games. recently in Tura where the football players from Ri-Bhoi who won the title lost in this tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued this announcement to encourage the people in the District to protect and maintain forests and to protect and maintain water sources for the benefit of future generations.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the emergency meeting of KHNAM, Bah Nongrum said that Mukul Sangma is a tyrant and against the Khasi.
He also urged the President/Secretary to take action to hold this kind of tournament every year so that the youth of the village can take part and showcase their talents. “If you don't play football, it will also be a source of employment,” said Maywilborn Lamare.
Therefore, the village has requested the MeECL department to take immediate action and not to wait until tragic incidents occur, as these posts need to be improved or replaced by others for the safety of the people. in this city.
It is sad that the Prime Minister has unfoundedly criticized the VPP leaders, but the question is that if they don't oppose this in the House, where else will they oppose? Because as we have seen, there are also those who in the Ing Dorbar don't want to open, but when they come out, they start explaining.
This time it will bring back the State Level competition.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma will be the government. The first step to take action to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in the last 24 hours in Ri Bhoi District.
The bapli of Um Umiam also has to accept all these things and has no other choice.
Earlier, Bah Sanbor said that it used to be the custom of the parties to criticize the BJP before the elections but after the elections they went to urge the BJP to form a government because they need milk and honey from the central government.
In the Men's Singles Open, Mebanker Shullai beat Gregeores Passah 12-21, 12-2
Mupliang CC, which tied first, scored 145 runs for the loss of all wickets in 23.5 overs.
Shillong Cricket Association-A beat Shillong Cricket Association-A by four wickets on the second day of the final at Umbuda Stadium, Ri-Bhoi District.
When asked by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the day of the presentation of the State Budget in the Legislative Assembly, whether the State Government will do the same as in other countries and other States of India. He said that this type of tax is appropriate, especially in countries and states with higher income and living standards.
In Manipur, the number of cases has risen to 366 and 293 are undergoing treatment.
Some people have been sanitized.
The Catholic Church has also raised three issues to oppose the implementation of the UCC in the country.
If we talk about the problems that almost every household faces, we have to find out the main causes of those problems and how to solve them one by one.
According to the MLA, he said that the MLAs who are against Mukul Sangma are no longer willing to speak in front of the Congress leader in charge of the state. the leader can also be changed.
Members of the KSU held a two minute silence in memory of this hero of the country.
He also denied reports that drug users have been arrested from the premises of the MDC Hostel.
They believe that any policy should be reviewed every 10 years.
“After the MDC seat became vacant, it was my turn to contest,” said Mighter.
Khan was buried today in Versova in the presence of his immediate family.
The Seng strongly condemns these creatures who kill the enemies of the wicked souls.
However, they are still infected because there is no supply,” said Dr. Aman.
The CWC should convene an emergency meeting and take its decision,” Rahul told reporters in Parliament.
Aikman has joined the PHF after the Pakistan Sports Board (PSB) announced that it will pay the salary to the manager.
SCHOOLS CLOSED: The Education Department of the State Government on Friday announced a four-day holiday for schools across the state following the MET Centre, Shillong. It is expected that heavy rainfall will continue in Meghalaya in the next three days.
He promised that if the government releases the funds allocated for the health sector, he will gather the doctors and elders to think how to do for the health sector. goodwill initiatives within this 100-bed facility.
The residents of this area used to park their boats in this thwei to travel from one side to the other as there is no bridge from this area to cross to the other side to reach Dilingiem.
Jesus had already told his disciples when he was on earth.
After the seizure of the gold, police have arrested two persons involved in the case, Abdullah Hussaiñ and Sanborlang Khaiong and registered a case against them. Investigation is being conducted to find out more about those involved.
· On November 14, 2022, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF), a scheme of the Department and the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Foundation and the Rural Electrification Corporation (REC). ) Foundation, in New Delhi, which has donated Rs 215 crore for the development of sports in the country.
He said that the factory has stopped operating since 2020 and at present, the government pays only half the salary.
Tirot Singh sent his men to make Khasi weapons in the cave where they were hiding to fight the French.
After leaving Liverpool, Roberto Firmino has become one of the most prominent players to join Saudi Pro League club Al-Ahli on a three-year deal.
How great it will be for you MLAs of the state this year if you bring in what the students and the citizens really want in terms of the Reservation Policy.
To assist Government Officials (BLOs), by checking whether the names and photographs match whether they match the age of the voter, whether they match the face appearing on the the Draft Photo Electoral Rolls, so that there will be no confusion of names and photographs.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Police of Lumshnong AD Camp on Tuesday conducted a vehicle search operation at Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills.
Daniel 7:14.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU) together with the Organizing Committee of Amlari Model UP School on 27th June launched a Lucky Draw ticket to raise funds to support the students of Amlari Model UP School. the 1st War Jaintia Scholarship.
My word shall not pass away, nor shall it pass away: but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.
In the Under-14 category for boys, RC Eve's Secondary School came second.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : Shillong Lajong Football Club has announced that it has signed three foreign players for the 2022-23 I-League season. Damaitphang Lyngdoh, a 19-year-old midfielder, has signed a contract with Damaitphang Lyngdoh.
Besides the presence of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as the chief guest, there will also be an explanation from experts on this important issue including the President of the Society. , Dr. DRL Light.
She said that Laitumkhrah does not allow anyone to take the law into their own hands especially at night when there is drinking.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will write to the NIA and CBI to send people to investigate into the incident in the state.
Unfortunately, many villages say that the MLA they elect comes only when it is time for elections.
This incident came after receiving a tip that there are 'Air Hostess' robbers for some female students who are waiting for HSSLC results. sent SMS to the students, falsely claiming that they have been selected to become Air Hostess even though these students have not applied for the job.
About 76% (seventy-seven per cent) of the residents in rural areas in the State no longer own or own land.
The BJP has accused the Conrad Sangma government of being the most corrupt government in India. The question is whether the BJP will send a CBI inquiry into Conrad Sangma or will it sleep in the same room with the most corrupt party? The UDP has more special issues. The UDP has agreed to protect the identity of the Khasi Jaintia people, including the recognition of the Khasi language, the review of the border, the protection of the villagers and not only that. , is no longer a member of the NEDA, led by Himanta Sarma, and whether it will return to the coalition government, in which the BJP will also participate? The TMC, Congress and other parties, whether it is the PDF, HSPDP, independent MLAs and even the VPP ( if it wins), they have their own calculators and can surprise, by creating another coalition government in the state.
“Only all the candidates who are contesting from the national or rithor parties are strong, and therefore we should not count,” he added.
Officials of the Brahmaputra Valley Fertilizer Corporation Limited (central government) and employees have conducted a demonstration on the use of a drone, which can spray vegetables, seeds for use in the to rep to riang.
You will also receive an annual income of 8 lakh tyngka before the EWS elections.
The village has received clean electricity after the village leaders have taken the initiative to lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities of the electricity distribution department in Khliehriat East Jaintia Hills District.
These centers will enable the talented people in the state to become involved in this field and added that Meghalaya is a state where some examples already exist in the field of music.
At least 12 people have been killed in a fire in a house in Hanoi, Vietnam on Tuesday. you house floor.
Regarding this, Vincent said that the reason for this is because of the MLA election
The committee is concerned about the absence of the Addl Deputy Commissioner, at their summons on 26th November, as he is in charge of the investigation.
Personally, This is something I cannot accept.
She said that the unexpected incident was announced publicly by a friend and party member, which is unacceptable.
In anger over the killing of the residents of Mukroh, KSU members attacked and set fire to a Bolero of the Assam police and a Beat office of the Assam government in Mukroh.
At the meeting in Lum Garo, the ASHAs decided to stand together to demand their rights from the government.
A dark stang cloth, A half-full bottle of wine stands beside his head on the right.
In the second half, Mizoram players tried hard to break the chess ball to score.
If there are any shortcomings in the Bill (VAB), it will be amended and amended later.
The CSWO led by Irene Hujon has strongly condemned the petrol bomb blast at Vikash Nandwal's shop in Motphran yesterday. The CSWO has urged the youth not to do such things and said that the demand for any issue goes beyond the demand. but to destroy it is contrary and unacceptable.
Figo Syndai scored the three goals for Shillong Lajong in the 4th and 77th minutes and Atlanson Kharmaw in the 84th minute from a free-kick. Abhay from Shillong Lajong was awarded the best player of the day by Bah B.Kharjana DSP WKHD. The Meghalaya Police Football Team has finished third in the recently held football tournament.
Police have registered an FIR and launched investigation to arrest the suspects.
On the other hand, the Union also congratulates the national team for their success.
“Our leader has taken a courageous decision to resign and serve the people of the constituency,” said Dr. Mukul.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated the Travellers Nest at Kyem Village, Mawphlang. , East Khasi Hills District.
“The Special Court, Tura, has issued an order to take action and has registered the case and fixed it for hearing on 29th July, 2023,” he said.
The union also urged the Ministry of Home Affairs to provide proper training to the new SIs so that they can perform their duties within the police department.
The Opposition Leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday filed a privilege motion against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma. submit the CAG Report for discussion in the House.
The spread of rnga is one of the causes of damage to the environment as well as human health.
Meanwhile, other parties such as the UDP, BJP, HSPDP, AITC and others have not yet announced their candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Referring to the BJP candidate, Hek said Sanbor is also a Pnar and has been an MLA of Shillong South three times and an MDC of Laban Mawprem Constituency. he was a man of great stature and skilled in the political line.
The NHM today conducted an explanation on the dangers of drugs at the bus stand in Mawlai, and there was also a questionnaire in which people answered and those who answered received prizes.
I would like to thank the Mawlai Presbyterian Church, Shillong, the Khasi Association and others who have expressed that places of worship should not be opened immediately as the number of cases of COVID-19 has increased day by day. .
So I encourage you to check out these creations (in our restaurants or online)".
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village, after considering and warning them, has released them with the understanding that they should no longer commit crimes inside the village.
The people do not want to see that after this honor that the state has received, it will be covered up or shortened again in terms of the process for the second NEOG.
He said that until now, the residents are struggling to cut down the trees to remove them from the road to free the vehicles especially on the Patharkhmah market day.
Shillong, Naitung 1: Speaking to reporters after the opening of the Lyiur Dorbar of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the sudden withdrawal of the opposition from the House. The EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as CEM. The KHADC Chairperson, Teilinia Thangkhiew, has allowed the EM of the Elaka, Bah PK Pangniang to explain. The Dorbar was in conflict with the Hima, but as soon as the Jyrngam Sirdarship started, the Dorbar was in turmoil.
“We have also requested the Governor to direct the State Government to implement the MSP to assist the farmers when they market their produce to ensure that they do not suffer losses,” he said.
“You have come.
Rimai Nangbah was born in Tpeppale, Jowai.
Speaking after the announcement of Bah Allan as the candidate, Conrad said that in the work he has experienced, he has seen that Bah Allan is a man who stands firmly and has a goal. whatever you do should be 100 percent right.
Shillong, March 01 : The HSPDP East Khasi Hills District has not yet had the opportunity to meet with the MLA of Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang to clarify whether he will continue to contest from the party or from another party. four party in 2023.
Therefore, if we forbid the fire of nature, it will be a blessing to us.
The winner received a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh while the runner up received Rs 50,0
Jowai, July 1: The Executive Engineer of MePDCL on Tuesday said that there will be no electricity in the entire East Jaintia Hills.
Matthew 24:19.
The new price will come into effect from 25th July,
Naidu has been arrested by the CID in connection with the corruption scandal.
This will also relieve the expenses and inconveniences in all aspects from the state Election Department and the Election Commission of India as well.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem launched the garbage truck for the use of Pohkseh Village at a public meeting held at the ground floor of the Dorbar Hall.
Due to the outbreak of coronavirus, students from the North East have been severely insulted by the locals in Punjab in recent days. and Chinese people.
The truck, has collided on the highway, as the sky, has become too dark, due to the covering of the sky, which is very strong, on the highway, and this has caused many people to die. cars, that they would collide on the highway.
The organization of the football tournament has opened up opportunities for the youth in different villages in the Byrki area and neighboring villages.
At this meeting, the Presiding Officers discussed the issues of (i) to build the confidence of the people in the Legislative Assemblies, the need to maintain the dignity and respect in Parliament, Assemblies in the States and UT and (ii) how to make the work of the Committees more meaningful and efficient.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the UDP's promise in its election manifesto to cancel the MoU if it comes to power is a fraud because the UDP “I am also surprised to see that the UDP and other parties with us want to cancel the MoU because from the beginning of the talks until the talks. “We have discussed the results before we sign the MoU at the Cabinet meeting, at the meeting of the MDA party, the District Council and even the civil society,” he said. said.
“When it was clear that until he saw the sign, he said that he could not give any explanation or comment on this matter.
The bringing of prosperity for all, the call to uplift India, the voice of the oppressed has prevailed...justice and good governance have prevailed," Modi said. to BJP workers and supporters at the party headquarters in New Delhi.
Another point that the VAB is weak is that the delegation to the village authorities to look after the employment does not comply with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
It is through it that man has acquired the wisdom with which he can do great things in this world.
Shillong: U Bookstandwell Marbaniang, Mining Operator, on Tuesday issued a statement on the misleadingness of the President of the Bri Hynniewtrep Exporters and Importers Association (NIPAA) Nik Nongrang. social media, July 10,
Leaders who are wise, intelligent, clean. Together with the Constituency People Development Committee.
The fee for applying for a Passport is 1500 tyngka for the Normal application (18 years and above) The fee for the Normal application (under 18 years) is 1000 tyngka (valid for up to 5 years) The Tatkaal application fee is 2000 tyngka (the fee of the normal application must be paid) Only for urgent or health related work and those who have received special permission can come to Passport Seva Kendra does not need to make an appointment.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that if the party comes to power, it will completely destroy the country's economy. .
Surprisingly, those who have converted to the heritage of Israel, Hindustan or Arabia still know their customs.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills Amalgamated and Redressal Forum (JHADC) on Saturday decided to meet with the Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of Thombor. Shiwat urged the EC to appeal to the Supreme Court to exempt Meghalaya from the MMDR Act.
Fifty women and youths who have been trained in the field of sewing have exhibited various types of sewing at the Dorbar Shnong Tpep Pale, Jowai on Saturday.
In our journey as a Hynniewtrep nation since the beginning of this world we know that we are one nation as the song sung by E Brektis Roy Wanswett, the son of Pnar, Bhoi, War, we I'm not paid Khasi.
They also said that just to get a vehicle license, these robbers allegedly charge up to 5000 to 6000 per license from the public and besides taking advantage of other activities related to documents. vehicle license plates that vehicle owners have to provide as stipulated by the government.
The KSU has warned that if the district administration and the JMB do not take action to build this garbage dump in an environmentally friendly manner and without affecting the health of the people, they will ban the dumping of garbage in this dump. place.
She has trained herself by participating in various CNE programs conducted at the national, state and district levels.
There are some of the elders who say that these days whether in the villages, churches, or in politics, the poor if they are good and they know people, know God and are wise and understanding. how many spirits shall not be counted any more?
“The government provides subsidies to set up these factories to create employment opportunities for the indigenous people, but these factories have reduced the number of indigenous workers and this is happening in Assam and Meghalaya.
“Prestone campaigned against Drola, the Congress candidate and was on the side of Paidang in 2013 – he has violated the Congress Act, he should be given four marks first. “It's a good idea to have a party in Mawkynrew,” said Harkin, who said that the Congress in Mawkynrew is only interested in winning.
At the awarding ceremony held at the Kirenshree Grant Hotel in Guwahati, the heads of Dalmia Cement also awarded six other youths who have excelled in various fields. Lalruatthara from Mizoram, who led the India Super League for Kerala Blaster, Rimpi Das, actress from Assam, Partha Protim Boruah from Assam as a photographer, Kenli Basar from Arunachal Pradesh. In the category of Ecology and Environment, Sanat Nunia from Assam for Agriculture and Dr. Abhirun Das from Assam, who received the award for his bravery.
Because the existence of the railway station in the past was a way for those who took advantage to sit and do various activities.
And God was so pleased to see them that he gave mankind 5 senses.
If we do this without fail, the loss will be great for us and also in the life and death of the country will result in the destruction and decline of the nation.
...Since ancient times...the Khasi have had their own system of government.
The union also said that these policemen who work in West Jaintia Hills receive their salaries from East Jaintia Hills.
“I have raised the issue of extending the appointment and the government has done this,” he said.
The four suspects were identified as I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Marsanki Tariang and Shidorki Dkhar.
He said that all government officials should cooperate together to achieve this goal.
He said that it was Syiem Sibsing who encouraged the Hima Nongstoin to open ME schools in Nongstoiñ and other parts of the Hima.
“After this, the next day we sent a letter of support,” he said.
The price of fifty pieces of silver went up to fifty pieces of silver.
He said that besides sugar, there has also been an increase in the price of branded rice such as KRT, Mr.GRS and other expensive rice.
Conrad confirmed this by saying that in the past three years, there have been many challenges faced by the government, in which there have been times when the people have had to oppose the government. However, he said that the government does not use force but the first priority is to talk to these groups.
The total distance in 2022 has reached 13.35 km.
The incident happened at 10 pm last night, when a truck coming from Guwahati, but when it reached Nongpoh, collided with a truck with the number plate. The number plate NL-01-G-6729 was parked on the road outside Taiar.
However, even after the outage and damage to the transformer, the electricity bill has not reached for about three months.
In the past, the ruling parties in Delhi and Assam did not have the right to participate or did not explain the formation of the government in Meghalaya.
The Jews have now become a great and powerful nation in all respects because God Himself has brought an end to that nation.
They also expressed their surprise that A Sun and his people, are talking nonsense about the same thing by saying that he was elected Rangbah Shnong on 10th November, 2016, even though the people have already explained. in the media because you don't have any confidence in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Through this announcement, it is understood that it will help 1.1 lakh people who have been affected by the floods in different villages in the area.
They also said that the fire came from the other side of the village and it may have been caused by the burning of garbage.
Paul Lyngdoh is in charge of Trade, Land and Education, Titos W Chyne is in charge of Council Building and Council Properties, Planning and Education. Traditional Medicine.
According to Bah Hek, the Assam government had planned to allocate only two students to Meghalaya in medical colleges in the state, but later increased it to four students. as a minister, she agreed to give as usual that 10 people.
“During the elections, we work together, we struggle, the child who has been raised comes out, maybe they have their own plan but we remain in the dark,” she said.
Meghalaya , Nepali , Bengali , I don't know why you don't speak Khasi anymore , but now people from abroad say only what you hear This is stupid, dumb, and ridiculous. I don't know Bangali or Nepali or Marathi ufff no need to say more.
At the same time, they are required to submit an Income Certificate issued by recognized authorities whose income should not exceed Rs 8.0 lakh per annum and the scholarship will be renewed for the following year after graduation. The renewal application should be submitted through the National Scholarship Portal and should be accompanied by a Promotion Certificate issued by the Head of the Institution.
However, the Prime Minister said that it is not true that the army did so.
In the Lawn Tennis category, Wankhraw Wahlang Nongrum and Eric Suchiang won the bronze medal.
It is the custom of the world that the money that goes in must also return on investment.
The court also directed the MSPCB to set up a committee to ensure that the river should not be polluted due to the shohdoh.
The ambulance was supported through the SAG Scheme for the year 2019-2
CEM Pynshngain N Syiem said that the land is located at Laitlawsan in Mawkyrwat and belongs to Nolip Star Lyngdoh.
Hero of the Tournament: Melaribha Lyngdoh from Mawshun.
The Fit India Run started from Matchakolgre LP School, New Tura for a distance of 10 km.
On this occasion, Bah Jambor War urged the students who attended the programme, to work hard in their studies, so that they can contribute to the to develop the country and the state in the future.
For example; The Nonglamin in Jowai is sure that he is a Shikur or the same thymmei as the Nonglamin in Nongtalang or the Nonglamin in Pynursla or the Nonglamin in Nongpoh. The other is from Khliehriat, and even if they are far away from each other, they are friends without hesitation.
Police have launched an investigation under the Mawngap PS C/No.21(7) 2023 U/S 379 IPC. The bike was seized from Padu and three others were arrested from Pynursla.
Regarding these land, the government has already completed all the requirements for the acquisition of the land but why the government has not been able to acquire it till today.
He said that now there are only a few people who have come to meet him to ask for money because they have earned a living by welcoming tourists to this place.
He said that in Garo Hills, children often take their own lives because there is no group to help them when they are in crisis.
“To strengthen the land of the village, the village leaders of Saba went to meet with the District Council and in 2013 the District Council issued a Registration Certificate with a map to Saba.
Meanwhile, Shah tried to deny the incident.
They shall walk together.
Tbn EW Kharsahnoh, while talking to this writer, said that they received the land in 2009, but they had to take another one, because the land that was given earlier, was the land of others. .
The Deputy Commissioner has been informed about this act of hostility, illegal logging and damage to the trees planted in the country. of West Jaintia Hills and also to the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills to take action against these invaders of the forests within the boundary of the village to avoid the violence. and tragic incidents between the residents and the invaders of the forests of the village within the village boundary.
Christian homes are the secret bride of Christ in this world.
Trekking alone in the colony in the dark is no longer safe.
Thus, Good Friday changes every year, sometimes falling in the last month of March and sometimes falling in the first, second or third month of April according to the fourth lunar cycle.
Perhaps there are those who don't understand the word ang which means 'line'
On the day of the inspection, the KSU found that there were no students or teachers and when inquired from the Sordar, Bah Ryngngan Nongsiang, he said that the school has been closed.
“Under this Act, there has been a proposal to bring a casino in the state, but in the past few months there has been opposition from many churches for fear of being affected. if you don't have an act".
At that time, there was a brief clash between the police and the KSU leaders including Samla Daniel. The magistrate came to stop the clash between the police and the KSU. u Bah Ronnie Walang.
The Secretary of the MC, Bah K.Nongsiej, said that the school was founded by Bah P.Thabah. in 1991 and after a while it was discontinued for many reasons and in 2003 it was run by the Shnong Authority.
Those social disabilities include visual, hearing, walking, speech and mental disabilities.
A strong earthquake has struck parts of western California for the second time in a few days.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah B Thubru, President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA), said that the people including the owners of trucks and traders should not listen to the NGT if it continues. The court will continue to ban coal mining and will wait until the 8th of March for the hearing.
But in the midst of all this came an encouragement in the form of a young boy named Risinius Pathaw.
“If the central government has expressed its willingness to call for talks with the HNLC, but without a ceasefire on both sides, then the peace talks are meaningless. law”.
Last June, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare sent memes on WhatsApp to school principals, principals and teachers explaining the dangers of eating and drinking. memes showing how one tree burns from 300 cigarettes and how cigarette smoke affects and releases harmful gases or chemicals and how smoking and public smoking affects, Teachers and school authorities are expected to show and explain to the students and to conduct programs to spread the message about the dangers and dangers of the smoke and the drink.
Four of the four MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) led by Dr Mukul Sangma may join the BJP in the coming days.
On the other hand, AMSSASTA West Khasi Hills District has expressed its support to the demand of AGHSSASTA that the government should release the salaries of teachers before the 25th of this month. If the government does not implement this demand, the Seng will not hesitate to hold protests.
Mawkyrwat, June 21: Unidentified robbers on the night of 19th June, 2023 broke the lock and stole some valuables inside the Nolikata Higher. Secondary School, South West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the Seng feels that this is the right time through the initiative of Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency to move the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge so that it will be a source of comfort for the people. the public as well as to maintain the State Government’s ownership of the land.
"We have killed all 250 people," one of the Islamic State soldiers in Raqqa told Reuters on the Internet.
Before he left the jail, hundreds of his relatives, friends and loved ones had already waited outside the main gate of the jail to welcome him and lay flowers to him. .
Jowai, July 31: The District Commerce and Industries Center (DDC) has invited applications from the residents of West Jaintia Hills District for a 25 day training on the topic “Design Intervention and Identification of Forest Products”. waste materials for making of handicraft jewelery and utility item".
Many of the armed groups and their members have come forward to lay down their arms and negotiate peace with the Government of India and the state governments.
They were handed over to the state police.
The meeting was also attended by several Sordar Shnongs, Garo Villages and other leaders of Langpih Sector.
Programs such as the Accessible India Campaign, in which the state government has increased the pension, employment and financial support for education for these people.
Besides, other works that have made him famous are the Village Hats, one in Langdongdai and one in Langpih which have been built by his hard work.
“Mizoram has a slight population shortage for the needs of development in various sectors and the shortage of population for the small Mizo community creates challenges for the development of the country. the nation as well as the economic development,” said Royte.
UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh has immovable property worth T.17,30,706 and T.550,000 in cash.
On this occasion, John F Kharshiing, Working President and Co Chairman of the Meghalaya Games, said that they have inspected with the field officers of the organizing committee of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and decided not to use them. toilets which have been damaged and have not been used for a long time and which will be demolished during the ongoing renovation.
The abductees were from Punjab and worked for Tariq Noor Al Huda's company.
However, I know clearly that the Garo people have also taken a strong part and contributed a lot in this regard and they too have been fighting for self-determination and independence for hundreds of years. to preserve, maintain and develop one's own nation.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) President Samla Lambok Star Marngar today said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has not yet accepted the proposal of the Central Government and the State Government. to build a railway line in Meghalaya.
Who has provided the Raid-mynsaw school building and other schools in the area?
The HYC said that during the meeting and submission of the petition, the DM&HO promised to take action and implement these demands as soon as possible.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The seat of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has started to shake again in these days, after some senior leaders of the Congress party, who have conveyed to the ear of the Congress leader. Sonia Gandhi said that they are not satisfied with the leadership of the present government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister and demanded that the issue should be resolved immediately.
For more information please call (M) 700598383 (T.Phawa).
At this meeting, the Prime Minister explained that the decision to set up the Expert Committee was taken after a meeting with all political parties after consultation with the political party leaders.
When they had finished eating and drinking before going to bed, the mother invited her son to offer a prayer of thanksgiving for the news.
After the residents of the village returned to their homes on Friday, the Assam police left for the village. They said that the police have taken away the nar rods, shyiap, mawria which were placed in the village for the purpose of building the muri of the village which belongs to the MNREGS scheme. The residents of the village have fled since the evening of 8th September this year due to fear of search by the Assam police. shah Kem , Several times after the incident, the Assam government officials came to inspect and destroy the road constructed under the MNREGS scheme through Mawshynrut Block.
The Minister said this while responding to the statement by the former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek who accused the state government of canceling the soskular for the construction of the Medical College in the PPP mode which they have already signed with KPC in
“No one accepts the BJP in our country.
The distribution of medicines in public places is to clean up the virus and curb the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus), which has spread to many countries and taken the lives of people.
Besides, the letter of explanation from the Government has not reached the DHS (MI) Office. I don't have faith,” he said.
The Most Valuable Player (MVP) in the women's category was won by Samla Larihun Warjri of Shillong Labet with a cash prize of 3,000 tyngka and in the men's category, Samla Larihun Warjri of Shillong Labet received a cash prize of 3,000 tyngka. Young Peter Kharshandi from Group 'B'
The Chief Minister, who recently visited the State Zoo, said that it will soon be opened to the public on or before the 15th of July 2023 to mark the Independence Day of India.
“Baptist” comes from the Greek word.
Chipson Dkhar scored in the 9th minute, Seven Pakem in the 18th minute and Bren Dkhar in the 42nd minute.
When asked what answer he received from the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Shylla said that he did not know but he said that he will wait for a while before the government does anything because the bill has died. Shylla said that if he does not get a clear answer, he will go to court.
The RSS leader said that the slaughter of cows is forbidden by all religions.
Even when I say, “It is better to listen than to hear”, many may disagree.
At the same time, Agnes said that what is more surprising is that no one has complained to the police when they commit such crimes.
Unfortunately, the Government/NHAI has blacktopped the parts of the road that are still in good condition and left the crematoria along the road.
Former MLA of Sohiong Constituency, Bah Nit Shabong, passed away at 4.30 pm today.
For this reason, the Union said that the members are angry and have decided to stop the supply of oil to Meghalaya from tomorrow.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress (MPMC) on Tuesday held a rally in Khyndailad to strongly condemn the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who has refused to respond to the violence. -i-jot of women in Manipur.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has also informed about the incident of felling of trees planted in the area on 12th July 2023 at 12:00 pm and on 18th August, 2023 at 1:00 pm.
Wymem and tymbuiñ and duna, Sarin's religion was fulfilled.
According to the information gathering in 2022, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare had allocated funds to purchase the necessary equipment in the hospital, but on January 23, 2023, two trucks parked at the The hospital has seized the equipment for transportation to the Civil Hospital in Mawkyrwat.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said the meeting was to review the performance of Civil Hospitals and District Hospitals in the State.
Although he said that his resignation was for personal reasons, when the journalists investigated, according to him, it was understood that the reason was because the leaders of KHNAM. He was arrested for accompanying Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit at many meetings especially at the Secretariat of the people recently.
However, the Bill Light was also installed.
Without any village being left behind, or that the 4G network cannot work, even on the borders with any neighboring countries, the Government of India will ensure that the residents of India Shillong: The SKBUH today evening met with the Dy Superintendent of Police (City) Subir Sangma at his office at the Police Reserve. , Shillong.
The construction of the road in Demthring, West Jaintia Hills has cost T.7.65 crore.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued an order to close down the house of Jngun Marbaniang, Mawpat Circle-III. The reason for this is that there is a person who has died of covid 19 from the house and has not been tested for covid at all. The district authorities have had to impose a lockdown to avoid the spread of covid 19, but because they did not believe that the deceased was infected with covid 19, they did not believe that the deceased was infected with covid saphret this disease.
Speaking to media, the Discipline Secretary, Phibarisha Diengdoh said that the society has been recognized by the state government and the distribution of the awards is to encourage the people especially the young people to stand on their own feet when they are self-sufficient.
Surprisingly, the first Chairman of the Lok Adalat, a retired judge of the Gauhati High Court, PK Mushahary, has been appointed to take over the post. his job since 2018.
He said the PWD department will also propose to improve the Jowai Intermediate Road from Pamblah (Myntdu) Bridge to Lad Nartiang and to build drains to prevent the flow of soil and stones into the river and farmland. of farmers.
It is difficult to think about how to link the voter registration list with the Aadhaar registry.
About 19 NCC students including men and women took part in this Trekking Adventure.
During the inspection, this reporter spoke to one of the Rangbah Shnong (who did not want to be named), where he expressed his sorrow over the government's neglect of the village. which is also an area that is lagging behind not only in roads, but in many aspects and especially in terms of schemes that will bring about economic development.
When he graduated from school and went to college or university, he said that if a student is a scholar who has entered that school, he has to take exams but he is poor and cannot. No one will expel him and he will not be punished but he will be given the opportunity to study until the end, with the stipulation that when he graduates and gets a job he must pay the fees. money later.
Therefore, Pakistan will not have any problems to play in Ahmedabad.
In preparation for the launch of the Shillong Medical College, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has conducted a training session for specialist doctors especially those who will also take a role as faculty when the medical school starts.
The Japanese people love cherry blossoms, so I want to go to the festival held in the State,” said Suzuki.
Shillong: As part of the prevention of the spread of Corona Virus, Sohphoh Village in West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya has temporarily banned foreigners from entering and leaving the village. Sohphoh village until further notice.
Mizoram DGP Anil Shukla told reporters that the most worrying part is the seizure of the drugs from Myanmar.
“The suspect was immediately taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for treatment with the assistance of the police,” said the SP. /relatives of the victim to register a case under the crime.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, said that he hopes and hopes that the teachers have the right to fight against drugs because it is the teachers who see better the nature of drugs. children in school because children spend a lot of time in school, so this program is to engage teachers in the drug prevention program “Teachers are the best hope They also have a role to play in supporting society and hold a respectable position in society. They can assess more closely the behavior of children and understand children. Through the signs, actions and behavior of the children inside the school, whether the child is addicted to drugs and that they should fight against this before the child reaches the point of drug abuse. and with the intervention of teachers gradually from time to time children will be able to escape from drug abuse and discrimination in society.
The second place went to Sainava Modak of St Thomas School, Rynjah with 94.16% in English, Additional English, Mathematics, Science & Technology and Health and Physical Education.
He said that the children should understand the importance of Yoga, Ayurveda, art and literature.
This price increase, which occurred during the lockdown, has caused many workers to lose their jobs.
Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong said that on the 15th June, the Chief Minister will inaugurate the Civil Sub-Division at Pynursla at 11:30 pm at the UUP Sports Stadium.
The party gives its full support to the government authorities and the district authorities of South West Khasi Hills District as a whole.
The UDP also believes that the statement of the HSPDP office bearers is childish.
The Supreme Court yesterday sought a letter from the complainant and the letter was for two reports, one was the report of the Joint Committee 1983 and the other was the record of the report. Former Supreme Court Judge Dhanan Jaya Yeshwant Chandrachud
Leaders of the Foundation led by Samla Robert June Kharjahrin and Secretary General Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang in the presence of members of the MPF today welcomed the President of the Foundation. Samla Ksanboklang Kharshiing, Finance Secretary, MPF, on his return from Delhi, congratulated the youth who has brought honor not only to himself or his family but also to the honor. the Foundation, the State and the North Eastern Region of India as a whole.
But they did not judge the young children.
However, it surprised many, because in the protest of the 13 political parties, there were only about 300 members and less than 400 members who came to take part in the sit-in.
Nangkhraw Kharsyiemiong – Silver Older cadet 1.
At the same time, they said that the NEIGRIHMS authorities are still issuing the Admit Cards until the 25th while the examination will be held on the 2nd November.
After the march which ended at Madan Malki, a meeting was held and speeches were delivered by various speakers who gave their strong support to the State Government and also to the Police Department. kill Mr. Che.
Oram requested the Chief Minister to ensure that the funds released by the Government of India should be used properly and in a clean and transparent manner. According to the budget of the Government of India, Eklavya Model Schools should be established in Sub-divisions or blocks where the residents of They must be indigenous and their population shall not be less than 50 per cent of the population or not less than 20,000,” said Jual Oram in his speech on Tuesday. The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chairman of St. Anthony's College. State Planning Board appointed Lambor Malngiang.
The Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah A. Lakiang today sent a letter to the Legislative Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Latiplang Kharkongkor as Chief Executive Member.
GL Chyne Mylliem, EAC Amlarem Sub Division, blessed the trainees.
He said that these three areas that we have to avoid are to prevent drugs from entering the area so that the youth can escape from being affected by drugs. one is to avoid child marriage and the third is to avoid adultery.
She said that the job of teacher is not a voluntary job but a responsible job and should be taken seriously as it is the duty to shape the future of the children to become strong citizens of the country.
Today, July 18 and tomorrow July 19 and July 20, 2023, there will be snowfall, heavy and heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the body of a man has been found lying between the divider of the NH-1 6 in Ri Bhoi and which falls under the village of 12mer and opposite the Punjabi Dhaba.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Saturday inaugurated the Primary Health Center at Lawbah at a cost of Rs 4.19 crore.
Shillong, July 18 : The Rasong Sports Social and Cultural Club (IRSSCC) Shillong in a statement through Bah S.Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary today announced that the club will hold a General Council Meeting and Happy New Year Together,' on the 7th of this month at Shillong Club Ltd, Shillong at 2 pm.
Most of them earn their living from farming and most of the people working in the quarries are from other districts of the state, he added.
It is for this reason that there was a Lakadong Mission, a Piggery Mission, a Poultry Mission and so on.
The company promises to recycle them for you.
After that, the captain of the team Pynishai Lathong missed the opportunity.
“On behalf of the School Managing Committee of Mukhla Raij, we wish the MLA a healthy and strong body and may God bless him more and more. I bless you," said Sari.
“This step is part of the decisions taken by the Commission to ensure a fair and impartial election,” said the Commission, which also requested an implementation report from the Ministry on the matter.
The army has not yet confirmed whether any of the Bangladeshis were killed or injured in the shooting.
When you hear this, you ask a rangli bapli, do you have God's spah (tyngka)? When a person worships God for money, he no longer has that knowledge and he writes only to achieve that purpose.
The Police Department should prosecute this person under strict legal provisions in accordance with the provisions of the Act on racial discrimination on the basis of religious, ethnic and linguistic differences.
Shillong, October 21: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Basaiawmoit on Thursday said that after the MP elections, the All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA) will showcase its work. part of the nation.
The people gathered at all the open shops to buy rice and other food items.
In addition, due to the natural disasters such as hurricanes, the collapse of mountains and rivers during the rainy season due to the instability of the soil, because there are no more trees that hold the soil moisture. bring about the destruction of the residents’ homes.
There are 26 shelters or reslief camps that have been prepared and 27 farmland that have been damaged.
Jowai, March 31: The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District today organized the Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 and the National Unity Day Run. Khroobok Passah, District Sports Officer, WJHD in the presence of members of the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
“We demand that his name should be removed from the list of students who have been selected to study MBBS from the state because he is not a full resident of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District. “The Thangskai Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter to the Minister.
The MTET graduates from R Bhoi District said that many schools are facing problems due to the shortage of teachers, according to the education policy, especially for the students who should have received them. The lack of teachers has affected the number of students attending school.
This law shall apply immediately until the public meeting is held.
Similarly, in the 2003 elections, he returned to power after defeating Bah RA Lyngdoh.
These documents can be obtained from the website of the Ministry of Mining, and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Three children of Waddalin, Ibalincy Mylliemlong, 8 years old, Lumlang Mylliemngap, 6 years old and Iaieitlang Mylliemngap, 2 and a half years old, were buried in the ground. With the help of neighbours, these three persons were rescued.
Shillong, Lber 22 : After two days of attempts to operate a new one way road from Dhankheti and Laitumkhrah, the traffic police found that traffic jam has increased, which has affected the traffic and students.
He has made a great contribution to the KSU in the area for the development of the society and his passing away is a great loss to the KSU and the village of Saphai as a whole.
Rhea Chakraborty today confessed in the Supreme Court that she loves Sushant Singh Rajput.
Orester Mawlong said that many of them have received licenses, but the union has found that many of them have received licenses from Hynniewtrep Archery, but they have not found any from Khasi Archery.
Shillong: Three days of shocking incidents have occurred in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) from the 10th to today.
It is called St. John Bosco Shrine, Cherrapunjee (Sohra).
To reach that goal, they must work hard and have a love for reading a variety of books that will improve their knowledge in all subjects and not just reading classroom books so that they can succeed. Various examinations are conducted by the Union Public Service Commission, Staff Selection Commission, Bank Examination, Special Recruitment Board, District Selection Committee and other examination departments.
When I summarize all these things, in my little understanding I find that these intentions of these world leaders, as I have mentioned above, I find that they have to do with this present situation and In my understanding, this disease was not created by China or the US as scientists believe or that it came from nature, but it was agreed upon by all the leaders of the world and there is some conspiracy of the world's leading leaders.
He said the BJP in government cannot be clear on this and neither can the UDP.
In fact, this road is the only one known as the “one time improvement for strengthening of existing pavement”, which is just cleaned to repair the old pavement.
The NBCC has strongly opposed the resignation of Congress MDC Gabriel from the KHADC, alleging that he is a man who used to fight against the party in the elections and recently in the MLA elections. , MDC and MP. In a meeting with reporters, u Bah Gabriel said that the appointment of MDC to him is the responsibility of the party. day your name was sent.
To those who love, he gives a certificate that the sordar can buy land and take 5,000 rupees from the government scheme but to those who don't want to, he doesn't,” said Curtis.
The teaser of the short documentary film which will be released soon was also shown.
My religion teaches me that God has put us here on earth for a reason and it is our duty to achieve that purpose,” said Vivek Ramaswamy.
Meghalaya will play against Goa on the 24th.
In his keynote address, the Chief of Sengkur Warjri, Bah DL Warjri, urged the Kurs to strengthen the Kurs by supporting other Kurs in Ri Khasi so that they can the rise of the nation.
Dutt hopes that the curfew will end and that his children and wife will return.
With this victory, Ryntih SC has three points and now has six points.
It's for all these reasons that it's important," he said.
The training started from 29th to 27th November 2023. The training was concluded with the distribution of certificates to the trainees who completed the training in the presence of the Director of the institute.
The union does not want anything tragic to happen in the village like what happened in Khliehriat, because these electrical wires, have no roots anymore, and can collapse at any time.
He said that the NPP government has put forward the problems of the people and it is because of the selflessness of the leaders in the past five years that many government schemes, projects, roads, The development of agriculture, women through SHGs in the last 5 years alone has been more than the governments of the past 50 years since independence.
King Baldwister and the Secretary of the Hima, Bah Andreas Lyngdoh, also admitted that during the reign of King Nangteising, there was no census of the Hima.
Lalringnungi, the daughter of Zothanluanga and Lalhlimpuii, and her daily job is to help sell jhur at the market, but yesterday, it was a different incident, when the buyers jhur and the travelers went to shake hands with her.
If the Seng Bhalangs with tens of thousands of members remain silent, it will be a shame to themselves and the people of the country.
'We've never been to India, it's very exciting and we'll work hard' The Reason, which made the band famous on the Billboard charts in 2004, It will be played tomorrow, and the group will sing the song tomorrow.
He was later elected from the constituency in 2019 as the NPP candidate against the BJP candidate Goruk Pordung.
The President of the Association, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, said that they have received information from the government that the central government has sent the money yesterday and it will take 10 months for the state government to complete the work.
The religion, customs and life of the Khasi are very unique because they are based on the knowledge of man, the knowledge of God, the knowledge of the Kur, the Kha and the earning of righteousness. they didn't.
According to the findings of experts and researchers, many people especially nowadays are slow in terms of eye care and therefore they suffer and have to lose their eyesight even at an early age.
“This is to intimidate us,” said DMK leader MK Stalin. A similar incident happened in Karnataka, where Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy took to the streets. to strongly oppose the search by the Revenue Department in the State.
The Commission, which has 12 members, will be headed by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC as the Shnongknor and the Secretary of the Executive Committee, Bah A.Nonghuloo as the Secretary.
Other foreigners cannot recognize the Khasi youth because they look like South Asians in their dress.
The burial of Jesus in a tomb has been discovered by scientists to be true.
The party's almanac also includes a picture of the party's candidate for the election, Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit and a picture of the party's founder, who is also Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, former MLA of Nongstoiñ (L) Maieit Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
