Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat North Liberty HS School 1-0 and Govt Boy's HSS beat HK Singh Memorial SS 4-2 in the tie breaker. Laishnong HS School beat Marian Hill 2-0 HS School.
"Don't build a house on the sand, but make the grand vision that comes to your imagination", he said.
He said that only two residents have reported the damage to the Rangbah Shnong, namely, the family of Kong Kynjai Rymbai and the family of Ma Pre Surong. house in the storm.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of March
Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem said that Mawkhar village has many stories to remember and as a village it needs to continue to improve in all aspects.
The Project Director of VHAM, Eudora Wanda Warjri, said that she has not yet received a report on the matter, but VHAM will conduct its own investigation to find out the facts.
Leiyoo Phawa in the 29th minute and Phourki Chyrmang in the 70th minute scored two more goals for Lumkhangdong.
The night passed and they fell asleep in the darkness of the night.
Brazil beat Germany 7-1 in the semi-finals at Belo Horizonte.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including 7 high risk cases and one case from abroad.
The party office bearers and MPs/MLAs should work together so that the party will be strong, able to work and serve better the people and win more votes. seat in the election.
Shillong, July 4, 2013: The Khasi Seng Raij Children's Festival will be held once a year at the National Youth Festival. 16th and 17th of this month at Nonglang village in South West Khasi Hills District, on the road through Tyrsad-Weiloi-Jakrem-Mawkyrwat village, about 75 kilometers from Shillong.
Speaking on the problems faced by the residents of the constituency, Auspicious stressed that the PDF has emerged on the basis of cooperation with the farmers' groups, day laborers and others. it has not turned its attention to implementing and developing them with proper mechanisms like others in the state.
Hurdles CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 105 runs for the loss of all the batsmen in 19.3 overs.
He preached the Word of God by taking from John chapter 4, verse 5 and so on.
On this occasion, Dr. Jitrendra Singh replied that he is confident that this year will be a year of tourism growth in the region as many people who are willing to travel to Europe will has been restricted due to the Covid pandemic but tourist attractions in the area have largely escaped the impact of the pandemic.
He said that the officers and employees working under the Child Protection Services have not yet received their salaries for four months and besides this, there is no donation to them, although they provide a complete and comprehensive service for the welfare of children.
According to the report, the village has 113 cases and 7 deaths.
Therefore, let us spread to other languages, with the aim of developing our own language.
From time to time, there are cases of theft, robbery, murder, robbery, rape or violence against women and children where there is no peace in the society especially for them. women and children.
Everyone who wants to work should have the hope they need and how will it be?
To make this project a success, the cooperation of all stakeholders from the Meghalaya Public Works Department (MPWD), the Government of Meghalaya and the Village Authorities is required.
He said that when we got our own state, the Reservation Policy had already been implemented but this Reservation Policy has many provisions, which has led the Garo youth to implement it. the Roster System.
On the other hand, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has promised that the government will take action to resolve the issue of recruitment in the agriculture department. the state, which has been in poverty for a long time.
I asked for help, from the police.
He said that this is to strengthen the tradition of giving birth to mothers which has been going on since ancient times.
The Seng urges the district authorities to send people to fight immediately so that the border villages can regain peace and order and complete the construction of this road.
The posts of Organizing Secretary and Assistant Organizing Secretary have been appointed by Bah Arki Mylliemngap and Bah Ialamphrang Mylliemngap.
“If the VC does not respond to the letter dated 12th November, it will force NEHUTA to write a detailed report on the violation of the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances. VC to the President of India, who is also a visitor to the university, office of the Prime Minister, Union Minister of Education, Dharmendra Pradhan, Union Finance Minister, Nirmala Sitharaman, Governor, Phagu Chauhan, Chief Rector of the University, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and others,” said the statement.
He said that in November 2022, it was announced that Bah Eugeneson will contest and Bah Auspicious has decided to contest.
In football, Oresterwell Lyngshiang, Saveme Tariang, Figo Syndai and Wadajiedkynsai Ryngkhlem were the winners.
After the search, the NTC chief urged the people to obey the government's directives and that is to wear masks when they go to the police station. He added that wearing masks will prevent the spread of COVID-19 in public places and especially on the streets.
It can be said here that due to the corruption of the political system in our state, Bah Deng is no longer able to return to state politics.
The union also strongly condemns those foreigners who issue ration cards and epic cards to foreigners in Amlarem Sub division by pretending to be full residents of War Jaintia, said the statement. At least 21 people have died of Japanese Encephalitis in Assam in the past three months, the government said today.
According to sources, the Assam Rifles conducted a raid as part of the arrest of the NSCN (IM) leader identified as At least Three.
In this regard, the HC has given the state government time to implement all the orders of the SC and NGT within four months.
It is shocking and surprising to see only in the newspapers the 'byrthen kum u laren' speeches of the State Government which has only found a “Buhthong” in various development projects to implement or improve the State in all the fields.
This comes after the team and he accepted a social contract between them until the end of the current season.
“We have decided that from now on we have to ensure that no companies, central government offices including schools in the state do not take advantage of the indigenous people,” said Richard Mawkhiew GS of KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
The ruling PDF has met with the Governor on this issue and the opposition ARPA has also met with him earlier to demand that he stop before accepting it until the rules are reintroduced. removed.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ardent said the party will not expect to win many seats but as a party it hopes to win all the seats.
About 200 Congress youths took part in the protest led by MPYC President Richard Mrong Marak.
“The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee is deeply saddened and deeply saddened to see the name of Kong Jhanika Siangshai as the party candidate from the 6th Khliehriat Assembly Constituency. meetings with party leaders and workers at block and district levels.
On the same day, Nehemayah Tyngkan also released the song Iooksi Pyllun.
He urged everyone to protect the forests and preserve the environment.
Although the bill is not expected to be implemented, it is understood that many US leaders and ministers want to support Israel in terms of and Israel's offensive and invasion against Hamas militants, who have ruled Gaza for decades, for the actions of these militants against Israel on 7 March 2023 is not ready.
Kumar also said that the security teams, officers at the polling stations will not know where they will go and the security teams will not know where their team will go, he said.
After a while they finished and Lanosha was ready to do her job.
According to Nigel Jenkins, a famous London writer, Rev. Thomas Jones fled to Calcutta to escape the captivity of Captain Harry English by taking the eastern route.
“Furthermore, in English we call it the Constitution of India and in Hindi we call it Bharat the Samvidhan,” he added.
So far, the department has been able to identify only 27 out of the 115 bodies recovered from the village.
The program was organized in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills and various government departments.
The Director of the Rajya Military Board Meghalaya, Colonel Gautam Rai said that the meeting of the retired soldiers living in Garo Hills will help alleviate the problems faced by these soldiers.
“India has 1.25 crore citizens, it is necessary to examine their status to know who is from India and who is not,” he said.
The Yatri Niwas Bhagwati Nagar in Jammu has been identified as a refuge for pilgrims from all over the country before they leave for Kashmir to visit the crematorium. Amarnath is a holy place at an altitude of 3,880 metres.
In Meghalaya, according to the 2011 census, the deaf are the highest paid among the disabled.
Villages below Pynursla like Mawkliaw, Tyrngei, Mawlatang and surrounding villages have not received electricity for several months, even after they have lodged a complaint with the relevant authorities. he is also a branch.
“There will also be awards for the villages which have beautiful paintings and especially for the artists who have shown their skills,” said the Minister. the village.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana (PMAY), the number of beneficiaries has reached 12,732 in the initial implementation.
On Tuesday morning, when they went to search for the body, the police found it.
He brought a large banner to walk around Aitnar which is the holy place of Behdeinkhlam on Sunday.
But when no one opened the way, they had to leave as they were.
Meanwhile, the screening center at Bajengdoba will only screen those who enter North Garo Hills and East Garo Hills Districts.
He said that as an MDC, he has helped more with Khaw, besides, he has helped with other food items to the people. long according to the needs of the people.
As stated by the incumbent President, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew and these former leaders, the purpose of the meeting was to strengthen the RBYF and also that the RBYF will continue to serve for the development of the The RBYF has been involved in many areas to bring about change in Ri Bhoi since its inception in 1979, he said. Nongpoh, Lber 31: To look back on the 25 years that Nongmawlong Presbyterian LP School has served to promote education and improve education in the area, the authorities The Nongmawlong Presbyterian LP School, today celebrated the Silver Jubilee of the 25th Anniversary of the school. He was born in 1997 in Nongmawlong Village, Ri Bhoi.
The program was sponsored by the State Office, KVIC, Shillong.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah HS Shylla, CEM, today honored 19 journalists at a meeting held at the Conference Hall. These 19 journalists have contributed to the country and the nation in the past 40 years through their reporting during the that the District Council shall hold the dorbar and other duties of the Council.
The seized vehicles were a Maruti 800 local taxi and a Maruti 800 private vehicle No. ML04A-3608 ML 04 A
“The HPC has sat down to approve (the new height of the house) and there was also a need to approve the cost of the work.
The report said that out of the 9,180 prisoners with mental illness, 41.3% (3,787) were convicted, 58.4% (5,365) were under trial and 0.3% (23) They are being investigated for arrest to determine whether they have been involved in crimes.
Commander Shangpliang President of the Hill Farmers' Union (HFU) said that after the request of the union to issue an order regarding the illegal kilo harvesting of jhur in Iewduh, The Syiem and the Dorbar have approved and issued the order, so the party congratulates on this.
Others, who had paid tens of thousands of dollars, had been able to gather in the first harvest, but many had been left behind.
Shillong: Police wanted to take the body of Bah Tyngshaiñ Mukhim to Assam for post mortem, but after talking to the authorities, it was stopped and taken. The body was taken to Civil Hospital, Nongpoh for post mortem and the report of the post mortem will be communicated jointly between Meghalaya and Assam.
This writer, who was able to take part in this Bible Convention, in every session of Father Antony Aluvassery V.C, conducts a prayer for the sick and after the prayer asks the sick by saying “Whoever is sick who feels healed please stand up or raise your hand” and some of the sick raised their hands and stood from their seats and with happy faces and smiles clapped and sang praises. Thank God that through the prayer of His Servant (Blei), Father Antony Alussery V.C, God has heard and they have been healed from various diseases which have plagued them for years. They were helped by the medicines of the hospital and the medicines of Kymbat (Kabiraij).
The CEM and MP of Karbi Anglong district yesterday clashed at Mukroh village on the allegation that they are illegally staying in Mukroh village. of Meghalaya and is not in the midst of a border dispute.
The main reason is that since the outbreak of drug abuse in Shillong, no drug traffickers have been arrested but those who have been arrested are those who sell less than 1 gram of pearls and drug users.
There were also many sports and competitions including motorcycle race, boat race and mountain climbing and rock climbing in which many participants came from all over the State and as well as from outside the State and the country.
The recipients of the Chief Minister's Police Medal-2022 include DGP Dr Bishnoi, Vivek Syiem SP (City), Queenie AB Fancon, MPS, Asst.Commandant SF10; u Ravi K Sangma, North Garo Hills; Marbin B Marak of 5th MLP Bn, Samanda, East Garo Hills; Wisonroy Nongtdu, UBI of East Jaintia Hills; Simseng A.Sangma, UBI, In-Charge Special Operation Team/Anti Narcotic Task Force, East Khasi Hills; Johnny Foster Thangkhiew, UBI, SB (HQ); Samuel Wanniang, UBSI, SB (HQ); of Ibashisha Kharpran, WPSI; to Nabin Chandra Barman, SBC, Special Branch; Rephika Mawlong, AB/WPC, Office of Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills; C.OPR, MPRO HQ, Shillong; Ibanri Syngkli, WP.BNC, 6th MLP Bn, Umran and Siddarth Thapa, BNC, 1st MLP Bn.
The ULFA(I) leader told television media that the attack was carried out on the orders of the group's leader, SS Khaplang.
Earlier, only about 10 years ago, Assam used to border only to Moojem and Moolber, but now we see that these two villages of Assam don't know how to mushlia anymore because it has confirmed that these two villages. These lands have fallen under Assam even though they have not yet fallen under Assam.
If this is the case, we will withdraw from the negotiations," the statement said.
Zoramtha said he did not accept such an act.
Nohwet is a village in East Khasi Hills District.
Righteousness has increased, sin has increased, even in this revelation of the Almighty, that the sound of the cry of wickedness has increased, as the days and years go by. The wrath of God is increasing, and it is time for the end to come.
When asked whether he intends to contest the Lok Sabha election from the Shillong Parliamentary seat, Shangpliang said, “I want to say clearly that I have joined the NPP without any conditions.
Discussing the issue of loan amnesty, the judges, including Justice Ashok Bhushan and MR Shah, demanded that the Indian government should clarify its intention on the amnesty and why. It also promised to send information relating to the case to the court.
He said the DC has informed the union that the Revenue Department will conduct an inspection and send a report.
Attempts were made to search for the missing children but nothing was found, so a notice was sent across the country to search for them.
He helped Real Madrid win the Champions League by beating Atletico Madrid in the final.
What is more surprising is that out of the 57 members, 20 members belong to the same clan, 20 members belong to the Meena clan, 20 members belong to the Kumar clan and some members belong to the Kumar clan. Sharma.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of Law and Order, Stephanson Mukhim, Local MLA, CEM of JHADC, Justice SR Sen, officials of the Meghalaya High Court. , West Jaintia Hills District officials, residents and other invitees witnessed the opening ceremony of the Maw Nongrim.
On Thursday, eight new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1482 in the state.
The HYC said that the residents of these villages have faced problems because the water wells of these villages which they use every day have been affected.
The Congress has criticized the UDP MLA for making statements that Dr. Mukul Sangma should step down from the post of Prime Minister.
The first goal came through Bansanbha Khongsdam who passed the ball to Wansiewdor who headed it.
Teiborlang Dhar scored 50 runs from 25 balls while Maitshaphrang Khongjee scored 45 runs from 25 balls.
Lister took over as Political Agent at that time and Sohra became the capital of Assam.
As a result of this scheme, there have been 91 crore portability transactions since its inception.
In the U-14 category, North Liberty H/S School beat Little Flower H/S School 4-2 in the tie breaker.
On the other hand, the religious leaders of Sohiong Pyllun also informed him about many of the problems faced by the Khasi religion in the Sohiong area.
In Ribhoi, there are 20 cases, of which 7 are soldiers and 13 others, while in East Jaintia Hills, there is one case.
Meanwhile, the driver of the car escaped by taking advantage of the forest lightning and the darkness of the night and leaving behind the cows and the car.
“The MLA, who is one of the four MLAs who were suspended for supporting the MDA government, said that she is surprised that although the Congress has not released the four MLAs, and thou shalt be called by others.
Tropsibon Breakdown, Sd.
Speaking to media, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew said, “We are sorry that this land (of the Thangkhiew clan in Khanapara) which is not in dispute and is our land.
Tomorrow, Shangpung Lumïawmushai will play against Ladthalaboh at 3.00 pm.
Nongpoh: Pedestrians in Nongpoh township, this evening, were shocked by the sudden explosion of pataka bombs at a place where explosives are sold and known as bula bombs.
He said that according to the experts of the health department, since the beginning of the outbreak in the state, the spread of the disease has decreased.
As part of the explanation of the implementation of the arrest of these ISIS militants, police said that many police teams have been formed to search for these militants after they were arrested. get information about their presence in this area and about their intention to go to Ahmedabad for carrying out terrorist activities in the country.
Sporlin, the village chief, said that the village authorities had gone to meet with their MLA Martin M Dango on the matter, but they ended up with only promises.
Sarot I Man, one of the groups of elders from Jowai, has donated blood at Jowai Blood Bank, Panaliar, Jowai.
Let us pray that all the Pastors who have a strong spirit to contest the 2023 elections, will win all with their own hard work, the support of the people and the blessings of He is the Creator of all things.
He said that it is the decision of the court to remove the land vendors who sell along the road and it is the duty of the Hima to find a new place for them especially after they have paid the daily tax to the Hima. while they were still shopping.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ajoy Nongrum, General Secretary, Kur Nongrum, said, “Justin Jamatia is not a Khasi, he is not our Kur”. The KSU and the Dorbar Shnong Lawmali, in collaboration with the Lawmali Dorbar Shnong, have investigated the case.
He added that the contractor has admitted that the construction of the road has been funded by the central government.
Besides, one of the truck drivers said that the foreigner's behavior has angered all the truck drivers, because when he went to ask for the fare, he gave 10,000 tyngka per metric tonne. two thousand tyngka and sometimes he doesn't give them a penny but he drives them out of his office.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War, has been placed in quarantine.
Passah said KHNAM has also found that when foreigners renew their licenses, it is the employees of the District Council who go to smuggle foreigners.
The total distance traveled by them till date is 43,000 Km.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday demanded that the NEIGRIHMS should suspend the recruitment for the post of Nursing Officers. through Nursing Officer Recruitment Eligibility Test (NORCET)-5.
Regarding the roads, Bah Pius Marweiñ has helped to repair some of the roads and places that have been damaged by the natural forces in these areas. The roads were smooth and smooth and vehicles and people were able to walk and stand on the roads.
It has decided to wait for the deadline given to the JHADC, which is six months from 1st November, 2015 to 1st July, 2016, to remove the garbage dumps. I was born in Mukjai.
“Even we have difficulty understanding the spoken language even though we have been provided with the text.
Incentives for ASHA workers and assistants have also been increased.
This is the 20th time that the group has held a ceremony to recognize the hard work of the students from the area in their studies.
The victim was identified as Kong Badaphun Rapsang, 26, who works as a contract staff nurse in the Obstetrics and Gynecology Ward of Neigrihms Hospital Shillong. age.
Prestone said the Cabinet has recently approved the decision to allow its members to speak the Khasi and Garo languages. Khasi and Garo languages.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that almost all the people from the state especially students have returned from Manipur to the state, and in the last three days, about 300 people have returned to the state. after.
Shameless usekess,hopeless government.
Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also one of the leading leaders of the Trinamool Congress, said that he has brought money from the World Bank, Asian Bank, JAICA and other international organizations to hire and pay salaries. teacher.
“It is not known where these items have reached Bangladesh but it is not our duty but it is our concern,” he said.
Shillong, June 16: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, former Minister of State and currently Adviser to the State Government on Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, has called on the synsar traders who trade through the Mawïong Market to be aware of the that they should not despise the farmers.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has decided to strengthen the rules and regulations laid down in relation to the that place I Blei.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Agriculture, Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA, Nongstoin Constituency. -tuency, Bah G.Momin MLA Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah.
However, they should be encouraged by saying every day, “You were born to be great.
Until now, there are many leaders who don't know anything about this important issue.
However, it is alleged that when they arrived at the police station, the 2nd Officer In-charge instead of listening to the complaint, insulted and threatened the members of the HYC and later threw them into the police station and shot and bombed them. The President of the party, Lamphrang Khonglam, was injured.
The Trinamool Congress has opposed the bill but the NPP has supported it.
Damewnhi Rymbai said that he chose agriculture after the NGT ban on mining and transportation of coal in the state and this NGT ban has left him and his fellow villagers in poverty. loud.
“If we work together, I hope that the UDP in Umsning will win, but because of the rich people, they reject me,” he said.
Shillong, July 20: Can the highest paid Christians in Meghalaya be called low paid? The Supreme Court on Tuesday said this while hearing a petition to declare the Sikh community, the largest ethnic group in Punjab, as a minority.
The All India Public Sector Sports Control Board, which was established in 1987, has organized many events such as Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Carrom, Chess, Cricket, Football, Golf, Hockey, Kabaddi, Table Tennis and Volleyball across the country.
It is one of the 5 star hotels in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: Cooperson Lyngdoh Nonglait, 19, of Sohparu Lawse village, who went missing from his home on the 10th of this month, has been found dead at Syngku village, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today launched the ambulance under the Chief Minister's Special Urban Development Fund 2012-13 at a short meeting at Goanang Baptist Church. Now.
The death toll in England has risen to 437 today, the lowest number of deaths.
We live in a democracy.
The state has further said that illegal activities stemming from the mining industry should not be prosecuted under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), which falls outside the jurisdiction of the ED. DMK government has lied against farmers by failing to provide water for their farming and by announcing a meager compensation after crop damage, said AIADMK General Secretary Edappadi K. Palaniswami.
Shillong, October 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will celebrate the National Day on the 4th of June
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government is trying to find ways to reduce the power outage in the state.
In this regard, two persons have been taken to the police station for further investigation.
Many times they come to the offices of newspapers and put up articles which are just like public announcements or posters without any open words to request or help publish their articles.
At the same time, she demanded that the government should punish those who went to inspect the road during the repair or construction of the road. “Those PWD employees who agree that it is sufficient should be punished,” said Agnes, referring to the over sear or engineers who went to inspect the work.
It was recommended that States should conduct sero-surveys to obtain information on preventive measures in the districts as the sero-prevalence survey of the Central Government is a multi-part survey completed in collaboration with the ICMR. to ensure the order of the work.
She also explained which people can donate blood and which people cannot donate after testing all the requirements. She also said that blood donation is one of the ways to cleanse the body. you are a man.
Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong in collaboration with the State Nodal Agency MHIS-AB-PMJAY of the Government of Meghalaya will conduct a trekking as part of the celebration of World Kidney Day on 9th October .
On this occasion, the party has honored these two MLAs of the party who have been elected by the people with jaiñ ryndia and also awards for their efforts as leaders of the people. for the purpose of bringing about change not only in the Constituencies but in the District as a whole.
At present, 69 trains have been suspended, 32 trains have been diverted and 26 trains have been shortened.
Shillong Lajong FC was the first club from the North East to play in the I-League in 2009 and this club from our state has once again returned to the I-League. play in the I-League this year.
Babu Aris said that people compare the economic development of Meghalaya and Mizoram and people believe that Mizoram has grown a lot in all these areas.
Ms Iadamon said that when talking about violence, most of the time it is only for women but violence happens even to boys.
The farmers, on the other hand, must repay the land and interest with the produce of the land or with the livestock.
We don't know which other areas the Assam government will not accept even though they are areas without dispute.
The UDP leaders said that the residents of Khapsor are facing problems due to the high fees charged by MUDA for the purpose of issuing Occupancy Certificate for the construction of houses. for Labor Cess.
In a letter to the Law Commission, the Church pointed out that the UCC could affect the beliefs, customs and traditions as well as the special rights of the indigenous people.
Shillong, November 16 : The 29th State Karate Championship 2023 was held at the JN Stadium in Shillong on Thursday. a Ball.
The old year will be gone forever and we look forward to the new year with prayers for it to be a good and better year.
News broadcasters shall endeavor to provide information to the public in a systematic manner, on relevant electoral matters, political parties, candidates, election campaigns and the voting process in accordance with the guidelines laid down under the The Representation of the People Act 1951 bad da ka Election Commission of India.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the jhur traders of all the areas under the jurisdiction of the council to discuss the affected issues. in the curfew, which has lasted for 40 days in the state.
Dr. HC Lyndem, Director of DHS(MI) launched the portal at the DHS Headquarters in Shillong.
Two persons including a HNYF leader have been arrested on charges of involvement in the IED blast in Mawlong Market.
On 25th June 2022, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) approved the government to relocate them from Mawlong Market on the grounds that the government will provide 200 square meters of land for each household. within the boundaries of the European Ward and also to build houses for themselves.
The march started from the road leading to the factory and walked along the dirt road until it reached the factory where the construction of the factory is underway.
It is learned that these various organizations will meet on 3rd November 2018, to prepare for their protest programmes, which they will continue to conduct in the future.
She said that the visit from one village to another is not only to talk about the elections, but it is necessary in Khasi/Jaiñtia Hills to establish any political party that will. to unite the people again as the Congress party.
“My dear people, we need your strong support from the body, soul and along with the advocacy with God,” he said.
After opening the meeting, the Chairman of the HBDRF said that several decisions were taken at the meeting related to border issues.
Hundreds of people from all over the country, including students and teachers of St. Peter's, Pyndengrei, teachers and members of the Kids Tarari Choir, attended the funeral service. They sang themselves, which caused a heartfelt cry from the singers and which encouraged those who came to the funeral, many of whom did not do anything without singing and cried together.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the state government has set a target to provide the best services in the area and this PHC is an example of their hard work to provide services and facilities. to the people when they are sick, whether in the city or in the countryside.
According to the KHADC, out of the 44 foreigners who appealed to the High Court, 20 are exporters which means they don't have shops but only an office.
On this occasion, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District also honored Kong Margret Pathaw, one of the women who won the gold medal at the World Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey. and they gave him raiment, and other gifts, and money.
However, this reckoning and this para 3 of the Resolution will no longer have any place if we implement the Reservation as per this O.M.dated
Hundreds of people have died and thousands are still undergoing treatment to recover from the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state.
This is the second death in the lake of fire (physical and spiritual death).
In this regard, it was said that the lawyers of the suspect have refused to plead that the suspect was not a thief with a bad mark. The lawyer of the child has argued before the court that the punishment should be at least three years. and can reach up to five years.
At the same time, the public especially those with limited income are urged to go and get medicine from this place.
And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever.
The names of the schools participating in the tournament include OM Roy Memorial School, Jaiaw Presbyterian School, Nongkwar Pres.
There were also 3 workers killed.
He explained that the UDP has two ministerial seats while the BJP and HSPDP have one seat each.
We have found that the KHADC has confirmed the ethnic cleansing of the Dkhars where both the mother and father are Dkhars but they have been ethnic Khasi and the Executive Committee of the KHADC has approved the opposite. the Khasi Lineage Act and the Khasi Lineage Act.
Speaking on the awarding ceremony for the two players who led the Meghalaya Team in the Santosh Trophy in Saudi Arabia, Manbhakupar Iawphniaw and Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, he said that They have set a good example for other youngsters to have the spirit to fight and reach other levels to lead not only Meghalaya but also the country. India too.
These women have lodged a complaint with the long-time students of the university, but the attempt to resolve the issue has not come to fruition and has caused a stir among the students.
Nongpoh: Christina Mukhim of Jorbil Killing village, together with Kaikha Saprina of Pillangkata, who were accused of robbing other people of their land, yesterday arrested a suspect. They have come forward to clarify the allegation that they were involved in the robbery of others' land, which happened at Iongkhuli and Abri Killing villages, Ri Bhoi District.
Thou hast praised the gods of silver, and of gold, and of brass, and of iron, and of wood, and of stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor know.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Basaïawmoit said that if the VPP gives its opinion to the Government, it will have no other opinion to propose the Expert Committee.
This will benefit the residents as well as the drivers.
“We also request the Meghalaya government not to listen to this because silence is a sign of approval and as the saying goes, the silence of good people destroys the country and the country. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Sungoh.
He said that the Education Policy will be for all teachers in the state and not just for one group of teachers or just for SSA teachers. On the other hand, the SPD said that the MTET will not be compulsory. Teachers who have been appointed before 23rd July 2010 are in accordance with NCTE norms.
Before we left, we visited a lynter shop along the road in Sunapur, near the Lukha Bridge, which is full of mynder shops.
The Trust is currently trying to set up a park and recreation areas along the river and vacant areas near the 1st Ground for children and family members and a cafe. for their availability.
In this regard, the SNSBH urges the KHADC to take action with the State Government for the smooth running of the Village Government System in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and to complete this task immediately without delay. The Union said that the State Government has failed in all aspects in bringing about peace and understanding.
“Purno's era has ended in Garo Hills.
The member of the party was injured and lodged a complaint at the police station and after this, the police took him to a hospital.
After cleaning with dewbilat, the machine should be turned to harden and after that, wait for 20 days to harden.
Therefore, the union urges the government to expedite as much as possible not only the work, but also the operation of the mynder gate, so that it will be a protection for the people from being overwhelmed by the police. mirror.
As of this morning, it is not clear how many US citizens in the country have been infected and affected by the attack in Israel, but It is understood that many US citizens have been in the area since Saturday and Sunday.
Shillong: A 40-year-old man from Amlarem village has been shot dead by a group of people at Amtapoh of Amlarem Civil Sub Division.
This comes after they beat Riangdo 2-0 on Tuesday at the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jowe Unit led by Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice President and Nickson Dohling, Organizing Secretary. The damage has not been repaired since it was swept away by the storm and hail last year.
Madanrting SC beat Nongkolew SC 2-0 with two goals from Shain Mujai in the 45th and 68th minutes.
“We have sent a proposal to the Central Government to allocate funds through the MHA to set up Police Outposts in the border areas.
On the same day, the ERP and walking area for students with disabilities were also inaugurated.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The EJNC has demanded that the government should declare a public holiday in East Jaintia Hills on the 24th of November which is the day of the death of two persons in the shooting death by police in Moohkep. Setlang Phawa and Derstmon Siangshai during the protest against the ban on coal mining in the state.
“If the government does this in such a way that it will turn into an election issue, it will turn into an election issue for them in the MLA election in 2023,” he said.
“Because he is the Chief Minister of the state, I wanted to tell Conrad K Sangma what happened because I thought that if she told him, she would get help but what surprised me was that “The Prime Minister has told me not to tell anything about this incident and it is better for her to keep quiet,” she said.
Acts 9:20-2
Those people who have never received or experienced love in their lives, are often seen spending the night just to fight, to fight with others and to be sad in their lives than those who have loved or received love.
We don't mind when the meat farmers ban the sale of beef in the past few days, because they have a clear, pure mind and that is that they want to get the meat themselves. or to ban the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh (if it cannot be banned completely).
That battle was fought between Haiñ Syiem, who helped his brother on the one hand, and the Ar Bakhraw on the other. Rangjyrteh has become a desolate village and has lost all its silver and shohthaw.
Kni asked him if he was well and he said he was well.
They said that this month on the night of the 14th June 2023 at 12:30 pm, they heard the sound of people breaking into the Masi house.
There is also a fine of T.200 and imprisonment for violation of this Act.
Nongpoh, July 14: The Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (RIC) has celebrated the World Blood Donors Day with a ceremony to mark the World Blood Donors Day. Donate blood to the Blood Bank of Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
On the other hand, Ms. Paidolyne L Nonglait, Officer in charge of Schools in Ri-Bhoi District, congratulated the KSU for encouraging the students to come forward and encouraging them in the field of education and service. The KSU will also encourage the students to continue to persevere so that they can reach the level of fame with the encouragement and encouragement to them to continue to persevere. in education without wasting time and hope in life.
Nongstoiñ, July 14: The Nonbah and Nondeiñ rivers are the two rivers flowing through the town of Nongstoiñ and the presence of these rivers will be a great blessing to the people, if they know how to keep clean and that the government is looking into how to improve both sides of these rivers.
By 1955, 33,269 international tourists had come to India, generating foreign earnings of Rs 10.30 crore.
The Puja Committees shall select the names of the members who will sit in the vehicles and shall be issued with identity cards.
“About 10 months ago we received information that he had gone to meet BJP leaders in Guwahati.
Informing about this on 17th June, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “Today I have approved the new Tender Committee and this time we are to better manage processes.
Jowai, November 9: The KSU Laskein Circle (KSU-LC) on Tuesday said that it supports the motion of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM from Jaiaw, to implement or renew the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Districts. (Constitution of District Council) Rules, 1951 which prohibits Garo or other ethnic groups (or mynder from the north) from contesting MDC or voting in KHADC and JHADC in order to protect the Khasi people.
Those who attended the meeting included Bah Ivanlumlang Marbanniang, Co-Chairman of MCCL, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, Vice Chairman of MCCL, Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning, Dr. R Nongrum; BDO Umling and other dignitaries.
The construction of the market has been funded by the Tribal Affairs Department of the Union Government at Rs 9.82 crore and the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) has implemented the construction.
The Court will hear the case again on July 7 this year.
Thank you very much , I have received a lot of information from you.
He said that the House has already taken a decision to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India but he has no information on this. eiei truth is how long.
Even two young men who have promised to marry say these words, “Whether good or bad, healthy or sick, poor or rich, I will be with you until the day of my death.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 12: The state government should demand 50% of the recruitment in various central government departments in the state from NEIGRIHMS, NEEPCO, NEHU, ICAR and others. including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Meghalaya is the third state in India to implement this policy for the overall health of the people of the state.
Therefore, not with pride, not with pride, but with humility to pray for strength from Jesus because He Himself said – “If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it for you. WORD WITH KEIN"
In the incident, members of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) also beat up the manager of the Kaveri Hostel and forbade him to feed the victims. young man, and you are a young man.
This comes at a time when Japan has expressed its desire to strengthen relations with the government of Narendra Modi and at a time when all countries are China and Russia are still watching closely over the war in Ukraine.
Speaking to reporters, COMSO Chairman Robert Jahrin said, “As you know and witnessed the demand for the implementation of the Inter Line Permit (ILP) for a year now, we expected that The ILP Act has been introduced in the Assembly, but we have not yet seen the State Government introduce the Meghalaya City and Security Act without introducing the provisions of the ILP. The slowness and slowness of the State Government has brought danger to the people in the State, and if the Government does not bring the ILP in this Session Assembly now we will declare a protest.
When asked whether the department has taken any measures to address the issue of low price of synsar, the Minister said that the department has taken several measures to address the issue of Mawïong Wholesale Market has a capacity of more than 21,000 MT, and many of these warehouses have been used to store the synsar harvested during the do not hire the synsar.
Srinagar, November 7: India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced a relief of Rs 1000 crore to the flood victims in Jammu and Kashmir.
When there is a God, there is a fear of destroying ourselves and destroying this world which is the only thing that feeds us.
The Miss Shillong contest is an opportunity to showcase the beauty and talents of young women from different parts of the State.
Jowai, Lber 22: The All Jaintia Cricket Association (ACC) has announced that it will hold trials to select players (male) between the ages of 01.09.2003 and The AJCA Inter District Tournament 2022 will be held in the second month of June,
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkhrang, has warned tourist vehicles operating from Shillong to Guwahati not to take too many passengers to drop off at Khyndai Lad.
After a hearing in the High Court of Meghalaya, the government has finally started to expose the operation of the Coke Factories in Shallang.
The reason is that I have been experienced in the ministry for 11 years, I have worked as a Pastor in the Presbyterian Church for 16 years and as a Pastor in the Church of God for 4 years. Experienced Pastor.
Experts from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare including Dr.S.Nartiang, Incharge Iooksi, PHC, Laskein Block who spoke and explained on the topic of Menstrual Health and Samla Jane Rymbai, CA Ram Kyndiah, Secretary RAC of Pine City Shillong gave a speech on the topic of 'Teenage Pregnancy' and also gave encouraging words to the mothers and youth.
The tournament was held in 22 parts of NE India including four venues in Meghalaya namely Shillong, Mairang, Tura and Jowai.
Shillong: A group of journalists and journalists under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) have strongly condemned the wrongdoing and involvement of some unidentified persons. Two journalists, Riba Merry Suchiang, journalist of Batesi TV and Evangelist Khongwar, journalist of Mawphor, were arrested on Wednesday morning. FKJGP has organized a public rally in Shillong, as part of the campaign to raise awareness on the increase in unemployment among the youth in the state, on 28th March
Therefore, we can say with confidence that the New Year of the nation, by looking back and thinking about agriculture, religion, the nature and function and the newness of nature, begins exactly in the month of October. It has been confirmed by Kynton Sngi and Mawsngi and you can learn more by visiting and by being a farmer who is still following his religion and also by talking to the farmers who know.
As part of the Azadi Amrit Mohotsav celebrations in Bangladesh, the IGCC Library in Dhanmondi will be the perfect place to erect the statue of Tirot Singh Syiem, Verma said.
He said the government would raise funds for this purpose such as planting jhur, raising jingri and others.
There is no one who respects or respects, no one accepts or obeys anymore, but they do whatever they want.
He said that the RDA's appearance to show the people as a sign of unity between the UDP and HSPDP is only to mislead the people.
Other nations also claim that God created them separately from the nations of the world.
The JSM has burnt down the statues of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and NPP MP Agatha Sangma from Garo Hills. The JSM strongly condemns the CM for ignoring the feelings and voice of the people of the North East including Meghalaya by passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill Lok Sabha to allow Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan not to be considered foreigners and to be granted citizenship of India.
Many MLAs from Khasi Hills have supported the idea of ​​the District Council to divide the district according to MLA constituencies.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today met with the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India Raliang Branch, Shillong, regarding the complaint received from the public that the branch has asked for their Adhaar numbers. Please do not open an account with this bank.
“Just because there is no space, the fare of T.5 has been charged to T.10 and this is a loss to the passengers,” he said.
On the other hand, the MBCC on the same day welcomed hundreds of supporters of other parties, who have joined the party congress in the constituency by the President of the party, Kong Irene Lyngdoh.
They will show in front of the people by speaking wisely in the courts that they show that they love the nation while they themselves are not of the Hynniewtrep Khasei race.
“I want the parents, on the day we go to Kalibari to stop the foreigners who run illegal markets, I want to see the face. of the villagers of Mawlong to leave.
At present, the work is going smoothly, the fields of the people have been destroyed, but the payment is still pending.
Shillong: The KSU Mawkhar Circle, Shillong, in an effort to assist the students who are facing difficulties in terms of internet connection to download the Undergraduate and Postgraduate Final Semester Examination Question papers can be submitted to the InfoTech Computer Lab located at KS Complex, Umsohsun (Near LadyBird Hotel) to use the internet.
“I am very strong, I try to work hard.
Cleanliness brings trust.
I am good and do the work assigned to me.
In this regard, the state government through the Commissioner's office and the Planning Department, on November 5, refused to accept Gokhale's allegations and said that Gokhale had no knowledge. about these projects.
Balse Kharbani, General Secretary, FKJGP, South West Khasi Hills District, as the chief guest, said that as a leader, he is pleased to learn that the leaders of FKJGP Mawpud The Area Unit will organize this football tournament, because as the organization has the spirit to promote the youth of the community who have the talent to come forward to participate in the games especially in this age. Football is no longer just a recreational sport in the villages but has become a source of income.
However, the CEM of KHADC said that there is no sign that the MDC elections in KHADC will be postponed.
There are some things that have happened, but we have decided immediately.
Higher levels should increase.7.
Despite poverty, parents, relatives, volunteers strive to provide a full education to ensure the future of their children and caregivers.
The KSU has also lodged a complaint at Jowai Police Station against Roshan Kumar and demanded that he be punished according to the rules of law.
There were also students from Lutheran University who came to do research in the field of traditional Khasi music and musical instruments.
“In other states like Kerala and Tamil Nadu, other children can study Physics, Chemistry, Biology because there are many writers. contribution to this section," he said.
A similar incident was reported from Williamnagar on Saturday evening.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has also laid down rules for the tourists to follow the rules and regulations.
An SIT team has been appointed but no arrest has been made till date,” said Dev.
After the inspection, Bah Ransom said that the Assembly Hall has been completely damaged by the collapse of the dome.
Speaking at the meeting, the Vice President of the KSU, Samla Biangbor Paliar said that although Soso Tham has faced many difficulties in his life, he has never given up but he has contributed a lot to the society. through literature.
The recording studio was held at Provibe Studio, Mawkhar, Shillong.
“The protest is justified because the members of HANM who have been arrested by the police have not committed any crime or done anything wrong.
It was then that I heard the pastor use the word “Kondongpa”.
“Besides the delay in the farming season, the farmers have had to spend a lot of time in getting these passes so I request the district authorities and the government to think separately and encourage the farmers of the state. Nongpoh: Office bearers of the Dr. DD Lapang Foundations, today visited the Bethany Hospital Outreached in Nongpoh, which is located at the Bethany Hospital Outreached Hospital in Nongpoh. The visit to the hospital, which includes patients and nurses, who have been stranded at the hospital, after an order was issued that all those in the hospital are not allowed to leave the hospital, which is also through the directions from the state government.
The office bearers of this unit include Phrowel Songthiang - President, Bhabokstar Nongkynrih - Vice President, Bikonstar Sohtun - General Secretary, Dapborlang Nongrum - Organizing Secretary, Joybring Suting - Asst Organizing Secretary, Treiborlang Khongsngi - Education Secretary, Don Pynkronment Secretary Secretary, Kong Pralian Rynjah – Socio & Cultural Secretary, Kanstar Nongrum – Publicity Secretary, Shaikmen Rynjah – Sport Secretary and others.
Earlier, SNSBH chairman Dr Kharshiing said that the delay in the VAB is an attempt by the government to waste time and they have not taken any action.
Two children have disappeared from their home in Ladrymbai.
Shillong, July 22 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and MLA Brening A Sangma today traveled by boat for more than 2 hours from Siju to Karukol and less than 3 hours on foot. Siju to Rongdong to inspect the areas affected by the heavy rains and floods in South Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the demand of the JHADC to issue Non Embarrassment Certificate to the people. Deputy CEM of JHADC AA Shullai at his office.
Besides, they are the ones who have gone to explain to the residents to get vaccinated and the Government has announced to provide an additional allowance for covid19 work at the price of 1000 tyngka.
He didn't talk long because the time had passed.
At that point, the Khasi child might think, “It's us Khasi who are stupid.
Therefore, the spread of rumors that the increase in the number of cases of HIV/AIDS, just to get financial assistance, is wrong and unfounded.
I don't know what to do.
In fact, these Them Metor should have been punished first,” said the shopkeeper.
I will conclude this Good Friday message by quoting a song by the great Indian theologian, SJ Samartha, entitled, Saturday People, People Who Live on Saturday, “In the middle of the day Good Friday and Easter Sunday there are people who live on Saturday whom we don't know, don't recognize and don't talk about.
The World Cup champions are the most expensive team in the world after Lionel Messi has established himself as the world's greatest player.
He said that Meghalaya is a beautiful state full of trees to attract tourists from all over the country.
One of Germany's leading tennis players, Alexander Zverev, has been dropped two places to 16th in the new ATP rankings.
Cornelius said that the group has not taken the Khasi music, they don't play, but they use their traditional instruments and play in western and contempt.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Victor Rani congratulated all the people of Patharkhmah and congratulated the Seng Samla for organizing this month. to encourage the youth to have that spirit of cooperation within the community.
Explaining in detail about the disease, Dr. Sangma explained the symptoms and treatment of TB patients and that the Government has been providing free treatment since and he gave food to the sick.
Sources said that the ARPA intends to nominate its Dy.Chairman candidate before the start of the dorbar pyrem. There is no intention to appoint him as Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
The President of KJDSTA said that this issue is very important and the KJDSTA is very concerned.
Jowai: U Awhai Andrew Shullai, MDC from Jowai Central Constituency, who is also the TMC candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Jowai Central Constituency, today witnessed the election. The 100 bed Maternal and Child Health Hospital (MCH) at Panaliar, Jowai was inaugurated by the Prime Minister on the 4th of this month.
The duration of this tournament will be 30+10+30 minutes per game.
In the U-17 women's category, four teams have qualified for the semi final which will be held on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
On social media platforms, the ECI has said that no posts should be posted that are valuable and offensive to others.
What is necessary is that this question should not be too hot or too cold; and it shall not be cleansed.
However, two of the PDF MLAs have joined the NPP. In the recent elections in June, 2023, the PDF has won two seats, with a victory. Gavin Michael Mylliem from Sohra and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew.
Shillong, Nailur 19: School and college teachers have threatened to hold a rally on the 24th at the Secretariat if the government does not call for talks with them by the 23rd.
According to a reply received from the DCIC, Shillong, the selection of beneficiaries for this scheme has been thoroughly reviewed by the members of the Task Force Committee and there is no appointment of members through the media.
Shillong, March 31: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Tuesday expressed its regret that the Jowai Municipal Board has not created the necessary mechanisms to create adequate drains for the disposal of waste. the city of Jowai, before being transferred to the Myntdu River.
On the other hand, the Seng Kur also reported on its activities on many issues during the year 1997-2
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills will be the chief guest to open the festival and the local MLA and Minister of Revenue will be the chief guest to closing the festival.
The teams that reached the Top Four Round of the First Division are Mawmang SC (23 points), Pdengshnong SC (19 points), Mission SC (16 points) and Nongdawah SC (15 points).
Meghalaya scored 224 runs in the first innings and later beat Haryana for 126 runs.
However, it was understood that the DGP did not disappoint the people who live from coal, saying that it depends on the ability to fight in court and if they win, there may be a removal.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Area today defeated the United Democratic Party (UDP) in a friendly match at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium as part of the UDP's encouragement and training program for the youth. The UDP State Youth Wing in collaboration with the UDP Youth Wing Ri Bhoi has organized a physical training program to prevent drug abuse.
After the story began, Niakha Rida couldn't help but tell only about Rida's poverty.
It is the responsibility of the committee to listen to all voices.
If you don't have this, you will start to experience muscle weakness and may lose muscle strength while you are doing your daily activities.
“I urge...not to request or suggest to the Government – ​​it should also have the responsibility to immediately remove the power outage from 12 pm to 6 pm because it has “It has affected the society around the country and has caused panic and suffering to those families who have seriously ill or have suffered tragic incidents,” he said.
“I appeal to the people to pass by. There will be no blame on the government and MeECL for why there is a light outage during the rainy season but this is due to the lack of electricity due to the loss of 6 units. including 2 units from NEEPCO,” he said.
Williamnagar, July 28 : Tura MP Agatha K Sangma together with MLA and Minister Marcuise N Marak have held a meeting to discuss the implementation of various Central Government schemes in East Garo Hills today. on Tuesday.
The family members of the abducted girl came after 10 months of lodging a complaint at Dispur Police station but no action was taken to investigate.
Friends United, although losing in the final of the tournament, went home with a cash prize of Rs 30,000, while MPFV won the trophy with a cash prize of Rs 50,0 fifty thousand).
Also present on the occasion were Bah VGK Kynta, Senior Advocate and Bah EK Sutnga, one of the lawyers.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 11: The District Magistrate (DM) of Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat on Tuesday said that he has received information that some bridges belonging to the Public Works Department (PWD) have been destroyed. ) (Roads) that are in danger as well as bridges that are in danger of heavy load vehicles.
The Meghalaya High Court has now ordered the closure of those coke factories.
Kordor Dhar scored the first goal (12), Richard Dhar and Iohbhah Dhar each scored (15, 60+1).
On the other hand, the union said that peace and order in Manipur cannot be restored while the state police and the Meitei armed groups have the opportunity to attack against the Manipur. The villages were inhabited by the Kukiu-Zo people.
In the 1980s, although I don't remember exactly the year, I had the opportunity to lead Bah Gilbert Nongkynrih, one night to sing in our village in Umniuh Tmar and there, I found that my fellow villagers, until How many women and children came out to collect money from this great singer, in which some of the women , who could no longer cover themselves with their clothes, covered themselves with their clothes.
Aadhaar is no different from EPIC card, Pan Card, Meghalaya Card, Pass Book, and is a way to benefit from the MNREGS scheme. corruption within the country.
Besides, he said that if there is any desire for more clean operation, the government welcomes it because until now it is the government itself that is to blame.
The incident which happened on the morning of Tuesday 2021 (13.08.2021) should not have happened if the State Police had acted strictly and followed the rules of law.
He also admitted that it was the first time he had treated a gunshot victim.
:As part of the Viskit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, a program launched on 15th November 2023 by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today, Kartikeya Misra, Director, DFS, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, Officer in charge of West Khasi Hills District, visited Nongstoin and held a meeting at the Conference Hall of the Office. , in the presence of Mr. Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, and other government officials of the district to explain the objectives and purpose of the meeting. of this ''Viskit India Yatra' programme.
Referring to the existing parties in the state like the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM, PDF and BJP, these parties have their own principles, which not all the people of the country. Hynniewtrep understand the purpose of their policies.
In Bangladesh, she said there are 14 million Hindus and if 3 million come to Meghalaya it means that the Khasi who have only 10 million will be oppressed and will be deprived of their rights even in the wealth of Bangladesh. phew, khaddar rule, customs and traditions and others.
“We have sufficient documents to prove that we are the owners,” said Kong Sohkhlet and added that so far no one has complained about the ownership of the tourism department. state.
Would people survive if they didn’t have enough food and drink? Perhaps it is also because the government wants to force people to take the covid vaccine, by educating the public about this disease they can achieve their goal.
They include Sawakani Lakiang, who won the Bikini Model at the 2023 Mr. and Mrs. East India Zonal Bodybuilding & Models Championship to be held in Ranchi, Jharkhand in April
They also predicted that Argentina will win the match against the Netherlands and that the final will be against Germany and Argentina.
Shillong, July 01: The Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MMSA) Shillong has demanded an inquiry into the actions of the Registrar and Director of the Institute of Public Health (IIPH) Shillong. 1st June and also the statements against the DHS(MI) which insults and degrades not only the DHS but the Doctors of the State as a whole.
Shillong: Chiefs of Meghalaya Police, led by MK Dkhar, IPS Deputy Inspector General (ER), GR Kharwanlang, MPS Special Superintendent of Police (SBI) and three parents, He left for Agartala tomorrow to inquire about the status of ICFAI University in Kamalghat, Tripura.
Therefore, the Meghalaya government should be vigilant and set strict rules.
According to sources, the election of the candidate will be done by a ballot with the participation of the presidents and secretaries of all the units in the Pynursla constituency.
This will solve sulfur deficiency in the soil within the country.
“These are the issues that the state government has to clarify because this is the last Dorbar before we contest the elections,” she said.
That word thnum is like advocating to remove the soap from the sick, and sometimes if it is infected with a strong soap, that soap enters those soap.
The union has expressed its regret over the lack of attention on this issue, especially to the pigs imported into the state.
Shillong: Although the Sanad should expire on the 5th of June, some members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Nongrim Sadew, without the knowledge of the Sanad, The other six members of the Committee and many others, including the people, have acted by force by electing the former Rangbah Shnong for the term of
She has lodged a complaint and police are investigating.
On the death of Dr Sailo, let us take a moment to reflect on our spirituality.
Therefore, it is useless for the parents, they spend their money on school fees, books, uniforms and others.
There are some candidates who have led the supporters this year, but compared to previous years, there are very few candidates especially from Jowai and surrounding areas.
“When asked whether he sees the BJP as the opposition or the ruling party, Prestone Tynsong said, “I don't say it is the BJP, on my part. I'm talking about a private person who doesn't say that.
Afghanistan's full schedule for their tour of Bangladesh: 14-18 July : One-off Test, Dhaka 5 November : 1st ODIs, Chattogram 8 November : 2nd ODI, Chattogram Sylhet16 November : 2nd T20I, Sylhet.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has seen these problems and has taken the initiative to adopt the Sports Policy and said that they will soon make it public.
The sovereign of the school was also launched with a message from the Governor, the President and other dignitaries.
“Only those who are government employees should not be punished.
On the issue of no confidence motion against the Lamphang, Dr Mawthoh said the party will discuss the issue tomorrow in whatever way is appropriate.
She also alleged that the VDPs and police informants are police assistants who help to provide information.
Congress MLA Imran Khedawala has tested positive for Covid-19, according to Deputy Municipal Commissioner Om Prakash Machra.
Peshawar, Nailur 22: Two Taliban militants today detonated a bomb at the All Saint Church, killing 70 people and injuring 120 others including women and children.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, has forcibly closed down the NHAI Toll Plaza at Lumshnong. The Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NH-6) has already submitted the approval to repair the NH-6 road in the district. The National Highway has been closed at the scheduled time, during which there has been a protest against the collection of taxes by the NHAI from the Toll Plaza. The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, as authorized, announced that the provisions of 144CrPC have been enforced and these prohibitions have also been announced.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Biolinda Marbaniang, owner of Khasi Wines, said that she produces about 25 kinds of wines from the soybeans produced only in the state.
India has won 60 medals at the Asian Games 2023 and has now set a target of 100 medals by the end of the tournament in China.
The POCSO Act is a strong law and those who commit crimes do not escape severe punishment.
If China gets friends from several countries to support it, it will break out in World War III.
Shangpliang also suggested to the government to set up banks in all the rural areas, where many of the people living in the rural areas have to come to the city just to withdraw money. money.
We hope that you will receive all these gifts with a clean and happy heart even if they are small.
Shillong, March 05: Sanmer SC and Umpling SC beat each other in the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground, Polo.
The earth is the source of food for us humans and animals.
On the same day, the Minister also informed that the Chief Minister, Pema Khandu has also launched another app called the E-Vigilance app. working for the government employees of the state.
“Yes...” Rida also said.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, Smit Village wanted the government to empower the villages, police and magistrates to maintain peace and order.
On the same day, there was also a suspension of taxis in Shillong where the drivers did not allow commercial vehicles to carry passengers from Motphran.
Stanly Shylla, resident of Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills District, passed away on
Bah Shanbor said that he was from the house of Bah Let.
“I have met and congratulated TPCC President Revant Reddy on this day of the glorious victory of the Congress party in Telangana in the Assembly elections,” he said. Rudraraju did not send news.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Bank of Marashtra (BoM) has become one of the leading banks in providing loans to the people and in increasing savings in the year 2021-2
If they don't have their own land, whose land will they protect? The landowners (mothers & daughters) are silent, with their concern for these young men who are currently in the ICU due to xenophobia.
Many discussions have arisen on the release of the Garo Land Map. Media reports said that this is the map that the ANVC has signed a peace agreement with the government and submitted to the Central Government in the agreement was signed.
He alleged that the distribution of money was in front of the police and this happened at Madanryting, where the police were present nearby and arranged the vehicles at the meeting.
He advised the young children to be smart , stingy in their studies , obedient to their parents and to know God the Creator . the village is created.
The Minister of State, Conrad K Sangma, in the Assembly, said that the Deputy Commissioners of Districts should continue to conduct examinations and interviews through the DSCs, and no longer need to send them to the Personal Department. , so that the work is done faster.
In this regard, the KSC&RDBM on 28th June held a public meeting at Pongkung village, East Khasi Hills District. The government has rejected the demands of the people to upgrade the C&RD Block Mawsynram to a Mawsynram Civil Sub Division.
As part of the two-day 'Pomblang', the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, together with all the Ministers, Duhalia, today held the 'Pomblang Iewduh' ' on the mountain of pomp, in Smit.
“I have served in collaboration with you and I should not say 'I' but 'we' have struggled to bring benefits to various villages,” he said.
The transportation of seeds is known to be very important for agricultural production and bees are the ones who work hard to achieve this task.
“If we are late, we have sent people from our Unit from Laitlyngkot to Pynursla immediately. Our people arrived at 10:08 pm and they have already been sold. cows, and they started auctioning from 10:50 am,” said Bah Warlarpih.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The maintenance of the highway from Rilbong Point to Mylliem and Dawki will start from Monday, said the Minister of State, Bah Hamlet Dohling.
He has four brothers, two brothers and two sisters and his blindness is due to illness. At first he was blind in one eye.
There were a total of 19 participants including 13 males and 6 females.
The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang on Tuesday urged the opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) to correct its supporters for their remarks. social media platforms.
As expressed by the farmers, when the farmers need electricity especially the chickens and also the chickens that breed, but this power outage causes more and more chickens to die. because they don't have access to electricity.
Financial Secy : S Lapasam 6.
Speeches were also delivered by Congress Leader Kamol Marbaniang and NPP Leader S Kurbah.
The Khasi are not slow but they are bright because in the Maian they see God.
Nongpoh, March 20 : The Union of Elders Zone-VI, Shillong Archdiocese has invited all the Catholic faithful to attend the 6th Conference held at the Nongkhrah Village Church of the Parish. Village.
Well so it's still very rare.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that the party has decided to give 24 hours to Bah Paul Lyngdoh and He and Teibor Pathaw to explain to the party about their visit to Latiplang Kharkongor.
At the same time, she reminded that those who use this alcoholic beverage is a disease and should not be discriminated against in the society by encouraging and encouraging those youngsters who have become addicted to this alcoholic beverage. they will come forward to seek resources and refer for early treatment to avoid being chained.
On this occasion, there was a drawing competition and a tree planting and reading program under the leadership of Kong Hannah Bell Lapasam followed by a tree planting program in the grounds of the college.
He said that although he is not a buyer but a legislator, the sad thing is that 50 years have passed, the state does not have a policy.
Commenting on the issue of patriotism, the chief guest told about himself. 'While studying abroad, I chose to study the Khasi language even though there were no Khasi teachers. but I studied on my own and passed the CBSE, and tried to do the same for my children.
According to Sangma, the Early Child Development (ECD) programme, which is a means of developing children from an early age, will further improve the quality of education from the bottom up. think with the brainpower of a child.
“It was when the vehicles started to move, and we were walking about 500 metres, we saw that some vehicles were burnt,” he said.
Shillong, March 13: The Meghalaya Public Servants' Rules (MPS) has been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers in July this year. public will have to declare their possession.
Nor can the sports fight-loving public be marketed as a consumer.
Meghalaya is known for its rich natural resources, beautiful natural tourist spots, blessed by God and beautiful nature.
In the afternoon, the Holy Mass was conducted by the Provincial of Shillong Province, Fr.Paul O.Lyngkot who expressed his gratitude to God for blessing the work of the Salesian Fathers in the North East. not only to plant the seeds of faith but also to encourage the residents in education and training for entrepreneurship.
He expressed gratitude to the officials of the investigation team for their cooperation and said, “Their questioning style was in a friendly manner.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also questioned the statement of the Prime Minister regarding the Literary Award for writers who have contributed to the Khasi and Garo languages.
“I live in Mawngap, I drive 15 minutes to 3Mer Shiteng which is 20km away but from 3Mer Shiteng to Shillong which is nearer, it takes up to 1 hour or more because of traffic jam. “I am in Shillong,” said Sunn in a letter to Conrad.
Shubman Gill is currently in the fifth position while Virat Kohli is in the seventh position after the update. The former India captain has benefited from his good performance in the ODIs in Chennai.
Yury Gazinsky scored five goals for Russia in the 12th minute, followed by Denis Cheryshev in the 43rd and 90+1 minutes.
There are seven candidates for the election: Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S. Osborne of the Congress, Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and Stoding. During the election campaign, there were many comments from all over the country that the election campaign in Sohiong had failed because of the slowdown. There was no election campaign and there was no talk on development.
The OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 was played between Mawlai Sports Club and Ryntih Football Club in the first half of the 2021-22 football tournament. Association (SSA).
Nongpoh: Signs demanding ILP, along with the slogan 'No ILP, No Rest', have been displayed in many places in Ri Bhoi District. The government has written 'We Want ILP', 'No ILP No Rest' and other forms of writing.
The total number of policemen infected with the disease has risen to 854 and five of them have died.
We believe that Labang-Nongphyllut should be returned to Jaintia Hills, we hope through the Government and we believe in the Governments.
In another incident, BSF seized a truck and 8 cows worth T.13.7 lakh and in another incident, 96 cows were seized. 11.5 lakh cows from the same place.
Jekan Thanga, a scientist at the University of Arizona, said the moon is currently being prepared and it is estimated that 250 rockets will be needed to fly to the moon. go and plant the seeds and build a big house.
Videos of the release of the child have been circulating since yesterday and until now.
From the current situation, it seems that the MDA Government is still in a dream.
Many of the chairmen alleged that the election, which was held on the 9th of this month, was not a clean and transparent election.
Unity of letters: Since the beginning of the development of letters, they have been developed and created in isolation as we see today, that the letter “A" is on its own and The letter “B” and they are far apart are not in the same place, and if we read them we have to read each other, A,B,K, we cannot read ha at the same time once read “ABK” so these are in the midst of weakness because they are alone and cannot help and remove the darkness of people because they themselves are alone and become ba respect border.
However, only a few go along with high ideals, and ideas that have been raised that they cannot be overcome by too much effort—that society has demanded of them. , that the weight of the power of their family members will be clearly stated in the rise or fall of the stairs—"A Solemn Appeal," pages 63,6
If they are allowed, they are considered as a society.
The demand of the people from the government is because if in the MDC election one constituency falls and the MLA election falls in another constituency, the people suffer in many ways, especially eh in relation to the implementation of government schemes in the villages.
U.P School up 4-0 goals.
Noting that unemployment is an important issue even for the poor, the MPTYC leader said, “Let us tell the truth that the 4 percent share according to the PWD Act, 2016 in Meghalaya is not accept faithfully.
There are many other places like that that I don't have room to write here, but you readers, search carefully and you will find all the facts.
Bah Joy was the son-in-law of King Tirot Singh.
KHNAM said that the announcement in the police recruitment shows that 41.63% (420) are Khasi-Jaintia and 46.18% (466) are Garo. The OM of 14th July 2023 is a roster system with pending jobs as the figures have been collected since
The KJBWA Executive Committee led by Vice-President Bah Generous Warlarpih, together with the leaders of FKJGP led by Bah Dundee C.Khongsit who is also the General Secretary, together with the members The union, on receiving information about the ban on ear tags, immediately went to meet with Kong D.Phawa, ADC of Ri Bhoi District, for clarification on the issue. There were many people who opposed the inspection of the cows in the market.
However, the Union conducts inspections of vehicles from time to time in these areas or roadsides within the jurisdiction of the Union. However, these crimes continue to other places or roadsides in Umtyngar and Kyrdemkhla villages which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the Union, said the statement.
I feel that the understanding has not come from our legislators.
The Elaka Dorbar took this decision at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall at Raliang Village, which was attended by Waheh Shnongs, Elders, Youth and Longkmie from different villages in the Elaka.
It is for this reason that the government has arranged to encourage the groups to provide training every day to encourage the people under quarantine at home to follow the protocols.
Prestone said that during the implementation of the containment measure from 1st June to 10th June 2021, the state government has allowed shops under the Essential Commodities category throughout the country. but the time and days of opening shall be at the discretion of the Deputy Commissioner.
When asked, what steps will the KSU take to implement the demand of the NHAI to repair the road immediately? The union will think again on the condition of the NH-6, one of the things the union wants is that all the people and drivers should please encourage the union by joining hands with the union. organization at any time.
The HYC said that in this speech, the Prime Minister has not mentioned a single word about corruption in his government or about the evasion of taxes. They also discussed the increase in the price of commodities or the increase in the cost of development works or projects implemented in the past four years.
The complaint of the market dwellers about the increase in the number of pla smugglers is not new but it has happened and is still happening.
The election authorities have launched a special program to work with the village authorities to explain to the youth. The age of voting should be registered because their vote is the most important during the election.
Nongpoh: The National People's Party (NPP) Umsning Block, Umsning Block, has decided to work hard for the victory of the party's candidate in the upcoming MDC election. long next year.
According to the order, the houses that have been contained in Mookyrdup are the houses of Bini Shylla and (L) Darling Chyrmang.
The observers said that the BJP's victory in these three states was primarily due to Narendra Modi whose reputation has increased with the passing of the days.
Among the SCA batsmen, only Angkit scored 12 runs.
Echo Dirt is a band that plays alternative rock songs. It was formed by four friends.
This does not include axle weight or gross weight (and truck load and weight).
A schoolgirl has been killed and suspectedly raped by unidentified robbers at a village in Ladrymbai Out Post, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that it is time for the government to show the revenue collected from the mineral resources every year to show that the share received by the council is equal to the revenue. tax government.
To completely resolve the boundary between Langpih and other areas of West Khasi Hills.
: To Improve Khadar Governance: To bring about transparent, efficient and effective governance and open the door for all citizens to participate in the governance bodies from Villages, Raijs, Himas, Autonomous District Councils and up to State Government.
Kyrmen Shylla will take over the Excise Department while Banteidor Lyngdoh will continue to hold the Agriculture, Sports and Youth Affairs and Textile Departments.
Shillong: A no-confidence motion was tabled in the Garo Hills District Council (GDC) today and the BJP has alleged that the motion has been done in a very unfair manner.
These activities are carried out without the decision or approval of the Dorbar Shnong or the residents.
Former MDC Bah Kor Sympli was also present on the occasion in the presence of the EJHDFA office bearers. Tura DCA won by 12 runs in the Zone 2 of the Meghalaya U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament on Saturday.
Because it has never happened before that the EC in KHADC has been biased like this...it is good that these politicians (Khasi) of our Khasi have led the Dkhars/or any other ethnic group. I'm looking forward to seeing you.
From this Year of Independence of India, which is always remembered in the Memory, other dates can be taken or counted.
The Prime Minister of the country has launched a mission called the 'Swaach Bharat Mission'
His hard work and skills have earned him the Upcoming Player of the Season award for 2020/2021 as part of the BFC Club Awards.
He said that the State Government will try to increase the subsidy.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 231 new cases and 2682 active cases in the State.
“I don't know why, but the investigation has been conducted by the Directorate of Local Accounts,” he said.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 81,161 and 78,068 people have recovered.
The BJP MLAs said this after Bah AL Hek strongly condemned Bah Sanbor Shullai for his sudden speech and stand during the speech of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is the Speaker of the House. The BJP South Shillong has alleged that this is a public announcement of what happened to Draupadi Murmu, the NDA presidential candidate. On that day, it was because of the desire of Bah AL Hek to do what Bah Sanbor had done.
Meanwhile, the President of the Ampati Citizens' Forum, Rana D Sangma, while supporting the view of Webster G Sangma, said that there will also be security forces deployed in these markets. At the same time, he appealed to the people and the Nokma to work together to restore peace and order.
Through a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, KAS said that if the CAA becomes law in Meghalaya, it will continue to threaten the minority status of Khasis and Garos in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Mallangkona (JSC) has announced that it will file a petition against the government of Conrad K Sangma in the Supreme Court. on the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Earlier, it was reported that the state government had proposed to the Governor to hold the mid-term elections on 13th November.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAM, West Jaintia Hills, after the visit of 93.5 Red FM Shillong on July 13, 2013, has organized another program in connection with the Jan Bhagidari Events and Activities including Bicycle Rally, Story Telling and Exhibition.
The first warnings are “live in righteousness” and “pursue righteousness,” and Bible writings such as Psalms 1, 91, 95, and others make it clear that God's judgment will hold faultless the wicked. the wicked and the righteous according to the price they demand, often even from the earth.
Instead of empowering the people of the country who supported and won, they have acted like the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma (MUA-II) with an Ordinance to repeal the Village Administrative Bill (VAB).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpathaw, Babu KD Ramsiej, said that in the maintenance of this well, it is safe because during the rainy season, the water is high and until now this well. you are clean.
The house of Bopi Diengdoh from Umling, the house of Phyrnai Nongkharai from Pynthor, the house of Ioanis Surong from Nongtariang and the house of (L) Bah Wording Syiemlieh from Umbir will be open from the 12th to the 22nd of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem congratulated the Umiam Village Council for organizing such a program to bring together the youth of the village to have one mind, closeness and The Council is now passing another law to empower the Seng Samla, Seng Longkmie under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong to wait for the approval of the Governor of the State. departments and authority to operate in the villages.
The three cricketers are Raj Biswa, Kishan Lyngdoh (both batters) and Arbin Singh (spin bowler).
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to postpone the 2023 MLA elections for Sohiong Constituency following the sudden death of UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs. .
Victoria was accused by the Dispur Police of hanging herself in the toilet at the police station on the evening of 6th November.
In the midst of God's wrath and wrath, love once again does not change and plays its part in restoring broken relationships, restoring lost glory and renewing or renewing what has been lost. ugly.
On the same day, the team will leave for the tournament.
The plane had just left the Air Force helicopter station at ALG 7 mer and was starting to climb slowly into the air, when it reached the office of the Assistant Director, Intensive. The plane was shot down by the timber department and fell to the ground.
The first runner up was won by Dabisharbha Mylliemngap and the second runner up was won by Deibyntalang Mylliemngap, both from Laitkyrhong.
Nongpoh, July 20: The MLA of Jirang constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, together with the Engineers of the Education Department, on Tuesday said that the construction of the Model Degree College at Patharkhmah has been delayed. The building, together with the village leaders of Patharkhmah area, today conducted an inspection to verify the damage to the building which is still under construction. The whole building is only a plastered area from one building to another because of the large area.
It is learned that while the BSF were conducting a search operation on the National Highway-06 at Sonapur Check Post, the truck did not stop but fled towards Umkhiang. The truck was found parked near a Petrol Pump in Umkiang.
On one occasion, Jesus' disciples were very hungry and began to pick heads of grain to eat.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the Syn Juk Rangbahshnong, Bah RL Blah, said that tens of thousands of people are expected to attend the dorbar bah.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, BD Marak, MPS, has issued an order to all the public, in compliance with Section 101 of the Meghalaya Police Act all residents to be disciplined and not to violate the law, whether on the streets or in tourist attractions within the district, as well as to avoid disturbing or injuring visitors and They shall not pollute the environment whether it is the streets or tourist attractions within the district.
A special award was also given to Job R Kawlni who donated blood 10 times at the blood bank.
However, he promised to bring this information within these days of the dorbar.
Bah Bok, who is in Shillong today, said that they are still trying to release his brother-in-law on bail, but he said that they don't have the opportunity to ask for any help, because they have lost their jobs. They are the villagers and they are the poorest, who have never met even their MLA.
When asked how much it cost to plant these trees, the MDC replied that it cost T.16,64,850 tyngka.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: The Karbi Peoples Liberation Tiger (KPLT) has been demanding money from the Khasi residents of Block II villages. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) is the largest student union in the state.
Furthermore, the day was enriched by songs and dances by the SHI IUNG group, as well as by the Manbei groups who performed plate dances, short dramas, fancy dresses and others.
However, one vote was taken to support Thomas Passah.
Last month, it was reported that in parts of Jharkhand, many women offered flowers, ladoo and clean water to the coronavirus.
You cannot get government jobs or jobs in private companies and employers easily.
Leaders such as MLAs/MDCs should also look after and cooperate with the village authorities.
Because it’s just my imagination.
Rebecca Misao (48).
On the other hand, the MLA of the area, Sniawbhalang Dhar, in his speech, said that the opening of these four projects of the Namnong area is a memorable occasion for the area as a whole.
On receiving information about the incident, North Garo Hills Police in collaboration with CRPF of 120 Bn conducted search operations in several places.
The 3rd MLP Battalion beat Urban Affairs XI 13-1 in the 8th Kiang Nangbah ME Trophy at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
In the inspection today, the leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, found that this part of the road, is filled with pum pum and which has caused danger to the passengers and especially when it comes to and health.
“At that time I didn't gather the people to turn to the Secretariat but for three years we worked hard to abolish MUDA and hand it over to the District Councils to implement the Housing Act.
Nongstoin, March 11: U Jinustar Well Shangrit, 24, of Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday, has committed suicide after being shot dead by a man. It is suspected that he was killed by unidentified robbers and thrown his body into a fish pond in Porsohmynkhar village opposite the footpath. leave for Nongstoin College.
“This has happened since last night and has continued until today and has caused a lot of trouble to the people who come and go,” said the former MDC of the area.
On this occasion, the Growdiesel Venture presented a report on the acidification of rivers.
On the other hand, Bah Lahkmen in his speech, said that in the 12 years that this college has been running, in the collaboration of the residents and the managing committee, such a day would not have happened, unless you have a hand.
Chiehruphi SYWSC and Byndihati SC have qualified for the quarterfinals of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA.
This happened not only in Ranikor where Martin Danggo and his supporters left the NPP to join the BJP but also in Garo Hills where Congress candidate Augustine D Marak withdrew from the race. Besides, in East Khasi Hills, the TMC candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, has also left the TMC party to contest as an independent candidate.
Tawng said the incident took place in Myitkyina on Tuesday.
Those who travel from Nongstoin can travel from Nongstoin (Mawkyrwat Road) to Nongjyllieh, Mawthung-kper to Nongkynjang and Nongkhlaw for about 13 kilometres.
There are also those who have lost their inheritance to their brothers and sisters.
Bah Pius Marweiñ, as the leader, said that he has the desire to help or do something at such a time but because of the lack of traffic, he too has faced difficulties. but he hopes that if heaven permits, he will do whatever is necessary to provide assistance.
He complained that the MLA and his friends were drunk and forced him to stay with them in the room and without any reason they tortured him until 3:30 pm while others. The MLA of Rongjeng is still being punished.
Shillong: The Civil Hospital, which has 115 beds for corona patients, has been filled today.
On the other hand, Prof. TK Kharbamon, Vice Chancellor, MLCU, spoke on the proposal for the implementation of the campus at Umphyrnai and informed that the Board of Directors has received approval for the construction of the campus. Governors at the meeting held on 2nd October 2021, the architect firm selected from among the 14 firms that came to participate in the Expression of Interest was the one that went ahead to implement the works on the construction and maintenance of this site.
In 1989, the same Syiem in a letter to the DC of East Khasi Hills, had banned the sale of the Raid land in Mawpdang. Mawpdang Village has sold about 2000 acres of Raid land.
However, the Union would like to express its gratitude to the leadership of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and the office of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs for their physical and financial support. The synjuk needs to lead and involve its youth in such competitions.
It's okay if you ask, but you don't ask.
According to the announcement, the Government has informed that it will provide a cash donation of T.10 lakh to these families.
This has been like a threat to the leaders.
Nabin said that the 50 paise note is still in circulation these days and those who have it can return it to the bank.
Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat Rising Hills Secondary School 3-2 in the first leg of the tournament.
The management of the company said that they have taken notice of the incident and have immediately suspended these employees who fall under the rank of Administrative Officer.
The first was the deceased daughter, the second was the 8-year-old son and the last was the 3-year-old son.
How come other States have not had such a rule to award foreign companies to implement the IBDF but it only applies to our State? Is there anything behind the sylla of anyone to cover up the intention to destroy MeECL/MePDCL to the point of dissolving it and selling it completely to private companies or foreign companies? Through this statement, the Seng strongly warns the State Government to immediately repeal this Rule which affects the residents of the State as a whole.
Of course, it is easy to force the small farmers but who will be responsible if even one family loses food due to lack of full income?
“The Meghalaya Regulation Bill 2013 of the State Government is no different from other Landlords Bill 2013 of the State Government, such as the Act on the Proposal to Establish a Municipality in the State. which is against the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Tell Bah Marwein to give me only 5000 thousand.
Out of the 981 MPs from Shillong, 517 votes or 53 percent of the voters believed that Vincent Pala would win again, while 428 votes or 44 percent believed that Jemino would win. Mauthoh.
“The forgiveness of the Prime Minister will ease the suffering of the family of the driver, because as the saying goes, to make mistakes is human nature, to forgive is the work of God,” said the KSU. Jeskalur L Mawdoh, driver of a Mahindra Max (ML-04A-3374), has been charged under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) after his vehicle collided with a Honda vehicle. The agreement (ML-01-0001) was signed by P Lyngdoh on the 11th of this month at Laimer, Shillong.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Umsning Town Durbar, Bah Rocky Kylla, said that the Umsning Town Durbar expresses its special gratitude to the state government for bringing in the This officer has been appointed to serve the people of Ri Bhoi District.
The sad news for us Khasi and Garo is that those who own their own land are very few.
Mawkyrwat, July 04: The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in his speech at the ordination service for two Deacons from the Parish Nativity of Our Lord He recalled the words, “Live Christianity with hope and love, let them be the weapons of faith in this new year”.
The MBOSE examination has been postponed from 6th and 7th to 11th and 12th June.
Serie A leaders Napoli have been drawn up for the All-Italian Showdown against Inter Milan. He has been drawn up for a meeting with Portuguese league leaders Benfica.
Amitabh Bachchan said, “Are you really afraid? You don't tell me, this is the first time you've expressed your feelings.
“I don't blame Bah Pala but if Bah Pala wants to be President he should have spoken clearly,” he said.
The Minister appealed to everyone to disseminate information about this scheme.
The District Administration of West Khasi Hills on Tuesday visited six illegal coal burning factories in Shallang area.
The time will come when shopping malls will be no different.
There is no such thing as “formality” anymore.
On the other hand, the High Court has directed the government to look into the possibility of building small Hydel Projects or other power generation projects especially as the state receives a lot of rainfall.
“We have seen that many people are still in fear, but for their own safety, that of their family members should be vaccinated,” he said.
Kyrmen also expressed his regret over the death of six Government employees in East Jaintia Hills District and said it is sad that six employees who came to earn a living have lost their livelihood. he lost his life in this incident.
"“We have a law on the production and distribution of pesticides by which we can protect the environment.
In connection with this incident, a team of SRT from Shillong also arrived to help rescue those trapped inside.
“They say no, the people say no, how can we do that?” he said.
Last year, North Garo Hills won the title for the first time with 22 medals (11 gold, 6 silver and 5 bronze). .
On the other hand, the DSO office also distributed prizes to the winners as well as trophies and medals.
The reason can only be known by the government, the ksiang and the leaders of the HNLC.
I too carried the burden for my children.
Kishan and Bisht played well and scored 212 runs for the third wicket.
East Khasi Hills and Tura District Cricket Association have won their first match of the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 today.
Through this award, the students will be able to work harder, said a statement from Bah Rymphang Nongsiej President KSU Bangalore Unit.
Other deaths were reported in Tianjin, Heilongjiang Province, and Guizhou.
As part of the celebration of the 100th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi Marbisu, this website was launched by the President of the Seng Khasi Marbisu, Rgh.Rangshap Kurbah at the Community Hall of the Seng Khasi Marbisu on 8th November This website is designed and created under the direction of Aibanshankupar Suiam.
Iooksi Youth Welfare scored the first goal through Tympang Tangliang (26), while Mandamiat Khonglah scored the first goal for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 52nd and 62nd minutes.
However, the upper part of the river from the source to Pynthor Ialong is actually free from pollution from the river but due to the pollution of the river from the Pamblah Bridge (Shillong-Jowai road) , Tre-iongriang (Jowai-Dawki bridge) etc.[continued on page 7] Loss of water dam The PHE has polluted this river by washing vehicles in the areas of Tre-iongriang, Riat-Turiem and also the breaking. all kinds of waste from the disposal of toilets to the streets and sewers.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Pyndap Saiborne President of KHNAM-CB who said that KHNAM still stands firm on the basis of demanding the implementation of the Innew Line Permit (ILP) in the state. comply with the Reservation Policy.
Shillong: Opus Production today announced that it will hold the Shillong Autumn Festival 2019 in April at Orchid Lake in Umiam.
Shillong, March 17 : East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday arrested a drug trafficker from Mizoram named Joseph Hmangaih Zula, 46 years old. The drug dealer was arrested from South Aizawl, Mizoram from a Night Super bus (AS 01 LC 6216) at Nongsning village. The incident occurred on the NH-6, said Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa.
Only coal, which has already been counted by the State Government, will be allowed.
In Nongthymmai, 33794 voters cast their ballots and 23642 voters cast their ballots which is 69.96%.
Students can apply online at www.scholarships.
Matthew 24:15, the time of Satan's kingdom.
In the complaint, they said that through the amendment of the Indian Citizenship Act 1955, in 2016, which means to work with Aadhar, it will bring many problems. in front of a large crowd and said that the struggle is to curb the influx of foreigners, which Aadhar cannot protect.
Ms Martina Pyngrope said it is difficult for women to be educated and to point out the evils in the society.
"(Freakonomics , 2009)It's not easy, in every country, there are scientists who explain their knowledge.
Poonam Singh told her husband to pay some expenses for their daughter before an argument broke out which led to him stabbing her with a knife.
He said that Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha has a Science Stream. He said that he has a desire to have a Community College in the area for the benefit of the youth especially those who come from poor families. I don't have a book.
Before the meeting, a short meeting was held by the Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime), Kong Crescency Lyngdoh.
Synta Mary also defeated MP Shitlang Pale from the UDP. Santa received 16,974 votes including 255 postal votes, Pala 15,146 and Shitlang Pale. 10453.
The festival has provided a golden opportunity for the residents and the public to see the rich culture of the Khasi.
He said that this is the first time he has made a statue of a man from wood and he is not sure whether he can make a statue of other statues if people send him. “Because it's the first time, I haven't seen it yet, and this is what I've just done,” he said.
What attracts the tourists especially during these months is the beauty and cleanliness of the nature which cannot be imagined as a real human village.
This was after the Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Richard B Uriah, agreed to conduct the opening ceremony of the school on 15th November
India is witnessing a transformation in skills development and entrepreneurship with the third largest number of start-ups and more than 100 unicorns.
On 18th November 2021, during a brief resignation of Ministers, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, handed over the electricity department from his brother to Prestone Tynsong.
On the other hand, the leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District have also expressed their concern about the incompetence of the Infiltration and Labor Department after the KSU went to check the documents of foreigners who went to work in the KSU. factory at MIDC Umiam and found that hundreds of people who went to work in the factory did not have proper documents and violated the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act
The Executive Committee led by CEM Teinwel Dkhar has become smaller paid after Bah Pynshngain as Speaker of the House has given his support to the opposition. council house.
Amit R. Marak has filed a complaint that after only six months of the opening of the stadium, part of the wall collapsed on July 22,
His family members have taken him to GNRC in Guwahati for further treatment.
When these plants are ripe, they are transplanted into the field.
There are problems that we have to solve, but not by fighting.
India is one of the countries with the highest number of users outside China, with more than 611 million users to date; Sanchit Virgogia, CEO of Greyhound Research, said Bytedance could compete with Reliance Jio in terms of revenue. There are also nearly 400 million Jio users, who also use Tiktok.
The soskular expired on 31st October
He said that some money was released to the MLAs at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.
(i) He will hear what we ask and pray, “Then I will hear from heaven” (ii) “I will forgive their sins” (iii) “I will heal their land”.
We hope that these encouraging stories will encourage other women in their villages to participate in such training programs in the coming days.
Perhaps you just look out the window and see all kinds of vehicles coming and distributing food, perhaps vehicles with number plates ML-01, ML-02, ML04 or maybe ML-03 or whatever it is. but it is these men who have helped, and you are trying to destroy their image.
He said that the UDP will not nominate a candidate just because it has been nominated because it is a constituency where the UDP has been strong since ancient times and the UDP party has its own vote bank and In this regard, the party has not yet decided whether to increase or decrease.
Think carefully before you forcibly accept anyone who believes in God, that person who has violated the Law of God and has violated the traditional religion that was taught by his ancestors. bieij and I'm going to shrip.
As the days and times go by, we witness that the Khasi community has declined steadily in terms of education, and it is closer to finding Khasi youth to pass the more difficult examinations such as Civil Services. , IFS and so on.
In addition, groups have also started conducting election campaign campaigns across different parts of the districts in the state by urging the people to come together to vote for the candidate for the 2023 elections. .
Basaiawmoit said that the ARPA will once again consider tomorrow morning whether to send a candidate to contest the election. She will contest the election if she loses or wins, but she will decide tomorrow whether she will register her name or not. registration shall not be canceled during the election.
At such a time, the people have the opportunity to think carefully because many other candidates will come to explain or promise in front of them the goals they want to achieve if they win as their MLA.
If we talk about the truth, it is clear that in Meghalaya, many of the residents, especially in the rural areas, do not know or understand about the even and odd numbers.
We the indigenous people are watching closely the government's provision of poiei,” said the statement.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mowkaiaw, held on 14th December, 2022, has strongly condemned the statement of Ma Nujorki Sungoh, MLA 4 Mowkaiaw Constituency, in which he admitted that he is the one who The 6 km road scheme at Mowkaiaw has been launched by the Chief Minister.
In the final in the Junior Boy's Kyorugi category under 45 kg, Ravi Kumar Rai of East Khasi Hills defeated Areyo M Sangma of East Garo Hills to win the gold medal while Krangbeth A Sangma of West Garo Hills won the gold medal. and Samir Chetri won the bronze medal.
Kenes Nonglait, Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) said that the FKJGP is grateful to Prestone for holding 3-4 meetings with the PWD officers. and NHIDCL for the improvement of this part of the highway, and will soon meet him to discuss this issue.
From infancy to the age of 45 is a time for upward mobility.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department has launched the Jal Jeevan Mission under the Jal Jeevan Mission. to provide water wells in their villages.
Shillong, March 13: The All Garo Hills Primary School Teachers' Association (AGHPSTA) has decided to stage a sit-in in front of the DC West Garo Hills on the 17th of this month. government did not listen to their demands.
The Manipur Government is in the midst of preparations to resume education for children up to Class VIII from the 21st of this month. this month.
The time will come when we will no longer have to pay bills when they don't take care of the light consumers, why should we take care alone.
Shah Rukh Khan, 58, has been set on fire by his fans who gathered in front of his residence at midnight.
To this day, the nature we enjoy continues to bless us with its gifts and resources.
The population of Meghalaya in 2018 is estimated at 3.5 million or 35 lakh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: “The Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi-Pnar have been arrested at 3 pm” by the Governor of Meghalaya. 19th of this month, said a statement from the General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri U Hynniewtrep, Bah RL Blah.
Through the CM-SMS scheme, along with the rules of the transit home, there is also the provision of vehicles for the Auxiliary Midwife Nurses (ANMs) to visit the poor mothers and also to ensure that they give birth safely.
Sadon Blah, General Secretary of the HNYF, said that the enactment of the CAA by the Government of India is like teaching people to carry guns.
The tournament will be closed on Saturday at Mylliem Stadium from 1 pm.
I know these people are very happy during this lockdown.
Speaking to reporters in Amlarem, Pohthmi said that the NPP leaders from Amlarem have already met and discussed with the National Vice President of the NPP who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong on 27th November 2022 and he confirmed that the ticket will go 100 per cent to Stephan Mukhim and the names of the party candidates including Stephan will be announced. public in November this year.
“Shall we pay for Christmas?” asked the mother.
Therefore, she said that the Office prohibits the erection of these gates without permission or any forced collection of money from vehicles passing on the roads within the District.
Nongpoh, March 20: The Umran Dairy Longk Association (UMDA) has decided to strongly oppose the proposal of the Assam Rifle to purchase land at Umran Dairy for the construction of a hospital and school.
“I promise that we will improve our service delivery and this hourly blackout will end soon,” Goyal told reporters.
Police said that according to the students, a friend of BK Bajoria who lives in the same hostel ordered them to take the pla and send it to Dimapur.
If this online class continues for a few years, the writing and reading will reach the end of the world.
For example, it is recommended that in every yard you should plant small or large trees or flowers.
The deceased was identified as Ajay Baidya, 54 years old. The policeman was quarantined for 14 days. He was placed in quarantine after he had contact with one of the policemen who tested positive for COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi.
However, the union suggests to the government to submit the names to the Dorbar Shnongs so that the village authorities can take action as soon as possible to prevent the spread of COVID-19, within the villages and townships as well as the government. It should work together with the village authorities to avoid the spread of this disease in the villages (Community spread transmission).
One source identified the area known as Krishnai and the villages – Matia and Simlitala as the centers of activity and concentration.
He said that the family members of Bah HDR Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar u blei) are still supporting him, although the UDP has decided to give ticket to Bah Synshar Lyngdoh who is known as Pup. It is also the owner of Bah HDR because it was Bah Synshar who went to support Bah Samlin Malngiang in 2018 which caused Bah HDR to lose the election.
According to sources, the suspect was arrested after police received a tip-off regarding the smuggler.
Altima Rani's son, Bah Shining Rani, said that the woman, who lives in Mawlyndep village, was taken to Umsning Community Health Center on the 29th of this month. On June 30, 2023, she was transferred to Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong where she gave birth on June 1,
In 1875 there was a demand to return the 10 Khasi villages under the Mouza Nuinah to the Khasi Hills.
These teams are headed by the Magistrate and include Police, Urban Affairs Department, Shillong Municipal Board, PWD, PHE and other departments.
On the other hand, Sumita Dawra, Additional Secretary, DPIIT said that this is the first step to showcase a new beginning which will connect remote areas with other parts of the country.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of ration for the month of May,
She was seen standing with Bah Shylla outside the office of the Deputy Commissioner on the day he filed his nomination papers.
“When the party decides to send me to go on hunger strike, I will go as a party soldier,” said Ardent.
He also served as chairman of the Mumbai Selection Committee and in later years he was the unpaid steward of the stadium at the Wankhede Stadium.
He said that regarding the opening of churches in the state, he said that there will be another call for talks with the unions of various religious leaders to discuss and discuss this decision.
Bashan Footwear at Mission Compound has been ordered to close temporarily until further notice.
He also congratulated the people of Jharkhand for the development projects in various sectors such as railway, road, education, coal, petroleum and natural gas which he laid the foundation stone.
“Other parties will contest against the NPP in at least 54 constituencies,” he said, adding that the party will win alone in the upcoming elections.
“Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.Revelation 1:3
The rally started from Moga yesterday and will travel across Punjab until 6th March
Thousands of Niamtre children of Seinraij Jowai on Saturday, came out to witness the procession of Khnong Blai to a holy place in Pohsawiar and then to Moosyiem Square in Chilliangraij.
However, Nepal has since reduced the 35 projects to 9 projects.
Such incidents remind us of the efforts of the Modi Government in 2021, to implement the Svamitva Act in 6846 villages in Khasi Hills. Thousands of foreigners will be brought by the Survey of India, to stay in all these villages for at least 5 years, in order to do the drone mapping with the Continuous Operating Reference System (CORS).
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday invited the registration of new names of cooperative societies, NGOs and SHGs for the appointment of ration vendors by the government. in 2022 at the wholesale center.
It is clear that if there is a lack of representation in the fields of education or society, such as representation in government jobs, it is a backwardness.
His decision came after his wife, Kim Kardashian, divorced him.
There have been several reports received confirming that the Bata-Doriya area has been surrounded and drones and tracking missiles have been used to monitor the insurgents.
He said that as of now, there is no evidence that there are any armed groups in Garo Hills.
Dr War said that while there are deaths from Covid-19, only 1% of the deaths are from Corona Virus, but all the deaths are due to long-term illness. they.
“I don't have any reason to contest the election.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have urged the authorities to cooperate and negotiate with Assam, not to block the supply of electricity to these three villages. so that the people can benefit like other citizens in the State.
“The KSU will stand firm on the basis of protecting the Jaitbynriew and will not allow the authorities to invade our country,” he said.
In the second match, Khliehmyntdu beat Pateinki Sabah 2-1
These MPs include 17 from the Lok Sabha and nine from the Rajya Sabha.
“I personally have no problem or opposition to the railway coming to this area,” he said.
He said the state government is responsible.
The JSU admitted that the Minister has met with them to inspect the shortcomings of the Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
Shillong, July 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and the members of the Executive Committee (EC) to remind them of many issues. The party has been standing for years in relation to uranium or the railway and also the land request of the army to build their base.
Eye experts said that myopia is caused by a visual acuity of less than 6.6 feet.
Chiehruphi beat Jalyiah Utd 2-1, Iapmala Utd beat Pamrakmai 1-0 and Umlyngsha beat Kairang Sc 1-0
These groups expressed their regret over the absence of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU from attending the meeting, despite the Governor's order to hold an emergency meeting on the incident.
He said the state government is determined to develop the sportsmen of the state.
This road has been painted only once during the tenure of MLA and Minister PWD of the State Government, (L) Kyrmen Susngi but until now this road has not been painted even once. for repair.
Then follow the religious priests and scribes, while among them are the Sadducees, the Pharisees, and the scribes.
“We hope that with the initiative of the state government, it will allow the people to escape from the problems they are facing,” said the letter signed by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem. Council.
Looking at the waters of the rivers which are their favorite fishing grounds and abundant fish in previous years, it is sad to say, due to the increasing number of invaders who want to destroy by bombing, They dug jars, and filled them with medicine, and the rivers were empty, and they were covered with only palm trees.
He said that the indigenous people of Sikkim have been turned away because some of their special rights have been violated.
They are looking for ways and means to fight against the government to eliminate the distribution of vaccines to us residents.
Within Iceland, where the climate is relatively cold, few seasonal variations were found.
These three disputes within the Mylliem Hima but according to the information received, the end of the dispute within the Mylliem Hima will be in the court which is the highest court of the dispute.
The Rangbah Shnong is a village job, not a government job. If the government has good intentions for the Dorbar Shnongs, the government should first recognize the Dorbar Shnongs and pay salaries to the village officials. .
Shillong, Jymmang, 02: Residents including the superintendents of schools at Lady Veronica Lane, Laitumkhrah on Thursday protested against the proposal to evict the vendors who used to sit nearby. roads of different parts of Laitumkhrah.
They say, 'The children of the wicked are nothing.
He also tells us what the Prophets say in the Book of the Prophets, which God said: “You did offer me sacrifices and offerings forty years in the wilderness. , are you the house of Israel? Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon.
Police Public School won the Best Team category in the Under-14 Girls category with three gold medals.
According to him, it was also agreed that these church groups will now take the matter to their churches to discuss the matter.
He said that when people who had been treated everywhere were sick, they came to him to be treated and in that treatment, they were healed.
However, there are also those who have moved to Mizoram.
“If he happens to be present at the meeting, he can comment on the matter," he added.
Jowai, July 02: The ECSSRCT, in collaboration with the Don Bosco Society, Shillong on Tuesday concluded a month-long training programme. for the youth and women of Laskeiñ Block, on the theme “Entrepreneurial Adventures for Youth and Women”.
He stressed on the need to put the people first in every decision they take, on the other hand, to promote the development and growth of the State.
AASU President Dipanka Nath has said that if the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi comes to Guwahati to inaugurate the Khelo India tournament, it will be held from From 10th to 22nd July 2020, the party will stand firmly against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) in front of Narendra Modi.
It is on that basis that we feel that the CAA will encourage more and more foreign authorities to come into our country,” said Bah Samuel.
(ii) When Jesus forgave us our sins, let us also forgive the sins of others.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang on Thursday declared Umjakoit village under containment zone following the increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in the village.
The meeting for the distribution of land to about 500 landless households in the city has been held as planned and was attended by the Chief Minister, Tarun Gogoi. KMSS leader Akhil Gogoi has accused the prime minister of taking such a step for Boro.
On the other hand, Ingty assured the KSU that the government will look into this suggestion.
Marak said the total cost has reached about Rs 1 crore.
St. Edmunds College came first and second, while St. Anthony's College came third.
It can also be said that although the government cannot provide employment to all the youth who have completed higher education, but the government needs to take action to formulate various policies which are partly to open up opportunities for the youth in employment by establishing jobs and standing on their own feet with the assistance of the government through various schemes.
The Prime Hub is not only for the development of businesses, but will also empower various groups in their respective areas of operations so that they can become more successful.
There has been a lot of debate by women and even lawyers within the country on such incidents and how to come up with solutions to curb it.
Shillong, November 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing, Mawkynrew Circle on Tuesday held a They expressed their regret that although Meghalaya has reached the 50th anniversary of its independence, Mawkynrew is still lagging behind in many aspects.
Four people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths to 1558 and 120 new cases on Friday. I'm from East Khasi Hills District.
On the Police Outpost, which has been discussed by many, the state government officials said that the area urgently needs to have a Police Outpost, because through the Police Outpost it protects against any incident. At the same time, the presence of the Police Outpost will also be a stronghold for the Assam border crossing.
In Umsaw Mawjynrong, he distributed two tyrpal and two syntek tops to all the four villages in the village.
These cows were seized from 11th to 30th November 2019 and 1st to 7th July 2020, said the Superintendent of Police.
The President of the Seng Khasi Mylliem said that every morning there is a children's service of the Seng Khasi Mylliem and also yesterday on the 6th of November, but the members of the Seng Khasi were surprised. to find two lynnong of eight rangbah in the field of the house.
The filmmaker strongly condemned those people who have encouraged others to oppose the release of some Bollywood films saying that this shows and exposes their stupidity.
Government sources said that while police were patrolling in front of the dorbar, at 10.40 pm, about 200 people were arrested. Wantei Kupar Swett and Tobias Tiewdop, led by Wantei Kupar Swett and Tobias Tiewdop, started fighting against the police guarding in front of the House. Five policemen were injured and had to be admitted to the CHC in Ichamati.
The following is a story I have drawn and illustrated from John Shelby Spong's writing about Hosea's relationship with Gomer.
Look at Shimla, Darjeeling, they are well known in the tourism industry but we have to see whether this will work and I have learned that Mendipathar is good.
Last year, after committing the crime, police arrested him and registered a case against him at Nongstoiñ Police Station and charged him under Section 5(N)/6 of the POCSO Act. Under Section 506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPCP), the Special Judge POCSO West Khasi Hills has sentenced the suspect to 50 years imprisonment with a fine of T.25,0 the decision of the Judge can also be extended for another two years.
The debris should be converted into compost and the remainder should be handed over to the garbage collectors according to the arrangements of the relevant authorities.
In this regard, the present government will strive to find opportunities for the youth by introducing such programmes, he said.
He said that if the suspension decision continues, the future of the children will remain in darkness.
They know that the railway is one of the ways for them to get land, by introducing foreigners and after they get land and many paid it will not be long before they rule. and dominate the state as a whole, as in Tripura and other states.
An earthquake measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale struck the state on Saturday at 1.12 PM. The epicenter of the earthquake was located in Kamrup at latitude 26.07 north and longitude East.
These stems grow from the plant’s mats and try to get themselves to the ground so they can provide support for the plant.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga has expressed his disappointment over the incident on the Assam-Mizoram border, which took place shortly after the opening of a meeting held by Amit Shah in Shillong. on May 24th, 2021.
The Congress also described Brij Bhushan Saran Singh, the BJP candidate from Kaiserganj in Uttar Pradesh, as having hidden Dwood Ibrahim's troops in , in which the CBI investigation found that they killed three people at JJ Hospital in Mumbai.
“Bringing about change is one of our top agendas.
It is also the third time in her career that Bouzkova has reached the top five, but it is the first time in her career on clay.
East Khasi Hills is the largest district compared to other districts.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, has appointed a police officer in Laitumkhrah today. Section 144 CrPC has been imposed in Shillong today as part of the efforts to curb any riots that may occur especially at night.
According to the report, the Directorate of Health and Services (DHS) has lost T.49.60 lakh to purchase equipment and medicines and T.5.79 lakh to pay the two Scientific Officers appointed in July An Ayurvedic physician was appointed to work at DTL in November
Chestar Nongtdu (19) and Soki Bareh (26) scored for Rymbai Pohskur.
Furthermore, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem, urged the people to maintain the spirit of unity and cooperation not only in preserving the culture and traditions of the Raid, but also in “As the children of the thousands, we should continue to work together for the welfare, peace and development of the people in the Raid as a whole,” he added.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmugathan on Tuesday reviewed the work done by the MUA-II government in the past few years from peace, agriculture, education, health. and others.
Otherwise, it will be destroyed and destroyed and there will be no order in the rule of law.
" She got up immediately from her seat and prepared her feet for the house.
Last year's champions Mawlai will play against PFR Football Academy at 4 pm and tickets are available from the venue.
“The people of Tura and the state have already made up their mind to oust the NPP government in the upcoming elections," he said.
Therefore, these customs will not only be according to the permission or interpretation of some but this will free the people of the country from time-consuming litigation.
They said that with his contribution, the school has been able to provide classrooms for the students at the Upper Primary level and has brought about a better environment and easier to teach.
They only stayed one night.
These employees live in the residential areas built by the company and the area where the employees live is called Kuli Line and in the offices there are many Khasi employees.
MJ Akbar, Minister of State for Child Development, has denied all the allegations against him, saying that these are just clean musli musla, as the elections are approaching. MP 2019.
In the meeting with the Governor, Prof. Nonglait told him that Meghalaya was created in 1972 on the basis of language differences.
Pyrtuh said that the JAC has already sent its demands to the state government including the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the DMHO and the Director of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). mostly since 2013.
He said that they will wait until the 13th of this month to see whether the promise will be implemented or not, said Bah Kenesjune L.Nonglait President FKJGP, South West Khasi Hills in the presence of Bah Belsi Kharbani General. Secretary and other members of the party.
He said that as citizens of India, we should be grateful to the founders of democracy and to establish an independent electoral commission.
The floods have affected not only the Khasi and Jaintia Hills but also the Garo Hills where many roads, bridges have been damaged and collapsed, as well as many houses have collapsed. into the water.
The lack of clarity on the meaning of Cadre Strength is that the new OM will continue to operate according to the Compensatory method, because even if the words about backlog reserved vacancies and recruitment are removed, cycle," from clause B (6) and clause D (2), because without a clear understanding of this Cadre Strength, the allocation shall apply not to posts or jobs that have been completed for 10 years, but to the number of works, from the past, to the present, at any time, from now on.
Children who are arrested, because they go to prison, if sold, 10 to 20 years in prison and a heavy fine.
He said that the victory does not weaken his spirit, but strengthens him.
" From these words or khanari it is clear that we are a very small group of people, and that we have been in these remote hills of Bri U Hynniew Trep for only a little over a thousand years, because we have There are many difficulties in the fields of marriage, in having children, and in maintaining the household.
Amos Dhar (26), Ban Lamare (26) scored for Nangbah, Benison Rymbai (33) and Teibok Pakma (66) for Moodymmai.
The most dangerous issues in uranium mining are:
Speaking after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said, “The Cabinet has decided to take a resolution in the House to demand the introduction of the language. Khasi and Garo in Article 5 of the Constitution"
The Rangbah Shnong said that earlier in November 2018, they had written to the Deputy Commissioner, demanding that the proposal to expand the mining of Star Cement should be suspended. “They have lodged a complaint with the Pollution Department and the Deputy Commissioner,” said Ma Mon. On the 14th, the DC called me and said that the work will go smoothly.
“At the same time, the FKJGP strongly condemns the Assam Government's forced construction of the MGNREGA road in Noapara Village without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
On the other hand, the union has appealed to the exploiters not to intimidate the people and the union has demanded that the law should punish these people who have taken advantage of the spread. This is a false news.
In another development, Satyendra Garg, Joint Secretary, Home Ministry, North East, today met Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga in Aizawl.
He urged the filmmakers to refrain from criticizing because the time will come when others will criticize you.
Earlier, he congratulated the police for their hard work to bring peace and order in the state and it cannot be said that peace has been restored in the state due to the hard work of the police.
The accident occurred after many coal trucks, dewbilat trucks and others passed by.
These are the provisions of God, through which we can know and understand that there will be no endless troubles or sorrows, no matter how long it takes.
Their entry into the BJP has clarified the doubts among the people in these days.
The incident happened at 6 pm this evening at Lad Lummawbah, Upper Shillong.
On the demands for an investigation, Prestone said there was no need to discuss the investigation.
They also alleged that what they regret is that almost all the jobs have been taken over by foreign authorities without listening to them as party leaders.
The Minister discussed many issues with the residents during the programme.
He said that where has the FCI placed the share of the youth, he said that the world today is a world of unemployment but foreigners have been called to fill various jobs. where the youth of this state are going.
He said that the strength lies in the youth and if the youth live to think about the future, it will be hope in their lives but if they live in sports, the future is dark.
The man said he would have died if Barbato had not gone to drive her husband away that day and John had planned to kill the man in the incident.
The Mizoram Government in the past few days has announced that 74.26% of the voters turned out to take part in the first Municipal Council election of Lunglei. had been held last Tuesday.
Donbok Dkhar, President of the union, said that the demand for the appointment of an independent investigation team is because the implementation of this scheme does not have any geo-tagging photographs to witness. the implementation of this scheme is true.
Furthermore, there were those who said that the leaders should force the government to announce the names of the members of the Expert Committee to review the job allocation.
We can apply this advice in other areas that we personally know better, how to build a better and better life.
Chawla posted the link to the virtual video hearing on Twitter and Instagram and invited the public to listen to the hearing.
Don't be happy, don't be afraid,” said Bah Rangshap.
However, when we reached there (at the place where it happened) we couldn't blame the menshohnoh because it happened on the border of the village (Mawthlong Mynsaiñ).
On the other hand, the FKJGP, which has worked hard to help the residents of Ummulong, said that it has not yet accepted the decision of the ADC because those who cheat to violate the rights of the people should be punished. to the punishment of the law.
“This MDA government should not introduce a law that will not be implemented immediately even if the law is not yet in place but it should not have a strong implementation,” he said.
When asked about his goal for the good of the Hima, Paiem Ricky said that the work of the Hima is more difficult and difficult.
Nongpoh, November 25: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has requested the Sengkmie to complete the post of Inspector of Schools and Joint Project Director of Education. Department in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi, has found that the building, which was constructed in 2013 and cost T.1.26 crore, has been completed. but what is surprising is that the house remains empty until today.
In reply, Meghalaya did not suffer any problems, scoring 171/3 in 34 overs, before the match was suspended.
The MPGCL power plant costs T. 21.43 crore.
Because until now the conversation has ended.
The Paragliding Accuracy Pre World 2023, organized by the Tourism Department of Himachal Pradesh, will be held from 5th to 9th June at Bir Billing, Himachal Pradesh.
Bihar police have agreed to lodge a complaint against the perpetrators.
My mother also took me to Panah to set it up without telling me.
There have been 33 new cases and the death toll in the district has risen to
Rayonald Kharkamni, Program and Development Secretary, NTC, said that the reason why the NTC has not taken action on this issue is because they have already seen the problem. “If the government installs a weighbridge in this area, there is no doubt that it will cause heavy traffic jam,” he said. and which will cause problems to the people and especially to the tourists,” said Bah Kharkamni.
KSU Mawlai Circle Sports Secretary Samla Badonbok Malngiang said in a statement.
“We have met Amit Shah again and demanded that he should be released,” Lambor said.
Even inside the House, he reminded that this list was issued by his government after a thorough consideration of the matter by spending many hours to prepare the report.
There are 95 recoveries from the disease.
These trucks were found to be parked along the NH-40E to Land Custom Tamabil, Dawki without proper documents such as Special Permit, Trading License, Labor License and other documents required to be verified before they leave. come to work in your state.
Shillong, July 17: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) in East Khasi Hills on Tuesday announced that Defense Minister Amit Shah will visit Shillong on the 18th and 19th of this month.
But you have a problem with pollution.
The electors reported this to election officials and they called off the voting immediately.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : U Government Spokesperson and Minister Bah Paul Lyngdoh today said that the Government has allowed the Border Security Force (BSF) personnel involved in the shooting death of a civilian to be arrested. shall be punished according to the law of the land.
Players who wish to participate in this tournament can obtain forms and more information by calling 9856961877, 9862206516, 8787325224, 110665 You can also go to your website –.
The HYC said that this statement of Conrad Sangma does not agree with the reply received through RTI from the Commissioner of Taxes letter No.CTA-26/2009/Pt-VI/5 dated Shillong, the 17th August, 2022 because according to the reply received, it is clear that the Department is in the process of looking into and considering the applications for the vacancies in accordance with the Act and Rules.
The eight groups who received these vehicles under the MLA Scheme include the ambulance vehicles to KSU Jaïaw Circle, FKJGP Jaïaw Circle, HYC Mawkhar Circle, 17 North. Shillong Constituency Implementation Committee has provided vehicles for the needs of groups to carry out community services including the Church of God Educational Trust, La I Sap, Jaïaw Eh Rngiew Transport Society.
The book is available from the Khasi Jaintia Assembly Book Room Motphran, Khasi Jaintia Book Stall Mawkhar and Na-fele Clinic, Umsohsun.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Regional Office of the Ministry of Forest, Environment and Climate Change in Shillong today, Javadekar said the government has decided to give more powers to the forest. Regional office to issue permits for forest land within 40 hectares.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The government has set up a sports department including the office of the District Sports Officer (DSO) East Khasi Hills and the Directorate at the JN Stadium, Polo. The 12th South Asian Games (SAG) has banned people from entering these offices.
Samuel Sangma immediately informed the North East Students Union (NSU) leaders of the incident and released videos of the incident.
They searched the room where he was staying and found these items.
There are 13 other vacancies from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 164 vacancies as of 31st November
Therefore, many Nongsynshar and Nongsharai follow customs and worship customs.
She also mentioned his ability to preach in the Khasi language and many people praised him for that.
Police have also sent the names of two eyewitnesses and the names of seven members of the VDP for further investigation.
The Umïam Dam is one of the Dam in the country which has been included for cleaning under the DRIP by the Central Government.
There are those who live in different types of jobs here in Shillong.
He said that the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2029 is related to the ILP. Robert said that the bill, which was passed in March 2020, was sent to the former Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy. On the other hand, the Governor asked questions and suggested that the amendment bill be sent to the President of India.
“It is not easy to walk between 20 to 22 kilometers with only one meal a day.
Victorelness, a nurse, is also a retired Assistant Director of Nurses at the Directorate of Health Service Shillong. women's service from Rangthong Church, Presbytery and Synod.
Arwot said that Panaliar has not canceled the program as discussions are ongoing but all ticket buyers who have already bought tickets if they want to return their tickets can. to return to those places where they buy tickets because maybe some of them don't have time in their busy schedule to come at another time, but for those who want to watch the tickets They will survive until the arrival of the Fire House.
Shillong: The brother of Granary Starfield Thangkhiew, today supported the peace talks of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday.
As of Tuesday, 52 people have come to the SSA table to complete this process.
There are no words to distinguish.
Fixed mind and growth mind.
The union respects the order of the High Court, but it is the district authorities of Ri Bhoi who have not taken action to find ways and means to prevent the affected people from the construction of the Umroi Airport.
Besides, they said how can these shops catch fire and plumg themselves, because they are shops that don't use electricity, but they use only solar panels and that's why they have been destroyed. The owner of the shop didn't know how to close the shop without any enemy.
Shillong, Naiwieng: Meghalaya is hoping to win many medals in two sports, Karate and Table Tennis at the North East Olympic Games the 10th of this month.
Shillong: The KSU Laskein Circle today sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, on receiving information that the Karbi Students Association (KSA) has intended to hold a meeting with the Karbi Students Association (KSA). together with the Karbi people to hold a march from Mukoilum to Wah Myntang, and from Wah Myntang to Umkhyrmi.
Manju Sharma, one of the residents, said that the authorities have surveyed the area in the past years and sent a The residents should not build houses here as it could endanger their lives.
Jowai, Lber 10: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS today issued an order to suspend the implementation of Section 144 Cr.
Ah! I feel sorry for another MDC Cong, he is a great thinker who has knowledge and love for the nation, God bless you.
The report also said that the government has already set up the State and District Transgender Justice Board and appointed officers to receive any complaints.
The Election Commission has also installed CCTV cameras at polling stations in different parts of the state.
The Waheh Shnong explained that the inability to collect the funds of the village is due to the ban on the members of the Executive Committee from entering the dorbar hall to hold the meeting.
The Western Youth Welfare Council (WYWC), Nongtre Lyngngam Achik Youth Federation (NLAYF) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo (NLAYF) have decided not to vote at a public meeting held in Maweit. People (FKJGP) Maweit Area today.
As an officer, he promised to these Longkmie, that he will work together for the development of these 30 SHGs in the area and at the same time they should go out from time to time to time to government officers, so that they may enjoy many advantages.
in wool www.megfarmer.
On Thursday night, some people detonated a petrol bomb at a house inside the ground floor of Narsing Akhra, Qualapatty. some parts of the House.
The 42,000 vaccines will be for the district headquarters of East Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District, West Jaintia Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District. Jaintia Hill District, West Garo Hill, North Garo Hill and South Garo Hill District.
Sawlyngdoh Higher Secondary School (Under-17 Boys) and Ïalong Secondary School (Under-14 Boys) won the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament.
The Cabinet also approved the appointment of a Lecturer of Shillong Polytechnic on an Adhoc basis.
The only thing I know that our nation is declining slowly is through the leaders who have passed the LLB of our nation.1).
On this occasion, Dorothy is determined to work hard for the development of the state.
He is a God who tells the end from the beginning,,,,, he has spoken and will fulfill it, he has purposed and done it.
In 1993, the World Council of Religions in Chicago proclaimed the Global Ethic.
“Because as soon as it rains, the farmers from Riangmang and Mawsmai have to wait until the water level of the river drops before they can travel to their farms,” he said.
He also expressed his happiness that after two years of suffering and many other sorrows due to covid but now they have been able to hold various programs in which the children have been able to celebrate once again. even.
The 36 selected talents from the Districts will meet at the State Summit to be held in November, 2022, where they will have the opportunity to showcase their talents. I was selected as an Aspire State Star.
“The Lukha River is a river that has blessed many people who have trusted in it, but as you all know, the flooding of acid water has damaged or caused this river to die and turn lifeless and turn colour. On behalf of the Forest Department, the government has taken steps to revive the Lukha River,” said James K Sangma.
At the same time, the Association wishes the children to play well in these days as a class to be trained by showcasing their talents and hopes that they will get the They have achieved success so that they can bring glory not only to the association but to the region as a whole.
In the next three years, from 2023 to 2028, the MLA will earn his own living.
When questioned, the shopkeeper said that the shop was closed at the time of the incident and there were no people inside.
A doctor at NEIGRIHMS has been arrested on charges of raping two women at the hospital.
On the other hand, the dorbar could be crowded if the opposition ARPA raises issues such as the VAB which is still in the hands of the government after being returned by the Governor and others.
How great is God's love and patience!
He said it is now the turn of the Congress to show its strength and unity.
Dr. Mukul, who is also a medical doctor, explained to the doctors how to feed and drink the patients and how they should show a smile to the patients so that if they stay in the area They also feel like they are at home and don't want to go home until they are well.
“If the party remains silent, the problem will be for the people,” said the statement.
They are really determined and do it with clear actions.
“This shows that there is a racial discrimination in that through these foreign police under the leadership of the DSP they have committed this crime and they have slandered this,” he added.
Ethan was born a healthy baby but when he reached the age of 7 months he suddenly contracted pneumonia and had difficulty breathing and had to be taken to hospital. Ivoreen Nongbet said that she was hospitalized twice a year until she reached the age of 4 years.
Saleng, who is the only NCP MLA in the state, has supported the NPP-led MDA government, which the government has strongly opposed.
Today I learned that he cannot walk because he is sick.
In the second half, Sanmer opened the scoring through Babitdor D. Dorphang in the 69th minute.
Mynsngat Village is the largest producer of sohsaw in Jaintia Hills.
Overall, the purpose or foundation of the Hindutva Movement is to establish one “country”, one “language” and one “religion” in India.
??? Shiloh shall be sad until the body and the earth are buried in the place where he dwells.
Therefore, as a group of auto drivers, we urge all auto drivers and other commercial vehicles from various associations to come and join us on this day, he added.
RBYF 20mer Circle President Lan Syngkli, Vice President Peter Syngkli, General Secretary Seibor Nongmalieh and other leaders and members of the RBYF 20mer Circle led the repair work. century 20mer Circle.
There are 43 recoveries today, 7 from Ri-Bhoi, 4 from the Armed Forces, 3 from civilians and 3 from East Khasi Hills.
In fact, the road from Pynursla to Wahkdait and from there to Dawki has remained unchanged which has caused a lot of trouble and inconvenience to the people in coming and going especially as this place is a place where tourists come and go.
When judging the election resolution, you have to judge according to the sectors, the Garo support the NPP, and the Khasi and Jaintia vote for the UDP. “I have never heard of such a thing and there is no such discussion,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking to reporters, Shylla expressed his surprise that the land which used to fall under Dawki, where he came to open the boat race in 1988, has now fallen under Bangladesh.
Shillong, March 23: The Joint Action Committee of Jirang Hima has expressed its surprise that the forest officers of the KHADC who inspected the sawmills in Jirang have seized only seven trees. these sawmills.
Jowai, Nailar 09: The 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangmih Stadium. Jowai.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the party will not interfere in the police investigation into the assault on Agnes Kharshiing and her friend Amita Sangma in The robbers in Jaintia Hills and the police will do their duty.
On this day, when the police took Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkamni to the court, it was seen that the leading leaders of the KSU and his family members, accompanied him from morning till evening.
This means that they should not think that the Khasi are Khasi but they are not Khasi.
The employees of the North East Frontier Railways (NFR) in the last fiscal year have collected fines of T.62.98 crore from them. passengers illegally boarding and boarding trains without tickets.
To conduct a joint survey of the disputed area to collect the collected data and to prepare the sketch map so that it can be submitted to the Government for revision. The resolution of the meeting was approved by the Government of Assam in accordance with Notification No.TAD/GA/83/50 dated
However, how did this man Osman Islam Goni turn into the Osman Goni Marak?
There were 56 Post Graduate Arts candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 574 candidates remained unemployed as of 31st November
Dr Rika Lamar from Manbha Foundation, Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem, Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla and MDC of NEHU were present at the ceremony. Mawlai Constituency Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangbah and Village Leaders of Mawlai Village, relatives of the youths who wanted to give up drugs in their lives.
Other winners were LK Advani (Gandhinagar), Rajnath Singh (Lucknow), Murli Manohar Joshi (Kanpur), Nitin Gadkari (Nagpur) and Sushma Swaraj (Vidisha).
The statement was concluded by the Convenors of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency.
And if we still hate someone, it means that we are not yet followers of Jesus.
The Rotary Club Jowai has distributed these protective equipment to the employees of FCI, truck drivers, contractors, wholesalers who are the people who are at the forefront of supplying food items during this time of fighting against COVID-1 .
It is easy to just talk and apologize but you don't realize that you have already hurt others.
Renik said that the opening of the CRC has come at the right time for the leaders to start their work, as the elections are near and the campaigners will have to to use this house no longer elsewhere.
The girls of East Khasi Hills came second while the boys of Ri-Bhoi came third and overall, Ri-Bhoi came second.
It is necessary to show to the world that such a country is tipbriew tipblei and does not fall into the wealth of the world to buy votes.
He said that according to the ejahar, the incident happened in November 2018 and the charges against the CEM JHADC.
He said that according to the information of the people who were present at the scene, the vehicle was set on fire by three persons, who were covered with a blanket. Two others poured petrol on the vehicle and set it on fire.
Although articles have appeared in the media questioning the legality, these gates are still operating and collecting illegal money.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Warjri congratulated the school for organizing this Science Exhibition as part of the 25th Anniversary of the step school.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Executive Engineer of PWD Jowai (South) said that the road should be completed as soon as possible, especially now that there are few tourist vehicles passing through the area.
After being beaten by three goals, Khimusniang fought hard to score, but Shangpung also fought with the same spirit to defend their goal.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Apbor Mawlong, one of the land owners, said that the land owners came today after the government for this project in East Khasi Hills has called for a high priced tender and this has caused problems to the small contractors who can no longer implement the project.
He said the party's decision to appoint him as an MDC is to strengthen the Congress party in West Khasi Hills.
Regarding the incident, the police of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima said that the police of Lumdiengjri have come to investigate and the exact number of the theft and loss has not yet been received. It is expected that soon we will be able to find out more about the involvement of the robbers in the theft from the shop.
“We strongly condemn the actions of the Tamil Nadu government and its police who have arrested and detained the farmers who staged the protest,” said Aruna Roy of Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan in a statement. that you have sent.
It has also been witnessed that in this beloved Khasi country we have fallen into the trap of corruption which is terrible to see or hear if we turn back to our own language. God we see that it is written that God does not approve of those rulers who are corrupt and if we read from God's Word in Exodus chapter 18:21 which says 'Then choose from among them the people, skilled and God-fearing men, who can be trusted and will not corrupt, put these men over the people to rule over the people over the thousands and the hundreds over the fifty and the ten thousand.
He said that the party will hold its general meeting in Sohiong on the 22nd of this month where the leaders of the party will come down to give an explanation to the people on that day.
He demanded that Bah Embhah should prove his statement on the Act.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie urges and invites all the parakur para kha from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep to come out and take part in this day.
“We don't need to explain in detail how much more quota should be given to Khasi youth, but the Ministers in office should understand because we demand to change the quota according to the population,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Former Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is now Chairman of MTDC, has initiated the idea of ​​erecting a statue of Khasi freedom fighter Tirot Singh. Syiem in Dhaka, expressed his surprise to see that instead of a 10-foot statue, a half-foot statue has been erected on the opening day on Thursday.
Welkin Stone Shadap has won the Asian Book of Records by completing the 102 km race in 19 hours.
The Minister said that the state government has already passed a resolution in the Legislative Assembly on this issue.
Shillong, March 25: Unidentified robbers have stolen a Bolero Camper (ML 05 K 5028) from the residence of Shillong at 5 pm this morning. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
The marathon was inaugurated by Ex-State Nodal Officer Dr. WY Dhar in the presence of Dr. HC Lyndem.
The program began with an ice-breaking session led by Mrs. Phindarilyne Lyndem.
The winner will receive T.5 lakh and the runner-up T.3 lakh.
According to Myntri Nongkhlaw, 28 out of 42 ministers who oppose the actions of the Syiem of Mylliem, will demand that the Syiem should be removed as a complaint has been lodged with the Syiem. KHADC earlier.
The race was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) as part of the celebration of Olympic Day
On the construction of the round tower, the Lamphang said that the construction of the new round tower has started and it has been renovated with a lighter weight than the previous one which weighed up to 3,000 metric tonnes.
One day he shot a big Niangkhlaw.
Reginald Thabah, President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawprem Circle, said that if these children have made a mistake in walking on the wrong road, the police should punish them. They should be fined according to the law, but they should not be tied up because if anything happens to these young children, who will take responsibility for them especially since they are still children? FKJGP Mawprem Circle strongly condemns this action of the police and sent a message to the police department not to misuse force or bomb and tied or do whatever they want. FKJGP Mawprem Circle has sent a letter to the FKJGP Mawprem Circle in connection with the incident. The Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs to prevent such incidents from happening again.
On the other hand, these contractors are not only interested in getting condoms and now they are demanding food and drink, clean toilets and jobs. that they don’t live at all, just using a condom.
Besides the Inter School Cricket Tournament, the EKHCA will also hold the Lt. Benjamin Diengdoh Memorial Trophy which will be divided into two categories, Under 15 Boys and Under 17 Girls.
Other villagers are not patriotic or are enemies of the country because they do not appear in various public meetings.
The land is very fertile and fertile and well suited to agriculture, horticulture and stock raising.
The fishermen who became disciples of Jesus at one time in the Sea of ​​Gennesaret also fished all night but caught nothing.
He appeared before the IC of Nartiang today and as he still has a case of rape, Nartiang police have informed Jowai police to come. He was arrested and is now in the custody of the Jowai Police Station for further investigation.
The KSU said that in the coming days it will issue a letter to confirm the survey to identify the people who have stayed for a long time and those who have stayed for a short time.
We need our own strong home which we can claim to be our true home like the Mizos, who own Mizoram,” said Bah Nongtraw.
President Adly Mansour has spoken to the security forces from the army and police to take measures to bring peace and ensure that there will be no loss of property of the people. the massacre of the civilian population.
"Lano said. "Now, when your father is still coming, please send me back..." Bah Deng said, "I'll come back tomorrow, my dear.
The winners of the awards were from Little Flower Secondary School, Little Star Academy School, Khliehriat Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Ambrose Memorial Secondary School, including Phisadalin Lyngdoh, Ibalari. Tlang, Rishot Mukhim, Risakhiat Suhlakan, Rioo Langstang, Wandaphi Pala, Damepaia Pala, Bisharlang Salahe Dream.
He said that every day when he wakes up, he doesn't have such a thought that he will shoot or kill someone but the incident happened suddenly because he couldn't control it. to the anger after the boy tried to escape from the clutches of the security guards at the time.
Speaking on the occasion, the two MLAs Damanbait Lamare MLA Umroi and Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang expressed their gratitude to the NPP party from Ri-Bhoi for the support of the youth. and longkmie have honored them after the people have honored them in the last election.
Jowai: The State Government today distributed T.5000 tyngka to those villages which have worked hard to fight against the spread of Corona Virus or Covid-1
During the tenure of Chief Minister Bah EK Mawlong led by the UDP, the government acquired the military land for the use of the people at the Bawri timber factory in Karikhana area where a parking lot and such a measure should be taken to provide space for market vendors.
For more information please call Teddy Laloo Secretary Sports of the Federation. The deadline for submission of entries is 21-4-2023 at 5 pm or call : 9378194223/ 9366215391.
It is a rainfall that the church will use Bah iau phadar.
The employees of the DC's office have collected the names and phone numbers of the vendors along with the slip. to earn money for the merchants.
This also means that there is no health benefit even if you add more of this vitamin than you should.
The deceased was identified as Macmillan Kharshandy son of R. Kharshandy of Madanrting, Lumbasuk and two of his friends. Teiborlang Kharbyngar (25) son of (L) Kordor Nongkynrih of Madanrting.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Mawlyngkhung, on the Umsning-Mawrong road, has announced that the number of cases of Covid-19 in Mawlyngkhung, Umsning, has increased. The village has been declared a containment zone from the 24th to the 21st of this month.
Some of the names that have been banned today are Tiktok Lite, Hello Lite, SHAREIT Lite, BIGO LIVE Lite and VFY Lite.
“We are surprised to learn from the Minister that the DC has implemented the Ubi-Attendance App without the approval of the State Government.
“The morning department itself has tried not to turn off the electricity for the place in Shillong so that it will not affect the students who are still taking examinations,” he said.
Police suspect that two persons have committed the crime and it is learned that there was a dispute between the two cases until the crime happened.
Finally, as part of the celebration of this great day and to be remembered forever, it was felt appropriate to extend a call and praise to all the teachers for the good things they have done for us.
The curfew has been imposed as part of the efforts to curb the spread of Corona Virus in Meghalaya through mass gatherings.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 7: The MLP FT Shillong FC has won the 2022-23 Invitational Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23 at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium. Golden Lion Rymbai won the title by two goals.
The era of ignorance has ended, Meghalaya has many knowledgeable people, who can blame them”.
West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association and Ri-Bhoi won the second category in the men's and women's category.
The match between Iongkaluh Wahsder and Mutong ended without a goal.
He said that since the incident in Ishamati, the state government has taken action to bring peace and order and the state government has already spoken to the state government. West Bengal, on the peace and stability of the people of Meghalaya living in West Bengal.
That is how it is:There was a rich and powerful king who had 4 wives.
There are about 50 shops in this market but now only about 5 shops have been opened since the collapse of the society which runs the market.
In a statement, the residents said that if this is left alone, there is a risk that at any time when the natural forces are strong, a tragic incident will occur.
The WJSU Western Circle, Dawki on Tuesday urged the Executive Engineer, Jowai Distribution Division MeECL to relocate the electricity signs to the NH 206 (NH 40 E) from Lad Darrang to Dawki. walk in the fields.
On the other hand, Challam said that if MeECL had worked without cheating the people of Jaintia Hills, it would have had to impose load shedding at the same time for all, because all users You can use your electricity bill from MeECL in the same way as you pay your electricity bill every month.
Speaking to reporters, Abhishek said Meghalaya will be ruled by the people of Meghalaya and asked the BJP whether it is willing to go to West Bengal to say that West Bengal will be ruled. hi to the people of Bengal.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Other Backward Classes Organization (AMobCO) has sent a petition to the Commissioner & Secretary of the Social Welfare Department, Bah T.Dkhar regarding the deprivation of rights of the Other Backward Classes. OBC classes in this state.
As a church leader, since 1946 he has been standing up to speak at large meetings to preach the Word of God.
Speaking on Amit Shah's claim that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India, Mahua Moitra said, “If the BJP has been with the MDA government for five years, it is clear that the The BJP also sees corruption in the state, and the question now is, why Amit Shah has been silent for more than four years but now that the elections are approaching, he has started to surprise people.
Many American leaders have shown from time to time that they do not want to spend too much on space technology.
“This has been achieved through the measures taken by the state government through the Anganwadi departments and I am sure that this will be reflected in the NFHS (National Family Health Survey-6) which will be released soon,” he said.
RBriswell Shadap – Dipul R.Rynta thiang, Umroi – Albinus Lyng doh, Sohryngkham – Marbok Kharpran, Maw kynrew – Banteidor Lyng doh, Lyngkyrdem – Laitkroh – Jansing Tyngsong, Nongshken – Pthony J.Kongsong. Mylliem R.V.Lyngdoh, Yalanda R.Mylliemngap, Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Rocky Hek, Jaiaw-Jaiaw-Havergail E.Bareh, Mawlai Mawrang Teiborlang Pathaw Julius C.Diengngan, Mawkyrwat Diverland Lyngdoh, Langrin -Manstudy Nongrem, Nongstoin Dr.Adviser Pariong, -Raiong
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawsyntai, Bah Kitbok Sylliang, the Secretary Shnong, Bah Elevenson Makdoh, the elders of Mawsyntai were also present at the ceremony. Mawsyntai with the children together with the leaders of HNYM, Nongpoh Zone.
As a singer, Kumar Sanu has sung in many languages ​​including Hindi, Marathi, Assamese, Bhoj Puri, Manipuri, Nepali, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi, Odia and English.
Himalaya joined the BJP in November 2022 after defecting from the Congress and the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to contest the 2023 MLA elections from Mawsynram.
Shillong: The owners of land in Huroi, Lahaleiñ village, who have not received their compensation, today went to block the foreigners of the NBCC company from passing through the damaged land.
Last month, the ED seized Rs 21 crore from the residence of Arpita Mukherjee. bam money from this work.
They demanded that UCIL should withdraw its tender, that the government should suspend and withdraw the 2 lane road from Nongstoin-Wahkaji to Mawthabah, from Nongstoin-Rambrai to Chaigaon, Mawthabah-Phlangdiloin to Ranikor and Ranikor-Moheskola to Baghmara, he said, adding that these are the roads to facilitate the mining of uranium.
After cleaning and collecting the garbage and placing it in the byrni, the leaders and members of the Society also placed polo shirts along the road and in front of the shops, so that those who walk and stand and shop owners will use.
“This allegation by this person is to encourage the hardworking Sengbhalang and the Seng warns this person that from now on he should not repeat the allegation and also to others who have been working hard. “I don't want to criticize other organizations on social media,” said Bah Bawan.
This insect is the larva of a small, blue insect.
At the same time, she said that the women of the state are ready to participate in the political elections, adding that the victory of the men is also due to the support of the women.
I too am sad like others (who are sad but don't know how to get out).
He said that on the request of the petrol pump owners, the Cabinet has decided today to give time to the petrol pump owners to pay the tax on or before 15th June
According to the source, there have been discussions between Ampareen and NPP leaders including Conrad K Sangma and others who are more interested in her than others because there are groups within the party. who fails to give tickets to others.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2018 has continued today.
Regarding the findings of the inspection, the office bearers of the Committee will think carefully and also send a letter to the District Council, in order to resolve the problems inside the market, especially when regarding the illegal entry of foreigners and also on the presence of people who have opposed to cross the boundary of the market.
From Mynsngat Khanduli, NPP candidate Pheiñchawa Nanglein and Congress candidate Albinus Sympli have filed their nomination papers.
“Only the Government of India can do anything and take a decision on the issue raised by the villages who have not agreed to the boundary settlement,” said the suspended Congress MLA.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday 19/02/2020 at the Wahkaji Presbyterian Church at 2 pm.
Relatives while receiving the body of the coal miner Today, the Navy troops have been trying to recover the body but due to many problems, due to the presence of pipes and other equipment they have not been able to recover the body. tar and too much water.
, one can have the “Jaid" of the father or of the mother or he may not take any “Jaid" at all.
He congratulated the youths from South West Khasi Hills District who will participate in the Meghalaya Games to win the title as they used to bring honor to the region and the state. whole.
She said that these vehicles can be obtained from only two dealerships in the state, one at Modrina Mawlai and the other at Mawblei.
The meeting was held at the KSU Central Body office in Jaiaw in the presence of KSU Nongtrai Unit leaders.
The Vivanta Meghalaya is owned by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) and has been leased to IHCL for 33 years through a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode.
Markets and shops have been closed on this day except for the village shops, office visitors are also scarce and all banks have been closed on this day. The HNLC has affected the movement of the people.
However, it is not good to ignore one's own language, the language of the nation and to destroy that of others.
However, how sad and painful it is to see these rivers as they are now.
:U Bah Disparsing Rani, RTI seeker in the state, has questioned the management of the Civil Hospital, Shillong on the lack of action to provide the missing medical equipment at the hospital. He said that the government has been able to generate more than T.6 crore in three years, he said in a meeting with the media on 6th November at Shillong Pressclub.
Earlier, Dr Laloo said that the State Education Policy has been prepared and after receiving the opinions of the people, it will be submitted to the Cabinet for consideration before approval.
Umphyrnai SC struck at the end of the first half and Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored the second goal for the team to take a 2-1 lead in the 11th minute.
Regarding the opening of the Sub Centre, those who spoke said that the success of the Sub Center will be a great blessing to the people not only in Sohphoh, but also in Sohphoh. but in the whole area, because it is easy to get medicines and especially for those poor women, who need to go for treatment from time to time.
Their life history was read, in which it was shown that they were children who knew the day and obeyed their parents.
With the emergence of agricultural experts through new technologies, we have become better and more productive seeds for the farmers.
He also promised that the council will not take action against these complaints lodged by the association as they have refused to take part in the raid despite being informed.
It was noted that the PHE water is sufficient for cleaning methods and the Ph Value is also sufficient but there are other bacteria in the water and therefore it needs to be tested first.
Since last Sunday, there have been 60,000 cases a day in the country and some days, it has reached 70,000 cases a day.
According to this announcement, those who have died of Covid-19 since 14th October 2020, should receive a donation of 4 lakh tyngka through the SDRF, medical expenses or hospital expenses for those who have died of covid in hospitals. The SDRF should provide assistance at a price to be arranged by the state government and even the cost of equipment used to fight the disease should be arranged by the SDRF. The Deputy Commissioner of EKHD, who is also the Chairperson of the District Disaster Management Authority, said that how many people have died of covid-19 as announced by the government have received this donation of Rs 4 lakh. and how many people who have been treated for Covid-19 in hospitals have received medical assistance.
This will create differences among the communities that the Reservation Policy aims to serve and develop.
