New Zealand, on the other hand, tied first yesterday and continues today.
He worked against Bah Syiem who had just formed the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
SP City Vivek Syiem said that at 9 to 10 pm, police under the leadership of SI Tongwah seized the vehicle at Pomblang, Dangar Dangar Out Post. Synshar Thongni, Synshar Thongni, immediately fled to the forest as soon as he saw the police.
Soon after that, Tangmar came.
However, the allegation of the loss of files in KHADC is a matter of reconciliation and understanding between the accuser and the accused.
This is because these companies buy these chips and use them for the purposes of the army.
People in the past had stronger faith than today that's why Jesus as God foresaw this age and until he comes back to this world – will he find faith on earth – faith in the name of Jesus Christ.
In addition, about 60% of students use private vehicles to travel to different schools.
On the other hand, the DHO said that the department will try its best to create ways and means to help them.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Donboklang Khriam.
In the fourth match, Umpohliew Jingtip Higher Secondary School beat Vilco Secondary School 14-0
On the other hand, the leaders of West Jaintia District Sports Association thanked the athletes for their good performance and especially the District Sports Officer of West Jaintia Hill District and also the Members and Leaders of the West Jaintia District Sports Association who supported and encourage the leaders and athletes of the sport.
“Therefore, because the management is not proper for many reasons, this does not mean that the district councils should be abolished or taken over.
The VPP candidate will be one of the candidates to contest against the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate who is also the President and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Instead of pointing fingers at other states, the BJP should look at the situation in its own party.
“Some people, they are strong enough to drink tea.
After a while, neighbors and residents rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire by pouring water, but despite their efforts, all the belongings inside the house were burnt down. They were cleansed from their clothes and from their clothes.
After receiving a complaint , police rushed to the scene to search for the abducted child , and at 9:30 pm they found the child on the highway near Puriang village .
In the Olympic disciplines, the athletes honored this time include climbing, athletics, archery, football, shooting, boxing, taekwando and badminton. They have won medals in Arm Wrestling, Kickboxing, Jeet Kune Do, Karate (Zendokai), Mixed Martial Arts, Body Building, Muay Thai and Karate-Do.
Wear a jain jynsur if you have to go to a place where you don't have these thyllah ksaiñ.
How can the State Government authorize the DC Office to issue an order to the public whether they are shopkeepers or taxi drivers?
Tura allowed five wickets but only Preangchi took two wickets for 27 runs.
“Whether the Prime Minister agrees or not with what he has done on this issue, he has called and said that we agree,” he said.
In tomorrow's match, Rakesh Pradhan will return with the team after suffering from illness.
Shillong: Two women with the support of the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle, today, came forward to express through the media the lack of action by the C&RD department of Pynursla block.
The committee was chaired by Raj Kumar Sacheti, who is also the Coordinator for the 2016 South Asian Games. Shillong will be the host city along with Guwahati and India will be the Deputy Chief of Mission for the 2018 Asian Games.
If the E/C has approved, it will go to the Council of KHADC, the Council will go to the State Government District Council Affairs, before it goes to the Lat, it will have to go through the Supreme Court Approval. ask for the view of the people before the Lat signs, and ask for the view of the people through the Media/Dorbar.
He said that in the rural areas, offline classes will continue until further notice.
He also urged the people to give clear information that the MLA scheme or any development works brought by the MLA is not a charity work of him but it is their right. not to the public as required by the Government.
Shillong, March 13: A prayer group of the MIZPHA Prayer Fellowship from Kuwait, Canada, Chennai and Pune, including a pastor.
Of these, 23,04,621 or 68.82 per cent have Aadhaar.
On receiving the information, the village authorities rushed to the scene and immediately informed the District Administration of West Jaintia District. The Pillar 1273-3S, which weighs about 300 kilos, was taken away by Bangladeshis who were carrying many people. their.
On the other hand, the facts show that in these decades of coal mining, no one has remembered to protect the environment which provides jobs and this has affected those who Sunapur, Borkhat, Kharkhan, Pyrsadwar, Kwator, Dem Lakang, Pdeng Wah Khynriam, Kharkhana, Pasadwar, Lumpyngngad and others. hunt meat and sell it in the market to earn a living; but now that the rivers have been destroyed by the coal mine, they have lost their income from fishing.
Among the thousands of people who followed Jesus, some followed only to get food, some just went to see, some wanted Jesus to praise them and some wanted Jesus to bless them and them. their houses.
The new members of KSU Barato Unit are Samla Ehboklang Sten President, Titos Shadap Vice President, Ready Shadap General Secretary, Pynshongdor Sten Asst GS, Pynkyrhai Sten Organizing Secretary, C.Tyngkan Sport Secretary, Nihun Sten Finance Secretary, Education Secretary Marki Pala , Thrangmynsien Tmung as Advider and about 14 members.
Genesis 3:5.
He was one of the most dangerous robbers of Delhi-NCR, who fled the country using a fake passport,” said the police chief.
There are about 9,000 Asha in the state.
The meeting also discussed the MDC candidate 2014 from Mawthadraishan Block, received a report from the office and welcomed with a spirit of gratitude the promptness of Bah JC Diengngan to take and carry the candidate. This is the lyngkor at a time when everyone has stepped back as President and as a candidate.
Shillong, July 7: A borewell truck (TN-45AS 0599) has caught fire at 12.30 pm today.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the app will benefit and facilitate the government employees of the state on matters related to the ability to complete the vigilance clearance quickly.
Regarding the inspection, the MLA of Mawhati, sought information from the employees on the problems they face in these hospitals and also regarding many shortcomings, which still need to be addressed. more.
It is for this reason that due to the lack of leaders with statesmanship quality in the state, many of our Khasi-Pnar lands have been encroached into Assam.
With this initiative, we will show and convey to the Central and State Governments that we are determined and desire that the Khasi language should be included in the Khyrnit Baphra.
The game was not very fast and both the teams were strong in the game, but Lajong had more chances to score but could not turn the net.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Chairman Lamphrang Blah and EM in charge of Arts and Culture Department, Bah Victor Rani on Monday visited Mawphlang. Heritage Village (KHV) to host the Monolith Festival scheduled to be held this year.
The party will continue to do so," he said.
Shillong, July 7: Although the celebration of Sngi Lumlang which is the special day of the Khasi Khara in Dima Hasao district this year has not been as peaceful as in previous years, the celebration of Sngi Lumlang has been very successful. The day was again smooth and peaceful.
The fish from abroad come straight to Khliehiew and they are well fed and when we went to the vendors, to the retailers, we tested, found and therefore, to say where they put the medicine, where they give it. “We don't know but we have found according to the test that there is formalin in the body of the fish,” said the DC. , will decide what to do as the Food Safety Department is currently collecting samples of the fish.
There are 4,539 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 1,2
As I mentioned in that article, as the Khasi people, from the beginning we have given jait to the mother or the woman and it has continued until today.
Matthew 24:13.
“Election candidates should have their own grounds when they intend to contest because without a foundation they will not reach any goal”, said Bah GG Bung Snaitang.
When asked about the reasons why he intends to go to the district council, he said that his reasons are to strengthen the laws of the district council to preserve the customs and traditions.
The JSU has sent a message to the state government not to do politics to divide only the districts in the state, but the government has the right to bring about development in the old districts and not to waste time dividing the districts. district without bringing about economic development for the benefit of the people especially the rural areas.
He explained that the District Councils have received more than Rs 59 crore for the year 2020-21 but the government is still holding on to it. “There is no violation of the rules and regulations because according to the rules, the money should be released within 10 days from the date of receipt and the government will have to pay the fee,” said the MDC. If the government releases this fund, it will have brought great benefits to the people because through this fund, the Council will be able to improve the health facilities in the rural areas including CHCs, PHCs, Sub. -Centers and dispensaries.
He was a member of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and later the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council from 1958 to
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday urged the VPP supporters to be determined to join the VPP and not to be misled. Speaking at the last meeting of the VPP in Sohryngkham, Bah Ardent urged the people to work hard for the victory of the candidates whom the VPP is contesting so that The party will be recognized as a recognized party and the people need to win many candidates so that the Prah symbol will belong only to the candidates contested by the party.
Shillong, July 18: The Dorbar Shnong Umsyiem will open the 100th Anniversary of the Umsyiem Village on the 23rd of this month at 10 pm. in the village school grounds.
In the Jury Special Mention category, Manipur's Master Priyojit (Acting) was awarded the Manipuri film Eikhoigi Yum.
He said that they immediately lodged a complaint with the Mawngap Out Post Police Station and in the complaint they named four persons including Minister MB Kharlukhi, Kamailang Nongkhlaw, Wadjingshai Sohlang, Kwel. Nongbri along with others who have not been named.
At the same time, the Sports Department of the state is monitoring and monitoring these athletes and has set a target that these athletes will receive the best training.
“Both the state government and the NHAI should submit their report for the hearing within the next four months,” said the Division Bench in its order after hearing the PIL filed by Bah. Welcome Amse.
His donation is part of his support to the government and the people in the fight against COVID-19, which has forced them to stay at home due to the lockdown.
Before the release of the Pnar film “Johkhe.com” at Nongbha Jowai, a short meeting was held led by Tympang Laloo, a prayer was delivered by Kyrshan Synnah and Marbud Laloo Producer. of this film.
Before that time comes, we must collect the government.
When the Daloi, Pator, Sangot, Maji and Tymmen Kisan heard of this, they were very sorry and sorry for what they had done and they completely destroyed this shad without holding it anymore.
There are many ways in which the Bank cannot market itself and help the people to improve their economy.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Patharkhmah Village and was attended by the leaders of KSU, RBYF from Western Ri Bhoi and including the elders. from this area.
In the incident, all the belongings of the house were lost as the fire had completely destroyed the plain although it was no longer the wind season and the total cost of the house was T. 1.50 lakh either.
This place worked very well at the time.
Before the march, there was a short speech by the Waheh Shnong of Dkhiah West, Comingone Tlang and a prayer by the former Waheh Shnong of Dkhiah West, Tbn Livingstone Phawa.
He hoped that the government should look after the future of the youth and women. He said that even the jobs are now called Contractual but those Sanction Posts which do not exist anywhere else. jah?As the candidates to be elected, they should also work hard to improve the State Reservation Policy, the implementation of the ILP and any future government should not move their offices from Jowai but you should even find ways and means to create new ones elsewhere.
“We have decided to immediately inform the state government about this opposition,” said the CEM. Bah Titos said that there is also a concern that there are not enough courts in the village courts as well as courts in the At the same time, he said, the Hima or subordinate courts will lose their powers once the CPC and CRPC are in operation. At the same time, he said, they are still waiting for a draft from the government. opinion.
Chandana Bauri, the new MLA of Saltora, Bankura, has won the election on the BJP ticket, but she has not yet learned how to work as an MLA. Mithun Chakravorty, Bollywood actor and BJP leader in West Bengal, has received a blessing from Mithun Chakravorty.
He also warned that if the government does not take action on this issue which is the life and death of the people, the party will take a strong stance to ensure the rights of the citizens.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93546 out of which 91801 have recovered and 1581 have died.
Kesilroy Pala is the father of Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State and Nartiang MLA and former Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar.
The Trial Camp will be held on the 8th November at 8.00 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Lahkmen said that on Friday, last month, he had called a meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary and the Secretary Education to discuss the lack of admission of Class XI students. Jaintia has only 5791 students and 6113 students have already been admitted.
The time when the Fourth Temple was built in Jerusalem.
I'm going to work with the mahajon, but I'm going to take the truck and go back.
Declining to comment on the possibility of political change, Prestone said he would inform on all these political issues between the 6th and 8th of June.
The RCA expects that the games at the stadium for the current tournament will complete the stadium with a seating capacity of up to 23,0 tickets are already on sale to the public.
In the Constitution, it was also found that these village leaders have also acknowledged that Sohmynting is the village of the Pyrtuh clan or the Hima of the Pyrtuh clan which has its own boundaries including Moospong, Mootari, Myngkoi Lum, Wahtyr-a, Lum. However, all these writings are incorrect, according to the documents registered with the District Council. The name of the Dorbar Shnong is not the Kur Pyrtuh.
The protest was on their demand for their share which they have not received for several years.
Shillong, July 14 : The heavy rainfall overnight has caused another landslide near the corner of the road leading to Riat Rngain this morning at about 5:00 pm. This has caused problems to the passengers on the Shillong-Dawki road.
Ben-Hanan Oshea Kharmawphlang, 11, said that at first he was shy and afraid to talk to other children and take part in class.
Shillong: The North East Indigenous People's Front (NEIPF) Youth Wing (NEIPF) has strongly opposed the proposal to build a coke factory in the area. such as the Tree of Life, the Ladwapung, and the Umsatai.
As soon as they reached the GS Road to Motphran, they were disappointed because there was no place to walk.
According to the programme, these Pastors from Wales are scheduled to deliver speeches at the Synod services yesterday and tonight in Sutnga and Sohiong.
This plant grows in the rain.
The RTI requested by Arlin Dkhar of Khliehtyrshi village revealed that up to T.1.18 crore of money has been misused by the CEM of JHADC. T.66 lakh is from the discretionary grant while T.52.50 lakh is from the gratuity relief released to the CEM from July to November
“The situation will determine whether we will lead the government or make someone king and it will depend on the decision to be announced on the 2nd,” he said.
These robbers robbed trucks carrying goods to Bangladesh passing through these villages and these people are suspected to be Dkhars who came from Bangladesh.
Therefore, we will discuss this and according to the decision we have taken, we demand that the land should be given to the European Ward,” said Singh.
The RJTA has expressed its deep sorrow over the order of the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills on Monday to close the market.
Fullbackstar Shangrit, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit, in a statement, said that the HYC Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit (HYC) has handed over the truck. The EE has written to the PWD and the EE has promised to send for a thorough inspection to improve the road.
They were distributed with items such as knives and knives by the chief guest Kong AL Lapang and these items were purchased with the money donated by the volunteers through the Shlem of Rupang.
He said the school authorities have already informed the BDO, BADO and MLA Pius Marweiñ.
Police have seized these suspected drugs from Mawrwet area, and the owner of these drugs has been identified as M.Singh and others involved along with u They were known as K. Kalita and Jasbir.
Bisht finished the match with 205 runs from 193 balls.
Nongpoh: Speaking to the teachers who came to participate in the celebration of Teachers' Day held at Nongpoh today, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, said that he is very grateful to the teachers. When he saw the problem of teachers in the state, it is because until now there is no proper educational system or rules among teachers, who do the same job and the same way of teaching to the children. , but when it comes to the results, it is very different.
This is according to a statement from the Organizing Secretary, Samla N.Sutnga.
KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that the KSU leaders have unanimously decided to temporarily suspend the protests from this moment of announcement until the first month of July
“I encourage the members of the SHGs to use the source of funds for the smooth running of the programme,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills District today met with the Governor of Meghalaya to discuss whether he will pass the Village Administration Bill. Eleven Rangbah Shnongs have met with the Governor in the presence of Dr. Werlok Kharshiing President and RL Blah General Secretary. .
The interaction between money and society creates the largest market.
According to Bah Spiton, “the Shad 'Lakhempong is a dance of joining hands behind the Theisotti and Rang Samla... In this youth dance, when it comes to the youth, only the young men are qualified to participate. This is the Mawja dance in Riwar.
In the 95 kg category, Banbatjuban Khongwir came first and Jeremybert Rangat came second.
The poor don't have any choice but to pay T.500 to the rich candidates.
The CCMT and R&R Colony Welfare Society also expressed their gratitude to the DC for her encouragement and also thanked the health workers, magistrates, block officers and police who was involved in helping at such a time.
The union said that the cheating of books has affected the parents of those students who come from poor families.
They said that the visit of the party leader to the state has encouraged the party leaders and also the supporters and the party leader will have the opportunity to meet them. to explain the principles of the party and also the goals of the party to implement in Meghalaya.
This decision was taken at a public meeting held at Hynniawmer, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday which was attended by coal traders and transporters of the area.
The family of (L) Yiang Suting, who was buried on 21/7/23 at Moorathud Presbyterian Church, sends this heartfelt condolences to all of you, friends, relatives, villagers. Thank you very much for your condolences and condolences to us on the passing away of our father on 20/7/2
These residents acknowledged that many of the development works in the area have been done by the Assam Government.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills on Friday ordered micro containment of several houses in Moodkyndur village, Thadlaskeiñ Block after a confirmed case of COVID-1
The meeting was attended by Deputy Commissioners, BDOs, Directors of Fisheries and Fisheries Officers from both districts.
The dream of 28 villages to get drinking water from the Greater Nongstoin Urban Water Supply Scheme (GNUWSS) has almost come true, as the implementation of this scheme remains only 25 or 30 per cent.
She said that when they grow up and complete their education, they will understand how to appreciate the value of the environment and the need to preserve it as it is.
After meeting with the vendors of Umsning market, the ministers found that the market vendors have paid from T.1500 to T.10,000 to the Minister of Mylliem Umlong to get dulir according to the size of the shop. their.
Today, Modi visited the state and addressed several public meetings.
The first session was conducted by Dr. Bandarilin Bairo, Lecturer, Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong. Gemma Lyngdoh of Sankardev College and Slendar Dkhar of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
The video shows that Purushottam Sharma had a fight with his wife and then shot her and she fell to the ground and continued to shoot her while she was struggling to escape.
Their father, Mallur Purushottam Naidu, is the Vice Principal of Madanapalle Government Women's Degree College while his wife, Padmaja, is a gold medalist in mathematics and has run a school. a very prestigious private college in this very area.
Besides many of the participants of the festival, which was performed by different Hima, what is not seen much these days is the put Muin. longkmie is from Bhoi.
Arunachal Pradesh won two silver medals, Nagaland three bronze medals and Sikkim one bronze.
The prize money for the competition is T.1 lakh and the winner will be the Brand Ambassador of the Don Bosco Media Network to participate at the International Level as the Vocal Star or 'The Voice' outside India.
The JHADC is not aware that the auction of the wah lukha to private individuals has resulted in the loss of fish seeds, because the buyer does not know the rules laid down by the council.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in the next 40 days, it is very important for us to be vigilant.
The incident happened at 2 pm.
KSU Jowai Circle Publicity Secretary Morning Star Pasi said in a statement.
The competition was inaugurated by the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Vicar General, Rev. Richard Majaw, the Provincial of the Salesian Province Shillong, Fr. Paul O. Lyngkot, Fr. Jivan Lakra, Rector of Don Bosco Technical School, in the presence of the Brothers and the parents and families of the participants.
Rymbui's decision to resign came after the police raided the house of former HNLC leader Cherish Thangkhiew, which was against the rules of law.
She said the commission will send a letter to the National Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Commission to punish the management of the Delhi Club.
“Although there is a saying that it is not religious, Christians should be very careful and not follow the religions of others (or Hindu religions), says the rule. The Theology Commission of KCBC, which issued it six months ago, said that yoga can be practiced in a balanced and exercising manner.
“Niakha, what time shall we leave?” asked Rida's mother. “It was written at 11 o'clock but before that time we had to leave...” Niakha turned.
According to him, these types of helicopters served well in the 1971 war.
Later, Divender Bansal, Resident Director Star Cement came to meet the JAC leaders, but the talks between the two sides did not come to fruition.
Likewise, a cow cannot turn into a pig or a goat.
However, the state has not been able to send it to Delhi.
One person was injured in the attack.
He said that in fact if this different symbol of rice is not made of plastic and mixed with rice, the government should have explained through the media, so that the public knows. and even if it is made of plastic, the government should clarify and investigate thoroughly to find out the companies who do that and punish them.
On Friday morning, Mawlai Police Station recovered the body of a man with an injection needle in his hand lyngktar at the cemetery of Lummawnei village, Mawlai.
In Jaintia Hills, one MLA has up to 7 MDCs in his constituency and in the public, there are up to 3.4 MDCs in one MLA constituency.
You know say today is my birthday.
In the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup, Mooknor Thadmuthlong beat NSA 2-1
It is a pleasure to see this match played by a club that has played only with homegrown players.
The annual campaign will be led by DAY-NRLM's Self-Help Groups which has more than 9.8 crore women from across the country in collaboration with the Jan Andolan.
Khliehriat, Nailur 30: Amrit Cement Ltd in collaboration with CII Project Kaksha has conducted special programs at two schools in East Jaintia Hills District. The program was held on the 27th and 28th at Rymbai Presbyterian Upper Primary School and RCPL School Mynkre.
Orial Shabong, 83, passed away on Saturday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Thomas Passah, Leader of Ka Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, said that the group will hold a meeting on the 12th of this month to lay flowers at the cemetery to commemorate the death of year of Mr. Cherishstarfield.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Puriang Village, which held its meeting on 22nd July 2019, has decided to fully support Kris Kharsati alias Ieid Bahdeng for the MDC election 2019 from 6-Sohryngkham Constituency. Almost all the residents of the village from the youth, men and women as well as parents took part in this meeting.
Invite a stranger into your house, and he shall destroy you with confusion, until you are scattered from house to house" (Sir 11:34).
His explanation came after there was a confusion whether the release of CUET for Meghalaya is only for the year 2022-2
In Umiam, the rainfall was 0.4mm today, while the rainfall was
At the same time, the JCCC would like to thank the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai for providing the classroom of Kiang Nangbah to conduct the Entrance Examination.
He said that in July this year, the members of the Seng have arrested mynder who smuggled from Bangladesh into the Indian border.
For this reason, these land dealers in the townships and villages in the city and suburbs have been forced to take advantage by increasing the price.
Brolding Nonsiej u bat iaka home (civil defense and home guards, water resources, printing & stationery departments.
It doesn't matter if someone accepts or doesn't accept, because we all have our own free will – even God doesn't force anyone.
Bah Khonglam said that the deterioration of the road has caused a lot of suffering especially from Laitlyngkot to Dawki.
“The Vice President of the Central Body is also from this constituency, I am also the Organizing Secretary of the Youth in the Central Body but we don't have any information. “It's time to wait until the 21st of this month otherwise we won't be able to take another decision,” he said.
“My goal is to lead the party forward and ensure that all the development schemes of the BJP government should reach the right people and be implemented properly in this state,” he said. Mawrie while speaking to reporters today.
The Government and especially the people's leaders need to take action to ensure that the leaders receive the necessary assistance so that they can provide good services to the people in these days of rapid population growth. as the days went by.
All vehicles coming from Riatsiatsim will go to Mynthong District Library, vehicles coming from Khimmusniang/Jrisalein will go to Chutwakhu Road.
If it weren't for the media to publish all this, would the people have known about those thefts within the government?
Through drug abuse, many Khasi youths have lost their lives, their families have been destroyed which has hampered the development of the Jaidbynriew.
The goddess raped a woman in Karnataka, but after leaving India, she created a new country or 'Kailaasa'
Goa came second in Group-A after beating Assam 3-3
On Tuesday, the Catholic Church leaders held a public Aadhaar registration at the Archbishop's House in Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Those who passed in other grades can inform the leadership of KSU Shangpung.
`This intention of the ASHA workers to come forward again to demand their right to wages has come to light today, after the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union told the media about the They said that the government has acted incorrectly and wants to deceive the ASHA workers without paying them the salary they should have received as allocated by the government.
This opportunity has fulfilled my dream and has also given me the opportunity to stand on my own feet.
He threw the ryngwiang khwai into the same river twice but he didn't catch anything and he left.
Police have filed a case against former MP Atique Ahmed, his brother Ashraf, his wife Shaista Parveen, two sons and many others. pat the helper.
In the past years, despite the shortage of electricity, we have faced the problem of low voltage, but with the opening of this new substation, our area will receive the same voltage as other substations. region.
The HNLC hopes for the best from this talks, but cannot be sure how far the talks will go or will be successful because so far the only successful peace talks are the Mizoram Peace. Accord 1986, if they count, in the world or in the history of India except for other social agreements between the civil society and the Government of India, they do not reach anywhere they end up only in the writings and promises of the Government.
He also alleged that only those who supported the sale of the land were those who had about 52 members.
Shillong: Youngsters who have completed the Physical Efficiency Test (PET) who have also written the written test for the vacancies in the Meghalaya Police (MLP) including A/B), U/B, MPRO and others Others have expressed their disappointment over the delay in the release of the results of the written test examination by the police department in June
This was announced by the MLA of the constituency who is also the Minister of State, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh while talking to media.
Who are we to blame when we ourselves grow evil??? Wow ko women rot khasi how can you not be ashamed to do and expose to the world such a thing, think about your children and inheritance to wan spirit too.
The Government may consider special consideration for her contribution to the state by honoring and promoting her to the rank of ASI in the 1st MLP Battalion.
“I don’t sleep with men, I have my own wife.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, LR Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner and Secretary, Govt.
The Dorbar Chnong Panaliar, Jowai has earlier announced that it will perform a Fire House band in the village to raise funds for the school. and the tickets were sold out before that day.
The Government has been working with the military and aid agencies to find and assist the missing while also providing necessary support to the affected people.
The conflict has so far claimed about 138 precious lives from Meitei and Kuki and displaced 60,000 people.
On the other hand, Dr.P.Shylla, Medical and Health Officer, Jowai Civil Hospital, expressed her gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Chilliagraij for taking this initiative to donate blood at the Jowai Blood Bank. you for sha you for.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah denied that the government's intelligence department is weak to curb crime in the state.
Perhaps at such a time and in such a context of Jewish society, the book of Ruth was published.
As fellow residents of this area and as a community of faith, today, we share our sorrow and stand in solidarity with you in the suffering you have endured for two months and we ask forgiveness from for these expressions of mutual hatred.
This is the fourth time in the history of Riiohlang to receive this batch, the first time was in
the money of the cases was not wasted and there was also a murder.
Shillong: Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem on Tuesday said that the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) factory needs to be improved in order to revive it from the disease. to slow in these years.
Other venues have been ordered to close only half the number of meeting places and sports venues and cinemas have been ordered to close only half the number of seats. before 9pm.
According to the Minister, there are 10 villages in East Garo Hills, 4 in East Jaintia Hills, 4 in East Khasi Hills and 2 in Eastern. West Khasi Hills, 8 cases in North Garo Hills, 17 cases in Ri-Bhoi, 50 cases in South Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 12 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, in West Jaintia Hills and 15 in West Khasi Hills.
It is estimated that the total cost of the incident has reached T.3 crore. There were no casualties or injuries.
" There are also pictures of merchants, sellers and buyers and walkers and spectators of forty kinds.
He said that there are only a few members in the group and most of them are hardworking to support themselves. The service to the public by paying a small amount of vehicle fare, and the seizure of this vehicle is also after the serious accident that happened on the Shillong Bye Pass in the past years where the families did not An ambulance was received but a Bolero Pick Up was used to take them to the hospital.
The purpose of this program is to train young men and women to set up their own businesses and to support themselves in life.
We must help them in the right direction and that is how we want to hold the North East Olympic Games.
Three clubs from the city have qualified for the I-League like Shillong Lajong, Rangdajied United and Royal Wahingdoh. About 3,000 players have joined the SSA so far. Premier League, 1st Division, 2nd Division, 3rd Division and 4th Division.
While the HSSLC examination was held at Patharkhmah School, Govt.
The Khasi people still respect their elders even though they don't have the jait sha but from the family, friends or even the village in the society they respect men as elders.
Today, after the news spread about this incident, the crowd turned to the Khliehriat Police Station in anger against the robber.
Special task forces set up for the implementation of waste rules across the state have seized about 25 tonnes of plastic items which are banned from production and used since a raid took place last month.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of one of the oldest journalists in the field of journalism, Bah Varioustar Nongsiej. Thread.
The world we live in is no longer like the world of fish in a well.
The people we choose are righteous, God-fearing, righteous, and unselfish.
Coal from West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills has been exported to many parts of India through Assam and Bangladesh.
School children from Mukhap village took part in a tree planting program on Monday as part of the celebration of World Environment Day (WED).
“There are groups of doctors who speak against yoga, Ayurveda, naturopathy and Sanatana.
The marchers included employees from trade unions, bank, telecom, factory and aganwadi employees, and other departments.
Gokulam Kerala coach Gift Raikhan said Gokulam Kerala hopes to take three points from tomorrow's match.
Expressing his determination to work for the needs of the people, Bah Teibor said that as an MDC he does not sleep day and night and if God wills to promote him as MLA in 2023, he will try to bring more jobs. higher.
The shop is known as Patanjali and is owned by SS Agarwal.
Namrhen Ryntih Kudengrim and Pamtbuh SC have become the winners of the Lower Division and Upper Division Football Tournament organized by the Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA).
Because according to their recollections over the years there was a conspiracy to do so.
The CAG office annually reports delays in reporting on expenditure, failure to complete work within the stipulated timeframe and failure to submit expenditure reports ( certificate usage).
“We have forgotten who we are and what as Christians we should do especially as this state is a state with many Christians but this government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma intends to bring back the Casino.
She said that when she has time, she prepares for about 4 hours and before the examination, she prepares for about 5 or 6 hours.
Members of the NSF also staged protests around Kohima and Dimapur on Tuesday to demand the implementation of their demand.
The new cases include EGH: 3, EJH: 2, EKH: 84, NGH: 1; RBD: 9, SWKH: 4, WGH: 1, WJH: 10 and WKH: 16.
Indian Super League (ISL) NorthEast United FC are ready to sign Brazilian forward Ibson Pereira de Melo after he became a free agent to join any club of his choice.
Ltd, because these types of siej are the most suitable for making these types of sma iwbih.
Referring to the allegations of attracting voters by the NPP and AITC through the FOCUS and We Card schemes, he said that on this attempt by the political parties to promise and attract voters, it is their right. but it is also up to the voters to know what is promised and whether they get what is promised and whether these political parties are able to deliver.
Shillong, November 20: The elders of Mawkynrew constituency and some of them from the Congress party today held a meeting to discuss how to shape the Mawkynrew Constituency and by whom. candidates to contest the MDC elections 2014 which will be held next year.
He said that as responsible leaders, we should know when, where and how to move forward. “All this is not for politics, it is not for the sake of dividing people” .
The President of the HYC Mawlai Circle, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that the HYC Mawlai Circle has been informed that the teacher used to beat up Khasi children while he did not beat up non-Khasi children.
They are violent and feel superior to others and others like Arabs or Muslims of Palestine have no right to live.
He said that recently they have seen the UDP's claim that they will lead the government in
It is estimated that the center will serve about 1 lakh patients per year.
Uba Analysis.
Shillong, November 18 : The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday handed over a new truck to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah for the purpose of transporting garbage.
Shillong Lajong FC have been placed in Group D along with Northeast United FC, FC Goa and Downtown Heroes FC of the Durand Cup.
A strong earthquake struck Afghanistan on Saturday, killing 2,000 people, a spokesman said. Taliban.
“Before the VPP, nobody dared to talk about the Reservation Policy because it is too sensitive but we don't dare to talk about the truth and now everyone even those who threaten us talk about it. I'm going to kill you," he said.
Shillong: Leaders of the Central Body of the National Youth Movement (NYM) today went to the Secretariat to protest against the government's decision to provide food aid to the poor. day laborers, shopkeepers, shopkeepers, market vendors, commercial vehicle drivers and others.
On the other hand, Michael Chyrmang President MPUF-EJH, said that our donation to the poor is one of the acts of charity and helping others.
The unveiling of this flag is also part of the celebration of the HNLC's foundation day on 14th July, 1987 and this year 2022 the HNLC has celebrated its 35th Anniversary. completely in opposition to the Government of India.
The names of the shortlisted candidates will be announced on 3rd May followed by a training session by the Foundation on 5th May.
Even those parents who are smart and zealous in the service of God have heard and are deeply concerned about the condition of their children in these days.
The inspection was attended by RBYF leaders, Sengkmie, Umtrai Circle and Umsiang Unit office bearers, including Bah Wanphai Lyngkhring, Bah C. Shadap and others.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that police have registered a case under sections 452/326/392 of the Indian Penal Code. .
If they had shot, what would the Assam police have done? It can be very painful if we think carefully.
According to P. Tetali (Department of the Naoroji Godrej Center for Plant Research), culture has a close relationship with the economy.
In the absence of roads, people had to walk for about 2 hours to cross the river to reach Mawsynram, and longer when carrying luggage.
It cannot be said that their departure from the party will have an impact on the 2023 elections.
Jesus was born into this world like all human beings, he was on earth.
The MDC of the area praised the FKJGP 12 villages for taking this step to help the people in need.
Surprisingly, the KHADC and the Hima still do not have the Village Administration Act and do not have the Local Resident Right.
After visiting different parts of the city, the EM said that he cannot sit idly by in Shillong as there are many places in Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills. “I will set up a program soon in these days to visit other parts of Khasi Hills,” he said. u Bah Latip lang while talking to this reporter.
According to police sources, the vehicle was driven by Jeskalur L Mawdoh, 25 years old and collided with the Chief Minister's vehicle number ML-01-0001 (Accord Honda). police said they are investigating the incident.
The sharing of information with Assam on the best practices in the fight against COVID-19 is another area that has helped Meghalaya.
They have been booked under sections of the IPC and investigation is ongoing, police said.
Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the existence of MNIVCS has made it easier for the residents. Three years ago, they used to open saving accounts or withdraw money to Ranikor or Mawkyrwat. However, now I have not opened in the morning but I have received my passbook and loan.
In the new CAB, only 97% of the voters have exempted Meghalaya, but 3% have not exempted European wards, cantonment boards, police bazars and revenue land which do not fall under the 6th Schedule area. CAB is not complete and this 3% will be destroyed and will lead to foreign exploitation, he said.
The national COVID vaccination program includes recommendations from leading experts in the fields of vaccination, public health, infection control and IT.On assurances based on scientific knowledge and epidemiology, the program focuses specifically on strengthening the healthcare system in the country by protecting healthcare providers and people working in COVID response activities as well as protecting people who are more in risk of infection.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that Dr Donkupar Roy Dkhar, has never violated the agreement because he does not want to bring about trouble in the rule of law. change of government as one of the state's oldest politicians.
I have no doubt that this action of ours has brought not only sorrow and grief, but also the shame of the family, the country and the nation as a whole.
The NPP of 17-North Shillong has said that only Erwin K Syiem Sutnga has applied for the ticket to contest from the party. Gordon Kharchandy, President and Shaphar Rani, Chairman of the NPP 17 North Shillong Constituency Committee, said in a statement.
MeECL today cut off electricity supply to 9 villages in East Jaintia Hills District for 48 hours. The villagers have requested electricity from MeECL within 14 days because they have not paid the electricity bill.
In recent months, it was announced that the US Embassy in Port-au-Prince had been temporarily closed due to shootings and clashes in the city.
He said that the TFC will be headed by the Chief Engineer of PHE.
However, unfortunately, government departments and banks or financial institutions do not accept land titles registered with the KHADC. The decision was taken to meet with the EM of KHADC in charge of Elaka and Revenue Department to clarify why government departments and banks do not accept land titles registered with KHADC. The SKRS has decided to support the Rangbah Shnongs of the border villages and before the Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam they sit and think.
Therefore, the Durbar Shnong of Umran-Niangbyrnai Village informs the public that from now on, those who work with the Village of Umran-Niangbyrnai from Government Offices, NGOs and Together with any private individuals, they will meet and recognize Bah Mark Kharhujon as the Rangbah Shnong.
Noting that the matter will not go to the Court, the Minister said that the Court has ordered that all Government Departments must implement the roster system properly.
On the other hand, the District Magistrate said that this order will not come into force immediately until further notice.
In addition, he began to speak against me.
According to the inspection of the residents, it was found that the site where the JMB plans to develop these land is located near the Dulong College Road, near the Rymphum River which is a tributary of the Myntdu River. be affected or contaminated at any time.
The residents of Moodymmai have alleged that the Dolloi has sold the land which the Shnong Moodymmai has inherited from their ancestors. Dolloy Mascot.
He said that the spread of the ban on cows by false news has been done by people to create racial differences and the BJP will investigate whoever does this because the foundation of the BJP is India belongs to all and the freedom of religion is enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
Heprit Rupari's house is located near the Jio Mobile Tower.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The Press Council of India (PC) will celebrate its 50th Anniversary on 16th November 2016 at a meeting held at Delhi and at the event, awards will also be presented to journalists, photographers or reporters from various newspapers in India.
Br Amalachaitanya of Ramakrishna Math, Udbodhan, who was the chief guest of the programme, urged the students to strive to achieve success through hard work, thinking of others. and confidence.
Chutwakhu won 3-0 against Tpeppale.
“If I win, I will work hard to improve the constituency and I will set aside T.50 lakh for the development of the youth because I want the youth in my constituency to become entrepreneurs. ," he said.
The Agricultural and Farmers Welfare Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in a meeting with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has submitted a letter demanding these seven issues in order to address the problems of the farmers of the state.
The mothers who have become Christians despise the traditional dances, in their minds they don't even allow their children to go to see the traditional dance, or the Weiking and the dances suk Mynsiem, but these are the flesh. The Khasi culture which we should respect and put at the forefront of the Khasi culture.
He said that it is not easy for the government to create jobs in a moment but he suggested that it would be easier for it to fill the vacancies first.
It is to be recalled that tender has been called for this road three times, but due to the lack of funds, no one has applied.
The suspects were arrested by the Magistrates and Police Station.
He said that his visit was not to force or attack but out of ignorance, he came with a pure heart just to perform the prayer at the cremation as he was invited.
Just children's games.
Shillong: As part of the fight against the corona virus in Meghalaya and the world, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has launched the “Meghalaya Prays” to urge the people to The State and the people of India to express their thoughts in prayers for the strength of God to eradicate the corona virus from this world.
The union has ordered the immediate closure of all these shops without proper documents.
Here the pleasant wind blows through their bodies, their eyes turn around and see only the lights.
Even the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh which used to employ hundreds of people, has now collapsed and turned hundreds of people unemployed and the government has not taken action to look after or remove this. the problem.
Regarding this fact, u Bah Kharmuti together with his fellow leaders encouraged the people of the area to stand firm and demand until they get their rights. their.
Through the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme (CM-SMS), this initiative will be supported to reduce the premature mortality rate of mothers giving birth.
The Minister said that a complaint should be lodged with the DC of East Jaintia Hills regarding the issuance of PRC to this foreigner.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Samla said that at present there are only 48 species of Dohthli in the world, but now there will be 49 species of Dohthli. Hi, he was found in a river in Puriang, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Archbishop said that in the past months they have held prayers for world peace and also in a special way for peace in Manipur.
She was immediately taken to Tura Hospital and is still in critical condition.
Shillong, July 12: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai, Iewrynghep on the 11th of this month, has appointed Bah PT Sawkmie MDC, who is also the Vice Chairman of the Ministry of Resources and Employment. The Generation Council has not come to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the road, because it is a road.
In anger, she climbed an 80-foot-high electric pole in Gaurela Pendra Marwahi district of Chhattisgarh.
He has tested positive for Covid-19 twice and has been confirmed positive.
?" asked Riia.
What is happening now in Italy, Spain, the US, China and around the world and in us, we see that God has truly sympathized with the countries and peoples of the world as He did with the ancient Israelites.
The Congress and the Left have criticized the BJP government for varying the price of the injection at a time of strong demand for the injection.
He said the party would urge the government to move forward on the implementation of the Meghalaya Landlord and Tenant Bill.
He said that whatever decision is taken by the two governments should be respected.
Speaking to Mawphor, Mohendro said that he has also met with Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed by the government to look into the document. leaves and the intention to evict the Harijans living in the area.
The judges also said that those who oppose the film are those who have not yet seen it and perhaps when they have the opportunity to see it they will be disappointed.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “I don't know whether it is true or not that they have broken the piglets given by the government, but the pigs given by the government have been broken. you have eartag (your ears)"
This will be Shah's second visit to the state ahead of the General Elections.
The people of Tura have elected not only the MLA but the Chief Minister of Meghalaya,” said Conrad.
The complaint was led by Lukas Khongjee, Semi Khongshei and 30 ration card holders.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, has denied that the RSS has been involved in publishing religiously and ethnically discriminatory news as it has been distributed in Garo Hills these days.
At the same time, the Principal promised to improve the monument to Tirot Singh, which has been erected in the grounds of the school. The Khasi still have that responsibility to protect their own people as Syiem Tirot Singh did.
Nongstoin, July 9: A truck without number plate has collided with a truck on the Nongstoin Bypass in Nongpathar West Khasi Hills District. The truck was parked in the area without anyone coming.
Kriti said that South Indian actresses are more famous than Hina and this actress is nothing in their eyes.
The Home (Political) Department of the Government has sent a letter to various political parties to inform them that the meeting to be held tomorrow has been canceled because the Garo groups want the government. to hold another meeting for them in Garo Hills and not in Shillong.
According to sources, the attack was carried out on the allegation of forced conversion of Adivasis and illegal construction of churches in the parish.
The titles of the articles are, (i) The census of the Khasi and Synteng and (ii) The custom of sharing the income of the father in the Khasi and Synteng lands.
On the other hand, Bah Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the VPP, said that Bah Ardent is in good health and has no shortcomings in any area.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The KSU together with other Sengbhalang who were involved in the ILP protest today night have decided to give 48 hours to the state government to release the President of the ILP. Daniel Khyriem and to drop all the cases filed against the political parties.
“We immediately demand that the state government should resolve the boundary of the second part before it loses the power to resolve it.
His courage and strength as a leader was honored by the Italian government with a silver medal.
In addition, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has also informed about the destruction of the trees planted by the Lapangap Village on the Moopyrdet Pynthor Lapangap Hill.
The other two are that the Government should continue to invest in the company or should shut down the company.
While General Asministration Department T.3,73,88,440, Law Department T.11,79,630, Revenue Budget & Finance Department T.1,03, 96,730, Forest Administration Department T.1,28,67,320, Administration of Justice& Judicial Department T .58,29,690, Legislative Department T.76,26,400, Education Department T.1,77,760, Civil Work & Development Department T.6,98,78,380, Enforcement Scheme for Protection of Tribal Land & Interest T.71,44,110.
Mairang, July 28: As part of the celebration of International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, the office of the Integrated Child Development Services Project Officer, Mairang, in collaboration with the Eastern West Police Department Khasi Hills District, Mairang, on 26th July 2023, held a public awareness program on this issue at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang. Deputy Superintendent of Police, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah P Suchiang, Bah D Nongpluh, CDPO of Mairang ICDS Project, Kong B. Rynjah, Vice Principal of St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang, Sister Cecilia Kujur, Inspector of Police, Bah S. Kharjana, teachers and about 250 students of the area.
However, the District Council cannot delegate these issues to the Dorbar Shnongs without first amending the Sixth Schedule.
Regarding Dr. Mukul's statement that the issues mentioned above should be resolved properly, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that there has been a meeting between the “It was after we received the approval of the meeting that the KHADC decided to convene a special session to pass the VAB, the Village Administration Bill, 2015,” he said.
The office will be built at Lummawsing with the donation of the Mawtawar Dorbar Shnong on an area of ​​about 3 acres.
It is learned that this lehñiam was held to encourage the children of Raij Mynsoo to go down to the fields to harvest the best rice.
When the rice is harvested, it is usually necessary to keep it at home for a long time, to store the seeds or to prevent it from being sold during the ripening season.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Muliang Circle, West Khasi Hills District, has confirmed a new office.
Finally, as the leader of the party, he requested the government to listen to the demand of the party, which is one of the development projects and to ensure that these villages fall under Meghalaya.
They have voters who support the candidates,” said Hek.
Shillong, July 18: Shillong, July 18: The floods on Saturday were heavy due to heavy rainfall, which reached 137.8 millimeters in Shillong.
After the speech of the chief guest, the program was conducted by Ma RE Laloo, in which the residents took part in various programs such as singing competition, general quiz and others.
In a statement, the CSWO on Friday visited the office of the Food and Drugs Testing Laboratories, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at Pasteur Institute Shillong to send for testing. Maggi Noodles, which is a popular food among children in the state, after the company that manufactured it, has been criticized by the government for finding that the food is not good.
The District Medical and Health Officer and his office staff explained more about this.
The workshop was attended by members of SMCs, Sengbhalang, teachers and others.
The owners and drivers of vehicles also expressed their fear of the increase in the price of vehicle license plates from time to time, as well as the penalty of T.50 per day if they do not pay within the stipulated time.
Class 7 laps honors subject.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has sent its condolences on the passing away of one of the veteran journalists of the state, Suraj Joshi.
Vice President: Yodahunki Shylla 4.
Eid Mubarak was celebrated throughout the state according to their beliefs.
Through this IVCS, a shop has been opened at Mukhla Nongrim at a cost of 50,000 tyngka.
He said that earlier, getting permission to do any work from the Forest Department took a long time because it had to be done by the central government from all sides.
In 1993-94, during his tenure as Director of Elementary and Mass Education, Tourist Mark called for the schools to be handed over to the government.
The Israeli army said Hamas fired more than 3,000 rockets and its members entered from western Israel to attack residents.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has proceeded to separate the Judiciary from the Executive and so far it has been separated in seven districts.
Golden Rani, Assistant Director, Border Area Development, urged those who will take part in this training to take responsibility for the job so that they can become employers of others.
The petition also stated that as the market of Ri Khasi is only Ïewduh, to help the farmers, there is a need for a market in Ri Bhoi where the farmers can set the price of their products. At present, the farmers cannot set the price of their products.
Jayshree scored nine fours while Shillong CA scored 227/5 after SCA won the toss and elected to bat first. in 29 overs at a run-rate of
Shillong: The residents of Lower Mawpud village in South West Khasi Hills District, today, 16th November 2023, expressed their concern regarding the lack of drinking water. inside the village, because the water has not yet reached the houses and they have to fetch water from the river and it is farther away from the village.
“When you arrest publicly to defame the members of the party and to disgrace the nation, you should do the same by releasing the names of these foreigners who took the life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta.
Shillong, March 30: The Senior Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Bindo Lanong on Tuesday said that the campaign of the Congress leaders in the state to win the 2018 elections will be the same as the campaign of Tarun Gogoi in Assam. “Before the elections in Assam, Gogoi had said that the Congress would win but the response of the people was strong,” he said. Bindo said that here in Meghalaya too, the Congress's speech will happen exactly like Gogoi's when they will give an answer.
He also informed that the government will look for ways to prevent the illegal entry of foreign authorities.
When inquired from various government departments such as the State Pollution Control Board, the Forest Department, the Directorate of Mineral Resources and even the Khasi Hills District Council, they did not know who gave the permission to the stone traders.
“Our MLA goes to the constituency once every five years and I don't agree with this and at the right time the people don't see the syrngiew of the MLA. “There is no trust between the leaders and I myself have been shown that they have cheated on me,” said Anthony.
He said that if local taxis are banned, people should also be banned from entering Motphran and Khyndailad.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the summons of the HNLC leaders was not done by the State Government but is part of the working of the court and has nothing to do with it. and the Government.
The Hills State will come and no one can stop it. They also showed how the Riewlum have helped the people of Asom in exile. so much and we have to trust each other.
After examination, 278.03 grams of heroin were found.
The last goal of the game came after Ksankupar gave a freekick with the thought that his teammates would help by heading, but it happened that his shot was so strong that Haokip scored. who was guarding the net did not do anything when the ball passed him into the net.
Vehicles coming from Khimmusniang and Jrisalein areas should pass through Chutwakhu Road.
Seven villages who rely on the Amdap well in the past few months have suffered from water shortage due to the rainfall. live in this country.
Prestone said that these people who will receive the T2100 tyngka assistance are those who are not registered with the government, those who do not receive poor foodgrains and those who do not receive any assistance. whether from central government or state schemes.
The visit ended with a short prayer for Rupari and his family.
“It is the efforts and responsibility of the church leaders including pastors and elders that the church has reached this goal, thank God for this,” he said.
The opening ceremony of the training program was also concluded with the launch of the Handbook on Natural Farming, Volume
The Khasai seed will be lost and the foreign seed will be paid to the Khasai Khara.
“As it is now, the department will look into this and if there is no more spread it will be better but if it continues to spread we will look for other ways,” he added.
He said that however, this situation has changed and it is necessary to spread peace beyond the border of Meghalaya.
Unfortunately, even his family did not have the opportunity to worship like others.
Many children came to take part in this day.
Other office bearers of RSS Khasi Hills including Bah Mani Mawpat, Zonal Secretary of RSS Shillong were also present.
The Chief Justice will be accompanied by Law Minister James PK Sangma and two judges of the Meghalaya High Court, HS Thangkhiew and W Diengdoh.
The blood donation was distributed to Mawkyrnot on the 22nd of this month on the occasion of the International Day for Biological Diversity in Mumbai.
He said it was when Rahul jumped into the river and drowned that Heibormi, seeing the incident, went to help his friend.
“With their hard work on the ground, I am confident that this time we will be able to bring about change.
Roykupar Synrem, Secretary, CoMSO said that they have arranged to burn candles at all district headquarters on the 21st to demand the implementation of the ILP and also to demand the Governor to sign the MRSSA (Amendment Bill)
He said that sports teach us about victory and defeat which is part of life.
He said that during the rule of the Congress Government, the work of including the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule has gone smoothly, but the BJP Government has not believed in this demand of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The Committee today also discussed the delay in the investigation into the rape of a child in Jirang Ri Bhoi District.
This was indeed a great miracle for the children of Israel in Egypt, and to this day God still does such miracles.
In the fighting, which lasted about 20 minutes, one GNLA member was killed and another was arrested.
Nongpoh, Lber 19: The residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem area of ​​Ri Bhoi District have faced difficulties in traveling due to the construction of a new road. from Bhoirymbong to Khyndewso and from Nongthymmai to Mawseiñ.
She said that this celebration is also part of the memory of the former office bearers who have been the pioneers and the presence of the Samla Shnong has been a blessing to the Shnong through their work. of them to destroy all kinds of evil.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the residents of the area, visitors, drivers, shopkeepers, school children and all to take part in the cleanliness of the environment so that the benefits it shall come upon us that dwell here, and upon our inheritance.
The clashes between the residents of Khanduli and the Karbi from neighboring villages started in June this year after the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) forcibly installed the toll gate. of Candlestick.
Pariat said they have demanded 10 percent from the state government and 90 percent from the central government.
He said that until now, the Chief Minister has only promised in words because the State Government has not yet approved the Meghalaya Non-Government Deficit Schools and Teachers Employees Rule
In a statement, the MPs said that the bill will bring serious harm to the North East and said that the true meaning of the bill has been hidden. the basis of the Constitution of India.
However, the Sylhet Collectors who came after Lindsay did not have a close relationship with the Jaintia Syiems and the main reason was the chokey of the Jaintia Syiem near the Surma River to collect taxes from cargo ships. They were sent to the Hima Jaintia.
To write clearly on the sign in front of the trucks 'Transportation of Coal' for the convenience of those at the check points.
Shillong: The BJP in a statement today said that it has not sought permission from the state government to send an inquiry to the CBI into the misuse of funds in the District Councils. The BJP said that the state government is not the authority to govern the District Councils and said that the state government should understand its own authority.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Youth President of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) encouraged the newly elected office bearers to work hard to implement the government. sima especially to strengthen the party through the youth in terms of electing the leader for the year 2023 they should work with knowledge and understanding in all areas so that there will be no problems. look eye or be reprimanded.
He said that the elections in West Bengal in 2021 may not be due to the elections or because there are groups who want to shake this part of the country. which is related to the Bengali people so that they can benefit in the upcoming elections.
We see that even in the midst of this time of declining income and low income, the government is increasingly oppressing the people by increasing taxes on goods.
The Khasi-Jaintia Federated National Conference (KNDC) is a group that wants the Sixth Schedule and under the leadership of Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who is also a Member of the Constituent Assembly from Assam, the Khasi States have been upgraded to the Sixth Schedule. The Sixth Schedule is also against the decision of the Khasi States Constitution Making Durbar held from April to July
She also spoke about the students who have passed, which she said that there are two types, those who have passed matriculation are still under the supervision of the school, while those who have passed class 12 have received the free will to achieve their dreams and dreams, what they want to be in their lives.
The disease has claimed the lives of 50 people in Assam.
Father Manbha Pakem, Director Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in his speech said that although JHDS is an executive department of the Catholic Church, it reaches out to help all those who need assistance according to its capacity.
And the time of the beginning of those times was until the rebuilding of the Fourth Temple in Jerusalem.
The Pnar Thor Western Presbytery will include Cachar Northern District, Karimganj Tripura District and Hailakandi Northern District.
“We have joined the Movement of Dr. Dutta to plant trees that can absorb carbon dioxide and restore clean air.
Rivers are the lifeblood of Assam and the wealth of Assam.
Two cases have been reported in Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills and one in South Garo Hills.
“He said that after the police had investigated the husband, he (the husband) took a blue jacket from a borni and gave it to the police.
Vehicles should not exceed a speed of 5km per hour.
Jowai, June 19 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday visited Jowai to explain to the public about the reservation policy of the government which is unfair compared to the Garo and Garo communities. ki Khasi which has been implemented for 50 years.
The Minister also inspected the newly constructed road at Rangmal Badim and Chidekgre villages and distributed M-Tab to the students of Williamnagar through the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid. He also handed over cinnamon seedlings to the farmers of East Garo Hills District as part of the Spice Mission which aims to empower the farmers.
Speaking in Shillong, Bandaru Dattatreya said the state government has collected up to T.80 crore to provide assistance to the workers, but out of this, it has spent only T.90 lakh.
Police have recovered the body of a man named Pynkhreh Surong from Mynsngat village, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
In another accident, a two wheeler (ML05 J8849) collided with a truck (AS01 DD 9728) which was coming from Shillong. .
The program is scheduled to be held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall in Mawkhar.
Samla Lapynshai Syiemlieh also won the bronze medal in the 23 years old category in the 48 kg category.
Daniel called him “the King”.
On the other hand, WKSU leader D.Sun has raised the issue of MeECL and the government.
Shillong, July 26: It is learned that the election officials, who went to the rural areas to register their voters, have also forced the people to have their Aadhar number; otherwise they will lose all benefits or schemes and are entitled to government as well as other benefits.
The organizers of any festivals and programs shall comply with the order of the Supreme Court issued on 18/7/2 and others have prohibited the use of sound equipment and the playing of music.
Thakur said that in the past three years, after the currency devaluation in 2016, the money supply in the market has increased significantly. 2016, which has depleted all funds, the increase in cash flow was T.22,356.48 billion as on 2nd November 2019 and this is an increase from T.17,741.87 billion as on 4th November
In this regard, the union urges the MeECL to immediately provide electricity in Mukhla village especially in Mission and Wah Lama as this is the examination time of the students.
Furthermore, in connection with this incident.
On the same day, KSU Jowai Unit President Samla Ewanmi Phawa and Leki Richard Tyngkan General Secretary also met with Dr. E Chullet. This meeting of the union has informed the relevant authorities that as the leaders of the union they cannot just listen to the complaints of the patients.
It happened in Assam, Goa, Manipur and Karnataka.
Shillong, March 11: Tomorrow is the opening day of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Dorbar. The session will last for two days. The Executive Committee was appointed by the MDC of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
However, the president does not speak English well and speaks Hindi.
It was witnessed that after the crowd started to throw petrol bombs at the police at Barik Point who were standing on guard, “immediately it started to riew beit daiñ” and the police also opened fire to disperse them. groups of well-dressed people who turned to Barik Point where the police were standing guard.
Hilaly's remarks come as a revelation of the fact that Pakistan has hidden that there were no casualties in the Indian attack.
The Prime Minister should be grateful to those people who have made him Syiem and expected him to promise them that they will not be betrayed as other leaders have done in previous years.
The market where the people from the North East used to buy and sell their produce has been closed since the outbreak of Covid 19 but with this reopening it will be able to die and thied again in this market.
AIS SujaIf they (the people) don't listen, the stones will burn.
Nongstoin, Naitung 28: After the news that the CEM of KHADC has approved the approval of the Nongstoin-Rangblang-Umdohlun-Wahkaji road, many protesters and opponents of the road have been arrested. Nongstoin Police Station has received a tip this afternoon at 2:20 PM after the decision was announced publicly through the media. The main gate of the District Council Nongstoin Branch office has been locked by some unidentified persons.
Skhenpyrsit and Emergency United players who scored together before the start of the match.
Therefore, regarding the protest against the construction of the road from the wrong place, these prominent leaders of the Garo and Khasi community also demanded from the state government and the PWD department. They also requested that they should run this road through the area through which these villages will pass, so that it will be convenient for the residents of these villages which have dozens of villages.
He alleged that many government schemes have been suspended after the BJP government came to power. He said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been promising the people and misleading them.
We the people who have to use that road find that it is not enough.
The Minister said that up to 280 permits have been issued to cow traders to import cows into the state.
“All 57 students who returned from China have completed the 28-day quarantine, and only 17 students are still under the supervision of the Meghalaya government,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: Speaking at the launch of the garbage trucks in Bhoirymbong on Friday, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has a priority goal to bring about a clean garbage truck. to make it one of the cleanest states.
The HYC said that Meghalaya has already legalized other illegal activities such as lottery, teer and other games of chance through the Meghalaya Regulation. Therefore, if the law is passed, it will affect the society as a whole.
This work will save us and you in the future.
The word bam tyngka is a very difficult and harsh word in the ears of the listeners.
Speaking to media, Congress General Secretary KC Venugopal said, “On the decision taken by the party MLAs and the report from the chairman and general secretary, the president of the party Congress has appointed Revanth Reddy as the leader of the Congress MLAs in Telangana.
A clear answer to the violence and insult of the Prime Minister to the people of the Hima will be revealed in the elections next year,” he said.
“I wonder why the leaders of our district are not willing to cooperate with this DC. If they refuse to cooperate with such DCs who are close to the people, it is their insult to the people. " he said.
The Minister congratulated the first group of beneficiaries and said that this is only the beginning of the journey but in the next three years more opportunities will be opened for others to come forward and start. self-consciousness.
At the same time, he called on the teachers not to come forward to strike, as the government will make arrangements to pay before 31st October 2022 and it will be discussed in the Budget Session starting from 4th October until October 17, 2022.
Armed men, armed with rifles, walk along the highways of South Africa and protect against violence, looting and destruction of shops and houses in the country. , which has killed up to 75 people, in these days.
From the lowest jobs to the highest jobs, we see that many jobs are going on but when we look or investigate carefully, there is something missing that affects us the public or the poor. happy and colorful and sweet.
"Luckily there was no-one left in the store," she said.
The HYC also urged Kimfa to take a decision to terminate the Indo-Nepal Treaty so that Nepalis will lose their right to become Indian citizens if they come to Meghalaya.
“Therefore, we will request the Court to ensure that there will be no discrimination against commercial vehicles,” he said.
“However, the Assam government has tried to take advantage of this,” the newspaper said.
The teacher, after understanding the evil intention of the driver, when she reached near the Byrnihat Police Outpost, she called for help from the people who were at the scene and at the same time. The teacher was injured when she fell from the auto.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah T.Marweñ said that the increase in theft of cows, goats, cows and others may be due to the increasing number of fishing competitions with khalai. odds.
“We have seen the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016, the amendment to the Ordinance has not come into force, the Facilitation Centers have not come into force, we don't know the MRSSA. “As an MLA, I feel that the state government should convene a meeting to discuss this,” she said.
He said that in many constituencies the HSPDP is still trying to strengthen its party. “It is not easy for us to work as leaders in the whole state especially after the defeat in many constituencies. I don't want to say anything now how many MLAs we will get in 2018 as you asked but I will say to you that we may be more than we are" he said again.
Earlier, Wantre's goal was scored by Mediphrang Pohleng in the 65th minute.
In this case, too, it took a long time to get permission from the Forest Department which took a long time and especially from the Cantonment Board which took a long time to get permission.
O Hynniew-Trep people, surprise people now to stop this invasion and attack of the Garo on the Hynniew-Trep land and our people.
The order was issued to the DCs of Bongaigaon, Kamrup (M), Morigaon, Sonitpur and Tinsukia, as well as to the Principal Secretary of BTC, which has four districts including Kokrajhar, Chirang and Baksa. and Udalguri.
Along with him, another youth was killed when a government bullet went through his house and stabbed him.
After leaving the Academic Council meeting, the JAC held a meeting to discuss the illegal activities committed by the VC. Shillong, March 31 : The State Government will soon appoint more than 1,500 Statutory Officers, University Engineer and Director of CDC. vacancies within the Police Department.
In terms of bowling, Apandanka Marak and Gau Rav Jyoti Thakuria are among the top 10 wicket-takers in the tournament.
He also acknowledged that the policy is easy to understand and the collaboration with some colleges and universities will have an impact.
However, I am happy that I have been able to manage it during these six months and we have started moving in the right direction,” he said.
Relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are requested to immediately inform the phone number 8257857901 for the recovery of the body.
They also said that the Raid Demoreah was supervised by the 12 Bongthai under the supervision of the Hima Mylliem in terms of khadar administration and to talk about this there are many issues that have to be addressed. It is based on a true story and cannot be verified through documents.
Perhaps this time is right for them.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, BJP leader Bah AL Hek said, “We have a target of winning at least 15 seats”.
In East Khasi Hills, 50 cases include 1 case from Armed Forces, 18 cases from High Risk, 1 case from SARI, 9 cases from Home Guard, 6 cases from Jaiaw Cluster, 1 case from Laban Cluster and 5 cases from Madanryting Cluster. , one from Mawlai Mawdatbaki Cluster, one from Mawroh Cluster, one from Mawlai Motsiar, one from Mawlai Nongpdeng Cluster, one from Mawprem Cluster, 3 policemen and one from Rilbong Cluster.
The protest was held against the Indian government's plan to implement the Citizen Amendment Act (CAA) and introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: A 16-year-old schoolgirl has become pregnant and is about to give birth to a baby in her womb, after her husband raped her. it is until it is armed syndon.
Shillong, March 07: BSF troops patrolling the border with Meghalaya on Thursday seized drugs and clothes worth more than T.17 lakh while robbers were trying to smuggle them. -Law in Bangladesh.
Nongrim Hills SC have failed to reach the final of the tournament after beating Sawmer SC 3-1 in the fifth pre quarter of the tournament. The meeting was held on Saturday at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
He said that the appointment of the Vice Chancellor of the university has reached the final stage.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, in the presence of the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka, Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai, was the chief guest. Former Chief Minister of Mylliem Hima, Bah CB Syiem, Chairman of Nongpoh Town, Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of KSU, North Khasi Hills District and others.
Shillong, Naitung : The Meghalaya Youth Tourism Development Society (MYTDS) has announced that it will hold the Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 pageant on the 09th November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
On this issue, the KSU Mawkajem, has held a meeting on 26th June 2014 and decided that from now on, if vehicles are found parked on these roadsides and acting improperly, the KSU will take action against them. people and vehicles.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Bah Adelbert Nongrum has slammed the Sengbhalang and Armed Party leaders who have been allowed to enter the Secretariat but have forgotten their own. the date and its own room.
Of course, they have learned all the knowledge through their theories, but when they have worked in practice, they are more stupid.
The lack of oxygen at Batra Hospital in Delhi has killed 12 patients today, including Dr RK Himthani, doctor of Batra Hospital. who is the head of the department of gastroenterology.
On the other hand, Dr. Evarist Myrsing, the BJP candidate, has expressed many of his views on the development of Mawhati Constituency and Referring to the tourism sector, he is one of the candidates who also spoke on the tourism sector that Mawhati Constituency has many famous tourist attractions which have been abandoned without anything being done. The government has ended up in the history of Mawhati.
Shillong: The MLA of Thangthring Constituency, West Jaintia Hills District, has honored Ma Nujorki Sungoh, MLA of 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, last month.
The gang has set up factories, first in Aurangabad and later in Pune and Nashik, to facilitate the smuggling of drugs. which is known as Ecstasy.
She said that it is urgent to have a proper and well prepared Response System and to assign duties to each member of the response team, a full and orderly working method and the to have leaders to give instructions and to manage the work.
According to him, this provision of the Reservation Policy has been mismanaged many times which has been seen as not only an injustice to the Khasi and Jaintia people but a violation of the policy itself.
The complaint was filed on 13 October
The award ceremony was held on 4th November at Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat at a function chaired by JSM General Secretary R Dkhar.
The Court has dismissed the Public Litigation Interest (PIL) after a letter of appeal was sent by the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to the Chief Justice on 8th November,
He said that the UN can no longer look at or control only in any direction because in the past, it has been filled with conflicts and civil wars.
Therefore, if Lum Shyllong or Dwar of Lum Shyllong is modified, it means that its sanctity has been lost and if it is modified by human power, it will be destroyed. in Laitkylla and the injured were cut off and lost their power.
“When there is corruption, you send the Enforcement Directorate, the Crime Investigation Department and the CBI and everyone goes after them, why don't they go against the NPP government, why don't they go after the Prime Minister,” he said. to Sharma.
“The complaint lodged against him at Sarojini Nagar police station is under Sections 269 of the IPC. , 270 (malignant act likely to spread life-threatening disease), 188 (disobedience) to order duly promulgated by public servant).
However, there were other critics, particularly the photographs of sick people and criticized them as “images of beggars and homeless refugees that can be found at railway stations in the countryside ".12.
She thought, “Why is my mother so long?
The JHTOA has decided not to allow any trucks to transport cement or clinker from the factories until it receives the demand.
The remarks from the ruling party of the Meghalaya Government came at a time when the border dispute between the Assam and Meghalaya Governments was still intense.
“We are sure that what the Governor has received is only one side of the government, but he will find out the truth by meeting with the opposition,” he said.
When asked about the places where the officers have visited, he said that they have already visited only a few places, such as Khyndailad, Motphran and IGP. “It's a step to inspect with us which places are too crowded, and to relocate them to other places, but not to remove them immediately,” he added.
Samehi Laloo, President Rotary Club Jowai, as a sign of mutual respect among the Rotarians, took part in the singing of the National Anthem of India and Bangladesh.
In the 12th minute, Alex Lima headed the ball into the net and reached the feet of Naorem Singh.
The investigating police have filed a chargesheet on March 10, 2015 under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code,
Taking part in the meeting, Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla said that as soon as they reached Mawlong market, the farmers were like those shalynnai who were caught in the ground and could not Once they reached the market, it was like breaking their produce because they had to sell it and it was difficult for them to carry their produce home when they reached the market. The farmers have become like those shalynnai who have fallen into the Spirit, instead of asking for prices, the buyers have to offer, the sellers have to offer, it is a lost market once brought to the market, they have to sell while the buyers come to ask. bah H.S Shylla.
He said that the PMAY (U) scheme in Nongpoh has been successful and those households will benefit from the hard work of the Urban Affairs Department of the State Government. The Government of Meghalaya has implemented a special program to provide housing to the homeless as targeted by the Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs, the Central Government.
As the holiday season approaches, this mix, provided and prepared, will be the body and soul of the perfect cake, which will become the season of joy and so much more.
Tura: Three suspected robbers have been arrested by the residents of Chanangpara village under Phulbari PS this morning.
In fact, the incident that occurred in the Dorbar Hima on 19th October was due to the lack of leadership of the Dorbar by the Acting Sordar.
Bah Paul said that the influx of foreigners has put a threat to the nation, because compared to other nations it is high paid.
Them Ïew Mawlong is an issue that has been protested by the indigenous people to leave Them Ïew Mawlong since the 1970s. robbers, criminals and people who disrupt the movement, trade and income of many churches especially the Khasi people who are attacked from time to time.
He recalled that the government had already promised to increase the deficit of these schools at the Teachers Conference held at Asanang, Tura and West Garo Hills in 2018, but so far no sign has been seen. that the government should take action on these issues of the teachers.
Assistant Secretary: Precios Pale 6.
Therefore, the STDS requests all the visitors from near and far to be supportive and cooperate in this arrangement so that the public work will be a success.
Oksana said that her son was named Tengku Ismail Leon Petra and Tengku Muhammad and Faris Petra.
The signature of PM Sangma.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The State Coal Committee (SCCCOM DF) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma. In her meeting, she complained that although the full counting of coal has not been completed in West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills, the counting of coal in the coal mines has not been completed. , should be allowed to be sold without further delay.
Toi, in fact, it is no longer appropriate to reopen now, but it has been fought hard to do so according to the appointment reports in the past few days because of the government led by the Prime Minister. that's the area.
He was accompanied by the MLA of the area who is also the Minister in charge of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang and officials of the PHE department.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the border talks between the Assam government and the state government will have to be suspended as there is still a constituency division in Assam.
So far, the total number of cases in the state has risen to 1272, 885 cases in East Khasi Hills, 70 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 44 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 15 cases in East Garo Hills District, 71 cases in East Garo Hills District, 158 cases in West Garo Hills District, 11 cases in South Garo Hills District, 13 cases in North Garo Hills District and after.
Generous Warlarpih said that the DC has promised to take responsibility to meet with the group and the government authorities.
At the same time, he said that the post of Chief Minister or Symbud Myntri Rangbah will be his if he wins again from the Congress as all the senior MLAs including Bah DD Lapang, Dr RC Laloo have decided to retire from politics.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan was the chief guest.
Shillong, March 21 : U Bah Bantridor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, today expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the wrestlers of the state who have won medals at the World Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey.
They also said that the dorbar has banned the use of the word “nongwei” because it causes differences among the people of the village.
In a statement, the President of the BJP, Bah J Lakhiat, strongly condemned the incident and supported the BJP Youth Wing of Ri-Bhoi District for taking the initiative to demand from the PWD department. to explain within 6 days on the sudden collapse of the bridge.
The Lord Jesus came to OBEY His FATHER. It was that obedience that led Him to ascend the Cross.
The United Nations Population Fund said North Korea's birth rate in 2023 will be 1.79 percent, down from 1.88 percent in .
The tie-breaker was held in which TEYC scored 4 to 3 and TEYC won the title. The Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society Shillong said: Special thanks and appreciation to the Office of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya for being quick to allow and provide the JNSC Polo Ground Shillong for the holding of this programme.
I would also like to convey this to the leaders like Bah Ollan Singh Suin MLA from the UDP and Bah Alvin K. Sawkmie MDC from the NPP through Mawsynram. Constituency to take action by finding ways and means how to address the problems of the people of the Constituency by bringing support according to the needs through the authorities of the Government and to address the Political Party (Ideology) by standing up and working. “Without Party on Democracy” as part of the need to raise awareness among the people who are elected to the Assembly or District Councils. same.
It is learned that the family members of David did not agree with the words used by the government lawyer to find the real robbers because he alleged that the family members knew that Jepson T Sangma from Mrigre village was the robber. involved in this work.
“Many petrol pumps have been affected by these reports, but this is only an allegation that petrol pumps are clean water in fact, it is only because there is 10% ethanol and because the The state is heavy rainfall and there may be water infiltration into the oil fields,” he added.
Meanwhile, at the Shad Sajer, which was held at the Raid Nonglyngdoh Hall in Mawjong, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh was the chief guest and Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF was the chief guest. and the sons of a thousand Raid.
The decision was taken at a meeting between the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM), the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF), the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization (HWW&DO) and the All Hynniewtrep People United Front. (AHPUF).
In an order issued by the District Magistrate, the District Magistrate has ordered that all shops in Shillong should not open more than 10 pm and it is prohibited to drink alcohol or any intoxicating liquor and to do illegal activities. law inside the car.
When asked about the security measures, he said, “It is this measure, which has upset many people of Gujarat.
However, he did not say whether the Co-ordination Committee will be part of the party to end the conflict.
However, Samaro managed to turn the tide through Dunsill Chyrmang in the 18th minute, Fourki Dkhar in the 52nd minute and Deibor Bareh in the 60th minute.
Halen Nongtdu has been interested in football since he was 6 years old.
About the author: Bhogtoram Mawroh is a Senior Associate, Research and Knowledge Management at NESFAS.
We as the youths who are responsible for these areas strongly request and suggest to the PWD road construction department to install or build speed breakers in the places where the people need to jam to. Build roads and roads like you built in Smit, build also in Mawlyngngad, Sohryngkham (Neng), roads to enter Sohryngkham, Sohryngkham, Mawlyndep, Pommura, Mawryngkneng etc. protect the souls of the people who live in these areas.
After a thorough investigation, police found that it was a toy gun.
In the past, there was no need for such a census of the land or forests because they were rich and scarce, but now it is no longer so. in our country from all over it is widespread.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that when the people elect a leader, they should elect the party and not the individual candidates.
Drug traffickers are not only young people, even women and the elderly are involved in this but what have the police done about it, he said.
“There is no rule for them to return to the party but they have decided to work with the government. The BJP party doesn't want to accept that, if they withdraw their support we don't have anything to do with them”.
He asked the shopkeepers, “Do you have any bih khla?” but most of them said they had only bih khnai.
All these victims of poverty happen because those who have been elected are the rich, the rich who do not understand what poverty means.
“Our people have been living in this area for about 200 years since the Khasi people have not been able to come to Shillong,” he said.
If only a few had seen it, people might not have believed, but God had done many miracles so that people would know and believe that Jesus who had died had risen from the dead.
There is also a struggle in all the nations of the world.
On the other hand, the president of HANM, HANM, said that according to the meeting scheduled for 7 days, if the BSF does not stop the attack, the HANM will seize 60 vehicles. they will fall into these incidents of violence and that something may happen if it is not controlled.
He said that the NPP has strong leaders at the polling stations who have worked hard for this election and that is why they are confident of winning this election.
The MPUF has demanded from the district administration of East Jaintia Hills and the government to provide security at the center so that it will be safe for the employees of the centre.
Wives ought to respect their husbands as the Lord.
If more meetings and cultural programs can be held, it will help the residents of the border areas to discuss any issues,” said DC West Karbi Anglong.
"According to a letter sent by the Sports Department to the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and outside the National Sports Federation (NSF), only athletes who cannot be included in the fifth schedule can participate. at the Asian Games.
For more information, please contact Mr. Dister M. Marbaniang, President, Mr. Aaron Diengdoh, Mr. Aaron Diengdoh, Mr. General Secretary and Mrs. Jerinda Kharchandy, Women's Affairs Officer at before June 5, 2019.
Ferlin CA Sangma also filed her nomination papers as the NPP candidate for the mid-term elections.
He said that he is still waiting for a reply from Rona Khymdeit MDC Nongpoh while he has not sent a reply from Bah HS Shylla because he has already made it clear that he is not a member of the PDF. Speaking to reporters, UDP MDC leader Teinwell Dkhar said that the UDP party leaders have ignored the MDCs of the party on the decision to withdraw from the PDF. “The letter of withdrawal was sent by the General Secretary of the party Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and not by the PP leader.
The main purpose of this meeting was to provide more information on the operations of the Bank in terms of financial services as well as other benefits that the public can receive and also in any The CSC in Nongtalang is run by Bah Thomlin Nongpoh, VLE, ​​and those who wish to receive assistance from the Rainbow CSC. Center can contact him at his office at Nongtalang Mission.
“I have participated 13 times in the MLA elections and that is why I say that Prof Rakesh Sinha MP Rajya Sabha MP can still be trusted to build roads in this area. MP although he is from another state but he is still visiting this area and trying his best to bring about development works,” said one of the elders of Mawmang.
He said the 13 parties need to get clarity on the details of these two committees appointed by the government.
He said that in the past, thousands of tourists used to visit the area every day, but now due to the closure of the dam, the residents have no way to earn a living.
Students should love their teachers as well as their parents. When you grow up, the LORD will give you wisdom if you seek it.
The truck bearing the number plate AS 19 C 3938, the front door of the truck was broken and police have stopped it near the police station. the CRPF in Mawlai.
He said that the union has also received complaints from the village leaders of Marwet area regarding the violence of some Garo Rangbah Shnongs, and it has been found that some Garo Rangbah Shnongs are involved in the sale. The Rangbah Shnong Seal has been misused by the Rangbah Shnong Seal which has also led to the loss of many land plots in the area.
On 19th October, he called for the fight against coronavirus and support for the janta curfew on 22nd October 2020, while on 24th October 2020, he called for a curfew. 21 days, which should end tomorrow.
In fact, the Dieng Bilat is the same tree as the Kseh Bilat.
“The purpose of Behdeiñkham is to celebrate the blessings of the Creator through nature,” said the Dolloi. rejoice and be glad in the hope of the best in this year throughout the year.
He said that a case has been registered against them and they have been prosecuted according to the rules of law.
But there are cases where it can be the other way around because women feel masculine and men feel feminine.
The Education Secretary of the union, Samla L.Khar-dewsaw, recalled that the ITI has been providing services for many years in the district, but it has been serving the youth by using the building until now. mine
At the meeting held on 11th November 2019, the party has agreed to amend the Sixth Scheduled Para 12A.
The MLA, who is also part of the state government, said that if the bill is passed, the nation will disappear. they had to flee into the forest and other tribes were overwhelmed.
Shillong: Batsrang Sangma and Darisha Iangjuh have become the winners and runners-up in the men's and women's 10K races held on Saturday in Shillong. Olympic Day.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to maintain peace and order in the villages, Wahthabroo Village Council has installed CCTV cameras in the village inaugurated by Bah Ransom Sutnga.
Shillong: The State Government today sent a statement that it has released Rs 53 crore for the financial year 2020-21 to the DCs of all districts of the state to pay. All the benefits that ASHAs should have received have been suspended since the previous year.
We also hope that Singh will win in Mawshynrut”.
Shillong: The ability of the police to crack down on a group of drug dealers near the Law Mali Cemetery has received praise from many residents of the area.
Regarding the statement of Bah D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin that he accepts the road and is against Uranium, the party said that it has no meaning at all because the MLA has not investigated properly and his support. he the road obviously supports even uranium mining.
“Heaven is yours if you have a goal,” he said.
However, in today’s Digital world, it is impossible to hide the good or the bad.
More than forty years ago we heard an empty voice saying “acche din” or good days have come, but all this has changed completely.
In the past, the activities of the Seng Khasi have not been successful but have stagnated in some parts of Khasi-Jaintia Hills despite being strong in their own homes in the midst of various trials to destroy the faith. own rider.
He also alleged that this action of Bah Ardent shows that he is ignorant of the law and does not respect the customs and traditions which have been enforced by the District Council since ancient times.
Therefore let us be righteous in prayer without ceasing.
So they went out by the command of the angels.
The Mizoram Students Union (MSU) has already warned all political parties not to give tickets to any candidate who has married a non-Mizo ethnic group. The Seng confirms that such mothers should not be elected as representatives.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The forests in the West Khasi Hills have been destroyed by dozens of heavy trucks carrying rnga.
Chef Lambhah Kma said that our traditional foods are already full of nutrients, all that remains is to improve these foods.
Pala said it is also necessary to expand Regional and District Councils in the rural states of North East India and to give special allocation to women.
He said that the destruction of the environment has been extreme and this has been witnessed by many of the rivers, streams and rivers but now many of these streams and rivers have disappeared. the time will come when people will not even have water to drink.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar encouraged the parents of children with disabilities. They should not have a spirit of sorrow but as they give love to their children, they should also give the same love so that they too may have a spirit of sorrow in the future. I will come.
Police have registered a case under C/No 31(5)24 u/s 3(b)/4 and POCSO Act.
At the same time, the speakers urged the people to protest on the streets and not to commit illegal acts.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has announced the appointment of the Pope. Francis appointed Fr. Ferdinand Bishop at 3:30 pm Roman time in India.
He said that the Association has decided to hold the meeting on the 13th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng at 11 am. We request the public including coal traders, landowners, drivers, coal workers, elderly people, young mothers and others to attend the meeting.
However, it didn’t work out.
Veity Beranus  Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Sambormi Lyngdoh, Asst.Publicity Secy P Shulai, Education Secretary Roitre Dkhar, Asst Edu Secy Phermison Dkhar, Sport Secretary Tenniborn Phawa Asst.Sport Secy Saya Dkhar Associate & Sociormang secretary Moita Chhurmang secretary Cutural Secretary Roo Shylla Organizing secretary U Tne Phawa Astt.
As soon as he sat down with her, he didn't allow her to pay but he built a house.
How the court has taken time since /15 until now.
The chess player also became the first Indian player to score a goal in a European football tournament.
Before the end of the game, Dajiedlang struggled to score another goal for the team, but against Mark Austin, he scored his second goal in the minute. which is by shaking the head.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has staged an indefinite strike to stop the transportation of dewbilat from the 6th of this month. The new vehicle has been announced by the State Government through the Department of Transport.
There will be transparent job opportunities, government income generation opportunities will be CLEAN and transparent.
According to information received from the Vice President of the Delhi Unit, they have informed the relevant authorities.
On the other hand, the drivers of commercial vehicles from Laitlyngkot, on the second day, expressed their anger to see this behavior of these people who take advantage of the opportunity to earn money despite the protest to increase the price of petrol and diesel. .
The Lamphang said that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, was supposed to attend but due to the video conference with the Prime Minister, he could not attend.
This is a wrong way of thinking and in conclusion all the factories are doing bad things to us, how can we reach the goal of increasing income or employment opportunities.
About 500 RSS members from East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills of Meghalaya took part in the rally.
The award was presented for the first time by the Center for Innovations in Public Systems (CIPS) in collaboration with the Government Innovation Lab (GIL), the Government of Meghalaya and the Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI) as partners. .
The DC Ri Bhoi also urged the people to cooperate with the government by obeying and following all the directives of the government.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, the newly elected Minister of State, who has been critical of the MDA 1 government, especially after he was removed from the post of Minister, has said that he will continue to support the MDA 1 government. There is no corruption in the MDA 2 government.
Explaining about joining the NPP, Bah Samlin said he took this decision with the people and now they will win this election with the people.
Cum /Trans /Estt /89/193Pt.111/330, dated Shillong the 5th November 2019.
The KSU alleged that since the beginning of the construction until now the people have not received the land fee and on this basis they have decided to suspend the work in this village until they have received the fee.
In a few months, it is time for us to elect our leaders to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in our Shella constituency.
Because to give the Khasi jait to the children of non-Khasi fathers is a bloodshed in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, while the Khasi children have been denied the right to take the jait as the custom and tradition of the nation.
“Oh, you have come...” said Bah Shanbor first. “Yes...” replied the last brother of Bah Let.
Other planets or heavenly bodies are not suitable for human life.
In the morning they were caught in the same trap as Samson in Delilah's trap (Judges 16).
The song was composed and sung by Banker Kharkongor and the music was composed by Dj Atonicx and recorded at Audiotech Shillong.
For the first time in the development of health care in rural areas, Bethany Hospital Outreach, Nongpoh has achieved success in providing peritoneal dialysis. the first time in the newborn baby.
He said the exact figure has not yet been received as it is still being collected.
On the other hand, KHNAM Pynthorbah Circle has praised the decision of Bah Basaiawmoit to resign for the sake of the ARPA. KHNAM Riatsamthiah Unit is proud of the decision of Bah Basaiawmoit to resign for the sake of the smooth running of the ARPA. Our MDC Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit who has been ready to hand over the post of EM of KHADC to others, in order to protect himself from the ARPA. A truly brave leader loves the nation more than the country.
Kyiv: Tens of thousands of weapons have flowed from Western countries to Ukraine in recent days to fight against Russian weapons, but there is one weapon that is not able to fight against Russia. The javeline missile was sent by the United States and is said to be extremely powerful and capable of easily destroying Russia's heavy artillery. how much soul.
The mother here refers to the woman who gives birth to her child in her womb and who takes good care of him when he is in this world until he learns to walk, to stand, to grow up. love and compassion, empowerment, strength, education and the desire to equalize the value and status of a person who is moving according to the times with the many changes that are taking place in everyday life. sun.
He resigned as Working President and member of the CEC through a letter dated 10-07-2018. How can he be promoted to the post of President? And now he wants to resign again, what is the point and purpose? It’s hard to understand!.
Lapang, in his speech, congratulated the Government of India, led by Sonia Gandhi, Manmohan Singh and Vice President Rahul Gandhi, for bringing in the scheme for the benefit of the people. people of the Ri.
On the same day, the Maitshaphrang Academic Excellence Award was also presented to encourage the youth of the country who have achieved honors in various fields of education.
The curfew announced by the HNLC will apply only to the Khasi and Jaintia districts.
She said that for 10 years, the political parties have promised only one word on the Women's Bill, but the BJP has done so.
Ummulong Grassroot Center beat Laskeiñ Sports Club A 5-0
The Government of India has also approved the BHIM Refund Scheme for the Private Sector, which will be implemented from 1st June 2018 to 31st October
“He said that such a dance has never happened in Arunachal Pradesh and he said that he has been teaching at home by watching television.
President Uhuru Kenyatta said police were pursuing the suspects until they were arrested and severely punished.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah KB Nongbri and was attended by women and young women from all four villages of the village.
Aravalli district, on the other hand, has only one school for girls.
This is what you need.4.
“Informing about the importance of improving the roads in the State, Conrad said that the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is a testimony to the Government's commitment to prioritize the work. to strengthen road connectivity within the State.
This is the first time for Alia to be included in the list and no Bollywood actress is expected to be included.
Shane Jermi Shangpliang, son of Bah V Shangpliang, owner of Blue Heaven Restaurant, Iawmusiang, passed away on
Akash has dismissed 31 batsmen in four matches and thus has reached the 10th position as the strongest wicket taker this season.
People with disabilities and alcoholicsJCDCa office.
president 69096 60516, General secretary 9366164518 and Education secretary 87983 79522.
In the next match, at 6:30 pm, Ghana beat South Korea 3-2
With the announcement of the date of the elections, the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) has come into force across the country.
This is on the basis of the MPSC job vacancy news, which I alone cannot understand how rich Meghalaya is to the point that job seekers have to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars just for you can submit an application form.
Because of this threat of Champion, the staff of the prison were afraid.
He said two Australian universities will open their training centers in GIFT City in Gujarat.
This divisive view of the UCC is however a gain for some political parties, by uniting their voters with this divisive view.
The members of the committee are Zenith M Sangma-AITC, HM Shangpliang-BJP, Augustine Marak-GNC, KP Pangniang-HSPDP, Ronnie V Lyngdoh-Congress, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon-KHNAM, Dr. W Kharlukhi-NPP, Renkton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, UDP, Ardent M. Basaiawmoit-VPP.
He said that Rs 445.16 crore has been collected under the MEPRF. He said the state cabinet meeting has also approved the Meghalaya Transport Corporation Rules,
Nongrum said that on the 18th of October, Pyndapborthiaw Saibon had expressed his readiness to talk peace if Adelbert and his groups were ready to come to the UNFC. There was a table to talk about peace, and on the part of Bah Adelbert, he was ready to make peace.
However, at the same time, she denied that her party's departure would affect the elections.
The CoMSO has urged the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, to take some time to read the bill as the Meghalaya government has already approved it in the Cabinet earlier.
Roy's writing is expected to create a strong ethnic tension, as there are many Kashmiris who have been discriminated against and harassed by other Kashmiris. Indians, who are in schools and other workplaces in different parts of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A juti shop in Khyndai Lad has suddenly caught fire at 3 pm today, during the curfew hour of the HNLC. Opposite the Bata shop in Khyndai, near the Shoe Plus shop, a sudden fire broke out and it is suspected that it was caused by an electrical fault.
The MLA said he had spoken to the head of the company, but he confirmed that the fuel bill will not change at all and the price will remain as usual. MeECL, which is located in Mawsynram and Mawkyrwat, will continue to work with FEDCO if they do not want to work with FEDCO and MeECL will send them to other places to work. There is no need to work in these Sub Divisions.
In his speech, Mohrmen said that only through the government will take action to implement the existing laws and regulations of the CM relating to mining and also the implementation of forest protection laws. btap that cannot be protected from the environment.
Ticket price is only T.20 and will be sold on 10th September 2022 at the indoor hall of Chutwakhu, Jowai.
He said that the Kur together with the Syiems should turn this place into a school for those who need knowledge in the field of Khasi medicine.
Furthermore, the report said that a company from Buenos Aires, Argentina, Full Play; owned by Hugo and Mariano Jinkis, is currently under investigation and is expected to face millions of dollars in fines.
He was elected to the Lok Sabha from Tura constituency by the Congress party.
According to information received, the UDP MDCs who are currently in the EC will not be able to speak on the issue at the EC meeting, as they want to speak directly at the PDF meeting. They want Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem to attend the meeting to discuss these issues.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that in the past he used to hear a lot about the insurgency in the North East but now, along with the peace, there are many good news coming from the region.
On the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act, he said, “You know, we know what the MPDA is, how it should work and in such cases we will implement it.
"“We urge the citizens of Meghalaya and various groups within the university to take seriously this incident and to look into the measures taken by the NEHU authorities so that “We are deeply saddened by the assault on the longryngieng of a female referee by Asst.Sports' Director Nantu Das, in which he tried to and the be-jot of the slave came out only of salvation.
The party leader also urged the MLA of the area who is also a Minister in the MDA 2 government, to take action and turn to the village and they will also meet him to discuss the issue. how to do it.
On all these issues, he appealed to the voters of the state to don't give your precious vote to those who give money, horkit kordang don't win elections to those who don't vote. spah and those who buy votes with money because even the law does not allow.
In the second half, the match became more and more intense with the efforts of the players of both the teams, so as the time went by, Willyboy Kharlukhi, managed to lead the match by scoring a goal. In the 63rd and 69th minutes, Mebanker Shylla scored the third goal for Mawtneng SC in the 71st minute. SC to beat Umket SC with these three goals and win the title.
“While I was working, in the conversation between man and God, I thought that something was going to happen, but I didn't tell anyone,” said Pran Jala. where you never knew, from 1pm, that there was going to be something yesterday.
He also encouraged the students to join the military services such as the NCC and the military service as a way to contribute to the protection and benefit of the society.
Mobile: +91 8135830873.
In recent days, Christians in Chhattisgarh have been attacked by religious groups by forcibly suspending their prayers.
Lahkmen said this after inquiring that the deficit teachers have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony on Teachers' Day because the government has not released the 25 percent arrear. mat demand.
Riwar Mihngi XI won the title after beating Mawprem SC 10 goals through Bantiplang Khongnoh in the second half. tam (extra time).
There were also political leaders like CB Syiem from Nongpoh, Teibor Pathaw from Mawlai and others.
This is after the members of the MJACCV, came to meet the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to request him to take action on the increase in the price of petrol and diesel. that they had not received any definite promise, they decided to stop working.
Erling Haaland set a Premier League record after scoring another goal for Manchester City to beat West Ham United 3-0 at the Etihad on Friday.
In the work of the Bible, he said that it has affected more than 20 people, including children, youth and adults, who have experienced this movement of the spirit in them.
“I have a letter to prove and confirm.
John 3:6.
However, these three persons returned to the protest site at Madan Jingkieng Nongtyn after being dripped.
They include Johnny Ryntathiang (Senior K-1 60 kg) and Shaiborlang Lyngdoh (Sub-Junior Semi Contact 40 kg), who won the gold medal.
Hiphei will join the BJP today.
The intention of our government to take advantage of the sharing of commercial vehicles has led to the implementation of this scheme in many schools and offices which are boarded in buses provided by the state government.
If such persons are found again, besides being arrested, their license should also be confiscated for several years so that it will serve as a warning to others.
“Even in the state, the joining of five MLAs to support the MDA government with the BJP party may be one of the reasons because at such a time when news is spreading rapidly through the BJP. “This may be the reason why the party did not get seats in this election,” he said.
The Shining Star Awards were also presented to 80 students from Meghalaya who have passed the Higher Secondary Examination.
“What is disappointing as a writer is that after I went to the district council, the officers in charge did not give me information for many months after I went to apply. “I don't feel like I have to ask for RTI to get information from the offices when they need to publish books,” he said.
He explained that at this office they also provide counseling for those people who have become addicted to drugs and also help to provide them with treatment.
Therefore, the union after talking to the SDO of MePDCL, has sought clarification on this miscalculation of electricity bill and also to investigate why the electricity bill has reached tens of thousands of rupees. tyngka, due to the sudden increase in electricity bill, has affected the people and especially those who belong to the poor households.
“When we got the results of the MDC elections, I told all the Congress MDCs not to want to form the EC because we should respect the decision of the people and allow others to form,” he said. said Dr Mukul.
After resigning as Manager of the Meghalaya Police Football Team, Bah Rohit has taken over as one of the teachers of the grassroots team under the supervision of the Meghalaya Police Football Team. The meeting was held at the JNS Centre, Polo.
The school building was destroyed.
The number of tourists in the State was 12.7 lakh in 2019 and the number of tourists in the State is expected to increase to 15 lakh in
But I say that this disease was sent by God before the end came.
John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Spokesperson, has entered the House to listen to the detailed explanations given by the President of the Federation of Khasi States. young man of the Mawphlang Kingdom.
“We have many traditional medicine experts here, so if we develop and open up them, it will also be part of the conservation of forests and herbal medicines,” he said.
On behalf of Meghalaya, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Lahkmen Rymbui, Renikton Lyngdoh, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling and others participated in the delegation. Brolding Nongsiej, Sanbor Shullai, Dasakhiat Lamare and Kyrmen Shylla, Ministers of the State Government.
About 30 people have been arrested in connection with the bloodshed that rocked Manipur last month.
There were 2,307 candidates who sat for the HSSLC (Commerce) Examination, 2021 and 1,867 candidates or 80.93 percent passed.
“There are days when I leave in the morning and come back in the evening and stay, until the end of this I will give my support because this is a very difficult issue in terms of employment,” he said. said Mr. Amazing.
“In Pynursla, many young people come from poor families.
So far, the UDP has nominated 21 candidates for the KHADC, two of whom are MLAs, four MDCs and two women.
However, the Shongknor replied, “Even the English have to look at the Chamber Dictionary.
He said he has received a good idea from the students and how they feel about the state of education in the state and as a public leader he said that it is necessary to take the voice of the youth because that they are the future of the nation.
It is learned that the vehicle was driven by Mehebood Khan, when it suddenly overturned at the scene and caused serious damage to the new vehicles, which were parked inside the vehicle. vehicle.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers' Association (MUPSTA) on Tuesday met with the Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma said that the MDA government has failed to implement the demand of the union to upgrade the 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in the state to the status of deficit system.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to close the dam due to the increase in the number of cases of COVlD-1 Adentis Lyngdoh, Lawsohtun Block-IV (Main Road), Swarnalata Kutir, House No.312, C/O Kanai Lal Dey, near Nepali UP School, Mynsain, Lower Lumparing and Mr. B.Marbaniang, East Sabbath, Sabbath Square.
The meeting was attended by the Chairman of the Dorbar Jaïaw Pyllun, the Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Dong, the President and Secretary of the Women's and Youth Wing of various villages. the Durbar Pyllun Jaïaw and also the Hynriew Shnong Lympung among others.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Conrad K Sangma, leader of the group, said that the BJP and other parties have given their support for the formation of the government. .
If we allow, it will be a very difficult task and will empower the VC to violate all the rules of procedure in many matters related to the welfare of the university,” said Prof Kma.
These stones are still in this place.
The three-day celebration of the MBoSE examination was also attended by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, Chief Secretary, DP Wahlang, among other dignitaries. to State Officers.
“What is more sad about this building is that it has turned into a den of criminals, because through this building or iingjah many of the people turn it into an empty place, drink alcohol, do “They have been taking advantage of the rest and the inability of the government to use the building properly as intended for the benefit of the people,” said Bah George Tangsang.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has started its preparations by holding a meeting of leaders and office bearers from all five constituencies in the district. 1st October at the Community Hall of Loomsoiung Village Council, Newhill.
Nongpoh, Lber 04: Various political parties under the leadership of the Ri Bhoi People's Council and the MPSO Ri Bhoi District today launched their first protest by sitting in front of the Indoor Stadium in Umlyngkdait to demand the rights of the people. The government should immediately release the DSC results in Ri-Bhoi District for the year 2021-2 Other political parties from the CoRP, HANM, Union of Village Youth Associations, together with the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar who sat in front of the Indoor Stadium from 11 am to 3 pm.
He said that among the banks in the state, SBI has the highest deposit of Rs 782.80 crore this year.
However, to prevent the spread of the disease in some parts of Panaliar village, micro containment has been imposed in Kynjing Colony and Pamhadem from now until further notice.
After careful discussion, it was felt that it would be appropriate and necessary for the three Autonomous District Councils to meet together to discuss this issue so that it can be done in an orderly manner.
The party has lodged a complaint not only against Karan but also against BJP leader Kirron Kher in Tinsukia district of Assam.
About 256 participants came with a strong spirit to take part in the beautiful and pleasant environment.
It is learned that the youth died at 10 pm this morning and his body was brought to Byrwa at 5 pm. his body in the cemetery in that town.
The union also asked the contractors, “Why don't our contractors know how to work? If yes how will they know when we don’t let them work? How do you imagine them getting skills without getting a chance to do the job".
In the MP election 2014, Vincent Pala of Congress received 209,340 votes, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit received 168,961 votes, Paul Lyngdoh of UDP received 106,817 votes and U Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP received 95,979 votes.
Nomkebo Zekode, a singer who sings of Jerusalem, says that she longs for God to lead her to the city of Jerusalem, the city of peace and tranquility.
The DC said that the failure to check the vehicles in the previous order was issued after the taxi drivers submitted a complaint to her.
Soren said he intends to implement it well after the High Court has abolished the appointment system by his government.
He said the UDP does not want to be selfish but wants the goal to be achieved.
With this victory, Sikai FC has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
The match against Lumparing SC was also a disappointing one where they lost half a goal (7th November).
According to the investigation, it is suspected that the blast was caused by an IED bomb. Investigation into the incident is ongoing, the SP said. One person was injured in the incident.
The three candidates who completed their filing of nomination papers are Macmillan Kharbani of All India Trinamool Congress from 32 Nongstoin Assembly Constituency; India Trinamool Congress candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly constituency 33, Bah Polestar Nongsiej from 32 Nongstoin Assembly constituency.
The Union will hold its first town and suburban meeting on the 10th of this month at Jaiaw Shyiap Lum Pyllon, then at Ri Bhoi District on the 12th of this month. In Umsning, it will be held on the 20th of this month at the District Library in Mynthong and in West Khasi Hills it will be held on the 26th at Mairang.
Deputy Commissioner, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, in his speech, urged the IVCS to take responsibility for these items as owners and regarding the marketing of the goods, a meeting will be convened with the DPD, M.S. -LAMP Project and other government departments.
He expressed his concern that many MDCs after winning the elections have fled to another party.
Through these two goals, Seven Brothers FC won the tournament and won the title.
The opening match of the day was between Laitkor SC and Umpling SC and the second match was between PFR Football Academy SC and Mawkriah West SC. Umpliang have started the tournament this season while PFR beat Makwriah West by 16 goals on 19 July
The villages where Ampareen visited the area include Thangsning, Thynroit, Jongksha and Mawkynrew, in the presence of Bahduh kynsing, the candidate for the recent MLA election. the NPP constituency, the party leaders and others.
Xi's visit comes after a visit to Tibet.
According to the supplier, the supply of these products has reached about 4 lakh units in the Iewduh area alone.
Wow!!This part is very difficult to talk about, without the power of God, we cannot do this part.
Those who bring children should take care to avoid any tragic incident, said Pastor Kharkrang.
“The power struggle between the state government and the district council ruled by the same party has caused problems to the people in terms of housing construction and the post of Rangbah Shnong,” he said.
Per 100 tons of wastewater there are about 32 percent nitrogen in cattle manure, 48 percent in horse manure, 12 percent in pig manure, 56 percent in sheep or goat manure, and 24 ha you can't cleanse a person.
After strong opposition in October, this year the District authorities have decided to stop the dumping of garbage at this place and the Jowai Municipal and JHADC have tried to find a place to dump garbage. but for some reason a new place has not been found, the niut in Jowai has remained unchanged.
Shillong, March 02: The MMA team has represented Meghalaya at the Apex Combat International MMA Tournament, which was held at Dimapur on 30th November.
In such areas the soil should be clean and should contain more dead organic matter.
According to some of the leaders of the Congress Mawlai who were invited by Bah PT Sawkmie, they said that the talks are no longer by any means but directly by the canvas.
In terms of health, Rajasthan scored 73.74 points.
He asked what is the main reason why the state has decided to implement the NEP within two months after the minister said that it cannot be implemented.
God sent forth his son, made of woman, made under the Law.
The summons of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima is for violating the order of the KHADC issued in March, 2013 that he is no longer allowed to allow foreigners to enter the country. applied for a trading licence, but the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has continued to grant permission even after the issuance of the order, in which in July 2014 he approved a foreigner known as Sujit Singh Saha did not apply for a license.
The protest came after police announced that they have arrested Dr. RK Gupta, a doctor who performed the abortion, which has angered the people over the death of a woman. The death toll has risen from 13 to 14 after the death of a child.
A poet who sings and writes in the world and in the world, both in the Khasi and English languages; Bah Daminot is a great man and a strong man.
According to the ejahar, on the 17th of this month, she had gone to Rongjeng to bury her family members. The vehicle was driven slowly to avoid any tragic incident.
In the final match, Lumkhangdong Kyndong Tuber beat Nangbah Mooknor 3-2
On receiving a tip, Bengaluru police rushed to Avalahalli and arrested four persons, identified as Sagar, Mohammed Baba Sheikh, Ridoy Babu and Hakeel.
If anyone violates the MCC in any other way, the ECI will take action.
The MDA 2.0 government cannot just say that without sending for the facts.
The decision explains your position.
And they did eat up all the fruit of the ground, and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left; there remained not any green thing in the trees, or in the herbs of the field, throughout all the land of Egypt. :12-15.
“This son of ours who has grown up doesn't understand.
“If the AAI finds that the land acquired by the government is sufficient, it can take over the land in agreement with the landowners. “This is so that the buyers will not be able to take advantage of the sale of land because once they take advantage of this, the price of land will increase by many times more than the price of land,” said the Bench. .
It was at this time that Bah Bull suffered from illness and was admitted to the Civil Hospital.
Jowai, July 25: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (JHADC), Jaintia Hills District, LD Lakiang, today released the documents on the decision of the Executive Committee of the JHADC to divide the constituencies led by MB Rymbai. as Chief Executive Member.
He said that the four lane road from Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer will be constructed while the remaining road will be constructed from Mylliem to Dawki-Tamabil.
“The rules of the Sixth Schedule do not mention anywhere that mid-term elections should be held within six months, HDR should spend a little time to read the 6th Schedule,” said Pynshngaiñ.
In the 3rd Division, Mawtawar beat Mawpat 3-1
Archie Siangshai, who is also the former Rangbah Shnong, received only 72 votes.
“The KJCLF urges the State authorities and the Central Government to protect the lives and property of the Rit Paid across the country.
He said that the PWD office in Barik has turned into a slum where unknown people stay in the area and hold various activities as their own place.
He said the Government of India will ensure support for the development of sports in the region especially football in Meghalaya.
Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, Acting Basan, Manly Lyngdoh, Biolinda Lyngdoh, Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village were present at the ceremony. Klemen Dkhar, Sordar of Nongrmai, Shailes Nongrang, family members of Phan Nonglait and others.
If groups/societies in urban and suburban areas are allowed to earn money, allow them in rural areas as well.
In the complaint, NEHUSU President Genuica Majaw lodged an FIR at Rongram Police Station against the Proctor of NEHU Tura Gino A Sangma and Pro VC G Singaiah along with seven employees.
On the other hand, the union has also informed the DMHO that the union has also received a complaint that the doctor at the PHC is not accurate and the number of patients needs to be increased. The hospital will not be able to provide services to the people along with other shortcomings including water supply, the lack of medicines and the government should take immediate action.
“We have directed the Chief Executive Members to issue the resident certificates under Sections 3 and 12 of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, “They will be recognized as Khasi,” said Bah Jambor War.
Shillong, July 10: The Border Security Force (BSF) of Meghalaya on Monday seized a truck carrying 20 cows which were smuggled into Bangladesh through Bangladesh. It is located in the border area of ​​East Jaintia Hills district.
There are many accusations and finger points, from all sides, in many areas.
“What is needed is that through the ISL and I-League, it is an opportunity for the youth to earn because the salaries they receive are high, and it is time for talented players like Eugeneson Lyngdoh to “I have appointed Meghalaya Football to promote football in the state and to lead the state in many tournaments,” said Bhaichung Bhutia.
We remember that one of the things that Jesus did while the law of Moses was in force was that Jesus forgave a woman who was a woman.
Tomorrow, there will be the swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs and after that, there will be a power struggle in the House to show that the BJP government has enough people in the House.
This attitude of this officer is wrong and he is the one who wants to mislead the youth.
Reports said that the seven men had known each other for many years and had planned together for the robbery of Parliament.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has alleged that there is a high level of corruption in the recruitment of teachers in the South West Khasi Hills.
“The UDP has accused us of doing politics in 2008 by misleading the government's decision in front of the people.
“This is also the day for the society to start the work and at the same time to raise funds.
Therefore, the farmer has requested the Extension District Horticulture Officer of the Horticulture Department to respond as soon as possible according to the RTI application. He wants to get assistance from the government to clean up the sohniamtra trees which he has planted as a farmer to support his family through farming.
Challam, President of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, told the media about the deterioration of the roads in Jowai which are filled with snow. In the past month, these parts have started to suffer again.
Also present on the occasion was Mawlai MLA Bah Embhah Syiemlieh who encouraged the party to continue to work day by day to bring peace in the village.
According to Ampareen, childbirth or early pregnancy has affected the family and women to build their lives properly.
The children whom the group found during the electricity works were taken back to school and enrolled in the SPARK training camps.
Participants in the Miss Shillong 2019 contest, which will be held in April
According to him, if the villagers of the state do not start and show by their actions, the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule will never succeed.
A strong earthquake measuring 7.8, 7.6 and 6.0 on the Richter scale struck Turkey, killing 2,300 people. thousands of people were killed and thousands injured.
We are human beings who are the same creatures of God along with the animals, the trees, the birds, the animals and the animals. He is a Man and gives us a stronger brain than others because He is the Lord.
On receiving this information, police raided the house of T. Lalcha Khongsai in Madanriting.
Not only the police were well prepared, but also light vehicles and water tankers were brought to Motphran.
The Honorable State Court has to accuse the Government of not having a proper plan how to reduce traffic jam.
Kingshok Borah, said that the CSR department has started this support since 2018 and will continue to provide support. For those students who will receive a scholarship from the company as usual every year, those who pass well in the first grade will receive a cash prize of T50,000 thousand tyngka. The second place winners will receive T30,000 thousand and the third place winners will receive T15,000 thousand tyngka. This Star Scholarship is to support and assist the students to continue their studies. who is shalor.
The program was attended by teachers and students of JNV Rymbai.
Besides Block I and II, Meghalaya has shared 12 plots with Assam.
Earlier, at 8:30 pm, the GNLA attacked a petrol pump at Charingre village, about 15 kilometers from Tura, West Garo Hills. They also attacked the MPRO near the village in Darinchegre.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganthan, today visited the Market, the largest market in Meghalaya.
Daniel 9:24-2.
Speaking to reporters, Bah IA Diengdoh, said that the purpose of opening this shop is to market the ryndia clothes produced from Ri-Bhoi. Sadly, there has been a lack of ownership of the clothes made by the clothing manufacturers of Ri-Bhoi from other states.
Acknowledging the increase in the illegal entry of foreigners into the state, the Seng said that if the railway line runs and enters Meghalaya, then the illegal entry of foreigners will increase without The ILP will create many problems.
Police said that a man named Jonathan A Sangma lodged a complaint that on the 15th of June at about 9 pm, a man who identified himself as Aloysious, who He allegedly shot and killed Jonathan, a truck driver and an assistant at the Weighbridge of the Transport Department in Gonglanggre.
Lambor said that the absence of a C&RD block in the area has caused a lot of problems to the residents of this area as when the residents need to go to the blocks they have to go to the Block. Mawrynkneng or Mylliem Block has been affected by the traffic.
“We didn’t want this war, to happen.
Notice will be sent to all the residents of the District for this purpose.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the market is in fact a market that provides employment to many youths of the state, but because many indigenous people do not manage it. There are many shops in the market, but many of them are sold to foreigners, so this prevents the youth from getting jobs in this market.
About 100 people are still missing from the incident.
In the women's category, the winner received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy, while the loser received a cash prize of T.5,0 Trophy.
The DGP said that due to the failure of the state government to take special measures, peace has started to return and has also prompted the Central Government to withdraw the implementation of the Armed Act. The Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) has been implemented in many parts of Assam.
Shillong, July 23: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) does not support the demand of the Voice of the People (VPP) to re-appoint the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP). The Government has dismissed three investigating officers because the law does not allow the re-appointment of retired officers.
However, before the KHADC announced the findings of its investigation into the matter, this reporter sought detailed information in whose name the money was sent.
Opposition MLA in Assam Akhil Gogoi has slammed the ruling BJP government led by Himanta Biswa Sharma over the proposal to relocate the Chakma people from Arunachal Pradesh to India. Assam.
On the 14th of this month, the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) admitted that it was involved in the IED blast on the 9th of this month in Mawlong Market. and has given six months to the government to evacuate these 342 families from the area.
“This shows that there is progress in all aspects and how can there be such opposition to the government and I don't see that,” said the NPP candidate. “So we are in the same government, where will that opposition come from?” Dr Ampareen said.
The bodies of the deceased were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Khliehmawlieh FC, the best team from West Khasi Hills, will face Mawlai (Shillong) in the Shillong Premier League. League 2022.
However, the people cannot do anything because many of them have chosen those who have been elected.
Besides, Bah Kharkhrang said that it is necessary to train and explain to the youth and parents how to act in order to ensure that the youth boys and girls are free from being misled. lead to the addiction to Drok.
Police have seized the weapons, and the investigation into the three is ongoing.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) has decided to meet with the Minister of Home Affairs to urge the Government of India to fulfill these promises as made with the Khasi States. Constitution Of India.
The house was handed over by the two Rangbah Seng Khasi Kmie in the presence of the office bearers of the Seng Khasi Tyrsad Circle to Melinda Nongbet. Organization of Residents.
Mawpyllun Football Team and Mawsawa Football Team won the final by scoring 4-2 goals in the tie breaker.
To hold a Youth Parliament to work with the youth.
Mawkyrwat, July 11 : The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) of Mawpud Unit has won the football tournament of Erkai Football Club 4-2 goals against Mawpud Unit. Football Club at Mawpud Village Square.
The campaign was conducted by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA, Deputy Chief Minister, who is also the President of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee (MBCC).
They also told about the origin of the factory and how Mawmluh village has signed an agreement with the management of MCCL to allow it to mine coal at a reasonable price. The jobs vacant in this factory will be looked after by the people of the Shnong.
In the Miss Teen category, Denice Kharkongor and Gracie Nandy won the second title. Miss Meghalaya Stella Khongsni won T.1 lakh while Miss Teen Angelina won T.25,0
He said how can the MPCC call the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) when he is the chairman as CEM. ", said Mr. Pynshngain.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Health and Sanitation, Victor Ranee, said that the release of the vehicle came after the Executive Committee, led by the CEM, came to inspect the vehicle. To ensure the cleanliness of the morning and during this inspection, the CEM has already promised to provide another garbage truck.
“When the election comes, people go to vote without knowledge and understanding, it is better for me to be a citizen than an MDC,” said Shylla. said.
The Minister said that in the coming days, 2 units out of 4 units in the state will be upgraded soon.
At this meeting, the new leaders of East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat for the term 2014-2017 were confirmed.
For Conrad, his first budget was in 2008 when he was a Minister in the government of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Malki SC, which has 4 points, will face Langsning FC, which has 14 points.
On the other hand, the Minister of Electricity said that at this meeting, several decisions and measures were taken, to be taken, so that they can generate income from this department and this MeECL has been given six months to work hard.
The assistant was Dibin Dileep and the makeup was done by Aditi Das.
According to the report, the Council has been divided into 17 departments within the JHADC while Fishery and Agriculture has been excluded from this budget.
Speaking to media after the party meeting, Pala said, “This election may not be like other elections because of the BJP's robbery of the bank accounts of the Congress. 215 crore rupees.
This includes T.1,209.60 crore as part of the Central Government's State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for four states including Chhattisgarh, Meghalaya, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh for the year -23 and Rs 4,984.80 crore for 15 states including Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Goa, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Manipur, Meghalaya, Odisha, Punjab, Tamil Nadu, Tripura for the year 2023-2
Shillong, July 28 : The Search & Rescue Police together with the Sohra Police, have recovered the body of a young man who fell into the ground at Mawmluh, Sohra.
When Panah came to visit, Rida gave him a drink and gave him a drink, as she used to do.
Let us see whether the rule has been released or not and we will believe it”.
He said that earlier the pork market had been very small since the news of pork poisoning, but the people have now received the explanation that there is no harm if they eat pork and they began to trade as before without any hesitation.
In the video, it is seen that the farmer, who supported himself with a stick, climbed on the rynsan where the MLA was sitting and went to turn shajan (not to ask for money), but he gave him a stick. Gupta, however, was shocked and denied that he had been beaten by an old man.
KHLIEHRIAT: The body of the Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka and his wife have been recovered from Wah Prang.
When she recognized him for the first time, she said, “Phi la wan Bah.
Revelation 12:7-1
On the same day, besides these two women, other BJP leaders and supporters from Upper and Lower Jail Road left the party and joined the NPP to support Bah Ransom Sutnga was welcomed by Dr. Don War.
Police found Lee lying dead inside his bedroom with a bullet wound in his head.
Our CEM also wants to say: “That the whole world should follow the Matrilineal System as the Khasi Khara who are the first in childbearing, in childbearing, in divorce, in the drunkenness, the slaughter of fish, the slaughter of cattle, the slaughter of cattle and to Khasialize all the seeds of mynder from all over the world to the Khasi people and to Khasialize their own seeds. The thought of our CEM is very plastic.
I remember the story we read when we were in school in Moral Science about the two travelers which said; Two travelers came to a very large house.
They said that the residents of the area who go to the market by Sumo when they reach the bridge, have to get off first and only the driver has to sit down and when they cross the bridge they get back on the bridge. vehicle.
The award winners are those who have achieved 60 percent marks, as well as those from poor families and those with disabilities.
Malki SC beat Nangkiew Irat 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
In addition, there are many drug users who inject drugs into their blood vessels or injecting drug users.
Not only that, it can affect mental health, health and education, unsafe future, these fathers have taken away what luck their own family, is right to receive.
In the team shooting competition, Umkdait A led by Olik Jyrwa and Wedhsai Kharshiing won the title. Laitkyrhong B led by Shailangstar came second. Khongsngi and Teibor Warbah, Umtyngew C led by Ryngkatborlang Kurkalang and B Rynjah and Sohra-Rim A led by Bhakupar Syiemlieh and Koswell Syiemlieh, respectively. Namtam, Stien Khun and also a donation of money.
She said that during the Covid-19 pandemic, the employees of 108 have worked hard for months as frontline warriors, but the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, said that they have been working hard for months as frontline warriors. EMRI employees are not government employees.
Diana Kharbithai of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, came first among the top 10 students with 452 marks and scored highest in the subjects E, K, Ec, Ps, Pls, Hs, Ka. Prantik Bhattacharjee, of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, came second with 446 marks and the highest marks in subjects E, Pls, EC, Ps, Hs and Ae.
He also recalled the speech of TMC leader Mamata Banerjee in which she declared that West Bengal has its own party and does not need other national parties to explain to them how to govern the state.
Speaking to media, on July 14, 2019, Bah Daniel said that the increase in trafficking in human beings especially women is due to the deception of robbers who promise to employed abroad and those who are willing to sacrifice their lives just for the sake of poverty in their own homes.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has said that FPS dealers are not allowed to pay less than or deduct from the quota allocated by the government in connection with the distribution of any food items. Through the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes, all FPS dealers have been directed not to dispose of ration cards to those consumers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards. .
This is because as a nation we have a special relationship with the fire.
“If the MeECL department which should take responsibility for this incident cannot do anything, the union will also meet with the Minister of Electricity Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to fight and not to go. “MeECL has violated the rights of the people under Article 19-32 of the Fundamental Rights,” he added.
This place is located near the office of District Clean India Mission, Khliehriat.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We are a nation that has inherited from our mother and this is the strength of our culture that we have that cannot be changed. to us.
This comes after the East Jaintia Police Station has conducted a thorough investigation in connection with the NDPS Act.
Referring to the payment of Income Tax, he said the state government has discussed this issue with the central government. The opposition leader said that the machines produce the way the people withdraw and deposit money.
“After we have seen many of the problems faced by the people in the past during the violence by the army, we don't want to see anymore that our fellow citizens will continue to face violence by the army. “The soldiers have been treated by the people in the past,” said Bah Kurbah.
The same Word still speaks and calls upon those who do not believe now, to repent so that God may blot out the sins which He has now written in the book of death, by quickly accepting that Jesus is the Son of God who came into this world to save, deliver people from the powers of the devil and Satan and sin.
Lyngdoh said that in the last MDC election in 2009, there were 4.70 lakh voters in KHADC and 1.55 lakh voters in JHADC. The Supreme Court, Bah Lyngdoh said that the department will soon provide information after the hearing.
Although the teams failed to score in the first half, Lebanon managed to score in the 74th minute through Hassan Maatouk.
When asked about the report of the HLC on Influx, Kropha said the government is examining the committee.
“A funeral service was also held at the cemetery of PA Sangma in the presence of other friends.
Leaders, office bearers and farmers from the units of the party from all over the state will attend the ceremony. units that are outside the state.
According to a statement issued by the Director of Commerce and Industries, Bah JL Mawlong on 29th June 2019, factory estates do not fall under the jurisdiction of district councils or village authorities. , kingdom border, priest, area.
Why do you and the owners of the state go to work in this place ? Or go and ask for a job as a peon, Chowkidar to be a servant to clean up these chiefs who rule over the land we have sold? the mountains melted away, the waters in the rivers were not drinkable.
The total number of cases was 12,470 and the death toll was
However, the Act of 1986 speaks only of Self Acquired property which can be willed to sons and daughters.
It is learned that the shaking of the cross started at 11 pm and continued for 15.20 seconds and then stopped and then it shook again and continued to shake. almost all day long.
“We request the authorities to take action through investigation to ensure justice and arrest the robbers involved in this incident which have destroyed the peace and order in the area,” said the statement. and the General Secretary, Mr. Barnabas.
Why is this happening to education in the state? The Minister of Education should give a proper answer to the people of the villages on the backwardness of education in government schools in the state.
After a while, the people gathered again and called the magistrate and informed him that the land grabbing should stop immediately, because on this day only the elders of the seven cities.
On the other hand, the teachers also expressed their hope that the Supreme Court will also come in their favour.
In a world of unemployment, young people should first train themselves to do other jobs so that they can stand on their own feet and become those adults who will have power. to bear the burden of marriage when it is time for them to marry.
A flag march was also conducted by the security forces on Tuesday to show the power of the law.
In the U-17 Babu Ondromoni Dkhar Memorial Tournament, Roshan Sharma (Gorkha Pathsala) won the title of Best Bowler, Saumyadeep Bhattacharjee (KV Upper Shillong) and Best Wicketkeeper. (Gorkha Pathsala), Man of the match final by Sonu Alam (Gorkha Pathsala), Man of the Tournament by Sudhir Sahani (RB Anoopchand HS School), Most Promising player by Sudip Singh (Jail Road Boys HS School) and Best The disciplined team was brought to Saints Diocesan HS School.
This is the case in West Garo Hills District.
“So far there has been no dispute but regarding the affected farmers, I have spoken in the Assembly and the Chief Minister has spoken to the farmers. Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
I hope you all are well soon bro, you are not alone, let's face this virus together.
Grace handed over 14 solar street lights to the Dorbar Shnong.
Marak said the central government has allocated a lot of money to the state to provide electricity, water, roads and other necessities but only a few changes have been made.
The MPCC has not informed and consulted with the block and district level leaders.
Sniawbha said that these stones were not only erected on this day but some of these projects have passed and some are still in progress.
“We should commend the efforts of the government even in these 100 days to serve the people of the state.
Apandanka alone took six wickets for 35 runs in 10.1 overs while Thakuria and Benedict took two wickets each.
When meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, senior leaders of FKJGP including Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Sengkmie, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Rangbah Shnong and others.
The reopening of the border market in Srinagar will not only boost trade between India and Bangladesh, but will also bring about closer ties between the residents of the two countries. country.
However, he said that because of the government's listening to the request of the small people like them, he has got back the right to earn every day.
In April 2015, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced a target to provide electricity to every village within 1,000 days.
It is no longer the old days when there is no cure for HIV/AIDS. There are also measures to ensure that if someone is infected with HIV/AIDS, others should not know. .
The whole of India knows that you have a house in Dubai, where you live with your wife, Noor, and 17-year-old daughter.
Guwahati: The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) has decided to suspend the transportation and unloading of petrol and diesel at all petrol pumps for 48 hours on 5th July 2024 due to the strike by trucks. nationwide to protest the law passed by the government.
As soon as the election season comes especially three or six months before the polling, it is clear that there is corruption in the implementation of water schemes, road schemes, construction schemes which often affects the people. to believe that there is indeed that corruption in that process.
Pyndenumbri opened the scoring through Budlang K.Synteng in the 56th minute, but 10 minutes later Umkseh equalized through Badestar Rani.
The incident occurred at Khumatai, Moranhaat in Charaideo district.
Replying to a supplementary question by Mayralborn on the extension of the One Time Settlement to allow households who can no longer pay the bailight once, the Minister said the government has extended the OTS. to October 31 of this month, but further extension requires prior review.
It is worth mentioning that in the past years, Rupang has been able to talk to people who have donated tens of thousands of tyngka to ask them for advice on what makes them have the spirit of helping those who have lost their lives. They are very poor but they understand that God has revealed to them in many ways that they should help the poor. They saw in the Rupang newspaper that there is a way for them to help the poor.
Banteidor, who is also known as Paidang, said that these days he went to Cherish's house to talk to him as a friend.
After the relatives could not find him even after searching around the village, they lodged a complaint at Mawngap Out Post.
This is the most important point.
On the other hand, Pastor NS Phawa, Secretary of the KJP Assembly, said that he cannot say anything and the decision will be taken by the Executive Committee of 11 members. this work.
“The people will support me because I have not appeared only during elections in these 25 years of my service as an MLA. I work and try to provide the best service to the people of my constituency,” he said. said Hek.
Let the farmers be truly the masters of the land and the saviors and deliverers of the nation from famine and disease of all kinds.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Police have arrested Nimala Syiem, 30, wife of a PTS driver, Goflink, Shillong for allegedly kidnapping a child and raping her husband. of her to hold the power of this child who works in her house.
When asked by Rupang whether there are any Muslim men in Shillong who have more than one wife but who have already registered with the law, Shabong said that in Shillong there are only a few who have married. Only two husbands have already registered but outside the state there are many who have up to four husbands and all these have registered.
In the men's category, Wanlambok Shynret (48kg) of East Khasi Hills District, Dulang Dhar (51kg) of West Jaintia Hills District Association, Gareth G Laloo (54kg) of Green Heat Boxing Club, Wanshaibor Shyrkon (57kg) of SAI, Bahlung Papeng (63kg) of SAI and Ayush Thapa (67kg) of Risingstar Boxing.
Through these two goals, Lawsohtun SC continued to fight without allowing Imson SC to score and without scoring only two goals when Rohit Rosaily scored the 10th goal in the 90th minute. The team won 3-0 and scored three points.
In East Khasi Hills District, the affected areas have been identified as Polo area and roads from Polo to Wahingdoh.
The purpose of the AMKSA in organizing this three day tournament every year is to open the door for the young karate players of the state to showcase their talents. don, that's yours in Kumite or Kata.
In 2011, it reached 1192 million or 119 crore 20 lakh.
He admitted that the people have lost confidence in the government and have seen what is wrong with the government.
Hek said that out of the 856 returnees, 165 are from Ri-Bhoi, 189 from West Garo Hills, 34 from Trikikilla, 180 from Bajengdoba, 77 from Jowai. cases from Khiehriat and 192 cases from Shillong.
The people should not believe his promises and vote for the party that will form the most paid government”.
Therefore, as employees we put forward the following demands- (i) to pay a living wage to all employees in the State (ii) to implement “equal pay for equal work” (iii) to increase the salaries of teachers, including teachers of private schools.
Only technology can ensure that this problem can be solved,” said the Minister while inaugurating the project.
They also decided that in the second Wat, three out of the seven border posts will be arranged first, namely Langpih in West Khasi Hills, Borduar and Deshdoomreah in Ri Bhoi District.
Lumiawmuchai Shangpung beat Ladthadlaboh 1-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament sponsored by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium. it's not two days.
Later, in 2014, the Archbishop of Jowai, Most Rev. Thomas Menaparampil, was appointed as the Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai. as Acting Bishop in 2016 until he was appointed by Pope Francis as Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong on November 28,
Even school children are affected by the internet.
Using the Mother App on their phones, ANMs can collect all the information about pregnant women including age, risk factors, due date, travel give the vaccine and also when they go for checkup as well as the accommodation and other information.
Speaking to media, the president of SSMDOA, R.Labourstarwell Nongrum, expressed his deep sorrow over this incident and strongly condemned the invasion of foreigners. The life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta was killed.
The two HSPDP MLAs have explained through the President of their party that they are ready to return to the group of ethnic parties to form the Government if they have completed their preparations.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the Sohtrun farmers in Nongpoh area said that this year the Sohtrun farmers have no hope, because as soon as the Sohtrun harvest comes out, they have been able to get a higher price. again in the market in the hat.
Speaking after the inspection, the Lamphang expressed his satisfaction with the progress of the work.
The shooting death of five residents of Mukroh and a forest guard of Assam by the Assam Police on 22nd November 2022 has caused strong protests and affected the peace and order. sign haka State.
The Director said that there will be no Personal Interview but the recruitment will be based on the Entrance Exam which the students will write and announcements will be issued from time to time.
As part of the pressure on the state government, it has been decided to hold a protest on the 13th of this month with the voice of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep from different districts, who will come to take part in the protest. this is their protest.
It is a shocking incident, but it is believed to be a kind of ritual, which will bring good luck to young children and this is the Hindu ritual, or Govardhan Puja.
It is the duty of the Government to empower them so that they can move forward,” he said.
SC Laloo, ADC conducted the meeting, the Sordar of Sohsyniang gave the welcome speech while OBlah, Junior Executive Engineer gave the greeting speech.
In another match, Mawkriah West beat Umsohdun 3-0
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “The Government strives to preserve the culture and supports such festivals to showcase to the world the richness of the culture of the people. the state.
The Church has cleansed all those wrongdoings of the MDA government. We have been dressed in the BJP, RSS and others who have tried to saffronize the institutions and the country. hi everyone.
“What can be done within the authority of the state government we will consider as much as possible because there is a desire to reach a conclusion but at the same time it is very difficult because this task does not depend only on the state government. The authority of the state government but the central government through the Ministry of Home Affairs is involved in this peace talks and therefore it has to be agreed upon.
It also shows that there was an increase in the number of Christians and it doubled in the ten years 1911-1
It is also recommended that schools talk to local health centers and keep phone numbers in advance in case they are needed at any time.
Stella has won the title not only for her beauty and physical appearance but also for her intelligence.
“God knows my anxious thoughts because I feel that the burden is too heavy.
Don't allow yourself to be accused like this.
There are vehicles that want to go to Dawki have to pass through Shillong, those who go to West Khasi have to pass through Shillong, those who come have to pass through Shillong. the road that leads to the road.
He said that before this many women who wanted to become MLAs and MPs, but did not get the opportunity, but through this Bill the opportunity has opened for them.
The Waheh Shnong of Sonapyrdi, Edimon Lamare and the Secretary of the Shnong, Daiapherbha Lamare, said that on the 27th of this month, they received information that some foreigners had smuggled from Assam at Lad Lum Tongseng. The village councilor immediately rushed to the scene together with the VDPs of the village.
Laitkor have also scored the most goals in the tournament with 35 goals.
The Sub-Committee was led by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, in collaboration with the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to find ways and means to relocate the illegal immigrants. Theme Motors.
The Bishop Elect said that his reaching this rank of Bishop was a miracle of God and God's special love for him as well as the intercession of the Mother of God Mary Theresa and the Blessed Virgin Mary. his obedience to what the authorities commanded him to do.
He said that the emergence of two young men to become defenders of the country through the army has been a great pride for them and especially for their parents who have raised and encouraged them. the children to enter the work.
Pynkhraw Jana scored two goals in the 20th minute and Lenny Kravit Lyngdoh in the 43rd minute while Phulding Mawlot scored the first goal for Rambrai. in the 68th minute.
The Seng said that this act has insulted the Khasi people and the Hima rulers.
The driver of the vehicle, Sadam Hussein, and another driver, Sadiq Islam, were also arrested.
This is the first award for Kong Simi in an award ceremony outside the state.
Rida was very sad and cried bitterly.
Those under the age of 18 years are also requested not to participate in the Mass or religious services on that day, as part of the compliance with the Covid 19 rules laid down by the state government.
In this world we cannot live alone, Whether male or female; Trust God, He knows better, Your life and mine.
Any gatherings have been banned and all shops have been ordered to close immediately.
However, as members of the party, we did not take that money (which he offered) but if we take that money, the nation itself will be destroyed.
On the other hand, Bah Titos urged the new Executive Member of the Council Building Department to take action so that the project can be completed.
“If those who hold the sword of Khadar are so stupid, the time will come when instead of a sword they will take a weapon, instead of a sword they will shed blood,” he added.
In the religious world there are many groups and theological ideas that explain or teach about truth.
The Tymmen Longsan of our Seng Khasi did not accept us as sweet children, not to dig-ïa sei, so that the world knows everything today, will have to examine it and find out, the truth.
On Tuesday, during the inspection of the road, it was found that the cleaning work has been going on quickly from Nongma Road to Tynghor.
The CoRP will follow up on this issue and will inform the government officials, according to a statement sent by Bah GS Hat, Vice President CoRP.
Regarding the unemployment, Dr Mukul said the MDA Government does not want the youth of the state to be unemployed as even the vacancies have not been filled like in the police department.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) in a statement said, “The Citizenship Amendment Rules 2024 will allow people under the provisions of the CAA 2019 to register. name to become citizens of india.
Yesterday, AMPSTA issued a letter saying that it does not want to take part in the strike under the banner of JACATAM because it does not understand its demands.
If these good things happen, I hope that I will be able to help as much as I can for the good of the family.
"That's right too dad" she suggested.
Your bank or employer will not provide you with money if you do not have a bank account.
Improvement of infrastructure such as highways, road connections to villages, provision of clean water through mechanisms and others.
and about 2,743 farmers have joined the market, more than 86,000 farmers are expected to benefit from the Kisan Credit Card crop loan at 2% interest.
In Polo, the areas occupied by the vendors are from Polo Bridge to SRGT and Lawmali.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen to 90,633 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in India to 41,13,8
“I am not an intellectual or a scientist but when everyone is involved in money, they will no longer have intelligent leaders.
It was in November 2019 that the Government of India approved the implementation of the ILP in Manipur during the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
“The preparations are in full swing and we hope to win many gold medals,” she said.
The Government has now reached the point where it can no longer create jobs.
“After receiving various sources, the District Police and the Superintendent of Police, have taken strict measures to ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the coming days. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Conrad Sangma.
