Speeches were also delivered by Pdianglin Phanbun, I.Nongdkhar Counselor, Paiem of Myriaw Hima, John F Nongsiang President KSU WKH, Jibarpaul Thabah President KSU Mawthadraishan Circle. , village leaders, leaders of women's organizations and others.
Do you see that? And the women didn't know how, lah.
In the second half, both sides struggled to score, and Banehskhem Khongsdam scored the first goal for Mawkhar in the 57th minute of the match. you are playing.
The Mizoram Home Ministry has denied allegations that the state is involved in land theft on the Assam-Mizoram border. It has been recognized since 1875 through the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation of 1873, while Assam has been recognized by a map drawn in
Warjri explained that this public hearing is a platform where supporters and opponents can express their views on the platform.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, on the preparations of the VPP for the 2023 elections, Bah Ardent said that the VPP has made progress in preparing to contest the 2023 elections.
However, before the end of extra time, Rajasthan United through Denzell (90+4 minutes) and Chhangte (90+6 minutes) managed to score 10 points each.
Therefore, all Suloi License holders who have received their license on or before 31-12-2018 are reminded to appear at the Office of the District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District within 20-06-2 renew their license on the new portal to obtain a Unique Identification Number (UIN) as directed by the Government.
One of the issues raised by the youths on this day, was on the law enforcement regarding drug dealers and drug users, as it was found that most of the time if arrested and handed over to the police, these drug dealers or drug users has been released within a few days, which has encouraged other youths to fall into this evil trap.
If the state is lagging behind and not moving forward in many areas, it should give responsibility to the people.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Co-Owners' Forum (MSCCOMDF) has filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) before the Supreme Court last month. Court, through experienced lawyers Yoginder Handoo, UP Yobin and Saurabh Sharma, to express their dissatisfaction with the order of the National Green Tribunal (Principal Bench) issued on 31st July
Furthermore, the village should ask for the cost of the coal mines, the coal owners who operate the coal mines or the village money because it should take precautionary measures. The residents, the villagers, the children, the children, the livestock who have to walk every day to these places where these coal mines are located.
This visit of the children to the village helped them to see and understand the community based tourism sector.
This was announced by Bah D.Khongngaiñ, Secretary Dorbar Shnong Mawprem.
Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was the chief guest and James K Sangma, Minister of Information and Public Relations, was the chief guest. Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and other State Government officials.
The four arrested are Amit Mog (29) of Panisagar North District Tripura, Rajesh Kumar Keang (33) of West Tripura, Babu Mog (38) of Panisagar North District Tripura and Sanjit Debarma (42). ) and West Tripura.
Bah Sawkmie said this at the meeting of the work order, the issuance of shuki for the construction of village houses under the MLA scheme, the issuance of top syntek and the distribution of nep syaid to Lumheh, the village of I'm newly born in Mawsiatkhnam.
However, what we find is that in addition to spending phone bills to talk, which costs 90-15 tyngka per minute, the recipients of the message are asked to win if they want to win. of them should send money as explained to them.
The meeting also elected JJ Lyngkhoi as the new Vice President and Manbhabok Kharraswai as the new Finance Secretary of MSSASA Sengkmie.
He also urged the MeECL department to take action on this issue as the people are affected by the electricity shortage and especially these months are the months when the students are studying. They are preparing for the Selection Test of SSLC and HSSLC and without electricity, students find it difficult to read their textbooks, he added.
“All Zonal Education Officers under the Department of Education, Manipur have been directed to inform everyone about this and take appropriate action,” the order said.
The people know who is cheating whom and who is stealing money from the NPP-led Government,” said Marak.
Furthermore, there are contractors who have been slow and slow in their performance of the contract works awarded by the KHADC because there is too much mismanagement by the employees there, until they don't benefit anymore when they get the contracts. bill when the kit is delivered.
These containment areas include the BSF Campus at Umpling, Nongrah Donktieh, Dongkamon at Nongmynsong, Chinapatty, Malki Point, Riat Bharat Nongshiliang, Lower New Colony, Dongsait Compound near Sankardev Girls Hostel, Rilbong Nepali Compound, New Kench. Goenka Compound near Containment Beat House, Jhalupara Community Hall, Sweepers Colony Mawlonghat, Central Bishnapur and Lower Mawprem.
Shillong – 1As a fellow citizen of the state and the country and as a pastor I have a great responsibility to send you this message before you click on the button or shon in the form of electing your MLA and the state today 27th February 2023 to be your legislator, lawyer, leader for five years as follows:- How do you establish a person to become an MLA? Because you have a relationship, because he helps with money, because he helps with your needs, because he can give you a scheme, no it doesn’t! The Bible says, “Select out of all the people men of understanding, men who fear God, men of righteousness, men who hate wickedness; and thou shalt appoint them captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds, and captains of fifties, and captains of tens.
The meeting was conducted by Poimon Laloo, Wahd Sahsniang Saitthad (B) and speeches were delivered by DYmbon, Wahhhd Sahsniang-A, Rev. ECH Passah, Gilbert Sten and Habahun Dkhar MDC. 13-Saphai Constituency.
On the demand of Process to the EM in charge of the budget to resign, Pynshngaiñ said that it depends on his leadership as CEM. In the House, Pynshngaiñ said that it is his duty to speak to the CEM if that is the case. crane inside the court.
Ma Vincent H Pala MP from the state was also with the group.
However, despite the delay of more than six months, the contractor has not completed about 2 kilometers of the road.
We strongly condemn such bloody acts in Manipur,” said the petition.
So that we can protect the entire population of the state from this disease.
Bah Sawkmie expressed his happiness that he still has the opportunity to work with the village officials.
Speaking to reporters, Pala denied the statement of the Prime Minister that the Congress party has many groups, saying, “The Congress party does not have many groups, because the Congress party does not have many groups. you are one".
Speaking on the partnership, Rikant Pittie, Co-Founder, EaseMyTrip, said, “This exclusive partnership of ours will continue to provide more specialized services to Vi users and ensure that booking tickets will be easy and convenient for them through the Vi app.
The handball match was fierce in the final where the participants showed their strength to win the tournament.
Nongpoh: The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District together with officers from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB), today visited Umduba village in Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, to hold a ' The Public Hearing was held after groups protested against the re-approval of Uranus Stone Product & Co.
The program was choreographed by Bah Goldenstar Suchiang, a famous actor from Meghalaya.
Guwahati will host nine matches including North East United FC vs Shillong Lajong, which is also the first club to play in the tournament.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that a player who has been tested can contest from any party because the party is only a party.
“As those people should not be able to live freely on earth, the law should impose rules and regulations on such incidents, so that these same incidents will not happen. I'm not going to be able to do anything again.
“The voters of Tura will not only vote for Conrad Sangma but for the Chief Minister and your votes will affect the entire State and benefit others.
The death toll has risen to
Salaries on or before November 4, 2022.
On the 7th July, these persons were identified and arrested from Khlieh Shnong Malki and another person was also identified and police arrested him from Malki last night.
“We cannot refuse to lodge a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) after the garbage has been left over since 4th June which has been difficult to look at and has caused damage,” said Ma Alan Niangti president. The union while talking to reporters on Tuesday.
The protest was held before the start of the Board Meeting of MTDCL at the State Convention Centre.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will listen and respect the feelings of the people of Mawlai and will not send police to patrol on the anniversary of the death of Mawlai. Mr. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
It is the birth of man once again.
The backlash against the BJP leaders continues and we demand that the money should be released immediately to the people who are entitled to benefit,” said Marak.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the HPC leaders held at the Secretariat, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong said, “Today we have held a some important consultations regarding the issue displaces these Harijan families.
When asked about the BJP's many allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Kharkrang said, “The leaders in the state wanted to withdraw from the government, but they didn't. The leaders of the central government in their wisdom, feel that if the party is still in the government they can still run the government rather than leaving the government alone”.
The union also strongly alleged that the government has been too biased in relation to the electricity supply to the people, the MeECL department does not forgive even during the examinations of the school children. There is no leader from MDC, MLA and MP who doesn't talk about the lack of electricity in the area. Not only the electricity supply to the area, but also the electricity supply. and the way of development is the same.
These ambulances were also launched today thanks to the hard work of the leaders of the group under the leadership of Bah Isynei Hinge President along with the members who have a strong mind to work to serve the community. like the sons of Samla, who are still young.
I thank God who sent His Son Jesus Christ to forgive my sins by faith in Him. The question now for me and for all of us is, IS THIS FORGIVENESS AMONG US? IS THIS FORGIVENESS IN YOUR FAMILY? IS THIS FORGIVENESS IN YOUR CHURCH? IS THIS MAP AVAILABLE IN YOUR COMMUNITY? AND FINALLY IS THIS FORGIVENESS AVAILABLE IN US INDIVIDUALLY? THE ANSWER IS YOUR OWN AND YOUR LORD.
Therefore, as an MP, I have fought and advocated in Parliament for the needs of the people in the state and what is the basis on which the NPP stands and that is to provide the best service to the people. , he added.
The Dorbar Shnong is held once a year, except in case of emergency, and at this dorbar various village affairs and the report of expenditure are discussed.
Nongpoh, Nailur 23: It is an honor and joy not only for the University of Science and Technology, Khanapara in Ri Bhoi District to receive the Aadhvika National Award from one of the Public Relation Officers of USTM. 2023 will also be the glory and fame of Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole.
Finally, I would like to request here that we should reform our electoral system by electing our leader by carefully considering his education, statesmanship quality and character, help of him to the people, and so on.
This is also the first time that the forward has won the award and a personal trophy after winning the FPAI Indian Player of the Year award recently. this year.
The city of Jowai, as usual every year, has welcomed the New Year with a festive dance with songs in different villages and various games with born fire.
“Meghalaya is a small state compared to other states in the country like Uttar Pradesh, therefore, in order for the state to reach the pinnacle of victory and development, we have to ensure that we can produce intelligent citizens so that they can contribute to the development of the State,” said the CM. Country.
The Football Committee has announced that on Thursday, Nongkynjang SC will play against Mawkhlam SC at 12:05 pm while in the Super Division, Nongpyndeng SS&CC will play against Mawkhlam SC. They will play against Pyndengrei SCSC at 2 pm.
Jowai, November 02 : The Minister of C&RD, Hamletson Dohling, together with the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, SC Sadhu, IAS, Director, C&RD, BS Sohliya, IAS , DC Jowai and other Government Officers of the District and Sub-Divisional Officers today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Block Complex.
A child does not understand the words of the prophets because he does not have the power to understand like an adult.
It is to be recalled that this family has recently lost their house in a fire in the past few days.
Subrahmanyam Jaishankar – Minister of External Affairs12.
Nongpoh: Due to the lack of assistance from the disasters in the past years, the residents of Umtyrnga and especially those who have suffered severe disasters, have rejected and expressed their sorrow to those people who have been affected by the disasters. come to shondur their damage.
Regarding the 2019 MP elections, NPP leader James K Sangma said he could not comment on the UDP's joint candidate proposal for Shillong and Tura in the upcoming MP elections. last year.
According to the treatment of anxiety, it is an early sleep during which a person sleeps on time but may wake up two hours earlier than usual.
At the Dorbar Bah on the 30th, which was attended by more than 10,000 people from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills, decisions were announced to implement the VAB, among others.
If there are others, don't worry, you have learned because NEHU is designed for the tribals who are called riew khlaw.
Bah Mawrie said the renaming of Central Government schemes and the renaming of Central Government grants is only to mislead the people.
If these demands are not met, the union and the village leaders will have to think of a step to take to persuade the police or the government authorities to take action on this issue.
The Amendment Bill is to increase the salaries and other allowances of Ministers, Speakers, Parliamentary Secretaries, Opposition Leaders and Members of the Legislative Assembly.
Then they performed the ritual of writing to clarify the name of the tribe before the Man of God and blessed them to learn quickly, and to be strong while they were stirring and stirring on the ground. the Mei Ramew, and to build the house of the old man.
Two of the men begin touching the boy, while the other touches the girl.
Inspection by Rupang revealed that the residents of the area use the India-Bangladesh border road from Tamabil, Rhongkum, Amlympiang, Amdoh, Amsku and others to Mutakpur. They said that the road which they use is bad and filled with snow and which has caused a lot of trouble to the people who use this road.
Besides, Revd.Lyngdoh, said that the state is now overrun with corruption which has become a great shame and it is for all to turn to God in prayer.
On the day of the hearing, the Syiem of Sohra did not respond to his allegations, according to newspapers.
It is not useful to sleep when the sun is late.
The MLA led these officers to the village to explain to the people of the village about the implementation of government schemes which have been allocated to the village in preparation for the reception of the village. Synod Prayer.
He said that in government departments where many Khasi are employed in those offices, the government will have to fill them with Garo until the number of employees is equal between Khasi and Garo.
The championship includes sparring and demonstration of form. The categories are for individuals and groups divided into age and weight categories.
The Blood Donation Cell of the Seng would like to congratulate all the members of the Seng who have taken part in this blood donation and believe that through this blood donation of theirs it will be a blessing to many. precious human souls who can receive help through this blood.
Human consideration is essential during the transportation of agricultural products and also at the market places.
At the same time, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his deep sorrow over the involvement of the Director of Higher and Technical Education, CCM Mihsil and the Joint Director of the same department who will retire at the end of this year. month, on charges of involvement in the employment of their own children.
Shillong: The Nongjri Dorbar Shnong, Ranikor Civil Sub Division, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday decided not to allow anyone to enter and leave the village from the 28th of this month. November 2020 to 2nd January
“This site has been selected to build a shelter for these people.
Shillong, Lber 29: Jaylynn Marak scored 96 runs for seven wickets for South Garo Hills by beating Tura District Cricket Association in Zone 2 of the tournament. The U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at Nongalbibra, South Garo Hills on Tuesday.
Lawanrikupar Kharmujai of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Athlete in the boys under 16 category.
“It's not time for me to leave,” they were surprised at the house.
This is the wish of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep.
When asked whether the teachers have no confidence in the government, Babu Mayborn said that as in the work of a husband and wife, there is a lot of conflict, so it is with the teachers. Mynthi waiting for her husband to return home is exactly the relationship between the teachers and the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Raja Brahma, ADC Ribhoi, said that sports should be one of the most important issues in the lives of us people especially for the youth who are still in school. .
She said that the aganwadi centers provide Supplementary Nutrition to children under 6 years of age, poor and pregnant women and breastfeeding girls. young people who have dropped out of school to avoid anemia and at the same time she encouraged them to eat healthy foods that can be obtained from the gardens so that they can be healthy. because the income growth in the village and the country as a whole depends on the health of the family.
He said that if the head of the department is responsible, Meghalaya does not need to buy electricity from outside the state, as there are many power supplies in the state.
A strong earthquake struck Athens, the capital of Greece, this afternoon, according to reports.
In the senior category, Meghalaya is fortunate to have seen the participation of the best and most famous athletes, including the 2 Padma Shri award winners, five Arjuna award winners, five Olympic champions and 36 others who have represented the country in many countries. the world's biggest shooting tournaments.
The names of the players selected for Phase II include Wanlanm Shani Hoojon (Nongstoin), Filandjost Marngar (Nongstoin), Josef Mcvans Marbaniang (Nongstoin), Chwamiki Sariang (Mawryngkneng), Johnstarfill. Marwein (Mawthadraishan), Winston Khoingsit (Mawpat), Jakkop Chudoang G Momin (Rongram), Sankyrpang Marbaniang (Mawryngkneng), Evenazer Snaitang (Mylliem), Andy Sohkhlet (Nongstoin), Bantiplang K Bani (Nongstoin), Wanshankiosto Syiemlieh), (Nongstoin), (Nongstoin) Chevinson Marngar (Mawthadraishan), Recanson Lyngdoh (Nongstoin), Traningbrith M Sangma (Rongram), Kitborlang Sohtun (Pynursla), Lanangshngain Kharbyngar (Mawryngkneng), Danielson Majaw (Pynursla), Eril G Momin (Ronryng Lyngneng), Mebanshingriho Tengsako Ch Sangma (Rongram), Esleyan D Sangma (Rongram), Salchu-Namkam M Sangma (Rongram), Sebastin M Sangma (Dadengre), Banskhembok Warshong (Mawryngkneng), Pangsan D Shira (Rongram), Bian Chigrik R Marak (Rongram) , Moringstar Shylla (Mawpat), Sengman M Marak (Dadengre), Jrangkim M Marak (Dadengre), Kynshanlang Kharumnuid (Mawryngkneng), Biande A Sangma (Rongram), Adnarittim K Sangma (Rongram), Riborsing Suting (Mawkhynrew), Pynskhemwahlang Wahlang Mawpat), Remiky Melliem Pdah (Mawpat), Philaniewkorshisha Lyngkhoi (Nongstoin), Jeanl Bronar Mylliem Pdah (Mawpat), Ibadondor Nongsiej (Nongstoin), Eliciana Ibaphiker Lyngdoh (Mawpat), Seagaljronar Mylliem (Mawpat), Ibanyng(Oliwngvia) Kharsyntiew (Nongstoin), Willcyrose Syiemiong (Nongstoin), Swetty Mary L.Kynshi (Mylliem), Yana Rikberik N Sangma (Rongram), Shairiti Kharjana (Mylliem), Monjurlang Shyrmang (Mawryngkneng), Iohtilang Mawkhiew (Mawrymenkhrengkhem), Lynsheynkhrengkhem ), Ibansharai Sohshang (Mawthadraishan), Dahunmika Khriam (Pynursla), Philabianghun Kharmunuid (Mawryngkneng), Shildahun Kharumnuid (Mawpat), Kandafira Nongrum (Nongstoin),  Ribhashisha Nongrum (Mawryngkneng), Dahunshisha ISanshishan Sanweidrangbai (Romshidrangbai) ), Darikordor Nongspung (Mawryngkneng), Philawanri Nongbet (Mylliem).
At the hearing, there was a plea from the lawyers of the state government to amend the decision to ban the mining of coal, but the plea did not succeed, as the NGT did not agree to reverse this decision.
The number of cases of Omicron has risen to 3,17,532 and 9,287 have been confirmed, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“All of them receive a salary of 10,000 to 15,000 tyngka per month.
The minds of man have been locked by the powers of Satan, the powers of religion and the powers of this world, man is in a state of wonder, the minds of man have been locked by the evil one, the Word of God is the key. to open the way to the path of all truth is why God says – That if you know the Truth, the truth of the Word of God will deliver you from the powers of the darkness of sin and Satan.
When the Single Window Agency issues a permit, it only looks at the sale deed or the land purchase certificate and does not require the knowledge of the Rangbah Shnong, Syiem Raid or Syiem Hima.
According to the 1981 Census, the Dkhars in Shillong outnumbered the Khasi in Shillong.
College students, school children, people from rural areas and other places from Khasi, Jaintia, Bengali, Nepali and others will come to welcome Modi.
There will also be a ceremony to honor the elders of the Kur who have reached the age of 80 years and above.
He said that earlier, when the market was full, the demand for cows was about 3000 cows per month, but now the demand is 1500 cows and less than 2000 cows per month.
“Ale noh kein..." she called. Then they went into the house with the mother, because she was afraid of her mistake, and she put a stick of fire in the fire to cook.
After receiving clear information that the government cannot repeal the bill until the dorbar, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Robert Kharjahrin, said that the HYC will continue to protest. before urging the government to repeal the Ordinance.
“Before I left the UDP party which I have been in for 15 years, I had a good meeting with my supporters and they also expressed their confidence that they will support my decision. "he added.
The highest number of contacts was once with 11 cases, the longest absence of contacts was 1 month and 9 days and the lowest number of contacts was one. This is for the seventh time, according to public information collected by Rupang and provided by D Kharpuri, Public Information Officer and Deputy Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
“It is worth mentioning that the same problem and allegation regarding the shortage of kilos of ration, is not only in this village, but perhaps it can happen also in every FPS Dealer of the District and in The Vigilance Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai East Jaintia Hills District request and urge the relevant government authorities to resolve and investigate thoroughly on this issue so that it will not affect them. ration distribution in the state,” said the statement.
Prestone said that during the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) which will become the CAA (CAA), The MDA-1 government has met with the Prime Minister and other central government leaders and said that as Meghalaya has the seventh state, the CAA has been released. What happened in 2018-19, to show or fight against the CAB now the CAA, has been carried with a sword and ryntieh, to not allow the government to pass the CAB, we have gathered all the leaders of I remember under the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, while Dr. Donkupar Roy was still alive, we took a decision at Hotel Taj and went to Delhi. The Government of India has said that since Meghalaya has a seventh schedule, the CAB should be released and another, when Find out how many percent of the land in the seventh category falls under the seventh category, except 3 percent.
KOLKATA: In these days of unemployment and the urgency of the government to send injections to the people, the West Bengal government has a better strategy and that is the long to inject people into the market.
Before the start of the budget session, the motion of no confidence in the EC was moved by NPP MDC from Rambrai, Bah Bajop Pyngrope and supported by 17 MDCs including the NPP and Congress.
Poor roads in the city, rural towns, villages as well as highways maintained by the state government, inadequate drainage, lack of street lights on the roads, unstable structures and and others are jjngduna.
Referring to Conrad's visit to South Tura constituency, John Leslee said, “They want to destroy everything, they do things that their party or the people don't know. They arrange for themselves only what they feel is right and do it.
The teacher said that the members of the Academic Council do not want to talk about the suspension of the NEP but about the urgent need to correct the mismanagement.
When we look back at the past, our Khasi people have lived in darkness compared to other people, because our Khasi people don't know how to read and write. now.
“It is not the political parties who are lying but it is Mukul who is lying to the people because he ordered to set up a committee without implementing its recommendation.
Thomas A Sangma filed his nomination papers before the Commissioner Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon at the Assembly Secretariat and was accompanied by NPP MLAs. The meeting will be held on the 9th of June.
Since the death of his father, he has had to leave his household even at a young age.
The banners also read that Bengalis should stop the violence against the people of Mizoram, Tripura and Meghalaya.
Furthermore, Bah Tariang said that the reason why these drug users are willing to use drugs in this area is because there is a garbage dump.
The deadline for registration is on the 20th, the deadline for registration is 5.30pm on the 24th and the starting time is 6.30pm.
Besides the traditional dances and performances, there was also a performance by the children and a souvenir for the leaders of the party.
“If you look at the constituency, you can say that it has improved but if you look back at the Headquarters, it is still lagging behind including the lack of roads, water supply and other development works. My goal is to find ways to improve and beautify it.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U MLA of Nongthymmai, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, has slammed the government for the power outage which has affected the working methods of the people especially during the examination period.
The Chief Secretary was accompanied by his wife and Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the safest places for the French were in northern Assam and Tripura, as well as in Ri Khasi because they had decided to settle and establish the capital of the state of Assam.
We know that in ancient times in the Old Testament, God sent prophets to Israel to tell them about all these things. Prophets like Amos, Uzziah, Jeremiah and others used to speak and prophesy. against the children of Israel.
Nujorki Sungoh MLA of Mowkaiaw and former Organizing Secretary of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) said that in the 50 years of its history, the JSU has been able to establish a Blood Bank and an MBoSE Cell. you are in Jowai.
Munda has contested the Assembly elections twice from Hatia constituency and the mid-term elections from Mandar constituency.
Shillong: The promise to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a district on the 15th of this month has remained in force as the state is still being hit by the second phase of Covid-1 This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today.
If this is the case, those who are affected are the children.
At the same time, he said that fish production has increased slightly since the introduction of the Aquaculture Mission in the state from 4000 metric tonnes to 8000 metric tonnes.
Shillong, July 07: The Joint Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, HK Marak, on Tuesday said that milk and cow meat do not have any harmful effect on the health of human beings. wash the milk before you drink, and the meat before you eat.
The project will start in 2045, when children will be born, who will live in space.
The ceremony was also attended by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka Puramon Kynjing and other invitees.
The Act includes the Mid Day Meal, PDS in which 75% of the ration distribution has been allocated for implementation in rural areas and 50% in urban areas.
Speaking to Mawphor, he said that the elderly man fell into the pond on the 3rd of November 2022 at about 2 pm, while he was drowning in the middle of the river. Beholden Dkhar immediately rushed to the scene of the incident.
Such a thing is terrible," he added.
Another decision was to change the name of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and replace it with the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (UKHADC).
Regarding the reopening of schools in the state, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday, 19th July 2021, said that the Government will take the decided weeks to decide to reopen schools.
N.Marwein said the party has not yet issued a letter of expulsion to Bah Nongsiej but the action of Bah Nongsiej to join the PDF without consulting the party workers is against the party. the party's constitution.
“This incident in Balakhawa shows that this government has surrendered to the Assam government, how can the Assam police arrest people at will in Meghalaya and register a case in another state? “This is illegal and against the Constitution of the country,” said Dr Mukul.
The report also said that the Secretary, Mining & Geology Department of Meghalaya and the management of Coal India Limited have handed over to Justice Katakey that the final decision on the new plan to transport and auction the coal will be taken. and it shall be counted and verified, and shall be completed within ten days.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: A woman identified as Metilda Marshillong, 38, of Riangpoit Thymmai village near Risiang village, West Khasi Hills, has been raped and killed by robbers on Sunday. the second of the month in one of the forest areas in the village.
“The department will now ensure that the price comes in accordance with the price set by the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers to assist the farmers,” he said in a statement.
Informing on this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the incident in Manipur has brought to a halt the government's intention to start talks with the HNLC. “The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has been busy with various departments in Manipur and has caused a lot of trouble on this,” he said after the opening of the Cabinet meeting today.
Regarding this incident, the villagers of Amjok, have expressed their sorrow, because such incidents of theft by bike riders happen from time to time in this area, where it is still recently, a man was robbed of more than T.2 lakh.
The Minister also expressed the hope that in this second phase, the state will get many villages in the Langpih area.
How can you pray to God to remove the disease?
He said that 2 percent of the loan will be paid by the state government especially for farmers who borrow from banks through the KCC, and for those who pay 9 percent of the loan.
In the men's category, Johny Nongrum won the gold medal, Wallamkupar and Banshem Pathaw won the silver medal and Kyrshanlang Dkhar won the bronze medal. he won the Rnong Medal.
At that moment, Bah Ardent stood up from his seat and pointed to Bah Process that he should not stand alone in the House.
Shillong: The former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that many of the leaders who have been accused on social media are painful to look at. The only thing is that the youth should remember that if they want to make any contribution to the nation, they must accept those accusations of persecution to build a strong foundation.
Panah had already decided in his heart to stay with Rida that night... He did everything he could to seduce and deceive her.
Warning those who are still making allegations against him, Bah Sutnga said, “I would like to say that the allegations are like misleading many churches and from now on such allegations will continue. they should no longer exist and if they still exist I will not take another legal action.
Shillong: One of the robbers was arrested at Tapa Market on Saturday evening and police rushed to the scene and arrested him. to the accused and to the victim.
Shillong, July 15 : Prominent lawyer Finela Lyngdoh Nonglait on Monday announced that she is ready to contest the MP elections from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). ) of Shillong Parliamentary seat.
In the meeting with the Engineer, the Head of Government said that the PWD department has not done anything on this request of the union, as this bridge was constructed by the National High Authority of India (NHAI). .
The service of mothers is the most important of all.
Allen Nongbri (12) and Knerktilang Buam (73, 90) scored the goals for Tariang FC.
It is better to search for yourself, mother, you will always find it because you know people,” said the son. mother.
Mayborn, who lives in Nongmensong, will contest against five-time MLA AL Hek, former MLA and incumbent MDC PN Syiem, Rocky Hek of the NPP. Speaking at the meeting, Samla, who also hosts a political talk show on Doordarshan Shillong, said that the people are happy and pleased to receive the blankets at the right time. elections.
Hek said he could not say whether the illness of these four brothers from Lawsohtun was caused by the food.
Migrate : means to move from one place to another to live.
Bueaty said she will not support her brother, but will support the Congress candidate, Bah SW Osborne Kharjana in the 2023 elections.
Police have alleged that the TMC leader used forged documents to accuse Modi.
“In terms of campaigning for the MP election, I have been quick to listen and look at the concerns of the residents so that I can work as an MP,” she added.
In the compound category, Assam won four gold and one bronze medals, while Manipur won two gold, three silver and two bronze medals.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The NGT has re-allowed the transportation of coal in Meghalaya for eight months. They will be able to complete the remaining coal.
He said that during these two days, the traditional dances of various Raids of Ribhoi will be performed including the Pliang Shad, the Dung Konar Shad, the Rah Kynthei Shad, the Kynrup Khla Shad and the Dumahi Shad. the Mikir Raid.
“We are very worried because there are no police from our state in this area while on the other hand there are police from Assam.
We must not allow any invaders to disrupt the peace and order in the state,” he added.
The tympew is planted at a distance of about 1 1/2 feet in these rows.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The National People's Party (NPP) today urged the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to take care of the rules and regulations. They also demanded that the government should immediately remove the advertisement calling for applications from foreigners for jobs in Meghalaya.
They can sell and buy that goodness.
Shillong: U Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh, resident of Lummawbah Block-3, Upper Shillong, has been missing since 1st October The body of this man was found from the Umshyrpi Bridge at about 2 pm on Tuesday.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 963 and in East Khasi Hills,
There is only one case registered and prosecuted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) against the leaders of the party including Chairman Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary Saiñkupar. Farmer.
In the Senior Men +67kg category, Anand Chetri of Arunachal Pradesh won the gold medal, Prasujya Gogoi of Assam won the silver medal and Jailamphang Kharkongor of Meghalaya and Ratnadeep Bhattacharjee of Meghalaya won the bronze medal. Tripura.
Here I will wait with my daughter.
When asked whether Julius will join the Congress party now that he is working with the Congress-led government, Julius Dorphang said, “I have not taken a decision yet, I will see first.
Therefore, I, Arun Pathak, offer a reward of T.1 crore to anyone who can behead those who killed Tiwari.
Therefore, in order to assist in the development of sports in the area, the MLA and MDC of Jirang Constituency, have also promised that they are ready to work together to meet the needs of the sports activities. youngsters who really have that dreamed of progressing in sports careers.
Mathura: Hema Malini, MP from Mathura constituency from the BJP, said she was happy with the presence of her husband today.
On 13th October, the new Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma, personally inspected the construction of the Assembly and said that the companies have been ordered to clean up the lyngkhot lyngkai. the collapse of the Dome on the 15th of June.
The HSPDP has Bah KP Pangniang, President and other leaders, including Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin who is the joint candidate of these parties.
Thursday, June 01: About 2216 households in Mawthadraishan Constituency have received assistance under the MLA Scheme of the MLA Mawthadraishan for the year 2021-2
“We appreciate what the Meghalaya government intends to do for our people in the sweeper's colony,” said the MP.
Many of us are sad these days that this is happening, we just have enough to eat.
“If the government continues to hand over these health centers to the organizations, we will close down the PHC,” he said.
He said that hopefully this Kopati Puja which has been completed this year will bring prosperity to all the people of Raliang District.
It is the first company to set up an international BPO in Shillong for the past two years.
The KHADC has sent a letter to the State Government regarding the MDC elections after the Union Cabinet's approval to amend the Sixth Schedule.
This book is about the new life in Jesus Christ.
The President said that when the country celebrates the struggle for independence, people remember the courage and patriotism of leaders and those other people who have participated in this campaign but have not been named.
The work should have gone according to the rules of procedure of Parliament, but they did not do so and they were suspended and there was nothing wrong with it.
On this occasion, there were Rangbah Shnongs and residents of the area, who wanted to attend the meeting, but it was learned that the village leaders and residents were not allowed to attend. The meeting was held between the district authorities of Ri Bhoi and West Karbi Anglong Assam.
“The idea of ​​implementing the Green Tax may be sufficient, but this is an issue that still needs to be discussed, not to be implemented,” he said.
Earlier, Arthur had nine wives, but last year, he divorced four of them and after that, he married Olinda Maria, 51 years old. Luana Kazaki, 27, Emelly Souza, 21, Valquíria Santos, 24, Olinda Maria, 51, Damiana, 23, and Amanda Albuquerque,
The mid-term elections were held after the death of Nasar Marwein MDC Langrin and Pius Marwein MLA Ranikor constituency won by 13821 votes in the general MDC election.
After the truck collided with his vehicle, the driver of the truck together with his friends threw a bomb and shot him until he died and looted another 25,000 rupees. tyngka, a mobile phone and other items inside the vehicle.
The other two are that the Government should continue to invest in the factory or should shut it down completely.
A pH of 4.6 to 5 indicates that the acid is still very strongly acidic. A pH of 5.1 to 5.5 means that the acid is still strongly acidic.
Daphiralin Jyrwa, without blaming anyone, expressed her regret that just because of the festival, the family has been destroyed and urged that those people who go to such festivals, they should see that such things do not happen again.
Mawkajem beat Lawsohtun by 3 goals.
We cannot ban anyone from taking or giving money, but the government can implement other measures to ensure that traffic jam is reduced.
Hollywood reports that the Kardashians were not invited to the 2023 Met Gala due to a dispute between the family and the Editor-in-Chief. Voque's Anna Wintour, who is also one of the judges of the Met Gala.
He said that it is necessary to change the leaders by looking at those who are educated and have a future for the future generation.
At the same time, he also appreciated the initiative taken by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society which has taken the lead in this campaign in the district with the support of the district authorities, health department and others. four groups who have been involved in making this campaign a success.
He also urged the Rangbah Shnongs, Village Leaders and the residents to continue this cleanliness campaign, as the government cannot achieve the goal of the Swachh Bharat Mission without the cooperation of the residents. and it is the duty of the citizens to work together with the government, so that this goal of the government will be successful and that the people will also benefit from health.
Women’s singles: E Avanesyan defeated B Bencic 6-3, 2-6, 6-4; K Pliskova beat S Stephens 0-6, 4-6; Svitolina beat M Trevisan 6-2, 6-2; V Gracheva beat D Gulf 6-4, 2-6, 6-1; K Cannabis won M Keys 1-6, 6-3, 1-6
Directed by Sarvesh Mewara, Kangana will play the role of one of the female Airforce officers.
Therefore, don't be afraid of those who have corona, don't worry too much that you have corona.
Because these rules need to be distributed to other departments, the court has approved them before approving them.
This partnership with the IBA and the Department of Posts represents an important step towards strengthening democracy by empowering citizens and providing them with information on their voting rights and responsibilities.
Shillong, November 12: The Mawlai Pyllun Women's Wing today honored three students who passed well in the SSLC examination
Besides, even on holidays, he gets paid exactly.
Thomas Jones was welcomed by a pious army officer who gave them accommodations, Captain Lewin.
To implement laws to protect water, rivers and surrounding areas.
During their inspection, they found that the bridge could collapse at any time and could cause serious damage to the people passing through the bridge.
Besides the flooding of the Service Road, the water has also entered the shops which has affected the shopkeepers in Nongpoh.
Informing that his party, the National People's Party (NPP) will take a decision on this issue, Conrad said that as a party they will soon convene a meeting.
At present, some of the students, who said that some of the students have been sent to pay college fees, despite the curfew in the state.
It is a great pity for everyone.
Besides, the union also urged the Minister to talk to the Government of India to help increase the benefits from the Central Government to all school teachers in the North East especially in the state. Meghalaya, which has experienced a sharp increase in the price of food items in the market and especially in education, has been affected by the dangle and also the leave for the workers when they are sick especially for the women.
The Leader of Opposition in the Kerala Assembly, VD Satheesan, on Tuesday requested the state government to declare an emergency on health. of the people in the area where there is a garbage dump, where it is said that the smoke will spread to other parts or districts in the state.
The faithful from Nongpoh Parish are requested to gather at Byrnihat Parish and go back to Nongpoh Parish.
Shillong, July 24: According to the list of candidates released by various parties, there are six MLAs who will contest the MDC election
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 40586 out of which 34867 have recovered and 704 have died.
Even in the same party, they cannot work together properly,” he said.
This decision was taken after the Deputy Commissioner, IAS, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, IAS together with the Additional Deputy Commissioner, SC Laloo, met with the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board JMB and told them. They have rejected the decision of the government which has promised them to get their rights before the 10th of November.
Thanks go to the leading health workers who have dedicated themselves to serve the people of the state in this fight against COVID-1
Therefore, these organizations demanded that the Branch Manager of the bank should take immediate action on this issue and talk to the authorities, so that these problems of the people can be resolved in the next few days. said.
In commemoration of the death anniversary of Pa Togan, a monument was erected at Chisobibra, the place where he died.
In 100 grams of nitrogen, there are about 64 grams of nitrogen.
They discussed the delivery of schemes of the CM from the Jal Jeevan Mission under the PHE department to the provision of drinking water and Saubhagya scheme.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Kara Chen Vice President of VPP. Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of other parties who attended the meeting said that the reason for the They don't want to join the VPP party because they see that only this party can lead the people and has no real foundation.
We must not blame God for what we have.
Under the CM-Elevate, the Government has provided 50% subsidy,” said Conrad in reply in the State Legislative Assembly.
“Forwardman said this at a rally demanding ILP and against CAA held at Iawmusiang, Jowai on Tuesday.
He spoke to reporters in Pune about the temples of Lord Ganesh around the places he visited, the source said.
Many of the Jews who have scattered to Europe and America have the faces and skins of those nations.
Regarding these items donated by the SBM, Bah Jason S.Mawlong, urged the residents of the village, to take good care of them and to feel like goods. straight.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leaders congratulated the new members of these two units.
Speaking of the Trinamool Congress, the party, which initially won up to 12 MLAs, seems to have decreased in number after reports that even those who have joined the party are planning to leave. Now.
“This MDA government has not taken action to meet the urgent needs of the people and for that reason the TMC will not refuse to help the people.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the state government has not yet received a reply from the Harijan Panchayat Committee. The deadline is the 10th of this month to respond to the complaint.
This surprise shows that man himself is never satisfied and that his desires never end.
However , what surprised the journalists was that before the meeting started , an announcement was made in the hall to invite the President , Secretary of the BJP Sohra Mandal to rise to the stage Former BJP Sohra Mandal President P. Nongrum and Vice President Hamlet Malngiang have been elected.
U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inspected the NH06 road at Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District, in the presence of Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs.
He said that many roads in Khasi and Jaintia Hills as well as in Garo Hills have been severely affected by the landslide and traffic has been stopped.
Sapna and Manoj Tiwari, BJP leader in Delhi.
And it came to pass, as God had said, so it was.
This was the reason why Rishot u païa, u tnum u tyndai to grow and develop in knowledge and thinking.
On the issues that the party will go to the people, he said that there are many issues, but one of the most important issues is the Reservation Policy, among others.
They will forget that the disease is still spreading.
Regarding the disappearance of the deceased, the relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station.
Shillong, July 10: The Seng Khasi (SBUK) on Thursday signed a memorandum of understanding with the Fraternity Arts Cine Entertainment Shillong (FACES) at Shillong Press Club, Shillong. Khasi drama performances are held not only in the states of India but also abroad.
Police said that Om had confessed to using a small gun which he had bought online and surprisingly, he was the one who informed the police on Sunday morning. When asked who was involved in the case, Om replied that it was probably him.
The prize money for the winners will be 5,000 tyngka for the first place, 3,000 tyngka for the second place and 2,000 tyngka for the third place including a consolation prize of 1,000 tyngka for the runners. those over 50 years of age who can finish quickly in the race.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the meeting, Bah AL Hek said that today is the first time that hundreds of people have attended the meeting.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali, one of the most talented filmmakers, has tested positive for covid-1
When we look at the example of families or even in society and especially as a church, why are they divided? It is because they don't have unity or misunderstanding.
He urged them to monitor and maintain the water sources and to report to the office if there are any complaints related to the water quality so that the water will be safe to use because of the water we use. Every day for the purpose of cleaning, cleaning, washing and others should be clean to avoid all kinds of diseases.
It is impossible to imagine that Meghalaya was given and accepted blindly without knowing the border until now.
Mawlai, who are also unbeaten in both seasons of the Women's League, scored the third goal through Marbarin Nongrum (57'). one of a fellow competitor.
Shillong, Nailur 11: It is a heartbreaking moment for those who have lived in poverty for many decades, but now at 9pm, they have had to leave and pay their last respects to The Motphran Bridge, which has been covered with signs all around the Motphran Bridge, means that from tomorrow, no one will be able to sell clothes. , to walk, to stand, but only to look at the bridge, which was about to collapse in a few days.
In this article, Bah Joy said that the Assam government has leased the coal mines in the Sohra Hima by giving lease to the Ropeway Company for the coal mines of Sai Nongbet, Mawphan Bamon, Mawmarji, Lait Dewlieh etc. in the year
Shillong, November 17: The first semi final of the 2nd Division Football League 2023 of the Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) on Saturday ended with Pohkseh SC beating Pohkseh SC. reach the final.
Anyone who finds or sees this child is requested to inform the SP office or phone at 9774065467/03652-220050/8
Furthermore, after the decline in the spread of Covid-19, the government will soon revive a project that has already started and this is the 'Mission Football', in which This project will be implemented in all training centers or grassroots centers across the state.
The office of the Superintendent of Police (SSP) has conducted a public awareness program on Road Safety for truck drivers in Nongtalang village.
However, according to the explanation, the appearance on social media has been a disgrace and an insult to the entire community and unless the producer or the questioner comes with a picture to have a discussion first. and the Dorbar Shnong has gone one way because as the village itself knows all these things.
He said the issuance of this EO is to prevent MUDA from encroaching on the Council's land.
Tura, Jymmang 29 : The Garo people are rich in music, dance and traditional customs and traditions. but not everyone can do that except for a few and one of them is Dewal M Sangma from Rombagre.
Patra said the BJP is the only political party in the country that has fulfilled its promises.
She said that according to the information that the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, the Government of India through the Special Accelerated Road Development Program for North East (SARDP-NE) to upgrade the Nongstoin-Pambriew-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road to two lane, The purpose of this road is for the improvement of the road for the mining of uranium from Mawthawbah area.
Similarly, in Ri-Bhoi, we expected to get 1-3 seats, but we didn't think in Ri-lum Khasi,” he said.
Nongstoiñ FT also struggled to turn the tide in the 21st minute after scoring the first goal of the match. Sunshiness Dkhar scored the first goal of the match and with this goal the two teams were in the middle of the match until the end of the first half.
From history we see that this member of the Constituent Assembly of the Indian Dominion Government has put in these words – district of Khasi Hills embraced 25 Native States most of which had treaty rights with the Suzerain power in Delhi.
On this occasion, several members of the JSU Ummulong Unit, in the presence of the President of the JSU Samla Jersom and the General Secretary of the JSU Ummulong Unit, gave speeches of encouragement and encouragement to the new members. Treibor R Suchen also received a welcome speech from the Assistant Education Secretary of the party, Dewan C Bareh while the members were sworn in by the President of the party.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai has also submitted a memorandum to the Deputy Commissioner and through this memorandum, the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai has requested the Deputy Commissioner to make arrangements for the construction of a new Dorbar Hall. The Secretary of Pamrakmai Village, Mr. Wellson.
Shillong, Lber, 19: A woman kidnapped from Umkiang village in East Jaintia Hills District has been rescued by the Assam Police on Saturday.
The ASHA workers in the state under the banner of the Meghalaya Accredited Social Activist Workers' Union (MASHAWU) on Tuesday decided to continue their indefinite strike to protest against the injustice of the ASHA workers. the State Government in relation to the demand for an increase in salary or honorarium for them.
In the field of education, there are only LP schools and a few UP schools.
Shillong, Nailar 9: A man named Dao Shullai, 38, has stabbed his wife, Khlurkari Kurbah, near a petrol pump in Upper Shillong on the 7th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate for Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang on Tuesday said that the main issue that he has set a target to accomplish in this election is if the The people have also allowed him to get a Sub Civil Division for Mawsynram and to improve the road from Mawngap to Balat.
Thus, the attempt can fail if the voice is not heard in the community and it is difficult to change the minority of candidates; that too, it is not certain to receive the victory.
Time is running out and it is for this reason that the parties in the State are ready to find the right candidates to win more MLAs to form a government, either by one party or by a coalition of two. or three parties, as happened to the MDA government in
Nongstoiñ, June 10: In the last four years since Bah Witting Mawsor was not elected as the leader of the party, the leaders and supporters of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PPP) Mawshynrut Constituency, have been in mourning. Witting Mawsor said he is in doubt whether he will fight again or not.
If students are detained for the Selection Test at their school, they will not be able to take the Final Exam of MBOSE. Many affiliated schools have now conducted their Selection Tests to select the students who are eligible to compete in the MBOSE. who else should be detained?
However, on the other hand, according to the Niti Aayog's North Eastern Region District Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Index, which measures the performance of the North Eastern Region on many issues, She said that Meghalaya is still on a low path on gender equality.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has opened the door for athletes from Russia and Belarus to take part in the Paris Olympics in June this year. pyr-khing, including the inability to obtain the shap of their country.
The Government of India must understand that the collection of money is not easy and to collect money, whether it is 100,000 or 100,000 rupees, will be very difficult. also those who calculate that their money will be used in times of illness or in times of old age and so on; However, if it is left in this form, it will be a violent destruction of the self and this will lead to suicide, depression, anxiety and many other problems.
The meeting was conducted by Babu Sonbolding Kharwanniang, Asst Prof. Department of Economics.
The wicked have their bodies covered with bullets.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that 43 tests have been conducted at Barpeta Medical College and 22 of them have been negative.
Chief Guest, Resource Person and Welcome Speech was delivered by Samla Ibalarilang Khongsni to all those who attended the programme.
They can be self-help organizations for women and fathers to receive training so that they can act as helpers to child caregivers and can also teach them. viewers of some of the roles they can play at home to increase children's understanding of various topics and build the child holistically.
Like other Khasi householders, their brothers and sisters who have children and hands are not allowed to call themselves wai.
Therefore, the political system in the 21st century does it require the people of God to leave the comfort zone of the church and contest the election. of the year
The Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Byrnihat, which is run by the Capuchin Fathers, has been serving for decades to promote the education of the children. Science stream is not available for students in this district.
Furthermore, vehicles coming through Rangthong-Mawmerang village will park at Nonglang village at Mawleiñ School Compound and those coming from War Photjaud-Hillland will park along Tewbah road to Synrang a little below the church venue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President said that the union was established on 07/03/2020, but although it was established recently, they have started a small business by helping them. This is the first time that the union has started a small business.
Meghalaya officials received Bangladesh officials at Orchid Lake Resort in Umiam.
At the same time, he thanked the villagers who have given their constant support in collaboration with the Forest Department for the protection of the forests and wildlife.
“For my part, I say that the shortcomings of Conrad K Sangma and Prestone Tynsong are still worse than the presidential rule and Modi,” he said.
Of these, 97.7 million are foreigners who have entered China.
“Therefore, according to my information and according to the statement of the Chief Minister, we from the government will take strict action and we will ensure that no jobs in any form will be allowed,” she said. He added that it is not true that he doesn't need anything but because he has other reasons.
The Ministers included AL Hek, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh, Comingone Ymbon, AT Mondal, Kyrmen Shylla, Marcuise N Marak, Rakkam A Sangma and Shakliar Warjrisepei.
They alleged that the Lyngdoh had violated the customs and traditions by saying that the four kyntoit no longer fall under the raid of Sohiong.
Kan TV said the death toll of more than 600 people was one of the highest in Israel's history.
Shillong: U Saleng A Sangma, MLA and President of the National Congress Party (NCP) from Gambegre Constituency, on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should immediately abolish the MLA Scheme. it has turned the leaders into slaves.
Nongpoh, July 13: A young boy has brought fame and glory to a private institution at 11 mer, Mawsmai in Ri-Bhoi district. Sohan Thapa of 11 mer Mawsmai has been included in the Top 20 list of the SSLC results announced by the MBOSE. He also scored 100 marks in the subject Science and is also the highest scorer in the subject Nepali in the state. The school has produced 15 students who sat for the SSLC examination this year and 13 of them have passed and 2 have failed.
e) Are there other life forms besides humans on earth? ANSWER: Many of us may wonder whether there are other living things besides man on Earth.
Not only that, the flooding of the soil has made it difficult for the farmers to harvest the rice because now it is time to plow and plant the rice.
He said that if the government refuses to implement the ILP, they will not hesitate to go to the people to ask for their support and the Dorbar will have to be held again to discuss the ILP.
Shillong: Ahead of the meeting of the North Eastern Council, which is scheduled to be held in Shillong tomorrow, the NEC office today issued a statement saying that the The North Eastern Council (NEC) was established through the Act of the Legislative Assembly of Parliament in
Jesus was born before the law of Moses was in force.
CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat, MDCs, officers from various departments and bank managers were also present at the closing ceremony.
Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM, RiBhoi, said that the HANM leaders have arrested these foreigners after receiving information that there are up to 25 foreigners who have been arrested. They were trying to enter the state and while waiting at Umran Dairy at a petrol pump, they stopped the bus and found that there were only foreigners who were trying to enter Nongstoin.
This government has introduced the digital divide where only those who have learned to use the internet can register for the vaccine but those who do not know how to use the internet can register behind. stad, and this has brought peace in the way of righteousness to the people.
They shouted slogans against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Hindi 'Kisan Virodhi Narendra Modi'
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, said that this is perhaps the first time that the power struggle has been cancelled.
Indeed once, thousands of years ago Jesus came, lived, taught, fought and gave hope to people.
The final match was very interesting and competitive.
However, besides this, there are other measures and for this reason we have introduced the MRRSA and other measures.
Chingjring K Marak took three wickets for 14 runs while Tengrik Sangma took three wickets for 18 runs.
John Lanong said he is now ready and able to predict who will win, who will score, how many minutes he will score and who will get a red card. minutes and that he said he could do now.
He was wearing blue jeans, a pink shirt and a half jacket.
“The Government is looking for ways to open up job opportunities for the youth because the Government itself cannot provide jobs,” he said.
Police have arrested the driver involved in drug trafficking under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
There Bah Shanbor also thanked his friend who led him to that riewsaid.
Mewanshngain Ryntathiang scored the goals for Lummawbah SC in the 35th and 50th minutes and Kevin Kupar Royne in the 48th minute.
He said the North East has not been allowed to accept mynder who came after 1971 according to the records of Assam.
Speaking to Rupang, HYC Ri-War Mihngi Circle President Edmund Khongngai said that these foreigners were led by a contractor. private individuals in the village of Mawlynnong.
Go on! Go on! Suggest to amend paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 12, only for the State of Meghalaya as follows.
The feeling and selfishness that belongs only to me and only me is one of the causes of the backwardness and destruction of the nation.
This will lead to the infiltration of Meghalaya and other states in the East by these people and they will overwhelm the villagers.
Myanmar and Bangladesh have sent thousands of aid workers to evacuate residents from the border areas of these countries on Friday. 'erlangthari in the Bay of Bengal, which is waiting to sail to the coastal areas of the two countries.
It is surprising how this work through NHIDCL has been suddenly abandoned by the contractor, without any reason and why the PWD department is silent on this temporary abandonment of this project. .
Therefore, we want that once the Cabinet has taken a decision, it will open the door for us to increase to 30 or we will talk to increase it and there will be no more interest in it and we will complete it. “The remaining money goes to NTPC and to clear up the delay in payment of NTPC money,” he said.
Shillong: The Hill Farmer Union (HFU) has invited the farmers of the state to gather at Iewduh on the 4th of this month at 9 pm to get information for themselves on the public notification order. the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dorbar regarding the kilo cut.
On the other hand, the police have banned the Sengbhalang leaders from carrying these flags on the streets, as they have not asked permission in advance for their protest programme.
“The Private University Commission, which regulates private universities, has written several letters to the university to ask for information on the status of their work but has not received any reply. The Cabinet has approved the proposal to pass an Ordinance to repeal the Act,
MP Bah Vincent H Pala and other party leaders were also present.
“The incident of low-intensity bomb blast has been confirmed,” said the Director General of Punjab Police.
The khana factory, which has been in operation for about four or five years, has been operating in the past few months.
He said the government will cooperate with the Hima Mylliem authorities to bring about cleanliness in the market.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh congratulated the members of the Managing Committee of the school, especially the Head Master. for their hard work, which brought sweet fruit through the school’s acquisition of this new school building.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83415 out of which 81440 have recovered and 1446 have died.
“If you look at other villages and suburbs of Shillong like Jaïaw and Motphran, they don't have time to clean and repair the pipes. but to destroy us also,” said one of the elders.
As a result of the IED blast, the BSF vehicle collapsed and two persons were injured.
On the Ayushman Bharat Health Infrastructure Mission, the Minister said that T.150 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya in the last four years.
He said that the members of the District Council (MDC) and the Deputy Commissioners of both the states have been entrusted with the task of preparing a list of villages where there is no conflict. at the next meeting, before they conduct a joint inspection of the border area.
KHNAM has also warned other offices whether government or private offices which hold work on special days like Behdeinkhlam, Shad Nongkrem and others.
However, as the days and years passed, this bridge began to collapse.
Why I say this is because a man marries 10 (ten) women whose race is different from each other and they are from their own village.
The corona virus can survive for up to 10 months on the top surfaces of banknotes, mobile phone covers and plastic products, according to a new study by scientists.
The Women's league will be played in a single league format of 30 minutes in the first half and 30 minutes in the second half.
Other announcements have been made to remove the Municipal water pipes which pollute the road in Iewduh.
The amendment of the Election Act 2021 and the proposal to link the Aadhaar number to the voter ID is wrong and unacceptable.
At the same time, the KSU said that it will meet again with the DC to protect the river and to stop the illegal quarrying in the area.
He requested the Lyngdoh, Dolloi, Maji, Pator, Sangot, Rangbah Shnong and Longsan of the Raid Nonglyngdoh to take action to write down as much information as they remember about these two Law Kyntang and send it to the office of the Raid Nonglyngdoh. The Dorbar to think how to preserve and improve these treasures of the Raid for the future generations.
This road connects many villages in Lai Lyngdoh area and South West Khasi Hills as a whole and is also used by the people of the area.
However, he did not come to accept the job, because he went to teach at another Govt L.P.Skul and the school did not have a teacher.
Furthermore, at this meeting, the Soo Langdaoh religious leaders who have been in office for 15 years were also honoured.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 14: Although the election for the Legislative Assembly of the State is still taking time, the political parties have started to announce the names of the candidates for the election.
I.
Sanat Basaiawmoit is also the Advisor of the Meghalaya Talent Search Organization.
He said that he and the village leaders will meet with Prestone to express that they will not accept this proposal of the government.
The purpose of the Committee is to seek the opinion of the residents of the area on how they face the problems related to the lack of electricity and at the same time. It is also time to ask for clarification from the MeECL officers why the department is unable to supply electricity in the area and why the department is facing problems in the area. to address these problems faced by the region, so that all of them can be overcome.
It is the season and there are many weddings and how beautiful it is to see that young people are willing to give glory to God and seek His sanctification in connection with this work which is the greatest part in the life of a man and a woman because it is from this part that they begin to build their own family and to have children who will be the future of the family, the the family, the village, the nation and the country.
“It's too late for me to throw it away...” said Niakha. “Drink Niakha.” Rida said, “To, sit here quickly, son, so that we don't get too late, I wanted to hear something. that which ye have promised to tell me, saith Niakha.
JOWAI: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has planned to visit West Jaintia Hills to inaugurate the Lakroh Mini Hydel Project in Wah Lakroh. Pdengshakap village on the second day.
Nongpoh: The RBYF, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, has warned the heavy vehicles that used to carry Shyiap from Wah Khri not to use the road from Patharkhmah to Warmawsaw. Due to the traffic of these heavy vehicles, the road has been destroyed which is used by many people from different villages in the area.
Speech was also delivered by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, SPIKAP, who urged the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to take action to hold discussions within the villages to get the opportunity to set up farms for valuable medicinal plants as the danger is that they will disappear.
Urging the public to refrain from giving money to any person or organization, the DGP said that the payment to such illegal groups will be punishable under sections 11, 13 & He said that those who have been extorted money should inform the police so that they can report the incident. to do whatever is necessary and also to keep their name and personal information confidential.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has complained to the residents of Rymbai that there is no science teacher at Rymbai Government Secondary School for 10 years. The KSU said that the government has not yet appointed other full time teachers.
Fish farming has become one of the most important sectors in Meghalaya, not only as a source of income for farmers through various sources of income such as fish farming and sale, but also in value chain management through a place of worship, a place of worship and also as a tourist attraction.
US scientists believe that these are creatures from another part of the world and are surprised that the balloon will fly in the morning.
Throughout the day, the Ri-Bhoi Police, held a rally and also called upon the public on the need to think carefully while driving, at the same time they distributed leaflets to the drivers. teaching them to be careful and thoughtful while driving on the road.
Personnel & AR (B) Departments shall also be members of this committee.
The match will be played at 5PM. Tickets can be obtained from the Mobile Center at Khyndai Lad and from the SSA Counter at Polo Ground.
What is more shocking is the desire of the Thlen to eat only the Khasi and not the Dykhar Lyngkien. The Dohthlen, while the Khasi did not eat it all, and from that Lyngkhot Dohthlen, the Thlen, which ate only the Khasi, came back to life.
Conrad on 22nd June held a meeting in the two constituencies of North Garo Hills-Resubelpara and Mendipathar to seek the support of the people for the NPP candidate Timothy D Shira from Resubelpara and Marthon Sangma from Resubelpara. Mendipathar constituency.
Could it be that this is the same man who sat for the image of Christ? The one who said, "If I could only be like him"; and to whom he said, "You could be like him if you would only follow his example".
“Here in Meghalaya too, the Congress will not be affected just because its MLAs have fled because all the former leaders are like those demons,” he said. When a woman asked Pala why the Congress MLAs have been bought by the government and left the party as soon as he took over as President.
Regarding the sudden death of the young woman at her residence, the President of the KSU, NKHD, has sought information from the father of the young woman. According to the father, the authorities of the school said that she died after drinking bih and sdien ha u tyllai phasi. They cannot believe that their daughter will drink or kill herself.
MLA Election 2023The MLA election in Meghalaya, which is only four months away, will be the election of Kupar's life.
In the second half, Sabahmuswang beat FAM 2-0 in the penalty shootout without scoring a goal. The Deputy Commissioner of WJDSA, Bah BS Sohliya was the chief guest in the presence of District Sports Officer, WJDSA, Ma EMH Passah and others. After the match, the chief guest distributed the prizes to the winners and runners-up with cash prizes and trophies.
However, the Sengbhalang did not attend.
( SP News).
According to reports, more than 18,000 families have been affected by the earthquake. Moroccans on Sunday rushed to various hospitals to donate blood. those in need of blood and those injured in the earthquake in the country.
Among the dead, one was a pastor and 13 others were injured in the incident on Sunday.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Tuesday urged the state government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District, to take action to provide or prepare in advance the Corona Care Centres, which There are about 500 beds in the district to protect against the sudden increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the district.
“There are many patients in this area so we urge you not to disturb the movement of the people who come here to get medicine.
He recalled that in previous years he had said that the people should be vigilant, so that the people should not be misled and the people who listen and read should be able to establish.
In the middle of the night, all those present took part in the New Year celebration led by Mr. Spiton Kharakor, Mr. Herman Nongrum and Mr. Raphael Warjri, Chairman of the Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Shillong.
Everything is sold, what remains is the Moti Mahal.
Romarius Laban scored in the 36th minute, Kevin Rymbai in the 65th minute, Donlad Diengdoh in the 68th minute, Pynbha Suting in the 73rd minute and Mark G Shabong in the 87th minute.
Please don't hold school early this year, use your logic - you may lose next year or you may lose the fertile products of the future. of the future)! Who would like to see our children die of premature illness? (Who would love to see our children die a sad undue death?).
He said that after his request, the government has sent people and the road has been surveyed.
(iv) The purpose of the BEFR (ILP) is to curb the illegal entry of high-paid people, while the purpose of the MRSSA is to facilitate it.
There has been a lot of talk about the relationship between KL Rahul and Bollywood actress Sonal Chouhan, but this time it has become clear that Rahul Rahul has started dating. Athiya Shetty, another famous Bollywood actress, is married to Athiya Shetty.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The 179th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, Shillong, today was celebrated and flowers were laid at the monument of Tirot Sing Syiem. to the British Government throughout the Khasi Hills.
He said that the Congress will elect clean candidates who are free from corruption and through these the people will regain their full confidence in the rule of the Congress.
The sad thing is that the name is lost only when the sky is dark or when the natural forces come.
Petrol pumps will be closed tomorrow while on 26th and 27th November, they will be open from 9 pm to 2 pm under police surveillance.
“During the formation of the government, we discussed many things, and I saw that he has a strong foundation,” he said.
JOWAI: The Knia Khang ceremony is one of the annual thanksgiving ceremony by the Raij of the Shnong to the Soo Dwar-Soo Luti and Tawiar Takan who are the villages of the Raij who have come by the body of God from the beginning. the protectors of the village of the Raij from the growth of the world, nature which comes in various forms.
This training has benefited the youths who have come to take part in this training on how to cultivate tip. We hope that these youths who have received this training will continue to do this work as they have received enough training over the last three months.
“Imat Ito I kong I shot the jadu ia u Bah... At first I felt like I didn't have any young mind but Imat inside I worked for Bah.
Mukherjee will address the House on March 21, a government source said.
Through this meeting, the residents of Mylliem Hima, held a public meeting, which was also a decision to express that they do not support the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Hima, but they want he belongs to the full Rangbah Shnong.
The nun believes that her parking is not illegal, as she says, “I used to travel by car for the work of the church, so that I could finish it on time.
He recalled that Sngap Sing Syiem was born in the 1770s and died in
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. War said, “We don't come here to deceive or talk jali jaum and also to cry in front of you but we come because we hear the complaints of our fellow villagers. we walk from parents to young people.
In addition, the Minister said that he has called a meeting between the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) to discuss and direct them to monitor and monitor the situation. Peace and order in Shillong and elsewhere.
Dear friends, there are many words in the Bible that confirm and even the whole Bible, if Yahshua/Jesus is removed from it, is “O”.
SK Rai urged the Lumshnong PS to arrest the head of Goldstone Cement Ltd and register a case against him according to the law.
This is for those who cannot come to the registration center in person and to facilitate the government through Doorstep Aadhaar Enrollment or home registration, the staff in charge of this work will come. domestic.
It is learned that all these Dkhars are from Assam who came to work with a contractor who has taken the contract to complete the work of the priests and pastors.
In the match between Nine Set Secondary School, Umjaraiñ Hotspring Secondary School, Umjaraiñ beat Umjaraiñ Hotspring Secondary School 1-0 through Silvester Thongni in the 43rd minute.
“As the VPP has demanded a special session, we also support this and it is right and proper to allow the MLAs to discuss this issue,” he said.
According to Pathak, talks between India and Bangladesh to start operating the Guwahati-Shillong bus have been going on for many months.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : Many leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) including the National Vice President of the party and the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, have visited Shella constituency. Grace Kharpuri has been campaigning for the party candidate.
When asked by reporters, Bah Thangkhiew replied that if the government cannot shut down MUDA as the protest was held, until the members of the MUDA are arrested, the MUDA members will be arrested. At the same time, the RBYF would like to express its gratitude to other members of the RBYF, who have including the KSU, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), who have supported the MUDA issue which has affected the country and the country. jaidbynriew, just because of the negligence of this government department to dismiss the people of Byrnihat.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Monarch said that why he is too happy to return to the party, the main reason is that in the past many years, what he has seen and heard It is true that all the issues affecting the state, the issues remain the same regardless of whether it is the border issue, the coal issue and others.
The personal interview was attended by Prof LS Gassah, Department of Political Science, NEHU, Toki Blah, Retd IAS and two Joint Secretaries of KHADC. RS Wanniang and DG Syiemiong were also present.
Shillong, November 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie today fully established its second half-way unit in Assam. of Jatinga Village.
However, on the other hand, the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, said, “The government has decided to hand over the health centers to the organizations in the state because it is facing a shortage of doctors. nurses, and other specialist doctors.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today took several decisions. Women Market in Iewduh.
Police of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) are continuing their operation to rescue the trapped persons.
Speaking on the government's desire to investigate by a central government investigation team whether it is the CBI or the NIA, George said it is difficult to trust the CBI to investigate so that the investigation will be fair and transparent. independent and also that when it will start investigating.
Shillong: The Controller of Examinations of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) Tura, Bah TR Laloo, on Tuesday said that the Board has inquired from the teachers of these schools. The teachers said that the reason for the increase in the questions is that the school has not updated the textbooks as others have done. schools.
In the fourth semi final, 7 Wasa United beat Sailung Ialong 2-1 to win the title and qualify for the final.
He recalled that the UDP was defeated in 2013 by Martin M Dango by only 455 votes and said that the defeat was due to the lack of candidates. The party has invited applications for the ticket but now it has adopted another method which is to elect the candidate whom the party wants without inviting any more applications because in the last election he said that those who lose tickets score their own goals.
Besides the chief guests and teachers who came from abroad, the Principal of the College, Bah BK Laitflang, teachers, students, women police of Nongstoin Police Station and other other.
Speaking at the meeting, the village leaders said that the purpose of the gate is to prevent the entry and exit of the people in the area and also to prevent They have chosen this place to set up this gate, as it is an entry point which has connected many villages of Mawrong Road.
The construction of the Assembly has been taken over by a company from Uttar Pradesh known as Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd which started work in July last year.
Ribok Biam Education Secretary JSM Western Region said that after receiving a tip that there was a night super bus carrying illegal drugs, they stopped it and stopped it at the toll gate in Ialong. .
For the past decade, the issue of uranium mining in Meghalaya has been discussed around the world and powerful countries like the United States want India to mine and process minerals like uranium. which produces nuclear energy.
On the other hand, Mamata Banerjee said that he is a babu, who has expired and urged him to fight face to face.
Verma has appealed to the Supreme Court against the order.
The Chief Electoral Officer of Nagaland, V Shashank Shekhar, said that in the Assembly elections held on the 27th of this month, more than 85% of the 13 candidates turned out. voters who came to take part in the election day.
He said that the government has already laid the foundation stone for the construction of the National Law University within 40 months of the passage of the Act and this is a great honor for the state as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Two months after the FKJGP-Central Body sent a letter to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand the increase in the fare of four-wheelers, It was observed that until now, their demand has not been met because the fare of the vehicles has remained the same as it was increased a few months ago.
All the works that have not been implemented by this government have been blamed on the corona.
The United Kingdom, France and South Korea have announced that they have evacuated their citizens after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken ordered a three-day ceasefire in Sudan. .
Former Advocate General of Meghalaya, Bah KS Kupar, Advocate, has also suggested to the High Level Committee on Influx that there is a need for a separate legislation on the ILP for the entire Garo Hills District.
Dr. Janirius Nongtdu gave a training on AIDS & Youths.
Ambrose N Gatphoh won the 55+ Men Singles.
On the other hand, the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has also warned against the vendors of food items, who take advantage to increase the price of food items.
The General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers' Union, Elbina Nongkhlaw, said that many domestic workers who have lost their jobs during the curfew have been affected by the Coronavirus.
“The Lokayukta has been appointed to investigate even the use of the MLA scheme.
email:kamalchakrabartykamal@gmail.comLike the stars of heaven in Sohra, That I have known for many years in my life, How they rise from the night above the mountains,...without falling once; To rain on the mountains, until it appeared in the village of Sohra last year, all over the world.
Condemning the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma, Dr Mukul demanded that the CM should look into the matter.
The camp also explained about the achievement of 'Aatmanirbar Bharat', which is the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to make the country self-sufficient.
He also asked why Christian leaders speak out against the BJP-led government. In a letter to various Christian churches, Anil Couto, Archbishop of Delhi, said: all religious leaders, to pray for the country, ahead of the Lok Sabha elections
Some of her contributions are that she has fought hard for the independence of the state, she has contributed in many areas in different constituencies of the state which she has won and that her MLAs and MDCs , have contributed significantly to the drafting of laws and have participated in the discussions on the drafting of laws in the Assembly and District Councils; The party has also contributed to serve the people in development works especially in those constituencies where it has won MLAs and MDCs; The Assam Electricity Board has suspended the proposal to elect MDCs by MLAs; the Assam Electricity Board has suspended the proposal to dam the Wah Kynshi, Bynther, Langiong, Kynrud, Byrki and other villages to turn them into sea ponds. many; it liberated the slavery of many villages in the Lum Diengieid area from the hands of one Rashmeshwar Goenka who had been collecting taxes at the gate for many years at Mawmih; In 1963, it strongly opposed the army to forcibly occupy Lum Shyllong which is a sacred mountain with the intention of installing radar and other military installations; It strongly opposed the BSF troops to deploy troops in Wahiajer and Mawliehbah; It has suspended companies from mining gold in Langiong, Mawphlang and Sonapahar; In 1955, 1970, 71, 72, 74 and 1992, it opposed the government company to mine uranium in Kynshi-Tengri, Syndai, Wahkaliar, Mawtem, Borsohra, Mawmarin, Langmar and Domiasiat.
“In order to bring peace and stability in the state, I am ready to call for talks between the HNLC and Home Minister Amit Shah,” he said.
These fish farmers have been sent to RTC Umran in Ri-Bhoi for training.
On Tuesday, Tagatatha Roy, Governor of Meghalaya, said that foreigners are facing problems in the state these days, as happened to the Kashmiri Pandits in the past. 1991, when they had to flee Jammu and Kashmir.
However, what angered these party leaders and village leaders of the area, was after they saw that what was planned by the government at that time, has now been suspended for half a while without being able to complete. as planned, but it was only half over.
This word has become true until the work, because if we look now as man discovers more and more things that make him happier, then evils also go along with it and sadly these the wicked destroy even the precious soul of man.
He said that there are many shortcomings in the working of this body because it has done its work only in accordance with the provisions of the Protection of Human Rights Act,
It is the first time that the whole world has seen the happiness, the bright faces of the people of Kashmir because they have seen a bright future and this has been witnessed by the leaders of other countries. The countries of the world who come to the G20 meetings, to see that Kashmir is no longer the same, as we Indians have heard and seen in the past 70 years.
Prof. PS Shukla, Vice Chancellor of NEHU as the chief guest, in the presence of Prof. Amarendra Behara Jt.
He said that as volunteers for the welfare of the river, they have been discouraged by the lack of attention of the government authorities to implement the laws.
The government's plan to erect signs and abolish the FMR is an attempt to discriminate against the Zo ethnic group living in India and Myanmar.
Regarding the Budget Session, which will be held in October, Charles said that the opposition has many issues that it will not bring forward. the border issue, the teachers' problems and others.
So far, there are 633 cases of Covid-19 in the state and 264 have recovered.
The match between Lumpariat and Dongmihsngi was very friendly as from the first half to the second half, both the teams did not score a goal. They finished with a 0-0 goal.
Until around 8:30 pm, the truck was still burning and many people were still collecting umphiang from the Nala.
The reason is that one byrni weighs 1 kg.
A taxi driver from Sohiong said, “We have received information that there is a pipeline, in fact they should have worked at night to avoid these problems and not during the day.
In the Under-17 men's category, East Khasi Hills beat South Garo Hills 3-0, South West Garo Hills beat North Garo Hills 1-1 and East Jaintia Hills beat South Garo Hills 1-1 West Garo Hills beat East Garo Hills 0-3 goals, West Garo Hills beat North Garo Hills 2-0 and South Garo Hills beat East Garo Hills 2-0 West Khasi drew 0-0 with East Garo Hills without scoring a goal.
Short speeches were also delivered by General Secretary Tellmetrue Phawa, Secretary VDP Molting Phawa and former Waheh Shnong MB Sana.
The JSU has arrested Ayush Kumar for using a forged PRC from the DC East Jaintia Hills in 2021 by applying for a Temporary Residential Certificate from Thangskai. PRC, and in the same year he applied for the state quota MBBS 2023-24 and received it.
It is very beneficial in terms of physical health.
A group of village leaders in Manipur also said that these weapons were used to attack the Kuki zo by the Meitei groups.
East Khasi Hills beat North Garo Hills 7-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Acknowledging the delay in the construction of the slaughterhouse in Jowai, the head of the agriculture department said that they will also seek clarification why they cannot start the work on the project.
Therefore, after the hearing, the committee will submit the list to the government,” he said.
Therefore, the SSHL now allows the authority of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to resolve and if the authority of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council cannot stand and protect the rights of the children of the thousands of children of the Hima. Hima Langrin did not participate in the mass protest.
However, before the end of the match, Mawlai goalkeeper Neithovilie Chalieu was sent off for a red card for a foul against Umkseh.
Nongpoh: Since the day Assam announced the number of 19 lakh people in Assam, who have not been included in the NRC list, the police at the Anti Infiltration Check Gate Byrnihat, on Tuesday said that the number of people in Assam has not been included in the NRC. It is learned that the search for people entering Meghalaya has been strict.
Tura, November 1: The Association of Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) today protested against the use of Aadhaar.
Then God commanded Adam and Eve not to eat from one of the trees in the garden.
We don't know whether the word “showkidar” has any meaning to mislead the Indian voters and if it does, we will see in the future that many politicians will change their names in the upcoming elections and may no longer use their parental names.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Police have arrested seven persons on suspicion of robbery in the Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi district. They were not involved in the robbery of the crushers in the Killing area.
And now you know it, like the Aadhaar Act.
The shape of choosing the image of Sing, The party of Maieit Hoping;
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Banteidor, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, said, “I have already made it clear that in 2023 I will contest from the PDF party because it is a party. which I want and love".
Let us be careful not to fight here in Shillong which could affect the education of our youngsters across India.
On the low salary of teachers, he said the government does not want to provide adequate education even though it should pay only 10 percent of the 100 percent salary allocated by the central government.
At the time of writing, the deadline set by the Sengbhalang has passed more than 24 hours, but no sign has been seen that the government will take action on these demands. The hour will end tomorrow night the 9th at 9pm.
Out of these 27,908 youths, only 20 youths have been employed by the government so far and the total number of unemployed youths is 37,9
If it were so that the price of goods would fall if the railway came, we wouldn't have seen in other parts of the country where there is a railway that people would complain about the increase in the price of goods. hit in the face.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 605, including 497 from East Khasi Hills, 213 from BSF, 227 from others, 57 from Armed Forces, 5 from West Khasi Hills, 50 from Ri Bhoi and 50 from Ri Bhoi. Hills, East Jaintia Hills 17, West Garo Hills 16, South Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, while North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills have no cases.
The Dolloi today held a meeting in Jowai where 11 Dolloi attended the meeting and decided to temporarily suspend the collection of taxes on the highways. They have sent a letter to the CEM of JHADC to express their readiness to come and discuss the issue of revenue collection. treasury.
"In his speech, Sangma expressed the NPP's determination to rebuild Mizoram and to preserve the identity of the people of the region and to make the voice of the people of the region heard. region in front of government leaders.
The death toll in the past 24 hours in the US has risen to 2,108, making it the first time in the world that more than 2,000 people have died from the coronavirus in a single day.
There are beautiful parts of the Brahmaputra River like Tezpur and Joghigopa where this great river flows between the hills and in this part its width can reach 4 miles.
S Nongbri and W Kharsati scored two goals each, while Breden, S Nongbri, A Kurbah, K Rapsang, E Shabong, S Nongbri, Nathanial and U Aaron.
Police said that in the past 72 hours, they have seized 9,000 liters of pyrsi and 2,000 liters of pahreng. you are in this city.
“The Prime Minister has informed about the shortage of paramedical staff, specialists and medical staff,” she said. Doctor.
Christmas Cake was also cut and Wheelchairs were distributed to two persons with Cerebral Palsy and a Laptop to one person with Low Vision.
The winners of the marathon were: Under 14 (girls) 1st Prize: Banri Nylla Nongdhar (Lawjynriew), 2nd Prize: Elisika Riahtam (Madanrting) and 3rd Prize: Rosanna Kharkongor (Madanrting).
Central and state government offices in the state have been sent letters directing them to submit affidavits regarding the attendance of employees during the curfew.
The National Commission has expressed the need to conduct training for the people of Meghalaya on how to deal with such situations with understanding of the feelings of others.
Shillong, Nailar 2: 'Jalieh-jalieh jadoh-jadoh, you just got' 'u kwai that gave you so much sweetness that day, I don't want to sleep, I don't want to stay, until now I have These are the words of the song that remind me of Bah UN Sun, who perhaps the music lovers are still surprised these days, that they don't hear the beautiful voices anymore, from this singer. , who is well known in Ri Khasi.
According to her, the survey has found that the employment share of Garo people is not according to the employment share which is only 33% and this has been accepted by the Ïingkashari High Court. that is, the Roster System shall be implemented in the State Reservation Policy of the State.
There are also times when the poet goes to the hills, the rivers and the forests.
Until now, this issue has become a controversial issue as the Sengbhalang is opposed to the construction of the railway line in Khasi-Jaintia Hills while the Government does not have any security laws against the illegal entry of people. outside the state and mynder from other countries.
Albinush Marak is an MDC from Siju Constituency in South Garo Hills.
If we look back from the past to the present, the main reason for the strong ethnic parties here in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills is only because of the struggle for leadership and leading to division.
Narayanasamy is understood to arrive in Shillong after the MDC elections in Garo Hills on the 12th of this month.
For great is the name of him who gives hope.
The competitions for the children at the camp include vertical jump, compass drill, 10m ladder run and 20m sprint.
The Dorbar Shnong Mynthong under the leadership of its Waheh Shnong Ma Lamphrang Pohktai today donated T.30,000/- to the Chief Minister Relief Fund.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 24: The shooting incident at Mukroh West Jaintia Hills, has caused a stir across the area and has also prompted the Union of Petrol Carriers from Assam to stop supplying to Meghalaya due to insecurity.
Speaking to reporters, the 12 Rangbah Shnongs alleged that Agnes Kharshiing is only a Myrsiang thang shnong, which they explained that it means that she is the one who brings parties into the village and which is also the main reason for the incident. confusion in the city.
Mawkyrwat, July 25: As part of the celebration of National Voters' Day 2024, the office of the Deputy Commissioner & District Election Officer, South West Khasi Hills District together with the office of the District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat The National Voters Day Run 2024 was held at Ranikor.
Tens of thousands of farmers, who have protested in Delhi, have demanded the complete repeal of the government's Farm Act.
These PDF leaders were welcomed by the President of the Congress Mawshynrut at a meeting held at the party office in Riangdo West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Congress members and office bearers from Mawshynrut Constituency.
Multiplying this by the number of humans and animals on earth, it becomes clear that this is the reason for the enormous water supply.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today criticized the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. but only with the consent of the Lamphang to allow him to introduce a Resolution which is not on the list or issues discussed in the House today regarding the Roster System.
Besides Donbor, the HNYF also honored Badalin Kharbyngar, the champion of the Asian Arm Wrestling Championship and the winner of the NorthEast Level Shillong Arm Wrestling Championship 2022 which was held on 12th October in Nongbah. Shillong.
Tit is rich in protein, minerals and vitamins and is easy to eat and drink.
Therefore, parents have the greatest responsibility for their children, not only in food, drink, clothing, education but most importantly to teach them to know God and to train them in good manners and dignity from childhood.
In this regard, the leaders of this department, invite and invite all the parakur parakha to attend this event and also to bring the dancers male and female so that this day will be successful. be peaceful and prosperous.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Namdong A has congratulated Dawan Lyngdoh MDC and candidate for the MLA election from Nartiang Constituency 1 from the United Democratic Party (UDP) on his victory. The Dorbar Shnong held on the 03rd July 2023 at Namdong A Football Ground, in which Samla Dawan Lyngdoh requested and asked for the support of the residents of the village to support him freely and not by The villagers and the people of the constituency as a whole.
Bah Ardent stood up against the Governor's speech as soon as the speech started, and said that Meghalaya is not a state where the citizens use Hindi to speak.
Meanwhile, the HSPDP candidate from Laban-Mawprem, Bah Banrikupar Wahlang, said that he is no longer a newcomer to politics, but he has been contesting elections since 2008 and lost to Sanbor Shullai. “When I contested against Sanbor, I lost by only a few hundred votes, now I have good hopes of reaching the goal,” said Banrikupar Wahlang. now it is no longer between you and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Shillong, June 28: It is the duty of the Central Government to erect signboards along the border in the State and it is the duty of the State Government to provide land.
Djokovic has already reached the quarter-finals in all 16 times he has participated in the tournament. Rome.
After this match, Langsning, Nongthymmai and Nangki Irat have three points each.
“I am surprised, I tried to find out why the people in Meghalaya are poor, but later I found that the poverty in Meghalaya is due to the government's neglect and insult to the people.
This cooperation will greatly benefit the villagers of the state.
In the visit to Block II, the UDP was not happy because it could not do anything.
Shillong Lajong are one of the two teams that have been promoted to the I-League this season.
BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard N Marak has demanded strict punishment against those agents who take money from the beneficiaries through the implementation of various schemes of the Central Government.
Out of the 1155 youths whom we supported in the first phase of the first group in the state, Jaintia Hills alone has 389 groups who have benefited, which means in the whole state. One of the Jaintia Hills has received the most support through YESS Meghalaya.
We should also congratulate the HNLC for being willing to come to the peace talks table because its leaders want to live a life that is in harmony with society and not to take up arms.
According to the people who went to catch these fish, they said that at first, they saw many fish and other species of fish, which were caught on the ground. When they saw that these fish were lying on the surface of the water, these people went to catch and catch these fish.
Sadly, these days there is no respect by the countries and kingdoms of the world for any rule, and the rulers also accept that the business of ruling is their own. , They have not sworn before God to rule the country but only in the language of the thylliej without respecting that rule and without fearing God. especially in democracies, it is just a struggle for powers.
Among all the candidates, the names in Khasi are only the name of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, the BJP candidate. 7 other candidates are in English, starting with the Congress candidate. Vincent Pala, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh, Independent candidates include Pastor Preachard Basaiawmoit (PBM), Denis Siangshai, Ivory Shylla, CPI candidate Richard Shabong and AAP. Mrs. Amerington Kharshing.
Jumonki Phawa scored the first goal for Myrjai in the 5th minute and Bahduh Phawa scored the second goal in the 4th minute.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 3: Sources from Mawthadraishan and Mawshynrut Constituencies, on Tuesday said that the supporters of the two HSPDP MLAs, Bah Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut and Bah Shakliar Warjri from Mawthad Raishan, on receiving the information, were shocked and said that these MLAs have suddenly turned around and chosen the seat rather than the people.
Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar and members of the KSU Jaintia Hills District have met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District Bah E Kharmalki regarding the public announcement that Star Cement has received the environmental clearance. Forest and Climate Change to mine coal and shale from Brishyrnot on an area of ​​42.051 hectares.
I alone am angry and sad to see the unjust behavior of the authorities on the issues of the teachers.
There will also be an explanation on the state's struggle to promote the Ginger Mission.
The song was produced by Lansius Syiemlieh and Zarina Marbaniang.
Syiem Tirot Singh did not take a decision alone but called a dorbar which is a great example that our rulers in the villages and kingdoms today should follow. This step when taking any decision should not be taken by one or two or three people.
On the Assam side, I have directed the Chief Secretary to discuss this issue with the Chief Secretary of Assam to find ways and means how to ensure that we cannot attack the factories. those in Assam are still operating,” he said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the entire village of Nongkasen has been closed from 5 pm on the 18th June
Shillong, March 13: Police have already provided protection to Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, who has been threatened by the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) through publicity. Secretary of the party, Bah Sainkupar.
It is prohibited to decorate the rynsan where meetings are held in any part of the village and the village is not allowed to distribute to the public except these five persons who came with the candidate as this will help in the you clean the morning.
Many elders will object because they say that after marriage you should have children soon.
Shillong: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, owner of a petrol pump, who came to protest against the strike by the drivers, on Tuesday said that the blame should not be on one minister alone, but on all the 60 MLAs. The Minister of Taxation and the Minister of Transport are the ones who should answer and explain these problems.
They said that in fact the Constitution of the country has given freedom to everyone to take part in politics so the state government cannot ban because teachers have a role to contribute in any field.
Furthermore, they collect revenue from the public and therefore they should have given or distributed scholarship fees to students and others instead of spending on festivals, said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
To get it, you have to fight a battle and whoever wins will get it.
Krison R Marak, MPS, DySP (Hq) of West Garo Hills will now take over as DySP (Hq) of East Garo Hills and will replace Anthony Ch Momin, MPS. of Police (Hqr), North Garo Hills District, Resubelpara has been posted as Assistant Commandant, 2nd MLP Bn, Goeragre, West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The APSTA on Tuesday held a meeting with all the primary school teachers under the supervision and management of the SDSEO Nongpoh at the Sajer Dorbar Hall in Nongpoh.
At the same time, speeches were delivered by some of the elders who congratulated and wished the Ramakrishna Mission Sohra to continue its good work to other villages.
Speaking about films, the actor has recently starred in Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan and has also starred in Pathaan and at the same time he will star in Tiger 3 and Katrina Kaif.
The seized horses and vehicle were later handed over to the local police for further investigation.
“We have to come out against this because this is the attack of the BSF on us Khasi,” said FRMLD Publicity Secretary, Bah Edmund Khongngai.
This school has been closed until the end of the fight.
The awareness program was conducted by Bah W. Shabong, District Child Protection Officer West Khasi Hills. Herbert G. Lyngdoh Superintendent of Police West Khasi Hills and Bah Macmilan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin were the chief guests.
In an order issued after hearing the PIL, a bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacherjee said that the AAI has informed that the expenditure for the extension and rehabilitation of the The runway at Umroi Airport has already been sent to the state and the state has not yet responded.
The Election Committee of the party from Sohra was formed at the meeting and its office bearers including Jied Kynta as Chairman, Pynshngain Jyrwa as Vice Chairman, CS Marbaniang Secretary, Atiar Syiemlieh Adviser and other office bearers along with 40 members.
He said that on the loss of 100 files from the trade department, the new EC will appoint an investigation team to find out where and where these files went missing.
He said that the school does not have qualified teachers to teach in Class IX and X.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Police on Tuesday arrested two coal trucks without Challan at Jakrem under Mawkyrwat PS. PSC/No.4(2)16 u/s 188 IPC R/w Sec 181/192/192(a)/196 M.V Act.
However, they said that the police have shown a good attitude so far.
The semi-finals will be played on October 1 at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh where Meghalaya will face Punjab at 5:30 pm while Services will face Karnataka at 5:30 pm. by 9 o'clock tonight.
They expressed their regret that for almost a year they have not received their salary for the year 2020. Even in 2021, the government has not released the salary. deserve it.
The SP said police are relying on the agency to find out where the group is using the website.
The Commission has also distributed T.2.5 lakh to the family of two children who died of electric shock in West Khasi Hills and T.5 lakh to the one who died in jail.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the Election Department of Meghalaya will continue to work hard to enroll the names of the citizens who have reached the age of 18 years in the Electoral Roll. which bun works.
It is learned that the Dkhars have worked forcibly without the knowledge of the owners of the quarry, it is not known where they got the bombs (blasting) to burn without the knowledge of the owners of the quarries.
This was announced by the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor while talking to media at 7 pm. votes in 59 constituencies.
Before the march, a meeting was held at Motphran led by CoMSO leader Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. The Governor should sign the MRSSA Ordinance 2019 without delay to protect the state from the influx of people until the full ILP is received from the central government.
Meanwhile, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngian N Syiem said that the meeting with the new government was fruitful as the government has promised to repeal the MUDA Building Act in the areas of KHADC. Council.
Dr Donkupar said the committee will consider for the MLA elections 2018 and the ways and means to win and rule the state.
Production in India is as follows: Bengal (322 million pounds), Madras (285 million pounds), United Provinces (228 million pounds), Bihar & Orissa (112 million pounds), Bombay (108 million pounds), Punjab (86 million pounds), North-West Frontier Provinces (34 million pounds), Assam (14 million pounds).
Despite the shortcomings, there are Food Inspectors who take action from time to time to search the shops and find many illegal items but it seems that the government has not taken action to punish them. who like this shop.
It is learned that after the allegation of stealing the tree, there was a heated argument between the owner and the two women until the point that the two women allegedly sent to commit crimes or The police have sent a message to the rangbah from Umkadhor village against the woman who owns the forest by burying a pylleng inside the rud.
The sign came from an AICC photographer who was recording Rahul's talks with the media, a Home Ministry spokesman said. He was informed by the head of the Special Protection Group (SPG).
There are 43 recoveries from the disease.
Conrad said the mid-term elections are very different from the usual elections and the people should not misunderstand whom to vote for and should also understand that the NPP is in government. Selsella will be the constituency where the government will focus on development.
In this regard, the HYC War Jaintia Circle together with the HYC Padu Unit, will lodge a complaint with the Minister of Education and the DSEO (Jowai) regarding the government's silence on the issue. From time to time, the teachers have complained about the problem of the LP school but until now no one has responded to the problem.
HS Shylla said that the District Council will not delay in this regard, but will meet with the Chief Minister to get approval from the government and will also meet with the Governor. he shall approve it so that the bill shall become law.
Beneficiaries under various other schemes under CM-Elevate include financial assistance through the Meghalaya Agriculture Warehouse Scheme, Meghalaya Community Facility Center Scheme, Prime Agriculture Response Vehicle, Meghalaya Tourism Vehicle Scheme and Meghalaya Motorcaravan. Outline.
The BSF fired two bullets into the air but the driver did not stop and tried to hit them.
The objective of the Yatra is to provide training and help deliver the benefits of welfare schemes.
The JSU urges the Jowai Municipal Department to immediately clean up these areas.
Jowai, Nailar 04 : The Cultural Youth Club (CYC) Mowkaiaw today launched the 5th Inter Dong Knock Out Football Tournament (2022) at Mowkaiaw Village.
The Expert Committee was set up after a committee comprising all political parties was set up on 25th June, 2023 to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster system.
After conducting a search, the BSF recovered nine horses which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
Foods rich in antioxidants are fresh and can provide many health benefits by reducing the risk of high blood pressure, relieving blood pressure and relieving many diseases.
Many of the demands of the villages are to improve roads, the key to economic development, schools, water supply, sports facilities, improvement of health and others.
Discussions are ongoing especially with the District Councils, and the KHADC, JHADC and GHADC want the Central Government to introduce the Constitution (125th Amendment) Bill, 2019, which has been amended this year.
They recovered 3 AK-56, 1 Carbine, 1 G-3 Rifle, 1 Grenade, 1 HK Magazine, 6 AK Magazines, 1 Beretta Pistol Magazine, 1 G-3 Magazine, 1 Carbine Magazine and 519 rounds of AK (421 rounds), G-3 (5.56) – (22 rounds) and 7.62 mm (76 rounds).
On the other hand, Chesterpaul had one chance but Pariyar blocked it.
The US Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) has accused the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam of being a tool to discriminate against the Muslim minority in the state.
“Now many people come to visit the old road,” said Leaderkus. “In other years, during these months, the pond has risen sharply due to the heavy rainfall while this year it is low. ".
“The action of the law enforcement agencies should be to improve the traffic, but the government, which is in charge of the lives and deaths of many churches, should look into the investigation. whatever place is right for us to live, but we will live in that land.
The cause of the outage has left the investigators in the dark about the cause of the death of these victims who were near the high voltage wire. and he went out into the land of Patharkhmah.
Mawkliaw-Kemrang Village Council through the speeches of Matabor Bah Thomsing Mawkon together with many other elders including Bah Homsing Khongjee (former Sordar), Babu Bires Laso, Bah Larbha Mawkon (former Sordar) They also mentioned the losses in terms of transportation and other issues if they stay in Sohra.
The people are very hopeful for a bright future in all aspects.
Mizoram is a Christian state.
He said that when we are the leaders of the people we are not immune from being insulted and especially in this time when the election period is approaching many people come to spread false news to accuse. “The MDA government will not stand idly by and the duty of the government is to bring about development and change in the state,” he said.
These pollutants will cause the Umïam River to flood and we don't know what will happen to it if these pollutants continue to flow from time to time.
According to publicly available records, there are about 25,684 mystery cases filed with the Board.
Before concluding, I would like to extend my special greetings and praise to the 'PRAH' of the VPP. sharud, in-between, in U 'PRAH'
Marriage after a few generations can go wrong and lead to injury and bloodshed.
On receiving a tip, police and fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
“The stinginess of the PWD department has affected the residents or traders who cannot complete their works because it takes many hours to pass through this road,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest and Kong Machdalyne Mawlong, MDC Umsning as the guest of honour. They also urged the youth of different ethnic groups to have unity to preserve the culture and identity of the ethnic group.
Teachers will have to register on the NIOS portal and the closing date will be 15th November 2017. The entry fee is T.4555 for ST/SC and T.6000 for ST/SC. General and teachers who do not hold these ranks according to the provisions of the NCTE Norm and RTE Act 2009, will be dismissed after 31st October
The turnout in Jirang was 75.25%, Mawhati 70.02%, Nongpoh 76.44%, Umroi 75.12% and Umsning 69.37%.
However, in Singapore, this is not the case.
On behalf of the family of I (L) Kong Ai Paslein, husband of Bah Eli War and daughter of I (L) Shri Chaimon Passah and (L) Mrs Meriam Paslein from Ummulong, we wish you all the best. We would like to thank all of you, relatives, friends, relatives, fellow believers from the Presbyterian Church Ummulong as well as fellow Christians from other church groups, the Dorbar Shnong. Ummulong who have come to comfort and console us in the death of our beloved.
“On Christmas in Madhya Pradesh, a pastor was shot dead, it declared Christmas as Good Governance Day,” Guarav said.
As for the guys, it’s Ricky.
The Union Government, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has already approved the release of Rs 3649.40 crore as part of the Union Government's SDRF to nine States in the year 2023-2
"Islam doesn't need those who pretend to be Muslims and defame the Muslim religion," Qasmi said.
Regarding the road, the village has tried to find a way but they have not been able to do so.
The government, MLAs, MDCs or Sengbhalang should not lose their land, the government, Sengbhalang, MLAs & MDCs should understand the ownership of their land.
People understand that knowledge is very important, so even after working hours, they take the opportunity to go to night or step school.
Other political parties including the National People's Party (NPP), the Regional Democratic Alliance (UDP and HSPDP) and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have already announced their candidates earlier. The Congress party, which has MP from Shillong, has not yet contested against Bah Vincent H Pala who won three seats as MP from Shillong.
He said the NPP, BJP and other parties in the MDA government are involved in corruption from the collapse of the Dome of the Assembly, the COVID-19 corruption, the Saubhagya Scheme corruption, and others. Others and all these political parties that are involved with the MDA government are involved in corruption.
In fact, the mother-in-law should be abolished, which has destroyed the nation by the fact that the woman is the soh pdung of the mynder. ,,,,While those who give birth to Khasi children & Khasi children, if they are not Khasi, who else? The birth of Khasi children has affected our social, political and economic background.
“I don't have any intention of leaving the UDP yet,” she said.
Jowai, November 01: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) through the project Link Worker Scheme sponsored by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) has conducted three health camps in four districts. Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
Both the teams have not lost since the start of this season.
Adelbert said that at the time of the construction of the Jingkieng Motphran, the government has provided a small shop space to the vendors who used to sell in the area but on what basis it has not provided shops. Each Harijan household has an area of ​​up to 200 SQ Meters.
It is on this day that darkness covered the earth and science describes it as a lunar eclipse in which the Earth's shadow went to the moon and this happened during the fullmoon. ) months when the earth revolves around the Sun and Moon.
Thlen immediately went to Biskarom (Biskarom was the chief of King Lakriah after King Lakriah came to Syiem Synriang. The chief of Syiem Synriang was Biskarom) to accept the job of wealth. Biskarom didn't work, he didn't listen, because there were many jobs in the countryside, and then he went to Barikor Karikor (Barikor Karikor was the Bakhraw of Syiem Synriang) and he didn't work. Sormoh Sorphin remembers that they were still busy in the fields.
In 2023, only the BJP can develop this country and our nation,” said Bah Kharkrang, who is also the State Spokesperson of the BJP. “We have explained to the youth many of the schemes that the BJP Government in Delhi has launched such as the MUDRA Scheme is very suitable for young children.
Mangkara, Organizing Secretary of the Taxi Drivers Association, said that although the DC has issued an order to operate odd/even numbers, the taxis are operating as usual. The police have not searched the odd/even numbers yet.
The match between Mawlai and Lumparing was very friendly as they were able to show their special skills.
He said that his introduction in 2019 was because at that time the High Court had not ordered anything.
The Congress party is still trying to hold a successful program to show that the state is strongly opposed to the CAA. Narendra Modi, accusing him of lying, deceiving the country, by mentioning the existence of detention centers in Matia, Assam and said, “The RSS Prime Minister ( Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has not deceived the people of India.
The Word of God (Bible) is also a sword to fight against Satan.
He said that the complex has about 70 stalls.
The signing ceremony was held in New Delhi in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal, Gurdeep Singh, Chairman and Managing Director of NTPC, and Sanjay Goyal. The CMD of MeECL includes the Project Management Services (PMS) for the company to distribute electricity and the installation of Power Supply Points (PSPs), as well as the implementation of Floating Solar in the State.
The country has enjoyed the benefits of this facilitation.
The team was led by Amit Rai as coach and Robin Nongrum as assistant coach in the presence of Academy President Franky Kharumnuid.
Shillong, Lber 22: The state government has decided to operate buses to transport school children especially to schools in Laitumkhrah and Dhanketi.
In an attempt to chase the target, Donkin managed to score 158 runs before the opposition bowlers lost all 10 wickets in 33.1 overs.
The BJP leader in charge of the state said that the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma has only two tasks, one is to shrut each other and another is corruption and nothing has been done.
When the colon and the shini are thrown into the belly of the animal, the water that used to be in them is brought out of the tor and the skin.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Delhi unit has sent a complaint to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, to inform him of the ban on a young woman, who was raped, from going to school. residence at Meghalaya House, New Delhi.
He said the government wants the people to come and take part in the festival.
Meanwhile, in Himachal Pradesh, the people have elected and revived the Congress party this time which has started to spread across India.
Hard work continues to provide assistance for them to live the life they deserve.
Here we see that the eyes of the government itself have seen that the coronavirus is more common and threatening in places of worship and even in the market. with an eye to all these things.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Preparations for the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India in the state have been completed by the government and district authorities.
The management of this farm under the leadership of Raid Shabong together with the branch of Saw Kur Khap Umsong under the leadership of General Secretary Bah Riban Lyngdoh and Pa'iem Laborious Manik S The Syiems laid the foundation stone at the place named after the former President of the country Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
The Hill Union and the Khasi National Dorbar were the first two organizations to send petitions to the States Reorganization Commission to demand their own state in April
The arrested were identified as Suhail Gulzar of Frestihar Kreeri and Waseem Ahmad Pata of Hudipora Rafiabad. the spokesman told him.
The SDSEO said that there are 109 LP Schools, 30 UP Schools and 85 SSA Schools. The KSU urged the education department to inspect all these schools and repair the damaged schools. check water, so that rural students do not miss out.
Bah Synrem said that during the investigation, it was found that these people had not received any permission to live in this area.
At the same time, he said that the incident on the border depends on the places and in the West Khasi Hills, it is slow because it has been given a clear message that the issue is being discussed.
Before changing the situation, it should be provided first, said M.Marshillong, who came from Riangpoit, one of the villages in the Maweit area, where there are vehicles only on market days.
In this regard, the Mawprem Parish Pastoral Council invites all those who wish to participate in this day.
To make Jowai a new constituency2
ADG, NCC Dte NER, Maj Gen Ananta Bhuyan, SM, who explained the training to the NCC members and congratulated the State Government for its support. NCC members in the State have been assisted.
This year, the first Walkathon was held under the theme Hooid! We can end TB (Yes! We can end TB).
In the doubles, Khrawkupar/Basan beat Bisharlang-Wasborn, Dwigbijoy/Aiban beat Ratul/Rishan, Raresh/Shubhador beat Fitzgerald/Kevin, Steve/Namelawan beat Ranald/Babiang and Sankupar/Kenneth defeated Balajied/Pynskhemlang.
The Bloomberg Billionaires Index shows that Musk's wealth increased following the 11 percent gain in shares of his company Tesla yesterday.
No further information is available.
He said that they have hope for the future because they want to lead the country and the nation to a bright future in the path of righteousness and truth, which has hope and happiness.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) on Sunday celebrated its 91st anniversary.
Rajnath Singh intends to introduce the bill in the House, although earlier there were talks to introduce it through consultation with other political parties.
However, the most famous thing in this village is the ability of the people to weave many kinds of scarves, from polo, knup, trap, khoh, prah, and the Government of India has also announced this. The village is called the Handicraft Village.
In fact, he said that the policy should have been reviewed earlier so that there would be no discrimination against anyone whether they belong to any Khasi or Garo community.
If there is such an ethnic discrimination, how come countless ethnic groups, especially in Greater Shillong, have been overwhelmed by foreigners until the indigenous people have become a minority.
Nongpoh: The District Medical Health Officer, Jirang, has directed the Medical Officer in charge of the Nongsier Dorbar Shnong in Jirang to meet with the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Nongsier in Jirang. Imshida Thangkhiew should be re-appointed as a full time ASHA worker in the village.
The Government should not be humiliated by listening to the voice of the people before issuing any order regarding the reopening of schools, it should not try to dictate. for meritorious insight often comes from the people (not the people).
Other speakers included Assistant Education Secretary Shining Kharbihkhiew, President KSU-JHD Ohibait Dkhar, DS War Organizing Secretary FKJGP-JHZ, Treiborlang Suchen General Secretary JSU. After this, the statues of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah were burnt.
Shillong: Farmers and Rangbah Shnongs from 9 villages in Thadlaskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District, under the leadership of Bah Jimmy Raul Kharmuti, Program Coordinator, FARM, Northeast (JHDS} and Bah Mutshwa Thabah The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to submit a petition on the problems of the farmers especially in the price of agricultural products.
“The following are some of the home remedies for pneumonia.
However, within the Hima, only the Wahlang Pahsyntiew clan can be the head Nongsynshar (Syiem).
Among some of the exposures include.
Application forms can be obtained from the Headmasters or Principals of the Centers and the deadline for submission is 23rd July. Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today summoned the Harijan Panchayat Committee for misuse of its powers in the name of the village. to verify the residents of the metor area.
Marak said that the increasing corruption and close relationship between Badri Rai and Company (BRC) and the NDA government has caused problems to the state and raised question marks on the cleanliness of the country. in practices as witnessed by recent events.
Awards will be given to the youth of the Kur who have excelled in their studies and the elders of the Kur will also be honoured.
And God saw the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt;
they should continually seek if to glorify God with their union from the first, and every year of their married life.
“How are you?” asked Maheh as soon as he entered Bah Shanbor's house. “I'm fine, I'm strong...” said Bah Shanbor. “Thank you for coming.
Minerals                                                                     .
Mrs. (L) Stanley Lyngdoh (77 years old) passed away on 10.03.24 at 11:10 AM at Dispur Hospital, Guwahati.
“The bill does not affect even 001 percent of the small population.
Meghalaya consumes about 21,000 metric tonnes of fish per annum and can produce only about 12,000 metric tonnes of fish.
She said that the Government of India has informed that the previous order summoning the Secretary has been issued but no information has been received yet.
Sten said that the residents of this area have faced many problems due to the lack of roads in this area.
On the 30th June, 2023, the baby was born at the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh, with the help of doctors.
Furthermore, the distribution of the money between the Hima and the Syiem's ​​household shall be the money received from the acquisition of land for the construction of roads in the Hima.
The additional subsidy will be T.200 and now the total subsidy will be T.400 per household for the beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY).
The office bearers of Laskeiñ Area were elected as President Wanbait Suchiang, Vice President Arki Biam, General Secretary Mine Lyngdoh, Asst General Secretary Bormi Biam, Finance Shanlang Wahlong, Publicity Richanki Syngkon, Sports Secretary – Bhakuper Biam, Advisor – O Paia Suchiang and 20 members.
“The MHIS has been a good initiative by the state government for the past three years and it is very important because it cares about the health of the residents,” he said.
“There has been no death in Nongrim Hills since 26th June and no death in RR Colony since 12th July,” the DC said.
He said the price of diesel is T.90.33 per liter in Guwahati while the price of diesel is T.84.10 per liter in Khanapara.
Sangma praised the hard work of the farmers in training and implementing scientific farming methods, and also praised the work done by the team in the tissue culture lab to produce rice seeds in Bio. Resource Development Center (BRDC), Upper Shillong.
Over the course of the last 60 years, the school always looked forward to receiving this honor.
Jowai: A 5-year-old girl has been abducted and killed in the forest at Priang village, Iooksi area. A tragic incident against women and children has occurred. and they took her by force, and killed her.
On the allegation that as an MDC he did not speak a word in the KHADC Legislative Assembly, Bah Teibor said, “On the 2nd of November, 2022, the Executive Committee has passed the Land Bill after 40 years.
At the same time, it was informed that no night parking will be allowed on the village roads and no vehicles will be allowed to travel inside the village on that day until the cleanliness drive is completed.
“We have informed the Minister of Electricity that the payment system of MeCEL is not smooth and efficient.
They require good care from harvesting, transportation, storage, processing, sales.
The raid came a few days after police arrested seven persons in possession of 390.56 grams of heroin.
Furthermore, Clause B-6 of the OM states that 'After each application period, the Reservation Roster shall be registered clearly stating that they belong to Khasi and Jaintia, Garo, other Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes and also to keep a detailed count of the posts that have not yet been filled, in order to move forward in the application process in the coming years.
Since 1981, AMKA has produced 200 athletes who have won medals in domestic competitions and 20 athletes who have won medals abroad.
So both of them went to Madanrting taxi rank.
Some Sections should exempt Meghalaya, even if it cannot be exempted from the whole Act.
Therefore, the Golden Jubilee celebration of the NEC will be held in Shillong on 18th November 2022 where there will be a NEC meeting and a public meeting.
The event was organized by Jaintia Reggae Music, Pulse Event and Samsawa Production.
I don't want to listen to Lang shiing sjisem.
“We request you to look into this issue so that the SSA teachers can get the income and benefits in our state,” said Bah Rymbai in the letter to the Prime Minister. the State.
Nongrum, who continued his protest, said that the PDF has turned the country and the nation around by deciding to accept the newly amended VAB and not the old one. The KHADC is the government.
I support this Phang but as you say he is against it but once you think about it remember that we Christians take one word of the Son of God Jesus I came not to destroy but to fulfill.
The deceased was identified as Rose Lyngdoh, 56, of Laitkseh village and the driver of the Maruti, Stanbording Marthong, 40, was seriously injured.
When they found out, the elders held an emergency meeting in which they also invited some of the youths who had started using drugs to investigate where they got them.
This was announced by Bah Farewell Nongkynrih, Secretary of the Hynriew Village Council, Shillong.
When there is a lack of youth to be the supporters of the society, the household of the state is also weak in all aspects.
One of the decisions taken by the Cabinet is that due to the shortage of supply of GI pipes in Meghalaya for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission, the Cabinet has allowed the PHE department to take the GI pipes. from other water metal manufacturers.
Three awards were also distributed to Mr Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, Mrs Aiboklin Rina and OM Roy Secondary School who won the 54th Subroto Cup Football Tournament in Delhi.
So far, 28,595 cows have been vaccinated, according to the department.
Shillong, July 27: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the present and the past have changed a lot especially in this age when many people have lost their mobile phones. relationship, closeness, unity or recognition within the community.
Teachers should be responsible for the future of children and the government is there to look after them," he said.
Another case, who came from Chennai by train, is undergoing treatment at JNIMS. There have been 16 deaths in Bangladesh from the coronavirus and all the deaths have been reported. The number of cases in Bangladesh has risen to 314, while the number of cases has risen to 20,995 with 930 new cases reported on Saturday, the health ministry said.
Studies from around the world, especially from South Africa, show that the introduction of cheetahs into African countries has resulted in the death of 50% of the relocated cheetahs.
However, the answer to this is that in the lives of young people, it is the color of the world that has come to darken their lives, they don't see anything in their own eyes, but what they see is There are all kinds of colors that have deceived or deceived many young people, who if they can't get what they want, their minds lead them to a life of lying, stealing and plundering.
Out of this, T.62.47 lakh has been spent for the G-20 summit, he said in reply to a question by Mawkynrew Chief Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The MLAs who became MDCs include HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong, Pynshngainlang Syiem from Mawsynram, Metbah Lyngdoh from Mairang (UDP), HB Nongsiej from Mawthadraishan (UDP) and Sanbor Shullai from Laban. -Mawprem (NCP) and Bah KP Pangngiang from HSPDP.
Sign language is a language that is closely related to the native language like other spoken languages.
Zechariah 14:4–5.
“The departure of Congress leaders is because the BJP has become an alumni party of Congress leaders,” Antony told reporters.
ADC West Khasi Hills was the chief guest in the presence of L. Syiem, District School Education, PB War Nongbri, Asst Director Sports Department. , Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer of West Khasi Hills and others who also distributed various awards.
The moment you feel angry or sad, try to forget them immediately and start thinking about things that can make you happy and smile.
All the RSs in Ri Khasi Jaintia have their power in their hands.
This is also the law.
He said, “You fools, don't pollute my votes, or I will lose.
The entry fee is 5000/- tyngka. The registration fee for players from East Jaintia District is 200/- tyngka. District – 400/-.
The rank of Rev.te is widely known to be for those who are skilled in religious activities who have attained that rank through study and training in religious and religious institutions.
Ukraine also claims to have killed 50 Russian soldiers who crossed the border.
The Prime Minister's visit to Hyderabad on the same day was to inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of projects worth Rs 11,300 crore in Telangana as well as the launch of the Secunderabad-Tirupati Vande Bharat. Express.
Besides, the Cabinet also approved the list of government officials who will hoist the flag and salute on the occasion of the Republic Day on 26th July in the state.
Last month, the GNLA had arrested Jude for allegedly lying to the Prime Minister that the GNLA had taken T.40 crore for the cleaning of the road in Chokpot. .
Speaking on the occasion, Pastor Phawa said, “On our part, we have clarified that Aadhaar has nothing to do with the Bible because the Bible speaks of the number 666 in the world while Aadhar is it's only in India"
The Deputy Commissioners have also been directed to arrange with the landowners who do not want to accept the compensation for the construction of roads in other districts.
NPP State President Prestone Tynsong said that in 2019, the NPP had agreed to support the joint candidate nominated by its MDA ally, the UDP. The NPP has not nominated its own candidates and there has been no discussion on this.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Officer (Supply), Sohra Civil Sub Division, today informed the public that the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for April release to the ration shop.
“The people who take care of these bridges, the owners of these bridges, are sorry for this negligence of the MBDA and feel that the wisdom of their ancestors which they have preserved and maintained until today, no one has They don't want the scientist who brought the MBDA to explain the science that their ancestors have done for hundreds of years,” said HM Shangpliang.
He strongly criticized the MDA government for violating the right to land ownership by extending the mining plan or SOP to mine up to 100 hectares of coal.
This was seen through the statement of our Deputy Chief Minister in the media.
Without forests, the temperature will rise and many diseases will quickly grow and spread to households.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, he said the VPP believes in “Clean Politics” and as a party does not encourage or train its supporters. that they may do evil things.
Shillong: Mawlai Sports Club and Wahingdoh failed to score in the First Division match of the Shillong Sports Association (PLA) on Tuesday at the JN Stadium, Polo.
There are 10 cases in Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The semi finals will be played home & away, while the final will be played in Shillong.
There is no science in this college.
Along with the good performance at the Commonwealth Games, the country hosted the Chess Olympiad for the first time.
According to the calculations, the market day should have been on Tuesday of the month, but surprisingly, it has been postponed to Tuesday or the second day which is special for Muslims before their Eid prayers.
The Deputy Commissioner (Election) urged all the residents of West Jaintia Hills District to take action and cooperate with the office to get a clean and transparent E-Roll.
He said that in the past 10 and a half months he has not been able to exercise, he has tried to spend two hours a day to exercise because he understands. that the physical strength of the body may strengthen the body.
Empower the VPP to investigate all corruption, violence and other crimes,” he said.
There were also reports that Process has been in talks to remove Pynshngain N Syiem from the post of CEM in KHADC on the orders of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Latyrke SC and Jaraiñ SC have won the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) at Lamyrsiang Stadium.
Dear readers of Rupang.com, you are the experts.
It was also decided to increase the vaccination rate which is currently 57% in the area, and urged the Center to provide treatment for other infectious diseases.
“We have been fined only because the office has had to fine us for being late in completing the payments related to the Transport Department and the reason is because the MVI does not come and does not I'm not sure if I'm going to be inside your office,” said the statement.
What is very interesting about this tournament is that the way of preparing for this tournament for the young players who have come to take part in this tournament is exactly the same as in the I.League or the I.League. Indian Super League, in which the children played, it was clear that Bah Eugeneson had instilled in them a lot of spirit to make these youngsters feel that they too play in these tournaments.
It is said that the cause of the death of the Dohkha in the river is because some people have used a bih made from a tree trunk, which was known as 'Kharu' and all the flesh that was in the river shall die.
The purpose of the MRSSA is to curb the influx of foreigners into the state in order to curb the influx of foreigners.
He gave an example that in the hotel industry and other industries, there are many foreign workers while there are very few people from the state and urged the youth to take advantage of this. you have wealth in your country.
We should not listen too much to the claim that the ethnic parties end up in Khanapara.
With the upcoming Lok Sabha elections 2024, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Tripura has appointed surveyors in 20 tribal constituencies.
The Meghalaya Police Football Team won its first victory by beating the Gorkha Association 2-0
Speaking to reporters, Bah Apsharailang Syiem Secretary of the Association said that the purpose of the Association is to promote the most important decision in the heritage of the children of thousands and the land of Hynniewtrep. We used to believe in words about the right to land but now it has been declared by law through the Supreme Court of India.
But true worship is based on God's revelation.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Khyriem said that Mahatma Gandhi gave us freedom and dignity and we should respect him.
Sorrow is cursing.
“It doesn't matter whether it is a freight railway or a passenger railway, the union and the residents will strongly oppose this project because if the railway comes, the benefits will be from the railway. for the people who come from abroad,” said Sambormi.
If you send a file or send a CBI to the VPP, then you should tell Amit Shah not to appoint a CBI, because it is not Ubah Arden who said that he was the first, but he said that the MDA government is the most corrupt inside. RI India was the first country to win the Nam bamsab.
The Open Volleyball Tournament will be held annually in which any village or team can participate.
Bormi Dkhar, Assistant Waheh Shnong, Wellson Siangshai, Deihok Siangshai, Treasurer Harning Siangshai and Chairman Jamris Siangshai were also elected.
If you explain to them about the famous mountains, rivers and rocks of the French countries, they know everything.
“Don't misuse the word jaitbynriew, because if they say jaitbynriew, even with the CRPF we are fighting, I would like to congratulate the party we have and as I am now, it is because of the parties I have”. said Shullai.
As part of the construction of the Ram Mandir to be opened on 22nd July in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh, Hindu devotees in Jowai on 21st July completed the Kalash Yatra by carrying water. shaki Temple.
The Government has often announced through the media to ensure and strengthen the functioning of communication channels especially in the border areas of neighboring countries especially with Bangladesh, but this has not happened.23 Naiwieng:U riew At least 45 people have been killed in a bomb blast at a volleyball court in the eastern part of the country today, according to media reports. .
reduce consumption of excessively sugary foods and drinks and maintain a healthy diet.
Mawkyrwat: The Independence Day of India was celebrated at Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Bah Alexander L. Hek, Minister of State for Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Fisheries and He also hoisted the Tricolor Flag of the country and took the National Salute for seven schools, including the NCC, Sngap Syiem College and the Police.
The White House said that according to a report received from the World Health Organization (WHO), the number of deaths from Covid-19 has dropped by 95%. people worldwide has dropped to 91% since last year.
If you are a father, you will not love him, you will not love him.
Bah Shadap believes that the government has appointed the State Education Commission so that the working methods of all education will be innovative so that the problems that have existed in the past can be overcome.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will meet on 10th June to discuss and take a decision on whether to support the Executive Committee (CEC). The meeting will also discuss the preparations for the MLA elections to be held next year in the state.
In a statement sent by its vice chairman, Nikman Ch Marak and Lamphrang Kharbani, the CoMSO expressed its concern over the slow and unfair action of the State Government to introduce the ILP Act to protect the ILP Act. In a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah P Tynsong, he promised the group that the State Government will implement the ILP in the State soon.
As a result of the blast, the belongings of the house were also damaged and lost.
The department was inaugurated by Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie in the presence of MDC Teibor Pathaw, Dr Helen Giri, one of the pioneers in the field. College, Principal C Laloo and students.
“We need the authorities to ensure order and order for the people but we cannot accept the working methods of MUDA,” said Dr Mawthoh. part that affects the public.
Shillong, Nailur 12: After seven days of strike, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the state government to call for talks with the teachers as the strike has affected them severely. school children in this state.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Fedrick Kharsyntiew, said that the department will continue to conduct inspections on Trading Licenses in many places in Ri Bhoi, in order to ensure that foreigners who come to Nongpoh: The Mawhati Market, which is one of the most prominent rural markets in Ri Bhoi District, has not been opened to the public. The village leaders of Mawhati, have urged the authorities to open the market and if they cannot open it, they have promised to run the market themselves.
The new cases include 21 from East Khasi Hills, 14 from West Garo Hills, 3 from Ri Bhoi, 5 from North Garo Hills, 3 from North Garo Hills, 3 from West Jaintia Hills and 4 from Eastern West Khasi Hills. Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills 1 There are 156 recoveries.
The total number of cases has risen to 448 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
“It is the first time in the history of the Hima Mylliem that two villages have come together under the leadership of one Rangbah Shnong,” said Paiem Ainam. Lawmei who expressed her happiness and hoped that it will be an example to others.
Meghalaya, which had tied first, had scored 108 runs and before the end of the match, Meghalaya, which had tied first, had scored 108 runs. Na Galand won 50/1
The Returning Officer of the District Council Election, West Jainti Hills District may also insist that all TV/radio and cable TV stations should not broadcast or produce programs related to appeals, debates or discussions for this purpose. the candidate of any political party that can participate in the election.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh blessed the statue in the presence of all the children of Bah Peter, relatives, government officials including the DGP and religious leaders among others.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 79 cases, 7 cases in Chiliangraij, 9 cases in Kpermynsnieh, 11 cases in Modop, 8 cases in Nartiang and 5 cases in Sahsniang.
There are 2,815 confirmed cases and 1,292 deaths.
The 34-year-old man was seriously injured when he shot himself in the ear.
“There will be no change in the MOU, because there are many villages near the border and I cannot promise anything now, but I will do that if we can discuss this again. part “he said.
In the report, it was reported that a child fell from the fourth floor of a house in China, just because of being beaten by his mother.
Educational Qualification:– At least B.E/B.Tech or equivalent degree in Computer Science & Engineering/ Computer Technology course from recognized College/ University/ IIT or other recognized Technical Institute offering Degree course in Computer Science & Engineering/ Computer Technology.
We are now witnessing that there are income opportunities even on social media which can even save lives and such new techniques need to be taught to school children.
Furthermore, this has prompted the leaders of the Tura area to strongly condemn the Minister's statement.
Besides these three, 11 consolation prizes were also awarded to the winners including Aibanson Snaitang, Goverius Mylliem, Barishisha Marbaniang, Kortilang N Rikordor, Myrboh Sisters, Sunmisha Nongbet, Dio Mediy. Diengdoh, Wancy Marbaniang, Evalyn Pyngrope, Ridashisha Pyngrope and Daphika Nongrum.
He announced that he will award a laptop or cash prize to the First Twenty students of Jowai Constituency this year.
KSU Nongpoh Circle under the leadership of Samla John Lyngdoh President, Baiashanlang Kharshanlor General Secretary today lodged a complaint with the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District. The presence of bilor bottles in the water is a serious threat to the public especially to children if they are consumed.
Therefore, as the world becomes brighter and wiser, the thinking of the people has fallen behind, has declined slowly, and the whole reason is that people have run to chase money, until they don't understand where they are, and what responsibility they have.
Earlier, the President of KAS said that if the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill which has been opposed by all the states and especially in the region is passed in Parliament, there will be no need for the introduction of the Khasi language. the opposition of any part of the world.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Before the National Sports Day 2023, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills have organized a prepare to hold the 5K Fitness Run on the 26th of July,
After receiving this information, the youths and the organization, stopped at Umsohphria and found a lot of Kyiad Pyrsi from the vehicle number ML-05-U. - 4988.
As part of the protection of land, boundary and shyiap, the union will meet again with the district administration of the new DC Bah E.Kharmalki to put forward its demand. to take strong action against the Assam government for disrespecting the border and violating the Environment Protection Act 1986, because the fish are no longer extinct.
Parents, grandparents, grandparents, should not stop or intimidate if there is no blood or want the song “U sim rynniaw bad ka soh lyngngem” to succeed. young men shall be destroyed, if there be no blood.
Lamboklang, who is the only MLA from the NESDP in the Legislative Assembly, was elected from Jirang constituency in Ri Bhoi.
“I chose DSK Shivajan Academy Football because it is a fully equipped training ground and has everything in sports,” said Halen.
In the women's category, Archana Suseendran won the 100 and 200m events.
It is worth mentioning that in the month of November 2022, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has allocated funds to purchase the necessary equipment for the hospital but sadly on 23rd June 2023, two trucks were destroyed. They came to the hospital to seize the items and it was confirmed that the items were taken to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
Within 24 hours of the announcement of the results, many BJP members have been killed and many others injured.
Sangma said he would send a written reply on the matter after receiving accurate information.
It cannot be said that all these things are happening due to the change of time and the excessive struggle of everyone for a better life and what can be called the struggle for wealth and it is shameful to say so.
Dr Mukul alleged that the Prime Minister has close ties with the drug dealer from Mizoram and showed a picture of Conrad , his wife and Henry Lalremsanga together at a large gathering in Delhi .
Fourth, it is the first session of the Budget Session for many of the new members of the Legislative Assembly who have just been elected for the first time.
According to the former Waheh Shnong of Mutong, Bah Helping Phawa, the legend says that in the past, the fish that came to this thwei at the foot of the Shaddakha Valley did not escape. This valley is located in Mutong village and other valleys. There is a valley in Mutong, including the Moopun Valley, which is called the Moopun Valley because in this place there is a valley that has been created by nature and has a road from one side to the other. There are also the Synrang First Valley, Wah Umtong Valley, Synrang-u-Jop Valley and others.
“Because the Government has not done anything, we will come out to block this road.
She said that it should be noted that the legalization of such marriages should not be recognized by law.
He added that the accusation against the BJP of being an anti-Christian party is one of the reasons that has affected the BJP in Meghalaya.
The treatment was conducted by a team under the supervision of Dr. Amit Malviya and Dr. Donbok Lynser.
, K.Jahrin 3000 mts.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Tuesday visited Ri-Bhoi District to inspect the MCH Hospital at Umran. Parila, the Trauma Center at Civil Hospital Nongpoh, the DMHO office and also to look after the shortages at GNM School of Nursing at Pahmsyiem.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Twitter, today announced that the state government has decided to close the border areas of Assam including Byrnihat, Jorabat to Khanapara in Ribhoi District. Lockdown from tomorrow, 30th July, until 15th November
Ribok Biam, President JSM Western Region and Paila Lyngkot President AJTCVA after the meeting said that the meeting did not reach any conclusion and said that all commercial vehicles as well as private vehicles should not pay toll gate fees until I have not corrected this work.
On the second day of the championship, 78 matches have been played in which the players from all over the country are expected to play well in order to qualify for the next round and also to win the title. eat.
Thus he stands and fights with them according to the laws and regulations of the Constitution.
D Program for Working Professionals is offered by IIM Shillong and Part Time Ph.D.
The District Magistrate of WJH District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS today issued an order to repeal Section 144 CrPC and the implementation of the night curfew in Sahsniang.
“Bah Titos also mentioned that there was a meeting on April 21 at my house.
The ruling party leaders and civil society groups have alleged that the division of constituencies in Jaintia Hills which has two districts is unfounded but was done only for the political benefit and advantage of the politicians in power. .
The Minister concluded, “We feel that our discussions are ongoing now and the local investors have already expressed their positions.
What lies beyond this.
Police moved to close the institution after receiving numerous complaints from students who had completed their studies there.
There may be many reasons for the infection and from what is understood, it may be because of their clothes or those clothes of this era of PPE, which are not enough, or food and drink and perhaps, working long hours, in their own jobs, which may be a few facts, which the State Government, should have urgently discussed and resolved the issues. the hospital.
“After 15 years, about 15 lakh people will be educated and looking for jobs and that is why the existence of such a company will help create many such jobs,” he said.
It is an old and large town with a large border and about 90% of its inhabitants are Christians.
“The whole world lies in the power of the evil one” 1 John 5:1
At the time of his arrest, it was found that the young man was under the influence of drugs.
Of course, we respect him because he has been an MLA for a long time and the people of Sohiong know well about his contribution but on the part of the party we don't have anything to say against him. “I don't think the sympathy vote will work because he is not a sitting MLA. When he prepares for the election, he is only a candidate and as a former MLA it is very different,” he said.
He said the government has received T.1.44 crore from hotels and homestays from the festival in November 2023 while in April the revenue was T.1.36 crore.
“If the CWC feels that they are not interested in living in Meghalaya, they should return to their original places where they came from Bangladesh and that they can do whatever they want in their own places. .
There is no one on the other side of the coal mine, and Rakot palat is on all sides (painted in Ha Ksan and Krem Iule).
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit on Tuesday launched an indefinite hunger strike. They were accompanied by party leaders on the footpath in front of the Secretariat to urge the state government to change the Reservation Policy.
During the meeting between the union leaders and the district authorities, there was a temporary clash, but through an understanding, the district authorities agreed to take action on the issue and the demand of the union leaders who demanded that The company should have paid the salary of the woman, but the union leaders left the place after the promise.
Shillong, July 18: The 108 Emergency Service Ambulance (108) has denied that there is only one 108 vehicle in Tura. patients in the area and another is the Inter State Facility Transfer (ISFC).
He said the health department will now send for testing in Tamabil, where there have been allegations that some people on the border with Bangladesh have tested positive for COVID-1
The fighting continues on the first day of the Russia-Ukraine war.
He said that this is just a mistake by the government to waste public money without benefiting the people.
When contacted by Bah V.Nongbet, District School Education Officer, Ri Bhoi, he acknowledged the problem in the office of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer, Ri Bhoi District. longer than fit to work.
This improvement should not lead to ethnic division or enmity between Garo and Khasi-Pnar.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has demanded that the State Government should immediately appoint an inquiry into the collapse of the dome of the newly constructed Legislative Assembly. in Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township.
Those who are to bury or cremate the deceased should wear adequate personal protective equipment, proper masks and handkerchiefs.
Ps, 16) Philippians 4:4
He sent his resignation letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District on the 3rd of this month.
These equipments include Endoscopy machines, CT Scans, Diagnostics, EMRIs, which have been lying idle, which have cost billions of rupees to provide services to the sick and poor in the state. .
Bah Shanbor asked for advice. Lok was very worried about how to give advice on such a great task.
The Minister said that the construction of the entry and exit gate has been scheduled for 60 days and for this reason, the government has withdrawn the old budget and allocated a new budget from The purpose of the construction of this entry and exit gate to the state.
She was also the first Khasi to graduate from the University of Law College, Guwahati.
You should write clearly in which block and district this village is located, so that there will be no misunderstanding.
He also reminded that the 25th Anniversary is one of the years of the beginning of these activities to improve the quality of many activities whether within the village, society or even in the country and the nation.
Sardesai was speaking in the House today in support of a motion by BJP member Rajesh Patnekar, who praised Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar for his support for the The bridge, named Atal Setu, connecting the Mandovi River, was completed.
According to my findings, the main reason is the negligence of their parents.
Trinity is a resident of Mulieh Village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 24: The Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem will file his nomination papers on Monday.
Chief Secretary Donald Philip Wahlang (IAS) was the chief guest, IAS Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Matsiewdor War Nongbri (IAS), members of the National Assembly. the Executive Committee of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, coaches, parents and children.
The parties which have been able to nominate candidates in these constituencies have started to show and express their views and principles until the people have been confused and confused, and the people do not know or understand which party is which. good and whose party is bad.
Regarding the invitation of the Acting Syiem only to the Christian churches, the CEM said that it is wrong to invite only the Christian churches but the Acting Syiem should also invite the villages or others. groups who received burials from the Hima Mylliem in Mawpat forest.
Prof Adrian Gombart of the Linus Pauling Institute of Oregon State University, who was involved in the research, said: “This research is very useful even though we still need to analyze and conduct research in man.
“Tikna said...” Panah added. “Where are you going...?” Rida asked again, “I will not leave but I will stay with you.
The residents who spoke to this reporter expressed their surprise at the distribution of the scheme which in the last four years has not shown any signs or has only happened once.
The Musiang Village Leaders also promised that if the BDO fails to deliver the ration and sharak in October, they will not hesitate to turn to the karma office of the BDO. They demand that the BDO should sign to receive the rice otherwise they will turn to the BDO's office,” said Bah Kharmyndai.
Although Malki had to play only 50 players, Rangdajied lost many chances to score goals and had to stay in third place with 5 points from three games. Ryntih SC has 6 points and Mawlai SC has 0 points.
Shillong, Lber 16: Commenting on the proposal of former HNLC Chairman and Mawhati MLA Bah Julius K Dorphang, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Julius K Dorphang, said that the matter is still in discussion with the government. The HNLC is not an illegal party.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem or Shad Weiking is the most famous and popular dance in this country among other dances.
NPP Nongstoin General Secretary Macmillan Kharbani and Joint Secretary Orland Myrthong have joined the Congress party to support the Congress candidate Gabriel Wahlang. Constitution.
Many of them are personal employees working in the Main Building for the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik.
In Shangpung Hima, Laskeiñ C&RD Block, the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung, Santa Mary Shylla will inaugurate the Lai Rong.
If you realize that they have fallen into the trap of fraud, you should immediately inform the police so that they can try to stop the money you have paid.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police have foiled an attempt by several people to revive the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
It proves that they are the Seng 'ïa Dawa ban Klop Lang'
The petition states that this is the same bill, which was passed by Tatagatha Roy, former Governor of the state, which has passed back to the District Council, to reconsider the bill. surname.
The Government of India is well aware of this issue and has directed the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to arrange,” said Bah Thaïang.
On the same day, when the HNYF went to help build a house for the Longkmie, they also helped to donate household items, which is a sign of helping the Longkmie, who has met with this is the Apot that is suffering.
However, the High Court has already granted bail to these persons along with the conditions they have to follow.
Especially to the paradoh parasnam who live in the border areas who are facing difficulties in their lives.
The KHADC and the Hima Mylliem should take strong action to bring about a clean environment in Ïewduh and surrounding areas.
Out of these 40 days, 7 days will be allocated for government work while 3 days for other private work will be presented by the MLAs. Conrad Sangma on the 18th and will pass on the 26th.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The KSU Laskein Circle has expressed its doubts that the government of Mukul Sangma will not be able to resolve the border issue by bringing Block 1 and Block 2 into Meghalaya.
It is at this time that he reveals to the world that he is the King and God of the world, here he tries to fulfill the desires of God for a long time by saying I will ascend to heaven. the distance is the highest.
I was sorry that he told me how much he had been treated badly by his wife.
In anger, Banshngaiñ Tyngsong and his friend chased him from behind and stabbed him to death with a stick and a plate in the face,” said SP Ribhoi Jagpal Singh Dhanoa.
“But I am sad that after 68 years of independence, not even 68 percent of the banks have accounts in India. Bank”.
Regarding this, Rupang today visited some of the cassette vendors who used to set up shops along the road from Motphran to Iewmawlong.
At 12:30 pm, police arrested the Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem, H. Khyriem, and the Assistant Secretary of the Syiem's ​​Square, Andrew Kharkongor.
The tournament started at 10:00 pm with the unveiling of the Lama of the Seiñ by the women of the Seiñ Raij Jalaphet. Before the opening ceremony, Manbha Lamare, Treasurer of Seiñ Raij Shangpung, welcome speech by Rangbah Rullin Dkhar, Executive Member of Seiñ Raij Shangpung. The General Report was delivered by Mario Biam, General Secretary of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij – 12 Daloi. Rgh, Kyntiewbor Sohtun Executive Member of Sengkhihlang on the topic “Strengthening the Tradition for the Survival of the Nation” by Rgh Chui Pohlynjar Doloi Nongtalang District on the topic “Ki Daloi ha Rgh Meliyo Lyngdoh President of the Seiñ Raij Muthlong also gave a welcome speech while the Lama of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Kyntu – 12 Daloi was inaugurated by Rgh Helping. Phawa President Seiñ Raij Tuber, said that the tournament was also attended by traditional dances from 31 departments of the Seiñ Raij and the Seng Khasi Laitmawroh.
Party: You can wear short or long gowns according to your taste, patluns and beautiful tops because these will make it easier for you to participate in dancing and having fun together. and friends.
These streams flow into the lower part of the Myntdu River, which has started to revive and be protected by the San Shnong,” said Ma Tyrnit Pdein, Secretary San Shnong Welfare Association.
Looking at these two players, it was witnessed that they tried to play well with the hope of continuing to win, but in the end they suffered a defeat.
“The truth is that not only the illegal tax collectors but the cause of this war is the insult of a Dkhar peon against our Jaidbynriew especially the involvement of our women in the road workers. at that time,' added the statement.
The KSU San Shnong Unit said that they are waiting for the construction of an electric post in Mukhaialong village near Kremlabit market.
After Joycy has done this job, she has been able to inspire many other women drivers.
While he was tied the second bell, shisha came in, as the old man had said.
Raj shone brightly in the match, hitting 11 fours and four sixes off 114 balls.
Para ri, surprise mankind now, or the inheritance, which will come, will not forgive you at all.
The project was funded through the Khelo India Infrastructure Scheme.
He gave an example that even the Government itself conducts an impact assessment when it plans to implement any project and it is the same if the Government conducts an impact assessment to understand the impact of the floods. and how much the State needs for development works because this research is not expensive.
Regarding the police's allegation that they do not know the reason for Deborah's visit to the area, she said that she had already informed the police about her visit to the village.
He said he had mentioned some of the problems in the implementation of the MRSSA as there are conflicts with the laws of the central government and this will create problems in its implementation.
According to the Minister, the cultural heritage of the region should be studied not only in India but abroad as well because of its richness.
The cloud cover lasted only a short time, and then the sky became clear again, and the sun was about to set behind the mountains.
Furthermore, the union demanded that the government which has been empowered to protect the land, customs and traditions and uniqueness of the people such as the District Councils (KHADC) should take action on the issue of clean marriage which can lead to the extinction of the nation.
Members of the Senate are currently investigating the failure of his performance as President, as there have been 449,068 deaths from the disease in the country.
Asteroids are said to be made of rocks and ice, but Psyche is said to be made of precious metals.
Authorities in the United States have been shocked by the number of suicides, which have risen to seven after the murder of George Floyd. to police in Minnesota, last month.
:Today, 7th November 2023, the HITO SWKHD under the leadership of Bah Paul Thyrniang, President and Bah H. Marshal Ramsiej, Secretary, HITO SWKHD. They met with the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank Mawkyrwat Branch to explain the problems faced by the people regarding the bank and to request to increase the number of employees at the bank. The Bank and especially to open more branches in other places in Mawkyrwat and Ranikor area so that the people who use this Meghalaya Rural Bank will not lose their days and time to Many of the people who come here to complete their work in one day cannot complete their work in one day because it is too crowded due to the large number of people. It also affects the traffic especially in remote villages.
The current curfew will end on 17th June
After retiring from teaching, he returned to politics in 1983 and contested the Legislative Assembly elections on the Congress ticket from Jirang Constituency. reap the fruit of victory.
“We are conducting a search operation on all the drug smuggling routes until we can eradicate the drugs from the state,” said the Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi. and the media.
The sad thing is that the Pnar doesn't call himself a Khasi and doesn't call himself a Jaintia who is a Dkhar Bangla.
The SP said the police have received a complaint from the public that a man who identified himself as Dinesh Roy has claimed to be the sales manager of Imperial Marketing. The office of the company is located at GWH Paltan Bazar, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.1.35 crore for the cleaning of Wahum Khrah and out of this T.1.35 crore T.1,25,97,557 crore. is spent while T.T.
residents of Dkhiah West, East Jaintia Hills including parents and youths have gone to search for the footpaths of their ancestors.
Therefore, the group has this time been able to fulfill the wish of the people, by setting up a Kali parking lot at Bijoy area, one of the places near Khyndailad.
Mukhla played strongly in the first semi final and showed their skills and understanding by beating CSA United 2-0
All schools have been directed to bring a maximum of 6 children from each grade for the inspection of the players.
In 1991, Speaker PR Kyndiah, under paragraph 7 of Schedule-10, which states – “No Court shall have the power to challenge the removal of MLAs under the provisions of the He removed the leadership of five Independent MLAs without a party, who had a hand in supporting the party.
“Now we are ready.
He said what all happened was not their fault.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest expressed his happiness that he was able to be present on this occasion and to see with his own eyes the true work of AMPSTA. The union will continue to work for the welfare of primary school teachers in the state as a whole.
Dr Khongjee said he joined the BJP after seeing the work that the BJP under the leadership of Narendra Modi is doing in the government for the people.
It should not be planted in the upper or lower parts of the fields but only in the lower or lower parts of the fields.
He said the payment of interest for 2016-17 will amount to T.551 crore and the payment of pension will amount to T.491 crore.
There will also be assistance to these children from Manipur so that they can live like others in the future.
Shillong: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Minister of State, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today held talks with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma on the issue of stopping the illegal mining and smuggling of coal from the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, RM Kurbah, today opened the Monsoon Salon at Keating Road Police Bazar.
The UDP has said that the rule allowing people from East Pakistan or Bangladesh who are currently in Meghalaya to nominate themselves for the post has been repealed. The Forest Department of the State Government.
Speeches were also delivered by Fr.Joakim Eka and others who said that it is time to spread the message to all the residents about the protection of trees. siej and wildlife that have begun to disappear in these days.
The scheme distributed by the MLA is from the scheme of Rs 2.50 crore for the year 2020 (after Rs 25 lakh tyngka has been spent on the distribution of relief to the people during the pandemic). COVID).
Shillong, Nailar 14 : The President of the BJP in West Shillong Constituency, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that the party has no knowledge of the intention of the suspended Congress MLA from West Shillong Constituency, Bah Mohendro. Rapsang sha's party will win the 2023 election.
Shillong: Former Chairman of the GNLA, Champion R Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has been in jail for five years and during these five years time has passed without understanding.
The crowd applauded and applauded.
“I am overjoyed, on the day I received the news that I will receive the National Teachers' Award 2023, I was very excited.
After this, it could not be held due to the outbreak of COVID-1
This will be completed by the end of June,
Shillong: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC), today said that after a meeting with Prestone Tynsong, the HNLC leaders have agreed that the talks will be held on Formal talks will start in July as reported in the media.
It has also become one of the most popular destinations for tourists from all over the state and abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Commander Shangpliang, Chairman of the Rilang People's Development Council (RPDC) has urged the MLA of Mawkyrwat who is also the Symbud Chief Minister to support the Union of Village Authorities. and to urge the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to withdraw from the decision to ban the employment of government employees.
Shillong: U Pawan Yadav, Manager of Amrit Cement, was granted bail today.
Metbah said that the desire to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District is because since 1976 onwards, there have been discussions, calls and meetings from the MLAs, Dorbar Shnongs and others. Sengbhalang, private individuals who demanded the upgradation of the Mairang Civil Sub Division.
However, the troops seized five trucks and a Bolero Pickup and arrested two assistants at the same place.
He said that in this budget, the central government has allocated T.30,000 crore for the North East.
The match started with a surprise and shocked the players of Thadmuthlong where Chutwakhu FC scored the first goal in the 9th minute. without preparation.
However, after the expiry of the report, the JSM yesterday went to close the door at the DSEO office. The DSEO, Kong A Syiem, has promised to appoint teachers immediately in LP and UP schools in West Jaintia Hills.
In West Khasi Hills, it will open a police outpost in Langpih, Kyrsai and Garo Hills.
The number of samples tested positive is 21,823, negative is 21,440, 320 results are pending, 43 have recovered, 50 are still positive and Two persons have died of the disease including an 8 month old child from Arunachal Pradesh who died at NEIGRIMHS Hospital today.
Before returning to the state, Dr. Nongtdu completed his training at Apolo Hospital, New Delhi and worked as a Senior Resident at Safdarjung Hospital, New Delhi.
Deacon Wester David Marbaniang of Mawlai Parish and Deacon Robert Marweiñ are from the Salvatorian Association while Deacon Ryngkatbor Dkhar is from the Diocesan Association.
The first place winners received Rs.5,000, the second place winners Rs.3,000 and the third place winners Rs.2,0 especially for those who are older than men and women.
m from Nongstoin and about 180 km.
All the students came as directed by the school authorities.
Jowai, 25th July: U Lyngngong Snieh (father of Dr. GL Niang) passed away on 25th July 2013 at 1:30 pm.
The State Government in recent days has dismissed several IAS and IRS officials. Principal Secretary to Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps.
This includes EGH: 04 (Others), EJH: 01 (Others), EKH: 380 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–378), RBD: 11 (Others), SGH: 13 (Others), SWGH : 19 (Others), SWKH: 03 (Others), WGH: 35 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –11, Others–24), WJH: 30 (Others) and WKH: 13 (Others).
They said that the statement of Bah Dasakhiat Lamare is not wrong because many of the development works have come to this area, after Bah Lamare became the leader of this area.
