Heavy rains will continue in remote areas of Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, East Rajasthan, Gujarat, Konkan and Goa, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Kerala.
However, the Congress party, especially Rahul and Delhi officials, say enough is enough.
As they grew and grew.
According to him, during the meeting, there were many clarifications on the questions raised by various parties regarding the roster system after the presentation.
The Mizoram government has decided to extend the curfew until July 30,
The health center is full of patients and patients from early morning till late at night.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, as the chief guest, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Bah R Kharbuki MDC Umroi, Bah Pynhun Rynghang President NPYF Umroi Block and many others. other elders of the area.
“If one person holds four posts, on the Board of Directors, even if there are any policies that have to be made, they will not be beneficial.
• The scheme will help to bring about justice in society by providing education and training to children.
Before the launch of the book, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Dr. Ïaisan Mawthoh Principal of Nongstoiñ College and Miss Ïakidakmen Kharmalki welcomed those invited to the meeting.
Then they cut them for about 2 or 3 days and take them to the house they have built for the purpose of keeping them by putting them in shken.
A cold winter morning makes people like to wake up early because of the cold.
Those who attended the inspection included members of the Committee, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Miani D Shira, Wailadmiki Shylla, Arbingstone B Marak, Damanbait Lamare, Remington Momin and other officials from the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
In an order issued on 24th July, the Meghalaya High Court said that since the State Government has approved and done what is necessary to implement the Government of India Act on Land Dealers and complete or prepare to make rules for the Street Vending Act
This village is located in the middle of Nongtrai area.
The MLA elections are approaching and the implementation of the model code of conduct has raised doubts whether the present government is still able to implement the new salary to all government employees.
Through a letter, Bah Lamsuk Langstang and Bah Lim Shadap requested the Minister, James Sangma to take action on this issue to address these problems faced by the residents.
All the Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of these Hynniew Shnongs and other prominent figures of the area were also present at the meeting.
The Dorbar, after discussion with several opposition members including Lakhon Biam and AA Shullai, decided to pass the Bill with the consent of the MDCs of the House today 20th July
"“We welcome anyone who wants to run.
It is learned that after these incidents, the PDF leader Bah Pynshngaiñ has received the support of many leaders in the state and he said that there has been a discussion to change the PDF which has received the support of all. MDCs in KHADC (except the HSPDP) as a political party.
Finally, the union has alleged that all this is just a waste of public money, if it is said that the T.1.30 crore is just an attempt, it is not a waste of money even in the midst of this. In this regard, the party will appeal to the PAC for investigation and to the central government if necessary for the benefit of the farmers. he added.
“Bah HDR Lyngdoh is an MLA who works hard for the people and his desire is to fulfill the aspirations of the people and therefore we are fortunate to have his brother Bah Synshar as the candidate. “He is also a young man who is skilled in serving the people,” said Bah Metbah.
The first two teams to play on the opening day were Hawakhana and Reserve Gittim, both from South Tura Constituency.
We will first consider whether to continue or cancel our seats.
From Tura Lok Sabha constituency, the four candidates include incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma, Saleng A Sangma, INC candidate Zenith. Sangma is the TMC candidate and Laban Ch Marak is the independent candidate.
How to resolve these difficult issues is not immediate and takes time to resolve these issues.
Shillong, Naitung 10: U Anirban Nath, 28, who used to collect insurance premium in the name of M/S Bajaj Capital Insurance Limited, has misappropriated T.2,62,8 which he had received from many depositors, but he did not go to the company and fled Shillong.
However, we have told the DC that when banning any food, it cannot be only in one or two districts and that decision can only be taken by the government for the whole state,” he said. said AL Hek.
Laitkor scored the last goal in the 56th minute when Lawei goalkeeper Solina Jaba shot from distance.
According to the Act, public servants will be required to show their cash on hand, loans, and other assets.
One writer said, “...every legislative act against any group has received the support of the highly colored Supreme Court of India.
We need a strong program to prevent violence against women," she said.
The flags and banners were hoisted at Motphran, Khyndai Lad and in front of the 10-foot statue of Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital.
You should not give ORS too.
We cannot refuse to inform this to the Commission of Human Rights because they seem to be doing something that we cannot do.
The lack of attention of these governments shows that they do not trust the poor in the state to provide assistance to the people.
Meanwhile, one of the relatives of one of the victims, Philip James Bamon, said that the relatives have not yet received their demand and they are still receiving assistance of T.3 lakh which they have received with the opposition. They demanded T.10 lakh tyngka along with employment for the family members of the deceased.
All the names of the three candidates, Dr. Pariong, Bah Gabriel Wahlang and Bah N. Nongdkhar, have now arrived in the district and the decision will be taken tonight.
“So far, T.31.29 crore has been paid to the contractor,” said Bah Sumer and the rest will be paid after the completion of the work.
On the other hand, the union urges the authorities not to be stingy especially during the rainy season as the people need the light and light especially during the online exam and online class.
He said that the state government will also take special measures to renew the mindset of the security forces of various battalions – to explain that the commandants and forces Police from different battalions are part of the Assam Police Department.
In 1949, he attended Government High School, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) from Pynthorumkhrah, on Tuesday said that if he had thought only of himself, he would not have needed to contest the elections. hours and earnings.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge today urged the CM to provide all the necessities to the states affected by the cyclone Michaung.
These two, the School of Theology and the Hospital are examples and if these are lost, they will disappear and the Church may disappear.
He also said that they have expanded health resources, promoted traditional medicine practices, and provided affordable healthcare facilities to all.
These vehicles were inaugurated by the Prime Minister at a function held in Rajkot, Gujarat. tip as to Food Safety on Wheel (FSW).
Therefore, the KSU has strongly warned the Longkmie Gas Agency not to reduce the amount of lyer that should reach the homes of the residents of Laban.
“It's easy to understand what you're saying,” he said and laughed.
Their souls are fixed on this city.
(M S Rao)Chief Secretary,Government of Meghalaya.
In West Garo Hills, 126 cases and in Darengal, 70 cases.
He said that these blocks do not have adequate workplaces for the officers to work which has made it very difficult for the employees to work properly and complete their work on time.
The Shnong authorities after discussion, so that we can prevent any problems during this time of Covid1
He said the Meghalaya Government should ensure that Khasi youths working and studying in Assam should not be harassed.
Nongpoh: Two months after, two months ago, people from Assam, allegedly led by Rupsing Teron, MLA Chingthong MAC Constituency, along with leaders from groups in Karbi area, raided and took away They have robbed the water pipes in Ummat village, but today, these water pipes, have been restored by the Assam government officials.
Now that there is electricity in Shillong, it is not difficult to build such houses.
When Bah Ardent demanded that the Government should not compromise the peace and security of the people to avoid another shooting incident, the Minister said that it is necessary to strengthen the police. State Police to reassure the public.
Kong Phawa said that if the state government, which is the head of state in the state, holds such festivals on Sunday, where can it stop the holding of Melas, Fetes, Jingkhwai? Sunday," said Mrs. Phawa.
He demanded that heavy compensation should be paid to the families of those who lost their lives as well as to those who were injured.
“Now is the time for us to stand together,” said Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). .
Plan appeals to all those who supported him during his MDC elections from this constituency to give their full support to u Nehlang Lyngdoh as he is ready. to support to reach the goal of victory and to bring more assistance to this Constituency and the State as a whole.
Scientists and agricultural experts can contribute more in this regard.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on November 8, AMKA Leader Samuel Hashah said, “It is not the first time that they have brought glory to the state. “This is also the first time for Meghalaya that we have taken part in the Ambedkar Sports Festival,” he said. National Kickboxing Championship 2023 in New Delhi.
“Since I decided to contest the 2023 election, I have decided to take steps to work together through the political party and not to shake hands and that is why I have decided to contest as an independent candidate. without joining any party,” he said.
Maruti has reportedly returned the rice and renamed it East Sunrise as part of the National Food Security Act. NFSA).
Shillong: In commemoration of the 159th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah, the Dorbar Shnong Nongkhyriem has honored Samla Bantiplang. Khongwir, who became the winner of the K1 Kickboxing Bantam Weight Championship 2021 held recently in Howrah, Kolkata, West Bengal, donated a cash donation along with Memento.
The last part of the ceremony after the kñia was the Jutang between the Doloi of Jwai Elaka as the head of the Elaka and the Langdoh Chyrmang who represents the Lai Langdoh.
In the case of Geeta Sangma CR No.101(K) 1991, the Gauhati High Court has ruled that the police who killed her husband should be punished and compensated for the death of her husband. handful of police officers in 1989, even by deducting from the salaries they were entitled to.
The Chairperson of the MSCPCR, Meena Kharkongor, said that such cases against children should be completed within one year under the POCSO Act. children because as the days go by, her age also increases.
However, Kong Kurbah declined to say how many crores or lakhs the government has released.
Mawkyrwat, November 03: The District Horticulture Officer (DHO), South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, in collaboration with the Agricultural Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA), Guwahati, The two-day program on the theme, “New Dimension in Marketing of Specialty Product of Meghalaya 2023” was held on the 27th and 28th November, 2023 at Nonghyllam Indoor Stadium, South West Khasi Hills District.
About 6 schools participated in the March Past and 8 departments participated in the Tableau competition.
HEADING Prestone will win if he contests from any party or Independent.
Two of the children who were herding cattle with them escaped injuries in the incident.
However, the Magistrates and Police who received information about the sudden arrival of these Sengs have been on high alert and prevented the members of the Sengs from turning up at the Secretariat.
“This Dkhar sold it at a price of T.90,000 tyngka because he said he was happy to stay because he was being harassed too much. the President of the MPUF,” said Bah Dapoiwanmi.
The MDC said the government should urgently take action against the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) and stop its corrupt activities as well as MeECL, PHE and other departments. to comply with the laws of MUDA, in the villages within the jurisdiction of the District Councils.
The end is the end of the word, The judgment is holy and righteous from the beginning.
The opening ceremony was attended by Additional Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang, CR Challam, Chief Engineer PHE, H Shylla, Waheh Mustem and others.
At the same time, he said the government intends to operate buses from Shillong to leave on time to transport passengers to Umroi Airport.
The theme of this synod this time is “They put out the lamps and did not burn incense” (2 Chron. 29:7).
The CHC Sohra has faced many problems especially the non-functioning of the X-ray machine, generator and others.
In addition, an additional award of 5000 tyngka per hectare per annum was awarded to those who maintain forests which have been registered as village forests with the Forest Department.
New truck tracks were also found around the coal dump which confirms that the smuggling of coal continues.
Pala said the central government should provide legal assistance and assistance to support the livelihood of the people of the state as they have been severely affected by the coal mining ban. On 17th June, 2014, the NGT has issued an order to immediately ban the mining of coal in the state as it has polluted the environment and rivers.
MeECL, besides being unable to meet the electricity demand in the state, has not yet decided to generate electricity from many projects.
Sohryngkham Sports Club and Umphyrnai Sports Club have won three points in the first leg of the tournament.
A letter filed by the Director-General of Police (DGP) in the Meghalaya High Court has revealed that the people who are the real owners/operators of the illegal coal mining factories or The Coke Plants are residents of Assam, and the same people have committed many illegal trade activities in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Lumparing has urged the Dorbar Shnong Laban to take action against such incidents so as not to allow people to commit crimes.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the maintenance of the National Highway-6 from Mawryngkneng to Jowai will soon start.
Who will come to the meeting and raise his hand to show that it has not been decided unless it is a heartfelt decision?
Four children aged 3 to 8 were killed in the blast as well as a Muslim policeman.
The Seng has warned against foreigners who try to dominate and steal the property of our people without thinking of their problems for their own benefit.
PFR Football Academy, one of the leading clubs this season, beat Umpling Sports Club 7-0 in the Women's League sponsored by Shillong Sports. Association.
Why don't you try to get out of the house, in the fields or drink bih khla?"This Covid-19 or Coronavirus is the most terrible disease, for which the world's medical scientists have not yet found a cure. to heal.
There have been people who have forbidden me to write articles, but I don't accept and I don't believe because this is my free will.
In a strong letter to party president Rajnath Singh, Advani alleged that the BJP is no longer a party with its own foundation. Shyama Prasad Mookerjee, Deendayal Upadhyaya, Nanaji Deshmukh and Vajpayee.
Why is it difficult for our Khasi leaders to fight to resolve the border issue until now? Or is the inability to check the border because we don't have permits and the Assam government will do whatever it wants because it has all the permits? Therefore, they have to wait for 50 or 100 years for the Assam government to speak after it has been able to release time.
In Matthew 10:22 Jesus said, And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved.
At this time all the bombs and tangmuri will stop and the diengkhlam will be placed on the square to thank the gods and then the diengkhlam will be taken to their respective villages.
He said the FTD would be a bridge to strengthen the relationship between the former rulers and the district council in khadar governance.
Tourists who wish to visit this new tourist spot should be able to walk to climb the hills and descend the hills.
When we have wise and intelligent leaders, it will be easier to lead not only the party but also in the administration.
From the Amazon rainforest fire, it has now reached the marriage fire of the two top leaders of France and Brazil.
DO NOT BE AFRAID GOD IS YOUR HOPE:If you say I am afraid.
In Jaintia Hills, it held a flag raising ceremony in public places, government offices including Khliehriat and Jowai.
Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak said a case has been registered and the investigation is ongoing.
According to the wish of these leaders, they said that first they want to fix the boundary and then complete the signboard.
At present, many of these villages under Block II are inhabited by Karbi and others.
New Delhi, Jymmang 26: The Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral DK Joshi, today resigned after two of the Navy chiefs were killed and nine others were injured. INS Sindhu Ratna, a submarine in the Indian Ocean, about 40 miles from Mumbai, was destroyed by a fire.
E. Dahlberg said: “A strong enemy is better than a weak friend.
2020 was a loss year in every way.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 58 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Guwahati on Saturday.
Scotland and Portugal have won while Belgium have drawn against Austria in the Euro 2024 qualifiers.
“When you get home, if my mother asks you where you came from, tell her that you came to meet me...” Niakha said. Rida was very happy when she heard those words. of Birth.
Speaking to reporters, former Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Nongrah, Bah PDkhar and Bah Jewel Lyngdoh Nonglait, said that as the people and elders, they have strongly opposed the proposal of the Rangbah Shnong to sell. This is the Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Mawlai SC and Laitkor SC have reached the final of the Women's Football League 2021-22 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
“Many rural villages have completed this project where every household has built a toilet,” said Ingty.
England captain Harry Kane has married his childhood sweetheart Kate Goodland, whom he calls his best friend.
Now, the sale of coal has stopped as there are no coal miners anymore since the National Green Tribunal has banned the mining of coal in the state.
The meeting was attended by teachers, students, including teacher PM Mukhim, and other Sordars from other villages in the meeting conducted by Bah Pynskhem Mukhim, Sordar of Mawdulop.
“He said that the second part of the VPP is to protect the right to ownership, as the indigenous people, such as the protection of land, dress, whether it is in faith, whether in food, they will sustain and this is what VPP stands for.
In the men's badminton category, Shillong College won the title while Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Vi Business, the marketing arm of Vodafone Idea, has vowed to introduce digitalization for the development of business in all sectors.
“We have been following up with the Central Government and urging it to take measures to stop the influx of foreign nationals into the state by implementing the MRSSA, the ILP or any law to curb it. “It's a good idea to have a slow influx of mynder into our state,” said the Prime Minister while talking to media on Tuesday.
Nongpoh: Nine persons from Assam were injured when a Scorpio (AS-01-DH-1716) overturned. in a worse area of ​​the NH-6 and on the border of Umdihar and Dulongnar villages.
She also alleged that her relative said that these officers also said that they don't want to hire Khasi, they want foreigners.
The prizes were awarded with syrnot and cash prizes.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nang Stadium.
In the Riewlum, Ri, it means the three districts of the Riewlum of Eastern India.
On such nights the officers eat and sleep at night, while outside the tents during the bright or dark months when there are many stars in the sky, the guards hear the sound of many kinds of insects and animals. such as elephants and other animals because this area at that time was a place where there were many wild animals.
Nongstoin, June 29: Three villages in the northern area of ​​Marshiang, Umïong and Mawdong are located on the outskirts of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. to Macedonia, Syria and New Zealand.
The time will come when mankind will have to face food shortages and starvation.
I am pleased that we have implemented the technology to launch the ASHA Payment App and to be able to overcome the challenges and difficulties of paying more than 4 months of salary to it within 10 months, making it easier. “It's a good idea to have a technology initiative,” said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while congratulating the entire team for this technology initiative. There are more than 14 lakh women in the population.
In these seven years, 19 lakh people have called 108 and it has been able to provide emergency treatment to 1.3 people in need.
Surendra Singh advised the people that if they don't have their own cow, they can buy a specially made umjung from Patanjali Pharmaceutical Company.
The meeting was led by the Minister of State for Rural Affairs of Assam, Chandra Mohan Patowary, Chairman of the Regional Committee, MLAs, Deputy Commissioners and other officers of both the States.
Sanbor said that the people of Shillong Parliamentary constituency should have changed their minds at this time and not to elect Vincent Pala because he has been in power for five years. he has spoken slowly inside Parliament without bringing about any development.
The protest was held without any violence.
Nongpoh, July 30: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today expelled many young men and women who had set up a bar on Killing Road near USTM in Ri Bhoi District. Flood District.
In this programme, Dr. Sabrina Iqbal Sircar spoke on the importance of gender equality and stressed that it should be equal for men and women and especially for men and women. men should respect women.
The Directorate will receive the support of skilled people so that they can negotiate with the central government departments,” he said.
According to a statement issued by the Assam Rifles, the two members of the KCP-PWG came to surrender after the Somsai Battalion under the supervision of the Inspector General of Assam. Rifles (South) were able to take measures to contact and persuade them to surrender.
Khliehchnong Ialong FC struggled to score, but the 7th Wasa didn't manage to score.
However, at this time a small truck of the BSF also came behind them and suddenly without any warning the BSF turned near the complainant and the refugee and started shooting. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Prestone.
He said that as citizens they have the right to elect leaders for 59 constituencies in the state, but now the threat is the distribution of unclean money by some people to every household. the house of the people.
Shillong, November 13: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday appointed new members of the FKJGP. Wellbirth Rani was elected as the president and Cliff Khongsit as the general secretary.
“This drip was given to me after I listened to the explanation of the doctors, they took a blood sample and found that I had not eaten anything,” he said.
“The Congress will not come to power after the elections but the victory of the parties will be divided among many,” he said.
"Yes... I don't know who did it to walk with us..." said Kongthei Daplin. "I don't know now, I don't trust people..." Lano said. sha lyndet..." Kongthei Daplin said again.
She said that the State can accommodate about 1500 nurses, but if we take the number of nurses at the time of application, it shows that they are too many, and cannot provide for there were about five thousand men.
“If you look at the BJP does not support the ILP, the Congress does not want ZILP, the NPP does not show a strong sign that it wants to implement ILP in the state, the UDP also demands that the ILP should be modified. ILP and those demanding ILP in the state are still only civil society organisations,” he said.
He said that as the village leaders they fully support this march and requested the people from the village leaders, mothers, fathers, young men and women to come out in order to condemn this march. that such things should not happen again.
“Our discussions with the central government will continue to ensure that these two laws will not come into force in the state through the President's announcement,” he said.
To say that those who aijaitkpa are the enemies of the jaitbynriew, is just a baseless slander, which HS Shylla used to use such words, when there were those who were behind him.
The Shillong College Football Team was led by Prof S. Lato in charge of Sports and other teachers while the Khatarshnong Area Sports Club was led by Samla Iengskhem Mawkhiew.
He said that on the 16th of November, the mother gave birth without any assistance in a commercial vehicle, as the vehicle was involved in a 3 hour traffic jam due to parking on both sides. road and overcrowding which caused traffic jam during the fishing competition held at Pamphyrnai Pond, West Khasi Hills.
On this occasion, the HNYF also paid tribute to Kong Badalin Kharbyngngar who is an arms wrestler who has won many tournaments.
KSU Narpuh Circle Secretary Kwill Siangshai, while talking to reporters, said that this illegal activity has started since 2012 and the KSU has lodged a complaint against it with the district authorities in Khliehriat. The district authorities in Khiehriat have not yet done anything on this.
The people are intelligent and ready to count and evaluate the performance of the candidates whether they are old or even new.
If you respect how your supporters have made insulting remarks against our candidate Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh at the rally in Umsning.
Whether in the countryside or in the countryside, Jaitbru and Jan turned into khar khrong.
Shillong, March 17 : The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival (STIEH) on Tuesday expressed its strong opposition to the government's decision to end the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday.
From there, it will produce all kinds of crimes, ruser of all kinds, until it is too late to think.
The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, a senior journalist who has made a great contribution to the media industry in the state. .
She said that seven qualified companies have submitted tenders to compete for the 108 service in the state and the government will select the best.
He said the arrival of the railway will help reduce unemployment in his Baghmara Constituency.
He said that he also plans to build a stadium at Adokgre and expressed his satisfaction that the Chenanggre Stadium in this area is progressing well.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Special Cell Police on Saturday evening arrested a man involved in drug trafficking from Umsohsun.
Therefore, Paiem Ken Syiem urged the District Council and Hima Mylliem to immediately remove Bah Ioanis Narleng from the post of Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, he added.
But the PCF refuses.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharmaliki said that if the students work hard now, there is no problem for them to study at higher levels because they receive the support and assistance from the government as well as from the civil society and villages.
“After this, we have seen that the Government has tried to implement the MRSSA 2016 in 7 villages,” he said.
On the other hand, the JHADC has urged the Dolloi, Sirdars and Rangbah Shnongs to follow the rules and implement this Act.
Nongpoh: Police of Khanapara Police Station, this morning, have recovered the body of a man from Beltola Chariali, who died inside a tourist taxi number AS-01-FC-6 which is located near the road opposite the CRPF Gate and falls within the boundary of 9mer Baridua village.
An IED blast occurred at the Police Reserve Camp in East Jaintia Hills District at 1:45 am on Tuesday morning. One policeman was seriously injured in the incident. There was no death and there was no damage to the area.
It is true that we need a good relationship with the people of Assam.
East Jaintia Hills District has nine MDC constituencies.
He said that recently the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has admitted that this scheme has been allocated to the Producer Groups (PGs) which belong to the farmers. “It is surprising that NPP employees go to the people to ask for account numbers with the promise to deliver money through the FOCUS scheme even in Shillong which is the city and This shows that the NPP is trying to turn FOCUS into a party scheme but we will not allow the NPP to misuse the government scheme for the benefit of the party. ," he said.
The Association has strongly prohibited that from now on, if anyone is found burning dynamite in Wah Lukha in the area of ​​the 6 Villages, they will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the 6 Villages Wah Lukha Association.
Adelbert said that the incident of Rangbah Shnongs was one of the incidents in Jaintia Hills, but the two cases there have been settled, but the case has been issued. decision on the 10th of November which will be a salonsar for all.
On the other hand, the NHAI has also clarified that regarding the inability to repair or build the drains in Khliehriat especially in Khliehriat market, the NHAI has already appointed a consultant to look into this. In fact, the NHAI has said that the drainage system in Khliehriat has been scheduled to be completed on 20th July 2022 and that there are still “If the weather permits, the works will be completed in Khliehriat town, but due to the heavy rainfall, the works will be completed,” he said.
In another development, KSU Lumshnong unit has organized a tree planting program as part of the celebration of World Environment Day.
Bhag Singh of the CPI described Modi as "Hitler" and said the election should protect democracy and the future of the country.
Shillong: The dorbar of the Kur Kharsyntiew Unit was held at Kynrut Village West Khasi Hills on Saturday in the presence of the office bearers of the Kur Kharsyntiew Youth Wing. Six months later, she found sufficient evidence that Rina and her brothers and sisters could not prove that she belonged to the Kharsyntiew tribe.
“We have already lodged a complaint at Shella Police Station since the day of the incident, and now it is the duty of the police to conduct an investigation and arrest those involved in the shooting and injury of youths in Sohbyrthied. " he added.
“I thought I would revive this skill of making tala and shaba the Khasi not to be the keys, talas but to give a memory to the tourists but when I showed these talas, the keys yesterday, many “Foreigners want to buy,” said Bah Michael and added that unfortunately he cannot sell because he has ordered to build just to show off in this market.
The incident happened a day after one of the chief doctors of the hospital was confirmed positive for Covid-1
There has been a lot of controversy over the rejection of the two votes of the ARPA in the last Chairman election. When asked whether the loss of two votes by the Congress was an attempt by the Congress to reduce the number of votes for the ARPA or was it the mistake of the MDCs on the ARPA side? Earlier, Teilinia Thangkhiew, who took over the post of Cahirperson, admitted that the loss of two votes was the fault of the MDCs. They are the newly elected MDCs.
On Tuesday night at 10 pm, employees of a hotel known as Hotel R.K.City Hub, Khyndailad, have broken into the room of a woman who was still sleeping. The 31-year-old woman has booked room 107 at the hotel.
He said that this will apply to all traders who do not comply with the rules of the HNLC. He said that the media should be free, but the media have been forced by the police. or to the government and said, “Many of the messages we send never come out because they are afraid of the police, or because they receive money from the police.
Therefore, it is like the Minimum Support Price but here, the purchase is by the sugar mills, not the Government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the members of the RBYF, said that as members of the RBYF, when these foreigners were arrested, they would like to take them to hospital for medical test, but They received information that those in need arrived at the hospital at 8 pm, but by 11 pm the work had not been completed.
U-17 coach Bibiano Fernandes on Tuesday announced the 23-man squad for the AFC U-17 Asian Cup Thailand
The Executive Dorbar has issued Order No. SS/B-V/2
Former Mawlai MLA, Bah Process T Sawkmie, said that despite the criticism from other political parties in the state, the UDP will continue to work for the development of the state. and especially the issues of the nation cannot be solved.
They explained that due to the Covid-19 pandemic, vehicles have had to run only on Odd/Even numbers, which has caused a lot of trouble to those who come to register their Aadhaar in these villages. They arrive at 11 pm and leave at 4 pm with only 20 people per day to register Aadhaar.
The five arrested are Deishim O Lamurong, 26, Bakstar Dkhar, 32, Cherishme Dkhar, 23, Eborlang Nongtdu, 35, Emerson Dkhar, Henry Shangpung, 32, and Thynda Lyngdoh, 36 years old.
She said that the Union will strongly demand that the State Government should shut down the GVK as the delay in operation has increased and the existence of this company is now only a shynrong.
He said the government intends to hold it in a larger manner so that the government can collect more revenue from this team shooting.
The Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that all the suspects are from South Tripura.
The court has directed the government and the District Council to consider immediately to resolve the issues so that the garbage can be removed from Jowai and to ensure that there will be no outbreak of any serious disease, especially such as the Water-borne diseases are diseases caused by waterborne diseases due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days.
She urged the Cooperative Society Department to raise awareness among the public about the schemes and assistance facilities of banks to encourage the residents and youth to set up cooperatives and stand on their own feet.
The last service was held by the Iooksi Presbyterian Church at 11:30 pm at the ground floor of Tymmen Basan's house. The body of Tymmen Basan was taken to the church and the funeral service was conducted by the Moderator of Shangpung Presbytery.
Nana Patekar denied the allegation and sent a letter to Dutta to withdraw the complaint and apologize publicly.
“From the 27th, the opposition leader will go to bed and will not speak on these allegations as the polling has ended at 4 pm.
“It has protected the people in the North East,” said Conrad.
They submitted a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday to request him to allocate 15% of the Reservation Policy in the State.
Four other matches ended in a draw.
Therefore, there is no question regarding the legal battle regarding this demand to arrest these illegal immigrants by the relevant government authorities,” said the HYC leader. Synrem said the party has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the Defense Estate Officer, Guwahati and other relevant government departments to clarify and expedite action against them. Otherwise, the Seng has no choice but to conduct a thorough investigation together with the prosecutors and the media for the benefit of the people. church, said Mr. Synrem.
Shillong, March 07: Although the National Green Tribunal (NGT) Principal Bench, New Delhi has banned the mining of shyiap or stone, it has not affected the price of these minerals. it's the same.
The Super Division match will be played between Khimusniang and Mukhla Raij at 2.00 pm.
IV/2023/152 Dated 11th July, 2023.
“There is a lack of trust among the people towards the police in the society but I believe that it is because of the presence of the police that we have peace and stability in the state,” said Ma Lahkmen.
The curfew from one district to another remains in place and other curfews have already been announced along with other activities exempted from the curfew to curb the spread of COVID-1
The loss of electricity especially during the rainy season and strong winds in these areas has affected the entire village and the union has demanded from MeECL and the government to provide the electricity at the right time.
This discoloration has also caused deaths of fish and other life in the river.
Because the district authorities feel the need to preserve the environment, they have decided to join hands with the villages, schools, colleges, religious organizations to conduct programmes. various to protect the environment.
Shillong: After several hours of heavy rainfall in Shillong, floods have witnessed in several places, due to heavy rainfall which lasted for about 10 hours on Friday evening.
Shillong: The Nongjri Presbyterian Church, Rangthong Presbytery, was scheduled to host the KJP Assembly from 11th to 14th June 2019, but due to the elections to be held in 11th June 2019, so the service has been postponed to 25th to 28th June
KSU NKHD President James Mawphniang, Secretary James Mawphniang, HNYF Northern Region, Students, Parents with others.
Although this road falls under the jurisdiction of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), the PWD department of the state government cannot just say that it has nothing to do with it. state of Meghalaya.
The confidentiality of people living with HIV/AIDS is essential so that they are not discriminated against or discriminated against or expelled from the village and so on.
The Chairman of the Tournament, Teddy Laloo, said that 138 students from 16 schools in West Jaintia Hills District have participated in the tournament.
“This is not the first time that electricity has been cut off in this area and many people have lost their lives including the rawon due to the tyngkhuang.
Rowell sat in the second row seat and remained there until the end of the meeting.
There are 974 recoveries and 13 deaths.
He admitted that the recruitment is going smoothly as usual despite the call to renew the reservation policy.
This is not because they intend to harm those who come to visit but it is just a precaution.
They also used to force the VDPs and those two houses belong to Kwiskelda Lyngdoh Marshillong and Sngewbhalin Paliar.
Babu Jeebon Roy of Mairom was concerned about the future of the students.
Shillong, July 07: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday informed the High Court that it has accepted the blue print proposed by the government for the relocation of 342 households. Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) office has been destroyed by the Harijans living in Mawlong Market.
Lalduhoma was first elected as an MLA in 2003 from Ratu constituency as a candidate of the ZNP. Lalherliana.
In the midst of the fight against the coronavirus, ISIS militants have expressed their gratitude to the violence of the disease, saying that it is the disease of God's punishment. .
Speaking at the 10th Anniversary of Emjay Secondary School, Laitkor today, Kong Ampareen said that Laitkor is no longer a rural area and has become a city like Laitumkhrah. of the school and children testifies to this.
On the same day, the HFU also met with the former CEM and Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne to express its gratitude to him for bringing the I'm like the Bill.
In the bowling, Meghalaya used nine bowlers and among them Khurana scored 2/12 points.
Regarding this incident, the Seng strongly condemns the bloodthirsty Delimon Shadap from Shyntor (Mawhati) and who came to Umran Niangbyrnai. The law and the authorities should do what is necessary and strictly so that such people or such people who do not have the spirit of knowledge or compassion will be punished. There are evil spirits and bloodthirsty people who cannot enter the land of our ancestors.
“The Government has introduced sports in schools as part of the school children's physical activities. and it also frees them from bad habits especially in alcoholic beverages”, urged Babu Staising to the students.
On the other hand, Prof. Nari Mary Lyngdoh, Head, Department of Anesthesiology & Critical Care, expressed her appreciation for the steps taken through this collaboration between ISCCM, NEIGRIHMS and the Meghalaya Police Department. prepared in connection with this subject.
Some of the residents, who did not want to be named, expressed their surprise to see that the road has been laid for a long time, but until now no signs have been seen. from Mairang to Rani, the road which has just been laid the foundation stone, but now the construction has started.
The incident happened on the night of 9th October 2023 at Sohshrieh Mukhla village where two persons named Damut Bang and Palmon Sari allegedly tried to take their lives. of Solomon's house.
For more information please call: 8132003424/8974405178/9
I am speaking this by sight and not by hearsay.
He said that after the MTET examination in Dadenggre was suspended, the department had planned to issue the vacancy news but at that time the District Council elections came and the model code of conduct was announced. .
He was speaking as the chief guest at the final of Ri Bhoi Super Star which was held today at Umsning organized by LS Syiemlieh Production in collaboration with the NPYF Meghalaya Unit.
They took the initiative to bring victory to Meghalaya against Covid-1
Thus, in 1972, the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 was passed and through this Act many National Parks were established across India.
Lucifer Satan and his angels are also in heaven.
The UDP has taken this step to convene a meeting of all three parties (KHNAM, HSPDP and UDP) to end the turmoil in the ARPA. “We will also bring forward the replacement of the ARPA leader in the KHADC,” said UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong. this Friday.
This traffic jam has also caused the destruction of Shillong.
Housie will start at 6:00 pm.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills on Thursday honored and congratulated Donbor Rumnong at the Shillong Press Club.
The bus was traveling from Agartala via Dhaka to Kolkata.
Police have registered a case against FKJGP leaders at Sadar Police Station and Laitumkhrah Police Station for the beating of pedestrians and damage to vehicles of rally marchers on Police Bazaar, Malki and Dhankheti roads.
Mourinho's decision to sack Mourinho was confirmed this afternoon and United will pay him his £22.5 million salary.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The Congress is now preparing to look for another candidate from Mawphlang Constituency after receiving information that its former MLA Kennedy Khyriem has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP). the party in power in the state.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who has called for a meeting with the leaders of MGLPSCTA, has promised that the Government will extend the age limit for the MTET examination for 800 candidates. contract school teachers.
We Khasi in Mumbai, we are in a whatsApp group where many of us, we share stories and other events, or even problems.
The North East will be the worst affected by the new UCC Act as many states are Christian states like Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: A house in Rongsikong village, near Plasha village in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, has suddenly caught fire at 9 pm this morning. and all the belongings of the house were burned up.
On that day, another public meeting will be held to take a final decision on how to proceed regarding the border settlement.
Nongpoh: U Bah Henry Nongrum has been elected as the new Rangbah Shnong of Shakhoikuna Village in Ri Bhoi District.
He urged to vote according to their own understanding and will and not to succumb to the propaganda of others.
Kmoiñ Wahlang has won two trophies and two medals in the Mawlynnong Runsafari 2022, which was held on Saturday. fourth place in all race categories and received the oldest runner award.
“The reason why the people are against the Congress is because the growth in the hands of the Congress has stopped.
“We request all non-government teachers not to take part in any government meetings to celebrate Teachers' Day on 5th November, but to attend the rally,” he said. JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem.
Due to the large number of cases, the public is therefore advised to follow the guidelines.
The program ended on Tuesday, but there was a slow slowdown and no people flocked to the market.
The ambulance will be operated under the supervision of the HITO Sahsniang Area to provide the best health services to the people in the community and especially in the area.
Bah Brave Not.
We remember Father Sngi, who was also one of the intellectuals, who worked hard to promote the Khasi literature and culture of the Hynniewtrep people. SBUK's famous debate on the theme “To Drink Or Not To Drink” was held on 3rd July
This news was sent through the email of the Secretary Shnong to Rupang News but it did not reach Rupang News. on 26-Sept-20, almost two months since the village has been closed since August.
SHILLONG: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Jaintia Autonomous District (KHADC) will introduce the Fisheries Amendment Bill the part of the rivers, and the drinking water, especially the fish.
He said that besides these poor people, there are also those who have no names who have received this scheme according to RTI. “In 2014-15, one Tristina Nongshli who is not in BPL list and non-resident of the village has received this scheme in the name of the knie of Pay Nongshli,” said the PPM leaders. but only the owner shall have it.
The Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on 23.02.2024, the Madanrting PS Police Station has arrested an unidentified man aged 30-40 years old. MES water pump station in Wahumkhen, Happy Valley.
On the other hand, Samla Joplang Kharnaior Assistant GS of HYC Mawshynrut Circle, swore in the office bearers of HYC Mawshynrut Circle and urged the army to look after the Jaitbynriew as we see that there are many destructions.
Mumbai, Jymmang 12: The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its allies have been able to form a government peacefully after the 16th June 2016 polls.
It was witnessed that the Assam Police have implemented the decision of the two DCs, West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills District on 28th November after the clashes between the Karbi and Pnar people.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question on the spelling of the Khasi and Garo languages, which was brought by George B Lyngdoh MLA, He said the government will look into whether there is a need for a committee to look into the issue.
The HYC office bearers have expressed their concern over the excessive increase in electricity bill in the villages of the area which has affected the residents even though they get electricity only for 10 hours a day due to the lack of electricity. of power outage.
Meghalaya will face Mizoram in the final after beating Nagaland 3-1
The tournament is also Mairaj's fourth ISSF medal in the men's category and fourth for Ganemat, which includes a second gold medal. in the immediate competition arena.
He also urged the shopkeepers and residents of Iawmusiang to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong and the JMB garbage truck and to throw the garbage in the trucks and not to throw it without finding it.
Pammanik won 6-1 against Lumpyrdi.
Furthermore, funds should be allocated and implementation should start for the ANM to be set up in Mawkyrwat.
The leaves and flowers are also edible, but they are less nutritious than the symbols of rynsun and are eaten especially when they are young or tender.
Madonna Nongsiej, Additional Project Officer of Mawkyrwat Block, urged the residents of the area to register for Aadhar because without Aadhar many benefits from the government will be lost.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has expressed the need for equal distribution of property in relation to Muslim husbands. to be given to the wife, according to the discretion of the government.
Two rooms where the employees were staying were completely destroyed by the blast, sources said.
He added that the JHDS has a responsibility to take part in the problems faced by the people at such times.
Not only that, recently, during his tenure as CEM of the Khasi District Council in 2019, he criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, for not releasing the bills of the Khasi District Council. He said that Conrad can only speak English, but does not understand the laws.
I didn't even know what disease, the cat gets" she adds.
Change must come and the people must understand their role in bringing about a clean and transparent Government and they must not wait for money.
If the state government does not respond, the party will hold a 10-day protest.
Shillong: There have been 317 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 382 recoveries and 9 deaths, of which 2 have not been injected.
Villages that used to produce dozens of trucks of rice per month now produce only four or five pickups.
“We have decided to inform (the Deputy Commissioners of West Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and Hamren) because people carrying guns are moving from Pnar villages to Block-I. .
Who will win will be revealed on July
They also added that if they get a film to act in, they will have to play the role of mothers-in-law and compared to Amitabh, he gets to give a better role for himself. and more personal and important.
The State Government today issued a clarification that the issuance of Notification No.DC/L/VII/3/5/1754 dated 20th July, 2015 by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong. the Gazette No.92, dated 21st July, 2015 is invalid.
Bun only does bad things.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad Sangma, today said that he has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam regarding the tied, bomb and abduction of two residents of Mallangkona. in the Assam police.
The Seng is also pleased to say that the tax on vehicles should be reduced by about 80% as many commercial vehicles have not been able to operate this year, said a statement from Bah John N Lyngdoh. , President, HYC, Shillong City.
The first aid drive was inaugurated by Tura MP Agatha Sangma in the presence of her mother, who is also the wife of former Lok Sabha Speaker PA Sangma.
He said that the ban on slaughtering or eating cow meat will be up to the state government.
The party also warns foreigners to be vigilant in the future.
The training rooms, lounges, medical rooms and dining rooms are combined rooms that have been decorated to make these rooms a pleasant place for everyone to stay.
Parents of rural school children, I would like to advise you how to send your children to school from primary school to college and university.
“The people of Selsella have taught me about politics, I have gained a lot of knowledge in politics here,” he said, adding that he continues to spend more time with the people and the problems of Cell.
We are the inheritance that saw the rise of the Tree of Life, which represents the land of Israel.
R.Songthiang -Bronze -61 Junior Boys Kumite.
Sunday School Day is the happiest day because on this day we wear new clothes which we will wear again on Christmas Day and the happiness is also that we receive prizes after passing the Sermon Examination.
He was a student of Kyndongtuber before coming to study at the school from Class VIII. He also brought honor to the school in the SSLC examination where he came in 15th position from top 20 at the time of your Matric Examination.
“Furthermore, if the Government feels that the rollback of the Roster System should compensate for the loss of Garo since 1972, it is like a punishment, a punishment and a crime against the Khasi youth who are looking for jobs. now.
Regarding the foot over bridge connecting Mazzerello and Marianhill Schools, the union has requested the DC to remove the bridge.
“Speaking on tourism, he said that this is one area where the government can work to create many opportunities for the society. These sectors will be developed to bring income to the state”.
Kharmalki said the Navy will inspect the area again on Tuesday morning.
“I think he (Mukul) was present at that rally, where does he put his face when he says that,” she said. I don't want to be in another State.
Nongpoh, June 19: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation, Umtangar Unit has called on the government to take action against one of the villages in the Patharkhmah area. Khia today came forward to dig and improve the road in the village for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
No one died at all today.
“It is a great blessing on the arrival of the Synod, a spiritual blessing and also a blessing to the village in development and a blessing in all aspects, and with the cooperation of all we can achieve “It is good to welcome prayers to improve roads, water supply and other benefits,” said the CEM of KHADC.
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has T.2.56 crore while Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has T.2.73 crore and a farm in Palwal, Haryana.
In these three departments, he said that he will appoint staff who will be called as Co-ordinators and they will have to go around the constituency where they will be divided into their own. section.
Banshemlang Janong scored in the 20th minute and Keystar Malngiang in the 75th minute.
“We will change the Reservation Policy and we will demand the removal of all those who hold the post of Chairman, by the people who have won the election, because it is the money of the people and not the money of Conrad or Conrad's father. ", he added.
Germany, USA, Canada, Turkey, Malaysia, Finland, Estonia, Taiwan, and Gabon among other countries will participate in the five-day exhibition. see the various products and learn about the modern equipment and technology used.
The winners of the election include four candidates from Garo Hills – Dr Mukul Sangma from Songsak, Miani D Shira from Ampati, Rupa M Marak from Dadenggre and Dr Mizanur Rehman Kazi from Rajabala. and 1 from Khasi Hills, Bah Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai.
Nongpoh: The Chief Minister of Nongpoh, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA and Bah Balajied Rani, MDC, today met and submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma. The state government, in order to express to him on their demand for the implementation of the Umden C&RD Block.
The Council also proposed 1971 as the year of registration.
He said that they can provide assistance to the farmers to participate in the project.
The encouragement from the Central Government to increase India's economy to $5 trillion with the participation of the Meghalaya Government, which can be achieved by encouraging startups in the country.
The servants came and told the family to choose the ksiang who would go to meet the young man. The ksiang might be his son or any elder whom they trusted.
It was as if he had just been built.
Other speakers were KC Nongrum, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads) Ranikor Division, T. Shyne, APO Ranikor C&RD Block. Ranikor who gave the welcome speech and Bah L. Parïong, BPM, NRLM of Ranikor C&RD Block gave the welcome speech.
For that reason, there are those who don't go to vote and don't stand in line even after 4:00 pm,” said Bah Bindo.
Kmen said the CCIB is against and does not like the actions of the Forest Department and MeECL who have gone to inspect and cut down the trees for the purpose of running the project. signboards and electricity supply in the area.
The MLA expressed his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the incident.
Hundreds of AYWO members along with members of GSU/FKJGP/ADE/NESO took part in the protest to demand the repeal of CAB
She said that in these days, it has been seen that a village near Lumsohra where the Kharmetor builders have dumped the soil into the river and there is no Rangbah Shnong to look after this and this is dangerous.
We need to find all those who do 'Benami' because they are the destroyers of the state and the nation.
The statement said that the Chairperson has learned that she has been removed from her post through social media. “There has been no notice of the allegations against her or permission to I will be punished according to the rules of the law.
Knowing how to bat and control time is essential for everyone.
“The statements of the BJP and the NPP are only lies to the people and they are in the same field, they have been deceiving for five years, therefore, don't be deceived anymore in this election. ", said Mahua Mitra.
Lyngwa, Commandant of the 1st MLP Battalion, will replace the incumbent SP Davis NR Marak, IPS.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that according to the rules of the 10th Schedule, 2 out of 3 or 2/3 of the majority is required to leave any political party. The MLAs who have left the Congress party are no longer subject to the Anti Defection Law.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Ampareen, congratulated the Seng Samla for organizing this award ceremony and said that it will be an encouragement to the youth to strive for the goal of knowledge and especially to have a competitive spirit in their studies.
There is also the possibility that these living things may be contaminated by other living things in the universe.
The UCC would be a nuisance if it struggled to come up with a definition of marriage that is not between one man and one woman.
In a statement, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said that the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma has just repeated that it is a continuous process just to mislead the people. political parties and civil society organizations to say that it is no longer retrospective.
The NPP has confirmed that it has no doubt that it will form a government in GHADC and has also confirmed that it will win the Chairman election to be held on the 21st of this month. The CEM election will be announced later.
Explaining about the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang Unit, he said that the unit in Jirang is headquartered in Shillong and he has been appointed as a leader in the Jirang area.
Many MLAs have been criticized for having to speak out.
However, it is not known what will happen if they become government ministers.
Shillong: Karendra Barman, 52, of Weaving Colony, Williamnagar, died at Tura Civil Hospital, while Wolfang Kharkongngor, 55, of Pohkseh, East Khasi Hills, died at Tura Civil Hospital. Manindra Dev, 69, of Oxford, East Khasi Hills, died at Woodland Hospital, Shillong, Subhas Sarkar, 68, of Nongpoh, Ribhoi, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong, and Birendra Ray (65) of Ladthalaboh, West Jaintia Hills, died at Super Care, Shillong.
Ladakh and Jammu & Kashmir have a bright future, they have grown rapidly in the last two years. thousands of highways and hundreds of bridges.
She said that the Managing Committee requests the Government to pay the salaries of the SSA teachers as soon as possible and not to wait until the protests by the honorable teachers but if this happens during the school authorities will Teachers cannot be employed when they leave school because they have to go to work to provide for the needs of the household and if this continues, education will decline slowly and the reason is the actions of the Government.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Students of NEHU today protested against the lack of a full time Vice Chancellor.
According to the notice issued on 26th November, “The committees shall send their report to the Government of Meghalaya within 45 days from the date of issuance of this notice based on the visits. survey of the villages and based on an agreed basis on the history, the presence of the ethnic groups living in the village, the willingness of the people to receive Government services and the will of the people of the area.
Jerusalem : Jerusalem comes from the ancient Hebrew word "Jerusalem" which means city of peace.
Not only that, the government should also expedite the provision of assistance according to their expenses, not just baishun.
The SIT has arrested Jefferson Jana, the father of the children, one four-year-old and two-year-old.
Roy said the same contractor has not completed the work assigned to him to improve the road from Laitkynsew to Mustoh.
The Secretary of the Mining Department of Meghalaya, Bah E.Kharmalki, said that the opportunity to mine coal in the state will also bring about another opportunity to generate electricity and this is the hope that He said that this method of mining coal which is scientific mining will not endanger the environment and human life and will not cause more incidents as it used to happen. deaths in coal mines.
Shillong, July 10: The Directorate General of Assam Rifles on Monday inaugurated an Open Air Gym at Nongkrem Market.
In a few years it will happen, if this storm continues as it is now.
So there is no fear of the disease," he added.
It has set up more than 1.5 lakh Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Centers and has built a network of more than 9,000 Jan Aushadhi Centers supplying locally produced medicines to more than 700 districts.
He said the closure of these gates will be from midnight on 23rd May 2020 to midnight on 31st May
U Bah Khongjoh said that the cause of the incident is not known in what way the house burnt down and he too was injured. what a bad sign in his life and he is also a man who doesn't drink or eat.
There are many ways to fight for the rights, and it is not only in getting or not becoming the capital of Meghalaya.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma during the Question Hour on the last day of the dorbar synrai in reply to a question by the Congress MLA from Umsning constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh on Thursday.
It is learned that many other parents of Margherita area, who have lodged a complaint with the police, regarding the addiction of their children to play the game PUBG. and #blue_whalesMany young children are addicted, even they lose their lives because of the blue_whales.
JOWAI: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU-JHDU) has elected and confirmed Garland S Manner as the Executive Committee of the KSU-JHDU. the General Secretary of the KSU-JHDU.
The award ceremony was held to encourage and promote these youths to continue to work hard and succeed in their studies so that it will be the honor and future of their families, the community, the area. the Shnong creates the country and the nation as a whole.
There are about 7 billion paid people in the world today.
Ma Thombor said that other villages on the border like Khanduli, Lapangap, Moolaber, Psiar and Khatkasla do not have a village map showing the boundaries of the villages.
At the meeting, he said he would gather all the SPs and COs to inform them of the places and areas where the insurgents have set up camps.
The district authorities have already declared these areas as containment zones since Thursday last month to complete contact tracing to curb the spread of COVID-1
On the other hand, John F Kharshiing urged the people to allow the NPP party to lead the state for at least 10 years. The NPP party should be allowed and strengthened for at least 10 years to bring about change,” he said.
On this occasion, upon reaching the gate of NEHU, Dharmendra Pradhan got out of his car to talk to the members of the KSU and also the staff of NEHU under the umbrella of All NEHU. Workers' Union (ANWU).
He said the government has decided to set up Border Police Outposts, but he questioned whether there are enough people to set up in those places.
On the other hand, the MLA of the area, Bah Chyne, said that he will provide assistance to the affected people and will also talk to the government to take immediate action to provide assistance to the affected people.
It is learned that the office has stopped distributing fertilizer even after the line has been repaired with the help of the police.
However, even in schools, many foreign students study Khasi, some of whom have received distinction in their knowledge of the Khasi language.
According to the Nongpoh Fire Brigade, on receiving information about the incident, they immediately rushed to the scene and managed to extinguish the blaze.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today said that the National People's Party (NPP) will conduct a post mortem to investigate the cause of the failure. of the party in Ri-lum Khasi in the recent MLA elections.
These surrounding trees support the shken on which they hang the dumasla leaves.
The school denied the allegations, but said it taught Bible-based subjects.
“For us, this is also one of the most important issues and we expect the leaders of our government to take action on this,” said Bah Thomas.
Bah Khongshei said that the Khasi community is in danger of being invaded by Bangladeshis who flock to the country every day.
“We appointed these people to investigate, paying them honorariums and they went around the areas and looked for those who were infected with the virus, some of them died, some they shall not be found any more.
“The people will decide whether they want to live on this path,” he said. “Leaders can be bought, but it is not easy for the voters,” he said. I'm not Bah Pala.
In a statement, the union requested the authorities of the bank to take action to repair or replace the missing machines so that it will not affect the work of the people. who comes to the bank every day.
Daniel9:27.2Thessalonians2:4.
This shows that the Forest Department of JHADC has no intention of helping or benefiting the people of this area or that the JHADC just wants to waste the money only for the benefit of some. how many officers.
Speaking on HIV, S Tariang CPM (DISHA) said that HIV was first discovered in India in 1986 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
He said the project to install the gas pipeline will be implemented by Indradhanush Gas Grid Ltd and the work for this will start soon.
“We also believe that although the believers or the children of Niamtre did not have the opportunity to take part in this Behdeiñkhlam as usual, we thanked the gods and kings that they will drive away the evil and that This world will once again enjoy health and peace,” said Langdoh.
?" asked the friend. "Yes, Babu, I'm just talking about working hard..." said Rida.
He said, Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it.
My friend, I am a very stupid person and I understand them now that I am old.
We understand that all these parties in government, including the ruling party, the National People's Party (NPP), have sent their own messages to the voters at the time of their election. let them go.
Police in Kamrup district of Assam have seized 2.2 kilograms of heroin worth T.18 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : In commemoration of the first Procession of Mary on 24th June 1922, St. Dominic Savio Church Mawlai Parish, Shillong will hold the 100th Procession of Mary. years on the 22nd of this month.
Luke tells us that Jesus wept for Jerusalem, but why he wept is a matter that we may ask at another time.
As a sign of Christmas celebrations, the Mawphor Office will be closed from 24th November 2023 to 28th November
He also criticized the MLAs who are still being trained by Conrad on the Roster and their reluctance to discuss the Reservation Policy is because many of them do not understand its rules.
Shillong, Lber 01: : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has urged the parents to make proper use of the health center which has been upgraded from Sawsymper Sub-Centre to Primary. Health Centre, for the health of their children.
The election for the 2023 Legislative Assembly of the State, may be very competitive and will also be an election, in which those voters who value money and those who quick to sell themselves, they will appear in the heat and light, because as the wise say that the voice of the people is the voice of God, it will come true without doubt.
As part of allowing the youth to stand on their own feet to do their own jobs, the union has demanded that the government should immediately build an ITI in Mawkyrwat for the benefit of the youth. Young people who are interested in studying in this field, said Commander Shangpliang.
On his part, he promised to be with the people of the area in all aspects.
Furthermore, it is encouraging that 49% of Ayurshman cards are held by women.
He said that even for the MLA elections there is a rule that parties which do not get the right percentage can be affected.
In the first match between Phudbyrnei and Nongwah, Phudbyrnei beat Nongwah 1-0
According to the rules, the release of funds comes after receiving the Utilization Certificate of the funds released in the previous section and after receiving a report from the State Government on the work done by the SDRF. .However, due to urgency, these requirements have been temporarily suspended when the funds have been released this time.
Furthermore, Kong Lucy Sawkmie, said that if the Khasi and Jaintia people who come to stay at the hotel, she would have thought special about their welfare and especially for those who are in need. to obtain adequate accommodations.
It is also not appropriate to make distinctions on the basis of differences in tone of voice.
The residents of the village have expressed their deep sorrow over the end of the MRDS project since
According to sources, some Congress MLAs have discussed from time to time to come up with a new plan to make Shillong MP Bah Vincent H Pala the Chief Minister instead of the incumbent Chief Minister. u Mukul Sangma.
“Hindi is the national language, if you don't accept Hindi how can you accept English,” the BJP leader asked the VPP. and besides, you can speak your own language," he said.
Sachin scored 14 fours and Saurabh 12 fours and 11 sixes.
We also urge the people of the State and especially the members of the Jaidbynriew to express to this person that as the State and the Jaidbynriew we demand ILP by writing a letter, sending a message or watsaap on his mobile. We also urge the residents of Pynthor-umkhrah to express to him their desire for ILP and to urge him to stop the talk here.
Police said these people asked whether the people they called had land and asked for their land titles, address and other information and then sent They have deposited money from T.20,000 to T.1 lakh and will ask for more money after the contract is extended.
The Income Tax Department said that the scrutiny of depositors, withdrawals and exchanges of money will start after November 30 and this will be announced by the Income Tax Department. Income Tax is not available in Delhi.
We expect more players to emerge in the future.
He also thanked the organizations that have cooperated with the JMB to resolve this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has opposed the state government's plan to proceed with the establishment of the ANVC-B on the Khasi border.
Thus, the narrative or story of change is the path of the world tomorrow.
Shillong: The formation of the NPP government in the state will take only 50 minutes, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Leader of the BJP. that this was an agreement, prepared in advance, many months ago.
The award was prepared by the Ministry of Mining and Geology in accordance with the directive of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on 17th July 2020 directing the State to develop a scheme to award information providers in relation to illegal mining and transportation of coal in the state.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, together with the Chief Secretary, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, visited the damage to the lawyers' office behind the Deputy Commissioner's office. , East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
On the other hand, the HITO said that during the meeting, they found only the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Olan Singh Suin from the UDP. you die.
A three minute silence was observed for the souls of the deceased followed by a speech by Bah Edmund Khongngai, State Vice President of TMC Youth. Congress Committee and the candidate who will contest against the NPP in the 2023 elections.
Therefore, as one of the people, I condemn this personal action of theirs without thinking of the people.
Why do I say this, because the owners of Pung Dohkha produce at different prices to bring khwai from their ponds around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, leaders of these four organizations in Ri-Bhoi including Ferdinand Kharkamni President KSU, Bipul Thangkhiew President RBYF, Luistar Lyngdoh President FKJGP and Marcus Marten President The HNYF said that as the leaders of the party, they are deeply saddened and expressed their sorrow over the death of 5 people who were killed by the Assam police. Government offices, commercial vehicles, shops and the public have cooperated on this day.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 26 : The Nonglang Sports Club (NSC) as part of the preparations for the 50th Anniversary in 2023 of its service as a club in the community through sports and other activities The Nonglang Super League 2022 was opened today at the Pyndeniewlyngdoh Stadium, Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District.
For the MLAs, their salary has been increased from T.34,000/- to T.60,000/- while other payments to the MLAs, which receive T.5000/-, have been increased to T. .15,000/- for telephone bill and other expenses has been increased to T.11,000/-, T.3000/- has been increased to T.10,000/-, T.7000/- - Increased to T.14,000/- The salary from T.6000/- has been increased to T.12,000/- and the total monthly salary of the MLA has been increased to T.1,21,000/- - amount.
On this occasion, children from various schools in Rambrai area witnessed the rally against drugs, which started from United National Secondary School, Mawrang and continued to Rambrai Market. .
When false news spreads, it causes trouble.
Jesus said moreover on this day, “For in those days thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, and keep thee in on every side, thy children shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; for thou knewest not the time of my coming to thee" Luke 19:34-4
Support staff and fighters from outside the state will arrive at the training from 24th November.
The Prime Minister spoke on the establishment of the Rural Development Department under the leadership of former Prime Minister Charan Singh.
This demand came to light shortly before the demand for a Khasi-Jaintia State by Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait.
He said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a lot of thought for the rapid development of the North East and other parts of India.
The family members said that the vehicle was found at 3 pm.
No.SR/HPC/601 registered in
The training was conducted in Amlarem and Iooksi.
He said the party will send a letter to the state government in this regard to seek clarification.
You have the money to spend billions of rupees on festivals, why don't you spend that money to increase the number of police to protect the people of the state,” said Bah Ronnie.
When asked what he would do if the party expelled him or removed his ticket because he opposed the decision of the CEC, he said, “It is up to the party what it will do. “It is not the ticket that will win me the election but it is my character that will win me the people of Umroi know that, even without a ticket I can contest the election,” said Bah Arbinus. .
The market will be closed from 29th July, 2020 until further notice in collaboration with the law enforcement agencies including the office of the SDO, Sohra Civil Sub-Division and Sohra Police Department. The Hima Sohra is in power,” the statement said.
On this day, the shooting incident was resolved only inside the Umsiang Police Outpost, but the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
When you have time, you don't forget,” said Kynsai.
and how shall I be ashamed?
However, it doesn’t spend that much.
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District is the Member Convenor.
The program was inaugurated by Union Minister of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Shri Narendra Singh Tomar in the presence of Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying Shri Kailash Chaudhury and Director General, ICAR Dr Trilochan Mohapatra.
College against Khimusniang at 1.30 pm.
:The stage is set for Meghalaya to host the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival 2023, even though the streets and footpaths are filled with pink colors and colorful trees. cherry blossom white.
If you talk about money, what do you worry about? Even if you are a tax collector, you get money, and the salary of tax collectors is higher than the current wage.
On the other hand, those who refuse to allocate land or those who try to bring such development projects should not be criticized because they may have their own reasons for opposing, it may be that it may affect the land. farmers if such projects come or get the compensation they should get does not reach them and many other reasons.
After Independence 1947, many of the French left India and the last missionaries who remained in Hynniewtrep until 1969 were only seven, Rev TB Phillips and Mrs. Menna Phillips. , Dr. RA Hughes and Mrs. Nancy Hughes, Miss Gwen C. Evans, Dr. N. Tunnel and Mrs. Phylis Tunnel.
To strengthen MSME activities, the government has increased the budget by more than 650% in the last five years.
For example, only for the mystery work when carrying out any of the heavier jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties in finding young people who are skilled to work even in these jobs especially when needed. to work with the powers of today's technology.
Who will look after this death of our people? Wanlem Langchiang.
It is learned that this group is involved in smuggling of firearms and robbery and other crimes.
U Bah Metbah said that for the 2023 election, the UDP has wanted him to be the candidate and wants him to continue to serve as the leader but God has taken away Bah Don in the election. 20 June, 2023 is something that cannot be questioned because it is the will of God.
He said that in these days people have turned and taken seriously the sports industry because it provides many benefits and at the same time it is a source of income and job creation for the youth. .
On 9th November 2022, the Cabinet approved the establishment of the Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) to find ways and means to improve and transform education. within the state.
“Every year I went to deposit money at the Post Office and the staff took the money and gave me a pass book. “They said that my name is not in the bank,” said a woman who did not want to be named.
(4) According to the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016, any gathering of more than 100 people shall notify the Municipal in order to separate the garbage and if the garbage is not separated the Municipal shall have the right. to remove the garbage.
It is not clear whether the spread of the disease was from those who were already infected, but it is believed that the spread of the disease was through the breathing of others. and the little ones were covered with the lyer.
“In practice, we put the people first and the party last.
Therefore, the authorities should take action to remove the smell, to clean up the garbage and especially to bring peace to the public so that the parking lot will be running smoothly and safely. for the benefit of the people of Nongpoh.
Other elders and members of various political parties were also present.
In the incident, the driver of the truck, Ainul Ali (23 years old), was shot dead by unidentified persons, as well as the passenger of the truck, Rocki Ali ( 18 years old) sustained minor injuries and police took him to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
It is exactly like that parable, which says, 'Whoever eats sohphan, doesn't know where.
“I assure you that whoever is involved in the case, big or small, the law will take the necessary action,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
MEeCL has turned off electricity for two hours day and night in all areas of different areas to avoid the cost of electricity.
Speaking to reporters, a Bihar minister who is also a JD(U) leader said the party is still discussing the development in Goa and later in Delhi. these two parties work together.
On the other hand, SBI Branch Manager, Raliang said that there is no requirement for the bank employees to apply for Aadhaar number, but all this is due to the cleverness and negligence of some of the bank employees. this branch.
Preachers and Pastors of the Church will also come from Kalimpong Darjeeling and Manipur to preach the message of the Word of God, said Bah HS Marwein Secretary of the Administrative Body of the Church of God. The service will start on Friday evening on the 25th.
The Secretary to the State Law Department, LM Sangma, did not know why the government has not issued a notice to the government departments on the decision of the High Court.
The police department is sending the police to transfer the two prisoners from one village to Evreux and to complete the remaining trial by the court in Rouen, Normandy.
Bah Tongper admitted that he is one of the unemployed and uneducated youths and all this has led him astray to the HNLC. The HNLC has made Junel Tongper its leader to commit crimes against the society.
Shillong, October 13: Andrea Tariang, the youngest daughter of Shillong Wahlang, will get the opportunity to act with Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan.
Bah Hawson Khongsit, one of the owners of the crematorium, said that the residents of Mawlynnong, Goa and other states, some of them are employed up to 70 percent from the tourism industry. In the last three years, he has dedicated himself to working in this field that attracts tourists.
The leaders of AJYWO, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF have decided to temporarily suspend their plan to call for a strong protest to force the government to repair the road. I'm not on this road.
The report said that there is a need to increase awareness campaigns on children's rights.
He said that the UDP does not want to nominate a candidate from South Tura to contest against Conrad, as he is the leader of the government and if possible, they will support the candidate of South Tura. NPP: A source from the UDP said that the party has not received any letter from the Garo Hills department, but it has been seen through the media and when it arrives, the party will discuss this matter.
At the same time, the Governor expressed his regret over the incident and wished a happy Republic Day to the people of the state.
In the final phase of the inter-College Quiz Competition conducted by Bah Nicholas Jyrwa, a prominent quiz conductor from the city, seven teams took part in the final phase.
“We express our surprise to see that the government police came to meet the Syiem, we are sorry because we came here as ministers to discuss the affairs of the Hima, not to create trouble or do “Any illegal activity,” said Minister BN Shanpru while talking to reporters after the meeting with the Syiem Khynnah of the Hima.
The Government of India has handed over the project to the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) in collaboration with the Department of Space (DoS) and the North Eastern Council (NEC). This is the idea expressed by Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India.
He said that this rule of allowing development projects from Meghalaya or Assam was followed according to the decision of the previous government which was signed between Prime Minister DD Lapang and Tarun Gogoi earlier, but they should not. contact before bringing in any development work.
She said that she has received permission from the Rapsang to build a shop in the area to earn a living.
Now, when they do so, they turn it into a ritual, this ritual or ritual, as they say today, is similar to the ritual of the ancient Jews.
In this regard, a meeting of teachers or school leaders and DSO staff will be held on the 26th June, 2022 at 11 am at the office of the District Sports Officer West Jaintia Hills. Jowai.
Since the beginning of this election campaign, we have not seen any candidate to speak clearly on the issues but we have only seen the statements.
Throughout the ages the world has witnessed and experienced corrupt kings, emperors and emperors, it has also experienced dictators.
The Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) was only 2% in the financial year 2021 while the GDP of the state was Rs 23,750 crore in the year
He said that next month he will convene a meeting of UDP supporters in Mawphlang constituency to discuss the MDC elections in
Leaders of the party including President W. Chyrmang and General Secretary T. Rynthathiang in a meeting with the DTO of WJH at his office, Laloo admitted that there is a problem. and delays in completing the works of the people on time, due to the lack of equipment and also the lack of computers and others, The shortage of these equipment is due to the delay in delivering these equipment to the office. Until now, the office has not been able to receive the necessary equipment. the relationship to speed up the work of the people through this office.
In 2023, Don Bosco Technical School will celebrate its 100th anniversary since its foundation in
He said that this proposal to change has been pending for more than 10 years.
Rani said the decision to implement the NEP from 2023-24 is unsafe as it has not been approved by the Academic Council, a body empowered in relation to education.
He said that the government is still open for peace talks with the HNLC. Furthermore, the Governor's speech also highlighted the government's work in the field of agriculture, assistance to farmers, the construction of roads, the construction of the New Shillong Township and other projects to bring about economic development in the state.
This reporter visited the hospital during the opening hours and saw that it has changed a lot and it has become more crowded, unlike before.
The union has sent this letter to the head of the university to inform him that the citizens have the right to get jobs if they have a qualification, according to the wishes of the this is a great school.
Therefore, the land owners and the KSU Huroi Unit yesterday, when they saw that the company has resumed the work, they immediately went to stop the work.
Due to the lack of access to the procession in Shillong which has been blocked by the district authorities which has affected the movement of the people and especially the vehicles which have already been crowded, the Garo who have arrived Hundreds of people from all over Garo Hills and Khasi Hills, in their traditional Achik costumes, marched around the parking lot at the Secretariat, Shillong shouting, “No State, No “We want Garoland”, “Garoland is our birth right” and other slogans which shook the air around the government authorities at the Secretariat.
Hek said that earlier there were reports of wrongdoing by the owner of the KPC Company and a question was raised in the House on the government's allocation of the company to build the KPC Company. Shillong Medical College and the government has already ordered an investigation into these allegations.
Keep your body and clothes clean.
I think only our party will be able to elect candidates who are qualified and ready to dedicate themselves to the service of the people.
The General Secretary of the Society, Kong Diana E.Kharshiing urged the members to visit the office of the Society more often so that they can work better.
Regarding the continuation of a person who claimed to be Rangbah Shnong, Chootu Sangma, after the HNYM found that he continued to issue NOC, the HNYM said that the Rangbah Shnong has been arrested. The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has lodged a complaint with the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, who has agreed to lodge an FIR against Chootu Sangma. days to come, said Mr. Louis.
The stadium at Umsawli will accommodate 25-30 thousand spectators, a swimming pool, a multi utility indoor stadium and accommodation for 2000-3000 residents.
Because the Congress in the north is as strong as the Shillong PC and cannot be counted.
However, today, July 1, 2022, has been a great joy for this family because after the complaint or information through the search for help from the mother from the two-wheeler group “The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association" (TULBA) since the past few years when they have built a new building and when they have cut the ribbon and handed over to it for further use.
They then carried a banner with the image of Bah Don and walked forward until the body reached the house.
If the land owners sign an agreement to be renewed annually or a profit agreement, the profit shall be 40 percent for the land owners / and 60 percent for the companies that renew the land. walk.
After that, the government invited the Athena Company to take over the electricity generation, but so far the project has been stalled.
“It is a pleasure to condemn the government from 2020 until now for not surprising people to think of the best way to prepare for the CUET,” said Raymond.
The villages, areas and religious groups in those areas, said that the act itself is aimed at destroying the Christian religious groups in the state.
He said the state government is responsible for spending on the treatment of those injured in the incident and on the transportation of the bodies.
Justice must be based on the facts and circumstances and not just listen.
We want to see that the youth should work but not to demand money from many shops and contractors because this will increase the value of our nation and our State.
New Delhi: The railway department has 93,000 employees who have been infected with the coronavirus so far.
Speaking to media, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, condemned the harassment by the Assam Police and those who have been harassing the residents of these villages and especially when they are implementing the development projects received from the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Dorbar Dong Tympang Iawmusiang Jowai, after announcing that it is no longer allowed to spread garbage inside the village or along the road which is the Jaintia Market. Therefore, once again, it has announced to the residents, shopkeepers and all the residents of Dong Tympang Iawmusiang that since the publication of this news, they should no longer break the nuit ki nier. They should collect them in containers or byrni and break them this morning in Municipal trucks.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society Shillong has implemented a Link Worker Scheme.
Meghalaya, which is on the border, can take advantage of this situation to open up trade opportunities with the neighboring country.
After the divorce, he went to Mumbai with the intention of producing a film, but it didn't work out and in the end, Sushil reportedly took over the job. Sushil said that now, after becoming a cow farmer, they have stopped inviting him to programmes. different and now, he has become a lonely man without friends, without children and without a wife.
There is an office of the MLA of Mylliem Constituency where the public can come and discuss any issue,” said the statement.
The beneficiaries this year are Nangroi Rymbai from Musniang, Meldo Kshiar from Pangkya, Amhin Dkhar from Kyndong Tuber, Monika Mukhim from Pingwait, Teiborlin Dkhar from Nongstoin and Aita Kurbah. of Kseh Mawnai, Plibon Kharmawphlang of Mawpynthih and Marie Kurkalang of Mylliem Mawrashe.
In order to avoid this area, you need to cover it with a blanket or a sder.
He said that the government will create more opportunities to bring about economic development in the state and the market is expected to be completed within 24 months. The room will be provided by the Horticulture Department in collaboration with the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Fulfilling duties, whether small or large, out of love is accompanied by wisdom.
I remember at a meeting in Sohiong, the MLA said that 42 MLAs are fighting against Ma Pala and 35 MDCs are fighting against Ma Pala. “I won the election, but when the results came out, we won by 1.5 lakh votes and we got 50 percent of the votes,” he said.
He said that six players from Meghalaya have received scholarships from the Bhaichung Bhutia Football Club where they have been selected to participate in the national football programme, while two players from Meghalaya have received scholarships. they shall be able to represent the land.
Use a makeup brush or sponge to apply your entire face.
However, what is sad now is that only five minutes have been allowed to sit in Parliament because there are only worthless discussions.
The law says, “...the seventh day is a Sabbath of solemn rest, holy to me.
I'm too tired," he wrote on Twitter.
Youth development depends on their health.
The cause of the fire is still unknown and fortunately no one was injured in the incident.
“The Sengbhalang has said that they will apply for RTI, I will also monitor this issue whether it is in the square or in the Legislative Assembly...it doesn't mean that I am racist, or I hate or hate other fellow citizens, but I because their way of life is miserable," he said.
Earlier, the MGNSA had threatened to stage a strike if the government failed to meet their demands for the appointment of all government-trained nurses.
Meanwhile, the match tomorrow will be between Ladthadlaboh and Sabahmuswang at 3 pm.
On this occasion, the DDK broadcast live the Nongkrem shad which people can watch on TV. The shad ended in the midst of the annual festival with the religious customs of the Hima Khyrim is about 20 km from Shillong.
The victims include (L) Biangki Phawa, 31, mother of Pynjanai Ryngkhlem, 25, and two children (L) Edify Ryngkhlem, 6, Wiladaroi Ryngkhlem is 3 years old.
If the government does not listen or act unfairly, it is necessary for the court to intervene in other rights that teachers should receive as a reward for their services. dedicated and valuable service) to provide education to students until they have learned at various levels.
If you win after 6 or 7 years, those who win 10 years, and after 14 or 15 years those who win 20 years.  The honorable Supreme Court is full of mercy, it can reduce the years of imprisonment, not justify them.
This is what I look forward to doing.
“It is the Prime Minister who has refused to speak in the House on the Reservation Policy and asked if we don't want to take to the streets but because it is an issue that affects the children. The implementation of the roster system has affected our youth”.
New Delhi: A World Bank survey has confirmed that 80 percent of India's poorest people will be affected by the outbreak of covid-19 in
Sadly, many of us don't think about this, and gradually it leads to anxiety that can affect your daily life.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi Constituency, RM Kurbah Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District, CR Challam PHE department and other officers and elders from the village.
The meeting was attended by the leaders of the Aradonga Regional Unit and the rulers of the Nonglang Sirdarship. They should not be worried or afraid even if the government decides not to turn back or revive the soskular that has already been signed.
At the same time, Prof.Kma said that during the meeting, the VC informed that the Technical Consultant Rohit Prasad has been absent from NEHU for 15 days and for this reason, NEHU does not need him anymore. Rohit should not be inside the school.
The Collective Responsibility of the Cabinet is the foundation of Khadar governance which has stood since the 15th century and is the cornerstone of the governance and functioning of the Government.
The students have lost hope and are very sad because of the unemployment because the Government has not been able to open up the opportunities for employment and even the Government jobs have been given to their Garo friends. Because of the Reservation Policy which has already been changed and now the Roster System will be introduced.
The CEO said that as of 5 pm, according to the report submitted to him, the turnout in all three constituencies was 80.43 percent.
Kyrshan said that as soon as he learned of the election of Balen, he called an emergency meeting on the 12th of this month in Jowai in the presence of Balen.
According to the provisions of Article 371F, only those citizens of Sikkim (who were residents of Sikkim before the merger with India) whose names were included in the 1961 census were Sikkimese who have the right to own land and also to receive jobs from the state government.
At the same time, the Waheh Shnong praised the DC and SP of West Jaintia Hills, who were quick to visit Khanduli and talked to the District Administration of Karbi Anglong and provided security forces in Khanduli.
Shillong: U Shubhankar Banerjee, spokesperson of Rapido Company, today said that the operation of bikes in Shillong will start soon in about 15 to 20 days. up to more than 40 people have been approved as captains.
In Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division, MLA Brening A Sangma launched the flag.
On this occasion, the WJDSA also honored the referees, athletes, football players, coaches and distributed the Posthumous Award to the families of the deceased leaders and members. The jubilee celebration was enriched by the performances of Loompyrdi Ïongpiah, Manbhauru Sungoh and a mass drill by North Liberty Higher Secondary School.
Earlier, speaking at the meeting, Parliamentary Secretary Bah Robinus Syngkon said that the climate in Khasi and Jaintia Hills is suitable for the cultivation of soh and jhur due to the rainfall which is an opportunity.
The Bench agreed that the same rules should apply to the seven resorts, namely Orchid Lake Resort, Ri Shat Sngi Orchid Resort, La Nicholas Dei Da Kine Resort, Roinam Retreat at Umbir, Ri Serenity near Umïam Lake in Umbir and Cafe Umbir in Umbir.
Poverty has increased in the State and it can be said that poverty is tied to almost every household.
This shows that those who have learned are now many in Mawlai.
Those who have traveled outside the State and abroad in the past few days please check themselves to understand that their attention will protect them and others.
The Congress is also preparing to welcome a riewrangbah from Mawphlang constituency on Saturday who could also become a candidate if Bah Kennedy leaves the party.
An order has also been issued to various committees to inspect the areas where the vendors live and take measures such as relocating the vendors, reducing the number of shops on the sidewalks, to remove all the shops and others to prevent the crossing of the border into the footpaths and roads.
“I joined the PDF because I didn't want to but my soul didn't want to,” he said.
The incident happened at Umshing village near NEHU this morning. At 9 pm, the electricity suddenly went out or high voltage in the village. Many households have been left in the dark due to the loss of bulbs and many have suffered losses due to the loss of their valuables.
To me alone, these are the only reasons that have put a stumbling block to destroy our nation.
The driver of the truck was identified as Nicolas Dhar, 46 years old.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 406 new cases and 2002 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Explaining on receiving information that Assam Police, 11th Gorkha Regiment and CAPF troops have come to Umwali for the construction of a Police Out Post. On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma said that according to the DG and Chief Secretary of Assam, no order has been issued by the Assam government to send troops to Umwali. The troops came from another place and marched from Umwali.
On the 15th of November, Lucy Merem, daughter of Thoukal Merem, from Narum village in Chandel District, was raped by women known as Meira Paibis. The women handed over to the new Arambai Tenggol, which emerged from the bloodshed in Manipur, in which she was killed after learning that she was a Naga woman. .
The Mylliem Constituency Leader, who contested from Mawphlang in the last MLA election, said that only the Rangbah Shnongs have the authority to stop the illegal entry of mynder. that they may dwell in any house of any city.
The 13 colleges with deficit include St Edmunds College (T.36038293), St Mary's College (T.34803054), St Anthony's College (T.51018119), College of Teacher Education (PGT) (T.5086777) , Sankardev College (T.34858193), Synod College (T.27153033), Shillong College (T.38816778), Lady Keane College (T.38813119), Shillong Commerce (T.6664360), Union Christian College (T.26664866) , Mendipathar College (T.4878050), Don Bosco College (T.11458648) and Seng Khasi College (T.4615386).
If I had that power to see the future, how happy I would be, but the wise God hides that power from men.
“The NPR is the number that can be displayed through the Aadhar Unique Identification Number (UID),” Goyal said.
Ritu Zeid and Eve Syiemlieh have taken part in the song and the song has been composed by Pankaj Das. The setting is by Rinku Das and the costumes are by Butterfly. Collections.
Revelation 16:12-16/17:14/19:11-2
At the meeting, it was reported that the governments of India and Bangladesh also discussed issues related to ways and means to increase the number of vendors and also to provide approval for the construction of a Shabar shelter for women.
On the other hand, the VPP Nongstoiñ also held a march through Nongstoiñ town and ended at the Market Complex of New Nongstoiñ village and continued with a public meeting.
The construction of this road is scheduled to start from November 2021 and should be completed within 10 years in the Engineering, Procurement and Construction Mode.
We should be kind, understanding, friendly to them and should be polite and helpful to them when they are in trouble but within their limits.
According to the President of FKJGP Mawrapat , Meraldalis is a poor woman , and she has to work to support her children because the father of her children has passed away the world.
All these topics have provided a lot of training to the youth of the North East.
The establishment of these Collection Centers has helped the farmers in the area.
There was a strong suspicion that the robbers who killed the JYF leader were mixed between foreigners and locals and the reason was a business related to money.
Those arrested are those who sell illegal drugs and such cases have been reported from time to time.
However, all of us have fallen into these political traps.
Last month, newspapers reported on the shooting death of Chiang Dhar from Umkiang, Jaintia Hills on his own farm.
Dr. Donkupar urged Dr. Mukul Sangma to invite the political parties to the table of dialogue so that the conflict can be resolved.
Of course, we must be farsighted in everything we do, but the most important thing for us at this time is that we need to receive a vision that is the answer to the questions we ask such as these and others.
Chairman of the Meghalaya Farmers' (Empowerment) Commission KN Kumar said that the newly opened sohphan plant will serve as a processing center for sohphan and training will also be provided to the farmers.
“God does not allow anyone who wants to destroy the nation.
Mawkyrwat, June 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on the evening of 5th June, 2022 has visited Ridondor Lyngdoh of Mawkyrwat Unit, South West Khasi Hills District for your brave deeds.
“I hope this time I will get the win".
The beautiful road from Shillong to Lum Mawthadraishan has witnessed the strong participation of cyclists from all over the state to take part in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, where Manipur won the title. to win the men's and women's titles.
For Joshi, this is the first time that he has visited the party to meet the party leaders after he was appointed as the party superintendent after the resignation of V. Narayanasamy. to be appointed as the Chief Minister of Puducherry in the past few months.
The Santhals got their state in
Nongbri Brothers Football Club has won the title against Selajong Football Club after reaching the final of the Mawlangwir Football Tournament. Community Shied 2022-2023 was organized by Mawlangwir Sports Club at Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir.
“He said that the leaders should demand the Government of India to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP), to legalize the right to land, to grant the Special Status. as in other states, to resolve the border with Assam and Bangladesh, to bring in roads, water supply, electricity, hospital and other benefits of the people.
Man has always had a spirit of doing nothing, he wanted to destroy, he didn't care about others, or the benefit of others.
As it stands, the crisis when it comes to salaries, more than 10 years old (and ongoing), is now heading into its 31st month for employees.
The two suspects were identified as Damut Bang and Palmon Sari of Lad Mukhla village.
However, the amount of 2000 tyngka can still be exchanged in banks.
It is truly the age of social media because it has dominated everyone.
“But the need to adjust according to the roster, is to get a sense of the numbers of where are we now? And this roster count will tell us when we will start implementing this again; “The announcement will come from that serial number and this intention to investigate since 1972, if there is information we will start from there and if there is no we will start from the beginning,” he added.
What is the reason why the nation is facing this tragedy which degrades the status of women in this state which respects women so much?
In fact, Meghalaya is not a state that lacks jobs, but it needs to have the power to see how to bring and also to formulate policies so that there will be no unemployment. young son.
The Urban Development Department has come up with several programs to achieve this goal.
What is the way and strategy to solve this unemployment problem? Shooting and killing people is not the way.
Thabah is an Asstn.
These families have not received any assistance from the government authorities even after two months of the tragic incident. who shall build the house.
The states of the North East, which we call “Ashtalakshmi,” have received the attention and support they deserve.
For the saying goes, 'Only he who wears the shoe knows where the clean clothes are.
“We don't know when a thief will break into our house but we as the government will try our best to stop this illegal mining of coal in the state,” he added. .
Jaylynn R Marak (11 not out) and Janicka R Marak (11) scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong: Students of NEHUSU under the banner of NEHUSU today marched to the office of Vice Chancellor Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla to demand the resignation of Nantu Das within three days. Assistant Registrar (Security) and looks like himself has been accused of raping a student.
Assam Police on the 8th of this month said that five people have lost their lives and six others have sustained injuries from 3 Three vehicle collisions have occurred across the Boko area.
“I said that such an act always has a lot of talk from the people but I don't want to talk too much about it,” he said.
According to the Minister, the state's achievement came after his recent meeting with the Minister of Women and Child Development, Smriti Zubin Irani in Delhi recently to convey that Meghalaya still needs a lot of women. anganwadi centre.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: Since the NDA government came to power in the country, many Union Ministers have visited Meghalaya to inspect and meet with the people to review the progress of central government schemes. different.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 189 new cases.
The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on Friday inaugurated the new building of the Government Secondary School, Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Citizenship Forum together with the HYC Mawsynram Circle would like to send this statement to the Rangbah Shnongs, other elders and also the residents of Mawsynram area who use the light. Mawsynram Division, MeECL, on the inability to hold the meeting on Saturday due to heavy rain and wind.
Shillong, 19, 'Lyngkot: A household belonging to Bah Soren Suting in Lum Nongrim, Byrnihat has been destroyed by a fire this morning. nep.
On the other hand, Congress MLA from Mawhati constituency, Charles Marngar, said that he strongly opposes the actions of the BJP government. It is violence, why question the incompetence of the government, democracy in India has collapsed.
Has God died, when they are no longer afraid to commit forty kinds of deceit? When the government opened the MECOFED market in Mawiong (Shillong), all the farmers were happy that the kharkaia will no longer be able to grow. khñiot beiñ to him.
According to sources, the party has decided to contest in 2023 from all 24 constituencies in Garo Hills.
Hep replied, “Well, when there is a job, it's not like us in the village and in the forest.
Yesterday there were 11 candidates and out of these it is not yet clear how many candidates have arrived as the same candidates have already filed yesterday and are still filing again.
He said that in the MLA election 2018 he will not have time to go to other constituencies but will focus only on Ranikor constituency. “I am now in Ranikor constituency,” said Bah Don.
The workers have worked hard to complete the house as soon as possible as scheduled in a short period of time, said a statement from the Lok Sabha Secretariat. .
However, the police chief was not at home at the time of the incident.
Even the proposal to set up outposts in Psiar and Khatkasla, if the people do not oppose them, we will not be able to accept that Psiar and Khatkasla are the territories of Meghalaya.
Vietnam has experienced many devastating fires in recent years and most often they happen in entertainment venues.
The purpose of this Lama Lairong is to encourage the citizens of the state together with India as a whole to be the guardians of their country by respecting the heritage of the people. all the territories of India.
The Seinraij Jowai has closed the market voluntarily after seeing the crowd of people in the market without following the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Therefore, to avoid the loss of ethnicity because it has been seen that the ethnic group has begun to decline, the organization has decided to strengthen its uniqueness, so that the world can witness the knowledge of the past.
The letter from the Principal of the school also said that although the school is run by Christian missionaries, it does not mean that the students should be Christians only. allow all children from different religious groups to attend this school with the desire to make them good people and citizens of india.
Weeks and months passed.
The Chairman of the Garoland Hill State Movement Committee (GHSMC), Nikman Ch.
Asking for the support of Bah Pius, the president of the UDP said, “Please honor the UDP again to strengthen the KHADC as a dorbar for the people.
Also present on the occasion were Kenes Lyngdoh Nonglait, President of FKJGP, Bah Balse Kharbani, Secretary of FKJGP, Secretary of Photjaud Village, Bah S.Shylla and others. executive officers of the organization.
Hard core: Hard core means that you don't agree with yourself.
If we look at the names of the members of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, we can see the names of Gam Shimray, a Naga Thangkhul from Manipur and at the same time Kong Streamlet Dkhar. , who is a member of the Indigenous Women of India Network, was nominated along with other Schedule Tribes in central India, such as the Munda.
He said that if the government wants, there will be no problem in repealing the Act.
Even now we have seen climate change but we don't have any thoughts or concerns about these issues.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Fifteen students who have been trained as DMLT lab technicians at Civil Hospital Shillong have been in darkness over the lack of certificate for six months, even after completing their six month training at The clinic will run from 3rd March 2023 to 3rd June
Therefore, let us develop the philosophy of poetry.
To provide and improve these areas of development we need the wisdom, hard work and vision of the MLAs and MDCs, the Hima Rulers, the Village Rulers, the leaders of religious groups and Leaders of political parties of West and South West Khasi Hills District.
If you send it, you will go, if you don't send it, you will listen.
Even at the United Nations, he uses this language.
“We have come together to defeat the crimes against humanity & bloodshed against the minorities; to end violence against women, Dalits, Adivasis, and Kashmiri Pandits; to demand that everyone should have the opportunity to express what they have to say, and as a first step, the Caste Census should be implemented,” said the organizations.
The villages that will benefit from this Urban Water Supply Scheme are Lawse and its surroundings, Sohparu, Tynrong Wahladew, Nongsohlait, Nongjyllieh, Nongritong, Pyndenglawar, Mawrok Porsohsat, Mawrusyiar, Tiehsaw, Mawiong Lumdweitang and Langdweitang. , Siejlieh, Upper New Nongstoin, Mawkawah and Nongstoin.
However, in the third round, the country's shooters managed to score 59-5
These job seekers have requested the government to extend the recruitment period, as their age has increased with the passing of one year and after that they have not reached You cannot work if you are over age as set by government agencies (Over age).
The Lamphang said that the number of HIV positive cases in Meghalaya has increased compared to the national average.
At the same time, the Minister also admitted that he has always opposed any attacks on Christians such as the arrest of Fr.Stan Swammy and others.
Bah Shibun said he hopes in the coming days they will work for the villagers.
Your choice is the reason why you know.
Now the State is growing and building street houses including schools, colleges, markets because there are no foreigners, but the name and honor goes to the Khasi Jaintia.
Speaking to reporters, some of the residents said that the temperature is higher than in Shillong.
GST has now replaced multiple taxes at the Central and State Governments.
Regarding the proposal to hold the Meghalaya Games in Tura, the CM said that he has recently convened a meeting in Tura to hold the Meghalaya Games and the preparations have been going smoothly including the accommodation. and other requirements.
The High Court said the purpose of the case is to ensure that the state government is implementing the order of the Supreme Court including the ban on illegal mining of coal except for the mining of coal. It is scientific and in accordance with the provisions of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act,
She also suffers from diabetes, hypertension, hypothyroidism and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Respiratory diseases such as COVID 19 require special hospital treatment for those who have symptoms.
“Their ability to do that is through the cooperation of teachers and students”, he said. So that they can see the colleges from South West Khasi Hills District to produce students who have scored in the Top 10 and Top 20 in various examinations whether in the SSLC and HSSLC. He also explained that it is not that the schools in South West Khasi Hills District lack students who have achieved high ranks or passed well in the result examinations but many students have shown good results. Those who are educated go to colleges in the state like Shillong or other states.
The tournament was divided into three categories for boys and girls, namely under 14 years, under 16 years and 16 years and above.
If the indigenous people had spoken like that to the Brahmin groups, they would have covered the stones with milk to cleanse our speech.
KSU leaders said that they have received a complaint from Khasi youths who work as security guards run by the Sagar Security Agency that they have been dismissed because another security agency has come to the Idea office. and the agency has brought in employees from outside the state.
Aysel Onder of Turkey came second with a time of 55.19 seconds, while Lizanshela Angulo of Ecuador came fourth with a time of 56.68 seconds. fourth of this field.
This program is a platform to build the youth of the state to express their interests and feelings on various topics through digital and offline surveys.
He said that it is for this reason that after winning the election, he has decided to introduce various schemes to improve the sports grounds so that the youth can avoid many evil deeds.
“After the order of the High Court to implement the Roster System,” he said.
In the city, there are only men, who stand firm to fight and they are fighting against the Russian troops, as a protection for the 1000 civilians in the city, which is also the trading port of Ukraine.
The HNLC's curfew will end tomorrow evening.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad said that the dairy complex run by the Jaintia Milk Union will produce up to 1 lakh 50 liters of milk and the income will be up to T.60 crore per month.
Mishra's family members had paid T.5 lakh to the kidnappers to release him but they did not release him and demanded another T.50 lakh.
Many among the Jews and in the world will turn to God, to the Messiah during the Great Tribulation.
Has the government done anything about those places where foreigners live illegally like Them Metor, Polo, Sawfurlong and other places in Shillong?
Mining Marngar scored from the penalty spot in the 28th minute to score three points.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 5th July 2021 at the cemetery at Mawlai Mawroh of the Church of God Mawlai Motsyiar.
The top team from Zone 2 will qualify for the final.
The only question I have is, DOESN'T THE WORLD WANT TO KNOW ABOUT US? Are you curious about our world? Our behavior, our food, our drink, our thinking, our dress.
“In a day or two we will be able to repair these units and we will remove the power outage in the state,” he said. NEEPCO is 46-50 MW and now the state is short of 180 MW, so we have to turn off the electricity and we hope to be able to build it soon.
All district associations have been urged to follow the advisory of the state government. The MCA will not be responsible if any unions pass by, said a statement issued by G Kharkongor. Honorary Secretary MCA. The death toll from the coronavirus in Italy has risen to 475 on Tuesday, the highest daily death toll in any country so far.
The fire broke out suddenly last night and without knowing the cause, at first it was seen by the residents who tried to extinguish the fire, but after they realized that they could not do anything. ei ei, they informed the Fire Brigade.
The FKJGP urges the Waheh Shnongs of these six villages which the office has already informed and also to other villages not to accept this new meter.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: The improvement and cleaning of the 16 kilometer road from Tynghor to Athiabari under the Pradhan Mantri Gramsadak Yojana has been progressing steadily since last month. Aradonga.
God our Father in heaven is ready. Yahshua has prepared a place for you in heaven.
The resolution against the recently amended Forest Act, introduced by North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum, was rejected in the Legislative Assembly on Friday. The MLA did not respond even after the State Government through the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has clarified the provisions of the Act which he said will affect the forest areas in the State especially when it is not necessary. obtain further permission from the forest department to carry out projects of national security in areas within 100 km of the border with other countries.
Shillong, March 15: The Syiem Khyriem, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, has announced to hold the election for the post of Sordar in Smit without consulting the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). the public.
After the protests from the people on that day, he became angry and caused stone throwing, lathi bombing and shooting, when asked what to do with the Rangbah Shnong. They replied that the decision they have taken will go ahead as announced and the demand for the VAB will go ahead.
One thing to remember is that everyone wants to get this country, not because they respect or love it but because they want to get the minerals.
Father Ferdinand Dkhar in his homily speech to the faithful, spoke about God's love for mankind and said “that God is like a Jar that fills mankind with love to love and worship Him"
Every day, AOG takes perfect steps towards bringing good to the world.
There will also be a speech by the leaders of the Seng Khasi and other programmes.
She was admitted to hospital last Tuesday and her health deteriorated slightly until she died on Thursday morning at 3.30 pm. , according to the report.
During the inspection, the Seng found that almost all the shops of foreigners selling food and beverage shops in Ïewduh are unsafe for the people who don't eat and drink because of the pollution. they shall not be cleansed in all respects.
The border shall separate the Achik State and the Hynniewtrep State, which shall go together to demand, from the Central Government.
The driver of the vehicle, when he collided with the vehicle, immediately rushed the girl to Umsning CHC for treatment. The victim was taken to Shillong Hospital for further treatment.
On the other hand, Bindo M Lanong, MLA of the UDP and Working President of the party, strongly criticized the mismanagement of the Congress.
No Entry will be allowed from DC Road to Jrisalein Square on the 17th and 18th of this month from 8 pm onwards. Jerusalem.
According to its website, the founders have named the training center Maratha Mandir – Maratha which means for all those who consider Maharshtra as their home. and Mandir to show the purity of human life.
He also said that good books should be published in their own language, which means the language that the people speak well.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Airisha also requested Metbah that if the UDP comes to power, it should change the reservation policy because the youth are suffering and facing many problems due to the overcrowding. policy.
Speeches were delivered by SS Shullai, Principal of JIM Nichols Roy College, James Kharbani, Chief Adviser FKJGP Sawsymper Circle and welcome speeches by Samla Phrangsngi Nongsiej, Assistant Secretary FKJGP Sawsymper Circle.
So how do they say it exists? It may also be to defame or defame the village of Nongmensong and such people should not be allowed”.
This law is issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The MTDC has sought a reply by the 15th of this month from Lessly Shylla, the owner of the Crowborough Hotel. .
Therefore, as the General Secretary of HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle, he welcomed all the old supporters and now they have become new supporters as the old leader (Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar) has decided to leave. to another party.
In Meghalaya, the BJP has called for a withdrawal from the NPP-led MDA government.
The report also said that all the goals scored by the teams in the group stage will be taken to the Super Six round along with those goals scored against the teams that did not qualify. you can enter this forum.
“The authorities should agree on how to respond to this decision of the court.
The public meeting, which was attended by Assam Minister Mahendra Singh, Parimal Suklabadya and Kabindra Purkayastha, did not attract any attention and the seats were empty. field.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has banned the transportation of pigs from other states to Ri Bhoi District and also banned the sale or slaughter of pigs until further notice.
Because if they have to protest, those who are affected are the school children and when the students are affected, they don't have enough IAS, IFS, IPS who have passed newly in the state for many years. .
“We have seen the statement of the Prime Minister that if the teachers violate the order of the Government they can appeal to the Court and this has prompted us to appeal to the Meghalaya Court where the Court has ruled that the “I'm sorry,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Jowai, Nailur 23: A student, who lives in Panaliar, Jowai and is currently on a medical study in Karnataka, has been shot dead last night while he was leaving home for medical purposes.
The MLA said that many of the needs of the home are still needed but as an MLA who has responsibility he will look after the needs of the home.
Some of the great rulers of the world have something to say about the Bible, the Word of God.
He also expressed his appreciation for the beauty of the wreath laying ceremony at the War Memorial.
After forty days of struggle in the wilderness Jesus met and experienced Wisdom and called that Wisdom the gospel.
She said that the youth are the strongest force to shape the welfare of the society and as the Minister of State she urged these leaders of the youth organization to continue to provide good service. to the community by working together with the village authorities.
The Rangbah Shnong explained that according to his investigation, T.5,22,300 tyngka was the name that appeared to Bah Pilot Swer to build a pond. He said that it was the pond of the Swer clan and it was named after Bah Pilot.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) has called for a two-day curfew from tomorrow.
Joseph Pariat from Moodymmai, Kyrsiew Kharbithai from Maskut and Charles Lyngdoh from Tyrchang have come to give their full support to Jop.
He also urged the people to unite and look back to the past, those 50 years, who has grown and prospered, said Bah Adelbert.
Vehicles will not be allowed to enter from Iawmusiang Main Road to Thomas Jones College and the current traffic ban from Thomas Jones College to Iawmusiang Main Road will be lifted.
Regarding the incidents of riots or border crossings in the border villages of Block-2, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that in fact such incidents should not happen, because in the meeting with the heads of Block-2 The governments of Meghalaya and Assam have decided that until the border is resolved, the governments of Assam and Meghalaya should not intimidate the people.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi Kmie together with the Tymmen u San Committee, sends their best wishes to all the students of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij, who are preparing for the examinations. their.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has awarded prizes to those students of Narpuh who have passed in their studies, those who have achieved 1st Division in the SSLC, HSSLC, Degree, Master Degree, ICSE, CBSE and various lines of study for the year
The order of the DC's office stipulates that no punishment will be imposed on the owners of shops or anyone who violates the rules of the state health department.
Ampareen said she is saddened by the child poverty in which since October until now there are about 500 youths who have become poor in West Jaintia Hills District.
"There are priests and bishops who do that," Pope Francis said in response to a question from reporters on his return from the United Arab Emirates.
Many parties have been synropized only to be in power and to focus on selfish gain.
Joefreeson Jana, 29, was arrested a day after killing two children on January 30, a 4-year-old daughter and a 2-year-old son. I live near a place called Dong Wahktieh.
Shillong: Police have rearranged the traffic routes in Shillong and Jowai on the occasion of the polling day for the MDC elections to be held today.
D.Sohtun, MJS, Chief Judicial Magistrate (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District in her speech explained and trained the children how to know them. Act on Violence against Children to protect the rights of children especially those under the age of 18 years in relation to child marriage, and also to prevent forced labour. children who are exploited by adults who are young, as well as for children who have dropped out of school part-time.
The Diocese of Nongstoin covers a geographical area of ​​about 3800 sq. km.
The program was enriched by songs and dances by the students, teachers and a beautiful song by Bah Shemkloi Sing Rynjah.
The Paris Saint-Germain forward has accepted the offer after talks with the manager of Paris Saint-Germain. France's Didier Deschamps.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: The Marmain Chirjap Asem Village Organization, which includes about 10 SHGs in Marmaiñ village, Ri-Bhoi District, has celebrated its two year anniversary. The celebration was held at the Dorbar Hall of Marmaiñ Village.
These include prostitution, forced labour, extortion, drug trafficking, organ trafficking, house building and others,” said Dr Bishnoi.
The government's intention to demolish the old parking lot is to build a new one with four floors.
“Under any rules of law, the government cannot forcefully hand over the land against the will of the land owners to the Assam government because the government does not own land and it has only a few land in Shillong,” he said.
The government has issued a notice that all tourist attractions in the state should be closed until 31st October and there may also be an order to close until 15th June. to prevent the spread of the virus.
These programs were organized in collaboration with the Art of Living Foundation, Shillong, the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong and the District Sports Promotion Society, Shillong.
The family members of the deceased have requested the authorities to release him for post mortem.
Shillong, July 04: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has urged the government to appoint a government from the family of nine people who lost their lives in the MeECL fire at Nongthymmai Neng, Lyniong. months ago.
It is worth mentioning that after the General Elections in the state, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government with the National People's Party (NPP), the United Democratic Party (UDP) The HSPDP and the BJP have been elected as the ruling parties, but the opposition has not found a leader.
Up to 58 participants from all over Mawkyrwat and outside the district have taken part in the Greater Marathon lll which was divided into two categories for Senior and Junior. women and men.
All these things mean that God Himself speaks in many ways and in many ways, so He is the Living God.
Speaking to reporters, these suppliers expressed their surprise that when the deadline for submission of quotations is July 26 and opening on July 28, how can the department still allow them to submit quotations on July 28? to submit or to accept quotations received after the deadline? Please ask the supplier.
These mothers also said that compared to all the jobs, this is the most difficult job.
I am proud to have been born in that town.
The meeting was conducted by the Working President Bah GRL Marshilloag and a special speech was delivered in memory of the former President over the years. thousands observed a 2-minute silence.
JOWAI: The farmland of the Khasi-Pnars living in Assam in Kalakhal pt-1, Kalakhal pt-11 and Bubonkhal has been grabbed by other ethnic groups. who are not citizens who intend to destroy these farmland.
The North East is a region where the nine states live in peace and harmony.
The lockdown to combat the spread of COVID-19 has become a golden opportunity for people to commit illegal activities. There is a night super bus that carries a station on Tuesday night.
It is to be recalled that Fr. Stan Swami has been arrested by the National Investigation Agency for alleged involvement in the Bhima Koregaon-Elgar Parishad case. interact with it.
Referring to the mid-term MLA elections in Nongstoiñ, the CEC has instructed the District to find the best candidate from the party to contest, and it is the responsibility of the District to select him. you are a person from this constituency.
Speaking to Rupang, some taxi drivers said that the police should protect the Khasi at the border to avoid being harassed by the Assam police and so that their income, spirit can bit can be back.
The presence of banks is indeed a great help not only to the community, but especially to the industry to promote and support businesses and employment opportunities.
D.At UTSM there is only one Ph.D.
“I would like to know the reason why the leaders take these decisions, whether they are MDCs or MLAs or presidents of circles or constituencies, leading office bearers of various parties.
Speech was also delivered by Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, BDO Umling C&RD Block, in which he urged the leaders and those led to work together, so that they can to bring more and more development projects in the villages.
Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the HSPDP, will lead the Executive Committee (EC) from a new position after Pynshangainlang N Syiem of KHUDA-II resigned from the election. .
This is yet another misuse of state funds.
In the first match, Nongsutnga beat Maskut 3-1 in a tie breaker.
The final will be held on July 24 at the JN Stadium.
On the other hand, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was present in the Rajya Sabha when the bill was passed, said, “The discussions have been successful.
They should introduce the necessary laws to protect the citizens.
After that, Bhavani beat Ozaki Seri 15-11 in their pre-quarterfinal match.
Dr D.Shylla, District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, explained in detail about the centers in the district which can provide services to those affected by this disease. He said that this disease can be controlled only through cooperation.
The President of the University, said that Ludwig is a music lover and a very smart and stingy runner. She has performed in concerts and has been an inspiration to many people around her because of her talent.
On the three incidents of party defection of Bah AL Hek in 2009 from the BJP to the Congress, Bah Hek, as a BJP MLA, should have been subject to this Act, because he joined the Government. Congress.
Although the government has established the area, the teachers who were filled with anger did not leave the area but did not disturb the movement of others.
The appointment of the new office bearers was made after a meeting of the party's District Executive Committee (DEC) held at Shillong Club.
Regarding the delay in the salaries of teachers, Bah Aristotle said the government has arranged that from now on it will pay chess once every quarter or once every three months.
It was also commanded that the animals should be slaughtered only in a designated place.
Besides MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Waheh Shnong Wilbert Nongtdu, L Rymbai, Headmistress Lotus Higher Secondary School, SMC members and leaders, General Secretary Diengshynrum Village Iohlang Sympli and others were also present.
Former Khliehriat MLA, Bah Justine Dkhar, as Advisor, recalled that in the past, many foreigners especially those who came from abroad to work in the electricity industry in the Eastern Region. Jaintia Hills but it is pleasant to know and see that the East Jaintia Electrical Association has now taken the initiative to serve the area by building electricity as a source of income. The group will face many challenges in the journey but we should not lose heart, we should work with a spirit of unity and respect for each other. “It is responsible for various trainings and also to provide information to the relevant authorities so that they can serve the people better,” said Justine Dkhar.
It is for this reason that India is afraid of this overpopulation, and has implemented family planning programs across the country and here in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
"I believe that the readers will get the most out of the symbols of thought that are in them.
The Seng reminds from time to time from 2015 to 2023 to ban 18 tire trailers from loading local goods such as Cement Clinker from Jaintia Hills. truck earnings of the indigenous people.
Others also exist but they don't appear.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills.
This is the first time for Meghalaya to lose all the wickets of the opponent.
In the Under 17 category, Geryma L Nongkhlaw and Sneha Chettri (EKH) won the women's category.
“We have urged the government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that the state government should inform the central government to release the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 from the North East of India especially from Meghalaya,” he said. Chairman of SNSBH is Dr Werlok R Kharshiing.
The lights were inaugurated by UKN Rajashekhar, Commandant, Battalion 123, BSF, along with Dimple Khari, Deputy Commandant.
During the floods, it was seen that some small vehicles were parked in the area, which were half submerged.
The poor and needy have increased because the wealth that should have been used to improve the income of the state has been wasted by those rulers whom we elect every five years.
Thus this question of Lydia changed Hep's mind how to answer.
However, the most exciting thing was the presence of Summersalt, a well-known band in the state, the country and even around the world.
Special cultural programs were also held on the occasion, two from West Khasi Hills Unit and one from Garo Hills Unit.
Under the leadership of IRDAI, a team of representatives from several life and general insurance companies have worked together to promote the dissemination of information and the purchase of information on life insurance. ' in the state.
Do any of you believe that you were born of animals? If a sheep cannot give birth to a cow, how can a shrieh give birth to a human child?
In the competition for the 'Best PSU for Promotion of Sports' award at the Sportstar Aces awards programme, ONGC has won the title.
From this year onwards, the six villages have no responsibility and even if they find fishermen, the Dorbar Shnongs (Sonapyrdi, Sakhri, Lum Tongseng, Shymplong, Kuliang and Borsora) will expel those fishermen.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Employees of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, on Saturday, clashed with the BSF at Lad Umsyiem, Shillong, after the BSF ordered them not to leave. operate the areas under their jurisdiction.
First Epistle John 2:1
They promise to give heaven and earth before the vote.
Jowai has recently lost a musician and songwriter, Byeming Bareh, and on Monday night it has lost another actor in Pnar films produced in Jowai.
Due to the overcrowding, the rynsan was rebuilt from 4 pm by placing only chairs for the public to avoid the rain.
Although it upset him, Ksan, when he looked around even in his childhood vision, had to accept it because he had seen with his own eyes and experienced for himself how difficult it was.
Those who receive 12 percent of the tax are fatty meat, butter, cheese, ghee, dried beans, meat, sausages, umsoh, Bhutia, Namkeen, Ayurvedic medicines, toothpaste, Agarbatti, paper colours, paintings, shatri , sewing machine, flower.
(A Government that rules as per the priorities of its own manifesto that it sold to the electorate before elections.
In Science, Arnab Dutta of LBBHSS (483 marks) got the first place while Steffi Niza W. Snaitang of St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong (477 marks).
Even if they have become educated, not only do they despise and disrespect their family and others, but 'as they increase in education, they decrease in their manners and dignity'
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The KSU Pynursla Unit will conduct an election campaign for all the candidates for the MDC election 2014 from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency.
In this regard, they urged the state government to look into this matter and to ensure that not only those involved send the UCs in time to the Finance Department and also the PAG(A&E) but also to monitor the distribution of funds to the departments.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has set a target to complete the division of MDC constituencies by November.
“The people of the state have the right to have leaders who can create jobs, protect the land, improve the work of the state without violating the rules of procedure. by the past leaders.
They should be strong and wise to speak for the salonsar.
During the 24 hour curfew which started from 6 pm on the 10th to 6 pm on the 11th, shops in the markets were also closed.
As in previous years, there were more men than women.
Shillong: U Ma DS War, Waheh Shnong of Namdong B, this evening, launched the street lights in the village, as part of the efforts to curb crime in the village.
Prijinni, who has four children, said she would file a new appeal in court because her husband had nothing to do with the allegation of mentorship or membership.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 19: Hundreds of people and leading leaders from other parties today joined the National People's Party (NPP) to strengthen the party in Mawhati Constituency especially to win the election for Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh as the party's candidate at a special meeting held at Mawlasnai.
The ICP, which is managed by the Land Ports Authority of India (LPAI), was inaugurated on 24th July 2017 and is scheduled to be completed in April 2018 at a cost of T.92.34 crore on an area of ​​22 acres.
There are those who carry the tray of the model Umiam Dam in the 1990s.
Sohkhia should be a staple among the foods you eat this summer.
The museum will house the birthplace of Kiang Nangbah at Kper Nangkhlieh, Tpeppale, the place where he was arrested by the British government at Umpara and the place where he was executed at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Killing and bombing villages is illegal.
The types of diseases that can be treated at this center include Stroke, BP, Diabetes, Thyroid, gynecological diseases, children, eye diseases and others.
The Congress wants Priyanka Gandhi, General Secretary of Uttar Pradesh (East), to contest against Modi in Varanasi this time. Hardik Patel, one of the leaders of the Patidar community, will contest from Varanasi.
RK Pareek said that the visit of the Association today is very urgent and the Association of Factories has not yet prepared anything to take a decision. The head of the companies has requested the leaders and members of the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association to bring along with them a written statement. After that, the AJHCMA will sit down to discuss and take a decision.
When asked by the opposition members what is the reason for the shortage of students, the minister said the main reason is because there are too many primary and upper primary schools in the rural areas.
There are also those who are concerned about the inheritance of the race from and to the woman and want to change it.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar has strongly condemned the police for not taking a statement from Tyngshain Wanwar who is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital. hiar thma in that bar state.
“This landfill will be improved by digging a well, building a furnace to treat the garbage and making compost plan to turn the garbage into wealth,” he said. to Ma Pariat.
“We have taken many issues regarding the PWD Roads & Building whether it is the shortage of staff, the difficulties we face from time to time in the shortage of funds, the difficulties in running the PWD Roads & Building. project due to lack of land and we have also discussed the implementation of the PMGSY and the schemes funded by the central and state governments in both these government departments,” said Prestone. Tynsong while talking to reporters after the meeting.
The actress, who entered Hollywood in 2015, doesn't have to worry anymore as the films she has done in Hollywood have been enough and have benefited her.
The expansion of the runway will facilitate the landing of larger aircraft at Umroih Airport in Ri Bhoi District.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has made it clear that the improvement or renewal of the Reservation Policy is its election issue. The Assembly has the right to come to the people who supported the Seng in the last elections.
Similarly, 10 persons were arrested from Ri-Bhoi.
“The University is a hub of Science, Technology and Social Research.
“Therefore, the union urges the Meghalaya government to take action to gather the people in Raid Nongtung from the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars Shnongs, Rangbah Shnong Unions, Raid Nongtung Syiems to find out the truth. The party will not allow these villages to go to Assam, said the statement.
A meeting of the residents of Aradonga area of ​​Khasi and Garo on Saturday, protested against the government's plan to set up an ANVC-B camp in West Khasi Hills and the area.
Conrad said Amit Shah will also attend a meeting of the North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) and will also inaugurate two or three projects in East Khasi Hills.
It is learned that these youths managed to flee from Pashang village, but due to lack of knowledge, they reached Lad Mawlang where the people drove them from Pashang village to Lad. Macmilan Kharshandi died while Ricky Dkhar and Teiborlang Kharbangar were seriously injured.
HYC Maweit Circle has demanded that the authorities in charge of these towers of Jio Company should take action and implement them immediately. The company has been given only three days to implement these towers and the Seng will take other strict measures.
Dr. Manjunathan is the Secretary, Animal Husbandry Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Ayoshee's first sales were shynrai in small bags that she was able to sell to family members, friends and colleagues.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KRC) strongly opposes the proposal and speech of the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council and the proposal of the Karbi to erect a monument on the border of Mukroh village to the Assam Forest Police Officer who fell dead in Mukroh. the shot for maki.
Shillong: Meghalaya played well against Manipur in the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy on the second day of the tournament in Surat.
After the statehood of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, which was called Meghalaya, Paragraph 12A was amended in the Sixth Scheduled Constitution. He said that if the laws of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) conflict with the laws of the State, in those areas where they conflict, the laws of the State stand by Para 12 A(b). to suspend, release or regulate the proceedings of Parliament in the Tribal Areas of Meghalaya.
Any language included in Schedule 10 becomes the Official Language of the country and may also be included in the Official Language Commission of India as well as in its various departments. Government.
As a large and rich country, Assam has become the home of Bangladeshis and from there they have migrated to the North Eastern States of India.
On the other hand, the students and HITO Shillong city, have requested to take immediate action on this issue so that it will not cause problems to the students.
The Minister of Education said that 90% of the students do not take mathematics if they have the opportunity.
Ronaldo was taken to hospital and treated and released a few hours later and resumed training a few days later.
The video was confirmed not to have been edited but the soldiers themselves went to confirm in front of the camera that these items were dug up and found from all over the area. Al-Shifa Hospital in Gaza.
The Congress has not done anything for many years in its rule.
Basaiawmoit said the claim that the ILP will affect the economy is not appropriate because when you are seriously ill you need to get treatment and not to buy clothes.
Borduar, 6
Therefore, as in 1973, once again the voice of our leaders was counted.
To raise awareness in this area should start from home and outside in different areas.
With modern and modern architecture, this restaurant is located in the same area as the entrance, it is a spacious and spacious area with windows from the floor to the ground. where light gets directly into the room.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem as King, the crowds shouted, “Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord!”.
Tura, Nailar 4 : On Tuesday night at 8.30 pm, wild elephants attacked Borogobal village under Tikrikilla Police Station and damaged a property. Amin Raibak Rabha, 50, was also killed in the attack.
“Now that I have been re-appointed as Director of this department, I will not appeal to the Court or file a Contempt of Court Petition which he planned to file on 6th November
The Hima will now have to write to the office to give them a day to remove the jar so that the water will not flow into the road.
The State Government should have amended the law slightly and that is to impose a little more tax on the villages and that is that in the big urban villages, the purchase of kyiad, will be handed over to They will run the villages and that is that all the drinkers, who have 100, 200, 300 people, should give their own brands that they want the liquor vendors to discuss in advance with one or two shops and put the When they go to the village, the village volunteers take their part to deliver the kyiad to those in need.
U Syiem Khynnah Hima Khyrim, said that in the year 1800, these villages were not as populous or developed as they are now.
Two surveyors will be appointed in each district and the work will start this month and will be completed within 60 days ending two months.
At present, he said, the government's plan is to abolish even the District Council which is the protector of customs and traditions, land, but if these are lost, there will be no benefit to the ownership. He said that if the NPP wins again, the District Council will lose its dam.
Peter came and sat down and drank only a cup of tea and said, “From all sides it seems that our house knows better and is leading someone we trust.
He said that the group will not stop protesting as soon as the MCC is in office but will continue to protest even when the new government comes.
In the letter, Singh asked the High Court for three months to take the necessary steps for their application.
The aim is to build mutual trust and to get cooperation with the village authorities in order to curb crime and illegal activities in these border villages.
According to the DoT, there are 6459 villages in Meghalaya and out of these 4818 have access to mobile signal. it has risen to 4819.
Lajong have improved to four points from six games while Minerva have earned five points from five games.
Expressing its deep sorrow over the murder of Priskila Suchiang, 45, the BJP strongly condemns the murder of the people involved. I also extend my condolences to the two children of this woman and to the relatives.
Amber, who speaks Spanish well, hopes that in the years to come when what happened to her and Depp is forgotten, she will have the opportunity to return to Hollywood. .
Even today, no one is allowed to cut down trees from this Lawlyngdoh.
The Congress party through Ronnie V. Lyngdoh has strongly opposed any proposal by the central government to introduce such a panchayat in Meghalaya.
The tournament was held with a special invitation to the football stars of the State including Redeem Tlang, Aiban Dohling and Halen Nongtdu along with FIFA Assistant Referee.
Speaking to media, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that he has raised a question with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU whether the colleges recognized by NEHu have been able to implement the NEP. -2020.
Niaw Wasa, who have played four games, yesterday lacked a strong defense and failed to stop Pdengkarong's first goal in the first half. the 27th minute.
The residents of Mawngap Khlieshnong in a meeting, demanded that the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, G. Allan Lyngdoh, should clarify to the public on the allegation that the residents have embezzled the money of the Hima.
According to information received from a foreigner, the employees of the Infiltration Check Post in Byrnihat, have taken money from these foreigners, in order to allow them to They have entered the state of Meghalaya.
The occupants of the auto and those who sustained serious injuries were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. Police Traffic Police rushed to the scene and rushed to the scene. to conduct an investigation.
The OC of Williamnagar Police Station on Thursday sent a letter to Tennydard to withdraw the complaint from the Police Station and lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities or the Election Department.
“Where are you from...?” asked the mother. “I'm from the Rangbah Shnong's house.
The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has demanded that the CBI Shillong should take over the investigation as the Post Office department falls under the jurisdiction of the central government.
The next day, Hep, as usual after work, went to Lydia's house to have a good time.
The overturning of the truck has caused a traffic jam in Upper Shillong.
This order shall apply to Contending Candidates, their Agents and Political Parties.
In response to the request of these two groups, all petrol stations in the state have been closed since Tuesday.
ASHA workers are women who serve at the forefront of the poor in rural areas.
Thin Situng, who was a friend, was shot in the right arm.
“If the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia support the VPP struggle, it is not for the benefit of the party or himself or for the MLA or MDC elections but for the future of the future generations. “If we stand firm now, I believe that the government will have to amend the reservation policy,” said Bah Ardent. “The roster system is not the problem but the main reason is the reservation policy,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The General Council of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Thursday decided to dissolve the party before joining the National People's Democratic Party (NPP). ) on Saturday at a meeting to be held at the NPP headquarters in Shillong.
Selsella Sports Association scored two more goals through Walseng Sangma in the 64th and 66th minutes.
With this victory, Thadmuthlong became the first team to qualify for the semifinals.
“All the Rangbah Shnongs in the town will be summoned to appear before the court on this issue, which they don't know,” said Bah Blah.
The Supreme Court, in its decision, has laid down the rules that students should no longer be forced or ordered on any matter to obtain a TIKA or even to bring a certificate. If you have passed the TIKA inside the school or have passed the examination.
In a statement, General Secretary Dani M Dunai said that the union has received a reply from the PIO of DIPR that there are up to 30 vacancies in the department. Photographer, Journalist, LDA, Typist, Driver, Handyman and others within the department.
“However, after conducting a thorough search from three museums in Tura, Jowai and Chilpigram, Guwahati, we found that some of the items we found have disappeared from these museums.
The purpose of the Trade License for the Dkhars and Khyllahs is to restrict their trade so that it does not affect the trade of the indigenous people and to allow them to grow rapidly. It is for this reason that the Trade Regulations for the Non-Tribal have been called.
The Shad Sajer is one of the rituals of the raid Nonglyngdoh which is held every year before the beginning of the planting and burial to thank and pray to God to bless the children of thousands of people. you raid.
“We would like to ask the KHADC, on what basis did it accept the NOC signed by a foreigner as Rangbah Shnong? This shows that the KHADC itself has violated the law of the Hima Mylliem and has issued Trade License through insufficient NOCs,” said KHNAM. another found that the Council has been stingy in issuing Trade Licenses and there is no proper implementation of the Trading by Non-Tribal Act 1954,” said the statement.
“The HYC is ready to demand its own Hynniewtrep or Khasi Jaintia State if this issue cannot be resolved. but we don't want to talk about having two budgets in Meghalaya”.
On behalf of Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 – Daloi, we thank you and pray to the gods that during these 4 days 3 nights (4 days 3 nights) you will bless us in our lives. SKSR Publicity Secretary SKSR 12-Daloi said.
Some of the issues of the committee, Titos said it should strengthen the demand for a district and that its headquarters should be in Sohra.
The Minister said that the Hima has been lyngkar and the District Council has not been established since 1952, although the people have been calling from time to time to reduce the Trading License to foreigners. .
“It is the plan of the Government that all government schools should receive the funds because some schools do not need new schools but only minor repairs,” he added.
This will make us feel that we will reach the point where we will no longer trust lawyers and advocates and legislators or the political parties in the future.
There is a politician who has just left the BJP and joined the Congress. He used to say that if we Christians don't join the Hindu party, there will be no protection.
The Amateur League is a bottom-up program around the world and allows those who have not reached the goal to play in clubs,” said Bah Larsing Ming Sawian President of the MFA. “The MFA has worked hard to organize this tournament for 10 months and we are proud to open it in
“Acknowledging that almost all the schools have proceeded with the implementation of the NEP, Bah Jemino said, “The council of principals has already approved the implementation.
He said that there are many other schools which have up to three teachers according to the enrollment of children.
This explanation and training was successful and smooth under the guidance of experts including Dr. HD Talang (Scientist), Dr. VK Verma (Sr.
In this regard, the National People's Party (NPP) today held a meeting at Nolikata Ground, Ranikor Civil Sub Division. The purpose of this meeting is to welcome new members to the party and also to re-constitute the NPP Ranikor Block.
Thus, the organization was founded on 23 November
Speaking on the judges, H Munish Singh, Zonal Director of ICCR and Chairman of the North East Region and Dr. Wandamika Lyngdoh were the guests of honour. Please, Jolly Borah, Gracyl Ropmay and Sanat Basaiawmoit.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, “The inclusion of all the Census Towns of the state in the Jal Jeevan Mission has opened the door for the villages which do not yet have access to clean drinking water.
According to a report released by the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), more than 30,700 people have been affected by the floods in Chirang, Darrang, Dhemaji, Dhubri, Dibrugarh, Kokrajhar, Lakhimpur and Nalbari. , Sonitpur and Udalguri districts.
In this regard, the KSU Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Robertgil Kharsewsaw, Education Secretary, has recently met with the management of Sibsing Memorial School to discuss the lack of a full time Mathematics teacher. The KSU said that according to the information received by the KSU, the posts of DSEO, SDSEO and Joint Director have been sent to the Principal of the school. The school has suspended its operation and appointed full time staff, and said that the government has given the reason that there is no person to take over and this union cannot accept it.
The Dorbar Shnong Moodymmai has distributed blankets to all the households in the village donated by the MLA of the area, Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar.
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy... for the time is at hand.
In taekwondo, Kyrshanlang Dkhar (junior boys U-45kg), Sahil Singh (junior boys U-51kg), Rishi Kant Singh (junior boys U-55kg) and Asha Sunar (junior girls U-48kg) won the medals. at Laban Indoor Stadium.
If anyone is found to be in violation of the rules, they will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a letter to the District Grievance Redressal Officer. You can submit your application to the Complaint Box at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has decided to continue its indefinite strike if the dewbilat factories do not implement the new fare by 10 am on the 7th of this month.
The President of the HYC said that the HYC will ask the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima and the DC and the HYC will also ask the MLA/MDC of the area whether it is true or not. of him, how he no longer needs permission from law enforcement.
In fact, the CEM said that the District Council has laid down a law for the residents not to throw garbage in the river and if anyone violates this law, the people will be punished. You cannot apply to the District Council.
When he went to work for a week and it was on the weekend (Saturday) that Peter met with his boss to discuss what he had said earlier “Bah, I want to talk to you "Oh... do you mean that car?" said Peter in a soft voice. “Yes, Bah,” replied Peter. “How did you decide with your mother?” “My mother and I welcome your good idea and that you should count a little bit from my monthly salary,” said Peter.
In the second innings, Police Control Room scored 117 runs for the loss of five wickets in 17.2 overs.
“Corruption includes the misuse of public funds, illegal appointments and misuse of power by those leaders,” he said.
“Every time I had to sleep, I had only one bed for two people and so I used to sleep on the floor to sleep with my six husbands.
After all, she said to her son, “Rida, today we have sold up to forty thousand pieces of silver.
In the afternoon, a sermon was delivered by Bah Dominic Thappa who taught and preached the Word of God on the theme, “Grow up in Him” (Colossians 2:7) and a blessing from Rev Fr Manbha Pakem DYD-JDCYM.At the end of the day, Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat-Khanduli Constituency in the presence of the Lyndoh Sohblei, the members of the JDCYM. former leaders of the party and the Catholic faithful.
There was also a welcome ceremony for those who came to support the candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC) from the HSPDP, TMC, BJP and PDF. MLA V. Thyrniang, Chief Advisor, MBCC Advisor, K. Lyngkhoi, Vice President of MPCC and others.
The appointment of proxy teachers is still rampant today and it is necessary to stop this illegal activity in schools immediately.
Reliance Pyrngap from Meghalaya has received the award for the year 2022 in recognition of her service as an Auxiliary Nursing Midwife (ANM) and Lady Health Visitor (LHV) for more than a year. 35 years.
Condemning the entry of foreigners into KHADC without proper documents, John Lyngdoh said, “We have been involved in the issuance of labor license especially for foreign workers and mostly foreigners. However, we are surprised to find that in this place at the KHADC office, foreign workers who do not have proper documents and do not have labor license are found. “It is surprising that the KHADC has not been able to look into this incident even in its own shetja, we strongly condemn it because it seems that even in this place the KHADC cannot control” he said.
King Mark 9:35.
However, if we look closely, it is not only electricity that we need for economic development or income generation; We also need adequate roads which are the key to economic development as well as drinking water, health, education and others.
After the meeting, the synjuk handed over to the Ri-iohlang to cut the cake as a sign of advance Christmas.
“The CSWO warns the relevant authorities that this government belongs to the people and not to a house run by one or two people to violate the law,” she said.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued an order to implement the Odd/Even number for commercial vehicles traveling from IGP to Khyndai Lad and Motphran from 5th July.
The public hearing was for the expansion of the Mawshun mining project on an area of ​​42.051 hectares at Bishyrnot.
“To be a member of the Sengbhalang, you don't have to be afraid, but you have to be brave, to fight for the causes of the Jaidbynriew, you don't have to be in the Sengbhalang just for the benefit of the people. “If there are such people, it is better for them to leave the party,” said Bah Welbirh Rani.
The fire broke out at 8 pm and three shops including a sha shop, a tailor shop and a shop, were destroyed.
Likewise, the expectation of ILP in the way given to Manipur will not be unconstitutional as clause (3) of Article 372 has been prohibited.
He said that the party together with other parties including HANM, EJNC, JSM and CORP stand firm on the ground that if this issue cannot be resolved, it should split its party. of the state.
On the other hand, FKJGP President Bah Dundee C Khongsit said that this action of the state government seems to be a mistake in the treatment of the disease by withdrawing the security forces from the border areas. , and it is like treating the sick with a headache medicine.
Shillong, November 19: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Director of Urban Affairs Department, Bah E.Kharmalki to request the Government to recognize the Motphran is like a snowflake.
Leaders of the Mawhati Circle who were confirmed on the occasion included Renold Dkhar as President and Banrilang Makdoh as General Secretary among other members.
Bhupendra Yadav, Sub Divisional Magistrate, visited the scene and found a weapon, which was still burning.
God reigns over the nations. GOD SITES ON HIS HOLY THRONE" God reigns over the nations" Psalm 47:7-8
This also includes those who want to promote tourism in the state.
“We request the parents and students to go to their examination centers safely and free from illness,” said the Principal Secretary.
If the Government intends to implement any project or development in a clean, transparent and accountable manner and without affecting the society, there will be no opposition from anyone. “As a democratic country, there should be opposition parties, anti-government groups and even anti-government organizations and civil society organizations to look after in their respective areas,” said the FKJGP in a statement. receive that righteous judgment.
The Seng urges the Syiem of the Hima Sohra and all the Chiefs of the Village Authorities to stand firm on the principle of not auctioning the land of the Jaidbynriew to any armed forces.
The education department has written to the Deputy Commissioners to release the teachers from the census, said Babu Kular.
The first to settle in Ri Bhoi were the Mikirs, who were considered backward and stupid, who soon moved to the Mikir Hills (Karbi Anglong).
Speaking briefly at the meeting, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Government of Meghalaya and MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, expressed his gratitude to the Mawlangwir Sports Club for hosting the tournament once again. One of the opportunities for the youth of South West Khasi Hills District as well as others from outside the district to showcase their talents.
The first incident occurred in North Garo Hills when the 19th Dogra Regiment together with the Meghalaya Police, after receiving information about the movement of unidentified militants, arrested the soldiers. They were sent to Pach Kilo area in North Garo Hills.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Wahiajer-Ummulong Area on 17th February 2024 has decided to continue to support five orphans for their education.
The debate on the price hike came after the Opposition disrupted Parliament, which had to be adjourned several times.
Out of these 2,220 cases, 833 cases including 173 Armed Forces and 660 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 44 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 84 cases in Ri Bhoi District. 8 cases from Armed Forces and 76 cases from civilians, 3 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 23 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 121 cases from West Garo Hills including 75 cases from Armed Forces and 46 cases from West Jaintia Hills. There are 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 21 cases in South Garo Hills including 11 cases from Armed Forces and 10 cases from civilians, 83 cases in East Garo Hills and 83 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 5 of them.
Assam has been demanding these lands from the state governments and the Indian government as well, said Pato Wary.
At the end of the tournament, the organizers also distributed medals and certificates to all the winners, boys and girls as well as to the youth. Kerry Wahlang and Maikansam Nongsiej came first, second and third in the 50m backstroke for boys. In the 50m freestyle, Mewanjoplang Iawphniaw and Kerry came third. Wahlang and the Resurrection.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We have requested the Minister to issue a directive. to send the letter immediately.
When asked, she said the department is continuing the IEC programs in collaboration with the Village Health Councils (VHCs) in all the villages as part of providing support and awareness to many churches on this issue. .
Sanbor Shullai congratulated the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for releasing the land of the tribals under the Act and said that only the BJP party speaks to the BJP MLAs from these states. the North Eastern Region which has also been accepted by the Central Government.
He is a Friend, He is a guide, He is the Bread that nourishes us on our journey to eternal life," he added.
The raid is part of the efforts to curb the illegal immigration of foreigners in the region especially after the issuance of the NRC in Assam where 19 lakh people have not registered, said Pillar Phawa.
The young pastor said that they were late to arrive at the appointed time because of the traffic jam.
Victorelness Syiemlieh, a retired nurse from the post of Assistant Director of Nurses at the Directorate of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, Shillong, is also a retired nurse. society and who was once a responsible member of the Church.
Speaking to media, Bah Readyon Stone Nongrum said that besides these demands, the union has also urged the government to expedite the construction of the engineering college which laid the foundation stone last year at Shillong Polytechnic. to open coaching centers to train students for various examinations, to make Khasi subject (MIL) as the main subject in schools as the MBOSE has decided to to put this subject like other subjects to choose from, to reopen step schools for poor children.
“On Domiasiat village, which has uranium, the party has also raised other issues, one of which is the news of the opening of the uranium mine in Domiasiat, we have written a letter to the state government and till now they have not been able to clarify on this issue and to ensure peace we will write back to the prime minister”.
In his speech, he said that the work done by the nurses in the state is one of the most efficient and specialized jobs, although many of these nurses face problems with trees. various activities in their working methods.
Thai police on Tuesday raided an area northwest of Bangkok, where they arrested a robber inside his residence after he Two persons were shot dead and several others were injured.
Eyewitnesses said that after seeing that the fire started to burn and spread to the shops of the neighbours, they immediately informed the police. the police the fire department.
When asked whether former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin is the first candidate for the ticket, Paul said that Kharjahring is not one of the candidates for the ticket. Shillong Parliamentary Seat election.
