He also mentioned the nar gates installed on the road of the area, which has caused traffic jam in Shillong and expressed his concern for the health of the residents of the area.
Therefore, the Union urges the Garo people to have mutual respect and at the same time, they urge the DC of Ri Bhoi, to confirm this request from the Garo people. “The Hima Mylliem, because in fact, the Garo cannot be Rangbah Shnong, but they should be only such Rangbah Shnong,” he added.
The group, which aims to bring about reconciliation, said that it aims to gather all the people who have left and been expelled from the HSPDP to talk to each other to strengthen the party. .
Sangma said the government is working in many areas to ensure all these, and that the nature and extent of load shedding will not happen again in the days and years to come.
The Committee has proposed to visit the project within a short period of time,” she said.
On the other hand, the supporters from other parties who came to support the Congress candidate, said that they joined the Congress to support Bah J.A Lyngdoh who is a man of humility.
Although we understand that money has no value in front of human life, it will help the family members to meet their needs especially in times of illness.
Thus, today we see in Khasi-Jaintia the mohkhiew which is one of the tools made of silver used by the farmer.
On the other hand, Kong Bertina Lyngdoh, who is also one of the writers in the media and other media, said that the candidate himself is still in the midst of a mental disability. that the disabled cannot participate in society.
However, in my opinion, how much easier it would be for our people to know better about this day if we tell and talk about this day in our own language which we can understand.
He who comes from the sea is a world ruler and he who comes from the land is a religious ruler.
Instead of Mominin, the NPP is ready to give the ticket to AT Mondal.
Two policemen were injured in the blaze and were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment while three others were discharged after treatment.
If so, the border is gone.
Once again I would like to speak again on the same topic which I have already spoken and I have also published these articles in the Khasi newspapers.
There have been 11 deaths and 9 of them have not been injected.
Earlier, they demanded T.1 crore but it was increased to T.10 lakh later.
She said that this is only an attempt and if successful, it will be implemented throughout Shillong.
He said that on this day which is a great day in the Church, tens of thousands of faithful from the Diocese, Jowai, Nongstoin and Archdiocese Shillong should have attended, but the spread of Covid-1 19 parishioners were not allowed to attend because they had to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government, said a source from the Bishop's House Jowai Diocese.
At the same time, he said that the NPP has now brought in foreigners to campaign in Sohiong constituency, but the people have already decided to support the UDP candidate. Sohiong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh said that the people of Sohiong constituency have wanted the leader to pass a law in the House.
Screams of applause went up and echoed in the area; The slogans of the slogan are, “Assam Government Down Down, Conrad Down Down, Lahkmen Rymbui Down Down, Himanta Down Down, Amit Shah Down Down”.
Many of our children from the age of two or three to the age of 10 do not receive nutritious food because their parents are not able to breastfeed and provide nutritious food.
Shillong: The Inspector General (IG) of the Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya, MS Dhillon, today said that the allegation of rape of Dr. Seibok Buam by the BSF has been resolved by mutual understanding.
Who looks after the school and who teaches the students? The loss is terrible and no one can bury this loss.
The political parties themselves have to appease the fighters even though they understand the problems that will arise if they do what the villagers say.
These businessmen cum politicians who have won and are now in power need to increase their resources which they will use specifically for the next three years, so that they can throw more in that once a year exchange, the heads of the pigs and the feet of the pigs.
The village leaders of Umkiang PHC after receiving a complaint from the patients and medicine takers today visited the Umkiang PHC. The rain has fallen on the beds of the patients, which has caused problems to the mothers who gave birth at the hospital.
Therefore, as the Head of Agriculture in the District, he urged the farmers to continue their farming and at the same time he encouraged the students who have completed their studies. “It is known that the farmers are the source of income,” he added.
Similarly, in November, the ABVP will celebrate its 75th Anniversary for 15 days with the participation of 75 members who will come to learn and understand the culture of the North East.
“If Bah AL Hek joins the party, we are ready to welcome him,” said Bah Shibun.
Dr Mukul said that in the recent election results in Kerala, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu, the BJP has not won anything and many of the seats are still controlled by the Congress party. 15 years and many changes have brought about maybe the people want to see how this new government is, as in the country the UPA has ruled for 10 years maybe the people want to see the “It's a good idea to have a new government,” said Dr. Mukul.
He said that every game the galleries were packed but on this day it was too much.
According to sources, the incident occurred in room 19 of the hostel known as Ranggira Hostel.
The State Government on 15th June, has released the implementation plan for the allocation of T.400 crore with the aim of empowering the farmers and also to implement programs aimed at protecting the forests. .
In this part of his victory, the country's athlete, who has won the Bronze medal twice at the Commonwealth Games, has improved his style of play in the match against the Macedonia's Alen Rustemovski won the first leg 5-0
The counting of votes for the mid-term elections in Shella ended today and the counting of winners will be held on the 24th at the office of the SDO Sohra.
He said that such a large meeting between the participating groups is unprecedented in the Northeast, where experts from scientists to scientists have come together. beekeepers and local entrepreneurs involved in the development of this industry.
Computer equipment including a Central Processing Unit, Key Board and Mouse were stolen from the Addl. Secretariat and the office of the Parliamentary Secretary for Information and Public. Relations of Rophul S Marak who is also the leader of Rongara Siju.
The Congress party has recently announced 55 candidates for the elections.
At the program of the state to celebrate Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas (Tribal Pride) held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Joshi's absence comes after BJP leader LK Advani withdrew from the Lok Sabha elections and was replaced by Amit Shah. of Gandhinagar.
“101 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 4 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1311 in the state on Tuesday.
The DC said that until the 90 percent injection is completed, it is not safe and has directed to protect themselves when in public places.
“When asked, Dr. Mawthoh said the party will announce its candidates for the Lok Sabha elections within this month.
This is indeed a glory for our nation.
Instead of bringing peace and benefit, this has brought destruction to the family and society.
Earlier, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong had threatened to take action if the minister does not take action to release MUDA. “It was the court which suspended the government's order through the PIL of Bah Tirto Sing Syiemlieh,” said Bah Ronie.
Some have criticized that the meeting of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM is in preparation for the 2018 elections and that there has been no consultation with many candidates who are preparing for
The khoi which is made from the rice is taken from the rice and put in the silver containing the sh'iap which has been heated as described above, and the kings war-shi-war as When the rice is cooked, they take it out of the fire and separate the rice from the sh'iap with a shalani.
He said that the Nomination Committee will be headed by district office bearers, Women Wing office bearers, Youth Wing office bearers and seven members of the UDP. new office bearers.
Ma Kliarbha Sana was re-elected as the new Waheh Shnong for the term 2021-2
Ribanlin Lyngdoh, the women's player of the women's team, won the Promising Youngster title.
There are seven candidates for the election including Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP and Stodingstar Thabah. Speaking to reporters, CEO FR Kharkongor said that there was no incident during the polling station. 'vote' today.
However, although the Tripra Party has only 18 MLAs, it has been able to persuade the Indian government to sign a soskular that the Indian government will provide special protection and recognition to their fundamental rights. citizen.
The failure to achieve the Namdong C&RD Block which was set as a target since 2013, but nothing has been done yet, in order to help alleviate the poverty as it is in other areas. The government does not see the problems of the people.
The JMB has also signed a social agreement between the land owner and the Jowai Municipal Board on 9th November
They are shisha, those children who have been burned and eaten.
The children were busy and the muja went to put the jasong at the gate and the gate.
The first qualifier will be between Khliehriat West FC, Sutnga SSCC and Thanngskai Tiger SC on the 25th of March at the Stadium. organization.
“There are some political parties, who, although they are in the MDA Government, but in every election they come out to criticize and speak against the NPP. but it is also not good for the people.
Rishandro passed the U.P.S.C Examination for the Indian Administrative Service or I.A.S (R.R).
Shillong: A house in Erpakon village near Nongpoh Ribhoi District has been completely destroyed by a fire at 12:30 pm this morning. .
“During the implementation of the curfew, across the state due to the outbreak of Covid-19, I have been able to visit the war zones and found that people are breaking the dopwai, which have fallen “It's a good idea to take action to turn these dopwai into plates,” said Bah Embhah Rymbai.
It cannot be denied that various individuals and groups have come forward to turn to tourism as one of the sources of income.
The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to disband the NPP Block in two constituencies, Mawkynrew and Sohra constituencies, with the merger of the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
Moli Lamin, 74, of Mawlai Mawdatbaki EK Hills, was admitted to Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong on 13-05-2021. He died on 26-05-2 19 Therin Tariang, 77, of Nongthymmai Village, Pynursla, EK Hills, was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 19-05-2021. She died on 26-05-2 Chelsing Kharpran, 30, of Sohryngkham, EK Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 25-05-2021. He died on 26-05-2 -morbidities Bah Phar Sari, 85, of Lad Mukhla, WJ Hills, passed away on 22-05-2021 at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
Bonucci made his debut for Italy in October 2010 and after four years of involvement, he was re-elected captain of the team.
The Minister made this announcement while witnessing the final of the 1st Open To All Knockout Football Tournament organized by the SPSC in collaboration with the Raliang Dorbar Chnong which ended on the 29th of this month. month.
The meeting was also attended by the Secretary of Shkenpyrsit Village, Smenlang Kyndait, other members of the village, teachers of schools in the village and employees of SURE. Remember that people spend money on medicines, but if they eat healthy food, it will protect them from many diseases.
Regarding this incident, the family members of the newborn child, have expressed their sorrow over the riots among the believers inside the Presbyterian Umrandairy Church which has reached the point where even the The newborn child, however, was refused to be buried in the Church Cemetery.
He said that six pigs died in Mawphlang and one in Marbisu, seven pigs died in Zero Point and one in Umran Dairy. of Ri Bhoi District which falls under Umsning Block.
The DGP admitted that as it is now, it has been seen that the order has been implemented, as the number of coal trucks passing through the area every day has decreased compared to the previous days.
Collective Marketing Centre, Umwang Pyllun IVCS, RiBhoi 4.
In the 10th minute, Syndai had a chance to score but it was not scored as he was offside.
Marak said the duty of the TFC is to follow up and analyze the drinking water and especially to look into any complaints related to the drinking water supplied from GSWSS I and II to the city.
After the NPP ended, the BJP started with Bah Spastarlin Nongrem taking part in the public explanation.
At the same time, Bah Cajee also donated jerseys to various sports clubs in the Rangblang area.
Speech was also delivered by Bah SP Shadap (Rangbah Shnong, Banbudai) who urged the youth of the village to be polite and to avoid all kinds of evils which are a source of inspiration for the future. yours.
He said that in this democratic country, this is a violation of the Constitution.
“It is for this reason that we have tried to appoint staff from other departments to look after the farm for a while until we appoint full time staff.
and if we can do so, this Word of God now promises me and you that in the midst of all this suffering that we are experiencing in our lives, in their homes, in our society, In society, in the country and in the nation, God promises to be our stronghold in such times of trouble, he is the place where there is a stronghold to protect us from dangers. and if we turn and flee to him we shall be saved from these troubles, for he knows and recognizes me and you if we are those people who believe and trust in him.
Jowai: Many households in Lapangap village have been affected by the heavy rain and cold weather in Lapangap area on 23rd June.
Police seized these flags and explosives after one of the arrested led them to a house where these illegal weapons were hidden.
At the same time, the Chief Minister also launched the booklet of the Springshed Development Initiative Programme, the Annual Report of BDU & SLRM and the Almanac of the District.
Nongpoh: Many vehicles and shops in Jerobad have been severely affected by the sudden storm which lasted for about 2 hours.
It is to be recalled that when the transformers are lost, it takes time for the Department to build or replace them.
The Committee was tasked to investigate, record findings and comment on the purchase of equipment, AT&C losses and the operation of MeECL, and its subsidiaries including Meghalaya Power Generation Corporation Ltd. (MePGCL), the Meghalaya Power Transmission Corporation Ltd (MePTCL) and the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd (MePDCL).
Lapang met with Rahul Gandhi, Gulam Nabi Azad and Salman Khurshid.
“This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled”.
However, we must remember that there are many new technologies that can affect us if we put these technologies first (concern) that AI brings to society. In society, one of the challenges we face is job replacement.
He said that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, as it appeared in the newspapers led by Bah Tyllilang Myrthong as President and Bah Batista Myrthong as Secretary, has not owned the land. 4, 12, 14, 17, 21, 24, 25, 49, 50, 51, 52 and 53 from the book 'Dienjat Ki Longshwa' book chapters bring Christian religious feeling and thought.
“The state government cannot just wave its hands that once the bill is passed, it is enough because the Governor is waiting for the opinion of the Council of Ministers,” he said.
In this exhibition, the freedom struggle of the country is depicted in different ways.
It is learned that the Sengbhalang has not set a time limit for the government to send.
He said that during the rainy season, the road is repaired and vehicles can reach these areas.
Other festivals to be held include Me.
He praised the Shillong Law College and the Positive Energy Art Foundation for organizing the exhibition to promote the arts and culture of the state and the North East.
Government ministers are politicians and election contestants and therefore, we don't know whether such a visit will help vote for the MLAs of the coalition government in Jaintia Hills.
Unfortunately for Meghalaya, the Baroda bowlers did not allow them to score.
God loved his own and opened the way – the only way – for us to have eternal life.
Pius's group asked, using a Bible example, 'Who won between David and Goliath?' To strengthen their argument, Pius's group pointed out that Pius was no longer young , because he lost to Danggo with 9,000 votes or 50 votes.
To receive assistance from this E-Shram, those aged 16 to 59 years old have to register by bringing the necessary documents such as Adhar Card, Bank Account and Phone Number.
Police are investigating the incident, but so far they have not found any signs that the child has been abused.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) on Saturday held a public rally in Motphran to demand that the government should not force the vaccine, and let people choose for themselves. by your free will.
The BJP is also preparing a 100 day program for the implementation as soon as it wins and comes to power in the state.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Witting Mawsor, MLA of Mawshynrut, said that the HSPDP has decided to meet the Governor and submit a letter with detailed explanations to him regarding the post of Parliamentary Secretary. state.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit, on 23rd March 2022 with the assistance of the Rangbah Shnong, has resumed the repair and renovation of the wooden bridge. near Nongtyngur Village, in order to bring benefits and beauty and to preserve the heritage that has been passed down by our ancestors since ancient times.
In a statement, the JSU said that the increase in the number of drug users among the youth is no longer a new problem in East Jaintia Hills District.
In 1973, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya introduced and passed the Meghalaya Residential Permit Bill, 1973 and according to this Act, any foreigner who intends to stay in Meghalaya for more than 4 months they have to apply for permission from the government and without the permission of the government, if they remain without permission beyond that period, they will be expelled and punished with imprisonment or fine.
But what happened to him was that the wealth he had gained by killing the cow was lost.
It also claimed on the grounds that his term had not expired and there were six months left.
"By this law of God, which was requested in the judgment, the sons and daughters born to the Dkhar mother and the Khasi father were established the religion of the covenant of God, which is called The Niam Tang Jait" to be free from the sin of blood and matter.
Also present at the program were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri.
Speaking on the flooding during the rainy season, he said that the blame is not only for the construction of the 4-lane road, but also for the people. The residents also don't have the responsibility to throw their garbage into the drains during the dry season and when it rains, the water doesn't flow to the places where it should flow and that's why it comes. flooding to the roadway.
Speaking as the chief guest, the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his concern and said that it is not enough to know what is good but to do and improve. Speaking on the violence against children, women and drug users, he said that most of those who commit such acts are known to be These are not illegal, but they continue to commit such evil deeds in the society.
When only the new books cannot be provided in the market, now the subject of Grammar has appeared ?? Parents especially from the rural areas who have to come to the city from time to time to buy new books to provide for the needs of their children at school are also affected by the expenses of the household. .
At the same time, he said the state government has signed an agreement with the German International Cooperation (GIZ) to develop the State Water Policy.
Expressing his happiness on their return, Bah HDR Lyngdoh before speaking, invited his brothers and sisters to come forward and show to the people that now as a family they have become one. preparing for the 2023 elections.
The State Government has said that during the first outbreak of the disease, which occurred between the end of April and November, 2020, it was the fear of the disease that caused many people to leave their homes. home and seek medical attention when they need it.
It is also a great opportunity for these migrants to European countries because when they arrive in these countries they get everything from accommodation, medicine, food and drink to education and the locals. However, they are now facing difficulties in getting the benefits they deserve because they are the taxpayers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Blikson Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang, expressed his regret over the lack of attention by the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, to talk to the Assam Police, for the smooth running of the The construction of this Khniang House.
Therefore, as the leaders of the Youth Congress, they have no part in the Congress party and the decision to join other parties will be taken later, he added.
It should be stopped immediately because we don't want to see more incidents happening.
One of the issues that the residents have expressed against the Public Hearing is the change of venue for the Public Hearing because the SPB had planned to hold it in Brichyrnot but now The day was held at Lumshnong without the approval of the Rangbah Shnong of Lumshnong.
Many of the places where such incidents have occurred are in Nongmensong, Mawprem, Madanriting and Mawblei.
Similarly, the request was that the election campaign should be dignified from the language to the rhetoric.
In 1931, the RSS supported Shyama Prasad Mukherji to found the Baratya Jana Sangh and later paved the way for the formation of the BJP. The VHP is a social and religious organization.
Therefore, the petition is to urge the Prime Minister to take action and release free of charge when the people living on the border need to register land, as there are many people living in They are poor and lack knowledge, so if the government increases the price or delays, it makes it difficult for them to register in Assam, which registers and they do it faster.
As promised, they will send the replies through the officers from various departments.
However, according to the records, the income does not exceed Rs 11,000 per month and does not exceed Rs 2,000 per month.
“The road from Lyngkyrdem to Pynursla is only 6 km away but the delay is less than half an hour,” said Bah Donkupar Khongsit, one of the indica drivers in the area.
After the blessing from the Pandit, they left Syntu Ksiar on motorcycles while the women carried the water on foot to Ram Mandir at Iawmusiang to perform the ritual.
According to a report from the BDO of Nongstoin C&RD Block, the villages affected by the cold weather include Mawsngapwir, Mawkynbat, Mawiawet and Nongrangoi. , Byrki are the villages which have been hit and damaged by the cold.
Tura, Jymmang 29 : The District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC) Tura has assisted Rikamatchi D Shira through the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) scheme to set up a studio for the development of people from the skin to the skin. M/s Studio Metamorph is located at Sora Complex, Tura.
Nehlang Lyngdoh of the NPP, who received 17,908 votes, Damewanhi Rymbai of the VPP, who did not reach the target, included Nehlang Lyngdoh of the NPP, who received 17,908 votes; Bhayes Chyrmang of BJP received 861 votes, Sunida Bareh of TMC received 109 votes and Jhanika Siangshai of Congress received 114 votes. Nongstoiñ, Lber 2: Through 13847 supporters, Bah Gabriel Wahlang has become the first MLA of the Congress party in decades of contesting elections.
This has surprised the union, which said that this is a delay in the work of the Supply Department of the District in preventing such incidents.
There were also candidates like CB Syiem from Nongpoh, Lawan War from Mairang, Wailad Shylla from Jowai, HS Shylla from Nongkrem, former Congress leaders Boldness Nongrum and others.
The High Court has advised these government officials to read the orders of the NGT and Supreme Court which have banned illegal mining.
Dear friends in the Lord Jesus, let us move forward by looking to Jesus who has helped us and ask God for the strength so that we can forget and turn to these things that will bring blessings.
Thus the child born is the gift of the woman who will be the mother and caretaker of the child whom she has given birth to and carried for six months in her womb.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, Bah Banteilang Lapang and Samla Tyngshain Makri, had gone to protest against the construction of a clinker mine at a place near Dwar Ksuid near Wah Umiam. It was taken on the grounds that the clinker storage site will have a serious impact on the environment and especially the Umiam River, as the clinker storage site is located near the Umiam River. .
They also urged the government officials to inspect the damage and loss of the residents, so that if the government distributes the relief, it will be in order. as the wish of the affected public.
The Minister said that there is no trust in the Assam side in the areas where there is no border dispute.
The Prime Minister will also address the newly appointed candidates at the meeting.
Welcome speech was delivered by the President of the Youth Wing Mutshwa Thabah and a song was led by the youth group from Mookyndeng parish.
He is also a good speaker and occasionally fluent according to the demands of the subject.
The order was signed by the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind.
“Ardent didn't invite me to Nongkrem, so why should I go?” said the Pastor. “I am the last one to accept my family, but I look at their skills and I don't. from domestic relations".
We have agreed with the government authorities that this tournament should be held across the districts to improve the availability of sports venues.
On Saturday, police arrested two more suspects for further investigation. The kidnappers kidnapped the 6-year-old boy on Friday but released him. no on the night of the third day on the highway.
Speaking on behalf of the EC, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the KHADC is ready to implement the Village Administration Bill. tuid that bar state.
He was first elected MLA in 1988 as an Independent and later joined the UDP in
Our children are no longer mentally deficient, and when there are opportunities, they are ready to reach out to take them through the path of struggle with intelligence, knowledge and understanding.
According to her, a company from Singapore has also expressed its willingness to participate in the bidding process.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The PWD department has prepared for the demolition of the Motphran Bridge and has now called a tender for this work.
However, these new licenses are still available and to prevent the issuance of trading licences, a notice has been issued that the Hima should no longer approve foreigners.
The Golden Gate is located in Jerusalem, Israel. Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel since 3000 years ago and not today.
Sarma said in a tweet that TMC workers had blocked their way but the police had not helped them.
According to information received, the collapse of the bridge happened at 10 pm when the rain was still falling.
Otherwise, it will be spread through the media.
The Minister announced that the implementation of these schemes will be completed by
Shillong, Naiwieng, 03: BSF Meghalaya on Saturday seized two Indians and two Mahindra Bolero pick-ups carrying sugarcane near the Hangaria Bridge on Hangaria-Huroi Road, East Jaintia Hills. Hills, Meghalaya.
The CoRP will hold various programs across Ri Bhoi District for 10 years as part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the CoRP and will conclude with a general meeting in Nongpoh in July this year.
Speaking to media, Prof Kma said, “I have many objections to the CAA but it was passed in 2019 and the rules have been issued before this election.
Robert, who has just joined the Congress party, has admitted that he has received the support of 52 MLAs from all political parties to form a new government. “The government of all parties is not led by the Congress”.
Although the Youth Congress has decided to respond to this request for clarification on the basis of their own grounds, there has been a discussion and many members will resign on this basis.
The Emerging Player Award went to Suting Syrti of Chiehruphi and the Best Team was won by Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC. Thanks to: 1) Jowai Presbyterian Church 2) Kur Khyriem 3) Kur Pakem 4) Kur Rymbai 5) Tympang-Iawmusiang, Jowai 6) Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital Doctors and Nurses 7) Jowai Traffic Police 8) Friends that parajor near and far.
“When I was a child, the Congress party in the state was called the Dkhar party, but now the people are gradually accepting the Congress party which they call the Dkhar party,” he said.
He also reminded that as human beings, we have to use the resources in the environment because we have to meet many needs, but we have to use them wisely so as not to destroy the environment. that it be not a curse to the generations to come.
Replying to a question on the subsidies for agriculture, Conrad said the program was launched last year when the Government distributed They sold their sheep and goats to various farmers.
Surendra Singh, BJP MLA in Uttar Pradesh, has advised the people to drink cow's milk so that they can fight against the coronavirus.
However, when the reporter tried to inquire about this from some of the Congress leaders, they admitted that they did not know anything about the dinner.
The KSU has met with the DC of Ri Bhoi District after the KSU found that there has been an increase in the tax on vehicles from Ri-Bhoi District. Bah Thomas Nongtdu, Chairman of the Toll Plaza at Pahammawlein, has increased the fee from 30 tyngka to 90 tyngka.
There is no more than one third.
“We will think until the election, when we are confident that the Congress will win in 2023,” she said.
Shillong, June 16: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) on Tuesday took over the conference hall at the IGP which was previously given to the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) to be used as an office from the beginning. in the year
Why does the Government impose a lockdown? The answer is clear to prevent the spread of Covid 19. Why doesn't the Government impose a lockdown in our state? The Bible says that protection is very important in human life Protection is written many times in the Bible that it is important before a person experiences Paul says protection is precious.
After about a day, the country replied and the answer was – Yes.
Most of the loans are for about T 54,000/-, 86% of the loans are under the 'SHISHU' category; Almost 22% of loans were to new private entrepreneurs; about 23% of the loans were for SC and ST borrowers; About 28% of the loans were for OBC borrowers (overall 51% of the loans were sanctioned for borrowers belonging to SC/ST/OBC lists); about 11% of the loans were made to common people.
EJDA warns against trucks carrying cows: At the same time, the East Jaintia Hills Drivers Association has warned against drivers who carry cows and spread dead cows on the side of the highway.
The union said that the rules of rural taxis are that they can enter Shillong and does not prohibit them from carrying passengers from Shillong to the village, while the police and stem taxis have not been able to enter Shillong. Taxis are not allowed to carry passengers.
These 5 posts for the rights of Khasi-Jaintia will be filled together in the year of re-appointment of the MPSC. Next year, 5 reserved posts for Hajong/OST will be filled by Khasi-Jaintia.
I'm not saying we're worried as a government, we're not taking everything lightly," he added.
The purpose of the Chief Minister's Youth Center is to enable the youth from the rural areas of Meghalaya to learn how to start the journey to achieve their dreams, to showcase their talents. the clothes they have, to help them solve the problems they see around them.
He said that through this meeting, the police chiefs from the two states, have discussed many issues, in order to bring peace and order in these border villages and also to have cooperation between Meghalaya and Assam Police.
The Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 has been passed by the Government of Meghalaya after the Governor of Meghalaya has appointed the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain. N Syiem, that the district council is not in the hands of the government.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the decision to suspend the work of the KJWBA is after the Government has failed to curb the distribution of KJWBA. permits and also on the demand for money from the veterinary officers who are not at the check point in Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
He said the region could improve transportation through rivers like the Brahmaputra River in Assam to join the Ganga through Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal.
Referring to the Congress MP candidate, Manuel said people ask what Pala is doing, but he has asked 236 questions in Parliament. I'm an MP and not an actor.
After beating Goa 2-0 on 20th November which was also the opening ceremony of the U-17 Girls' Subroto Cup held in New Delhi, Saiden Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi, which represented Meghalaya in this tournament, won again for the second time against Kendra Vidyalaya Sangathan.
However, today's meeting was to consider the reports submitted by the Regional Committees.
The Minister said that the department in collaboration with the Asian Development Bank (ADB), will launch new projects across the state by starting the Rs 70 crore project in Shillong and Sohra.
Besides HDR, other MDCs who could not attend the meeting were Ardent Basaiawmoit, Pyniad Sing Syiem, Latiplang Kharkongor, Teilinia Thangkhiew, LG Nongsiej, KP Pangniang, Metbah Lyngdoh, Gabriel Wahlang and Rona Khymdeit.
Through these 2 goals, Sailung Ialong SC became the winner today.
Half of the private vehicles will be allowed to travel on these days and the numbers will be the same as the above for commercial vehicles.
Across the state, heavy rainfall, accompanied by thunderstorms, with wind speeds between 30 to 40 kilometers per hour, in most parts of the state. .
However, they violated Section 14 of the Foreigners Act.
Then we sat down again to eat and smoke.
Fireman.
[continued page 7]Sirdar Raid Madan Kyrdem, Bah P.Makdoh, said that the storm and cold weather today has caused a lot of damage to the farmers. This is the time when many crops have started to sprout, but the storm and cold have destroyed these crops and the most severe damage is caused by the cold.
There will also be trekking, drawing competition, traditional games, beauty contest and others.
The foundation stone of the border market was inaugurated by Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC as the chief guest, in the presence of Kong Rona Khymdeit MDC Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC Umsning Constituency, Bah Rona Khymdeit, MDC Umsning Constituency, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of Market, Paiem Ricky Nelson, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah Cleophas Three Nongrum, Rangbah Shnong of Umdaprngi, Rayonald Kharkamni and other dignitaries.
“The State will also have to take responsibility for all the treatment of the survivors free of charge, which will be equivalent to the rank of Grade-II officer of the State for the next 20 years,” said the House. Judge.
Shillong, July 05: The HSPDP has imposed strict rules on two MDCs, Bah LG Nongsiej from Nongstoin and Bah Morningstar Mawsor from Mawshynrut. The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) in Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM, without the authority of the party.
However, the award was extended to other Ministers and Members of the Legislative Assembly and Leaders of the Legislative Assemblies for their contribution to the community.
Before the end of the match, Lajong's substitute Damaitphang Lyngdoh suddenly destroyed Aizawl's hopes of 10 points after scoring in the 94th minute. Lajong have scored 3 points.
After that, the police conducted a search operation and after a while the driver of the truck fled the scene by leaving the truck on the highway.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that according to his information, the posts of gatekeeper, timekeeper and enforcement have been appointed in the Transport Department by the Minister in charge of the Transport Department. department.
About 12 of them have received assistance and two of them have received UDID cards.
These simcards have been seized by the police and are now in the custody of the police.
Regarding the remarks of Raj Babbar, who is also one of the stars of Bollywood, the BJP has criticized the remarks, saying that the remarks are ridiculous and just a joke. you can beer suda.
At the same time, the Seng has demanded that the government should set up a Veterinary Dispensary in the Elaka so that it will be of great help to the farmers in the area. veterinary in the surrounding areas and this has caused a lot of problems for the animals in need of treatment.
Ri-Bhoi finished second in the men's category, while West Jaintia Hills came second in the women's category.
The Supreme Court's decision in WP(c) No 25006 of 2017 (A) explains that private schools which require government recognition should not only promote one religion against another.
“We must use technology and that technology must be good, accurate and efficient,” said Pala in reply to a question on the delay in the central government's decision to The implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya and also on the introduction of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (MRSSSA) Bill 2020 which was created specifically to regulate the entry and exit of other ethnic groups into the state.
LPS, UPS SSA Loan, Govt.
Shillong: Three health workers have tested positive for covid-19 and they are waiting at the gate, Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
Trupti Panchal, Director of Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, said the cell is the first in Meghalaya and the second in the North East, after Guwahati.
At the same time, the SP praised the hard work of the VDPs for the peace and order in the village. her good works.
If you don't show your trading license, can't you close your shop?
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Lionel Nongkhlaw urged the students to be disciplined in all aspects in these days and encouraged them to exercise together. you read.
He said that in this regard, the Shnong Moodymmai has already lodged two complaints with the District Council and the West Jaintia Police but no one believed them. of this place.
What are those things? These things Jesus said when he was on earth.
Furthermore, on the 11th and 18th of November this year, which are Special Campaign Dates, the BLOs will be at the Polling Stations throughout the day.
Shillong: There have been 169 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 166 recoveries.
These are 12 cases from abroad, 10 cases from Mawlai Nongkwar, 6 cases from high risk, 3 cases from Laban, 2 cases from ILI and one case from screening.
“The former Government led by me (Dr Mukul) knows that and when the state wants the implementation of the ILP which has to be approved by the Central Government, we have sought a way within the rules of law. “We have done that in the form of MRSSA,” he said.
Thus, with the strong support of the Prime Minister, we have been able to bring about changes in the provision of clean equipment, beds and rooms in the health centers especially in those health centers which have been neglected. before,” said the Minister.
The fourth are the leaders of the people who are wise, intelligent, visionary, who don't talk nonsense without being ridiculed by the people, who live their days to think about it. for the benefit of the people of many churches and especially to create laws and regulations and opportunities for the development and prosperity of the country and the nation as a whole not only for this age but for the bright future of the heritage the future generation as well.
This was witnessed at a meeting held on the 30th at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng Village, where hundreds of people attended the meeting to welcome back the 74 U Bah Tender Sohphoh, who has been one of the strongest Congress leaders in the past years, has said that he and his colleagues have joined the NPP. The NPP has been defeated by the Congress Party, due to the differences of opinion among the leaders which has led to the division within the party.
Sangma said that at this meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states, it will be possible to discuss and take a final decision on the settlement of the border between the two states. Many parts will fall into phase I in the coming months.
When asked when the second phase will start, the Minister said that as of now, due to the damage caused by the floods, we have to discuss first how to provide food to the flood victims and how. He said that the lives of people will be the same in Assam and even in Meghalaya as the impact of the floods has been severe.
The State Government has spent more than T.23 crore for this tournament.
“Why should we do that if the road is open?” said Bah Rekan.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dany said, “It is true that they used to drink and buy drugs from this person but we are not the ones who sell or trade as said by this person. ".
Assam Rifles Public School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS have reached the final of the U-14 District Level Subroto Mukherjee Football Cup. on Friday.
Only graduates with 50% for general candidates and 45% for ST/SC candidates with B.E.d are allowed to apply for Upper Primary Schools.
The AICC chief said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised many things to the people of the North East, but the work has not been done and the NDA government has forgotten about this. region.
Nongpoh: The Corona virus has spread to many villages in different parts of Ri Bhoi District.
He also admitted that if there are three, perhaps two more, there will be smugglers who have been involved in the work of vehicles entering Meghalaya carrying goods.
According to Marbud, a letter of appearance was sent to him on Tuesday morning and the police have ordered him to appear between the 16th and 18th of this month. they shall do according to the rules of the law.
The leaders, office bearers and members of the party have thrown themselves into the wealth, power and pride of being in power.
Bah S.Lyngdoh, MRW, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Mawkyrwat District, delivered the welcome speech while Kong B.Wanniang, Supervisor, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Mawkyrwat, gave the welcome speech. and he gave him a greeting.
Binturong (Arctictis binturong), Clouded Leopard (Neofelis nebulosa), Hoolock Gibbon (Hylobates hillock), Common Indian Monitor (Varanus bengalensis), Yellow Monitor (Varanus Flavescens), Water Monitor (Varanus salvator), Indian Rock Python moluus (Pynnaethon) , Tiger (Panthera tigris tigris) and Great Pied Hornbill (Buceros bicornis homrai).
He said that when the villagers arrived at the house of Kong Santa, these five foreigners who are also foreigners started to assault the villagers and It has also reached the border where one of these 'foreigners' has started to touch the youth of the village.
The awards were presented by Chief Guest Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM KHADC in the presence of members from President Eddystone Shylla and others.
“Your service in the community has brought fame and glory to us all and we are confident that they will become again like matti that will be proclaimed by thousands of children. , the Longdien Mandien and the nation as a whole"
DD Lapang, Dr Roytre C Laloo and Roshan Warjri are the three candidates who have decided to contest the upcoming elections.
This means that the lake will only be filled 15 feet because it can only hold up to 3220 feet of water.
“It appears that he distributed 200 blankets worth T.1050 each and 30 sets of jerseys worth T.5000 each,” said Garland. The price of the work is equal to the price you show in the expenditure.
It is essential that we align our plans and activities with the health of the environment.
“FKJGP President Dundee Cliff Khongsit said, “As a nation, we will stand firmly against the forces that affect our culture and we need one voice to send to the Government of India.
There are many ways to do this in India.
We no longer expect that many of those who have surrendered will want to go back to live in the wild.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Marbud Dkhar, candidate from the Congress party, said, “The problem faced by parents is that they can no longer send their children to school. son that kti.
GHP Raju suggested that all mobile phone owners, mobile operators like AIRCEL, AIRTEL, BSNL, IDEA, RELIANCE and VODAFONE should immediately inform the police about the SIM cards used. in the Garo district.
Those from Ri Bhoi (Mawdem-Patharkhmah-Nongkhlaw) entered the Madan Sister Factory opposite the State Bank of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 4 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has requested the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind to ensure that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting of the State Government today decided to abolish the Single Window Agency to issue permits to set up factories.
Apshai Griffith Niangti, Meban Aiboklang Suiam and Anissa Dariti Lamare (the first Indian to participate in the Downhill Mountain Bike Ride) are the selected motorcyclists of the state.
However, we see now that all the coal mine owners have abandoned their empty coal mines which has put people and animals at risk.
He had been suffering from covid-19 since 30th June 2011 and was arrested after that, but died before being taken to hospital.
In areas where it is low or low, there should be clear signs that serve as warnings to drivers.
“As we work to promote and ensure that artisans are supported and we have been able to do better to preserve their tradition, culture and ways of life to preserve and do more but at the same time to create income generation opportunities from what does not exist,” he said.
Investors are advised to check the information received from the NSE or its employees which can be obtained from the website, www.nseindia.com, etc. spirit to the people of salonsar.
Through this statement, the union makes it clear that if we want to see the unity of the farmers against the kilo cut, they are ready to come out in lakhs of people.
He said that by staying at home we are not only protecting ourselves but the whole nation and urged us to help each other to overcome this disease which has swept the world because at this time we are protecting ourselves. all not me alone to be able to overcome, sit at home, pray and remember the good.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82283 out of which 79542 have recovered and 1415 have died.
He said that in the NPP party, there is no dissatisfaction with anyone in the party; The NPP has been running the government for three and a half years and the dissatisfaction of the people in the party has been used well by the Congress party. are in government for many years and this has always happened to them.
When asked whether this will be the beginning of the Seng Khasi Kmie every year to join hands with the Seinraij Jowai in carrying the coffin, Rgh DK Dkhar said that in the years If a brother asks for any gift or assistance from his brother or sister and if he feels able, the Seng will do so and will depend on the ability and as a longsan. The mansan will have to talk to his fellow members and also to the youth that if they have the time and strength, the preparations will go smoothly.
The meeting was held at the SSA Stadium, First Ground Polo, in the presence of Isawanda Laloo (IAS), Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. John F. Kharshiing and Finely Pariat, coaches, managers and athletes from all 14 sports.
Save : means to save, to save, to save, to save together; buhti is not the right of anyone to inherit anything; tyngkai is not to be hidden so that it will not be lost.
The decision on Modi came a day after consultations with senior party leaders and also after the party's last-ditch efforts to bring in Advani, Joshi and Swaraj .
There are also families who don't have parents but don't get ration at all.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Opel Lyngdoh, Bah T.Nongkhlaw and Bah CB Syiem, who expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the District Urban Affairs Officer for taking the initiative to bring the The village, which falls under the Nongpoh Town Committee, has been under the jurisdiction of the Nongpoh Town Committee.
We cannot deny that the pollution of residential areas, water sources and streets in this environment in which we live today has become even worse than it was in the past.
“How do you expect the immigration law in Meghalaya to help?”
This was announced by BJP Mahila Morcha President Vijaya Rahatkar while talking to reporters during her one-day visit to the city.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya , Conrad K Sangma , the Minister of Education , Rakkam A Sangma , the Adviser to the Ministry of Education , Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang , today left for Delhi to meet with the Minister of State for Education u Minister of Education of the Union Government.
On tourism, he said the government has taken care of the tourism sector in the state and the Indian government has already allocated Rs.85 crore in Swadesh. Darshan scheme and Rs 39 crore under the scheme for the development of tourism in the state.
But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit.
The Taliban have seized much of Afghanistan in recent days and many border towns with Iran, Pakistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan have reportedly fallen into their hands. of these militants, after the withdrawal of US troops, from the country, where they have been stationed for more than 20 years.
Allegedly alleging that the Chairman of the Council, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, had evil intentions against the EC, Teinwel said, “If someone informed me, he had prepared all night before the dorbar. we don't know what you mean by that.
That call is to urge political leaders to bring about a clean and orderly governance.
Sherwood School Tura through Samridhya Das came first with 572 marks while Jyotipriya Bhattacharjee of St Magret's Higher Secondary School came second with 570 marks. Three students including Tanushri Achajee of St. Magret's Higher Secondary School, Ritam Deep Chowdary of Sherwood School and Salrime M Sangma of St. Xavier's Secondary School received fourth marks. 564 marks.
Perhaps this announcement to improve is another way to waste public money as it happened in those years when it was announced that Khyndailad has been improved.
She also urged the Minister to resolve the border issues due to the border dispute with Assam.
REDUCTION OF SALT AND SUGAR CONSUMPTION: Reducing salt and sugar in your daily diet is the best way to prevent this disease.
Other demands through the letter are that the government should allocate funds for the establishment of a college in the Civil Sub Division, as it is the hub of education for the people of Lyngngam and Garo.
On this issue, he said that in fact the government should be happy if Rangbah Shnong is its employees because it will help it to implement various schemes and programmes.
He also gave an example that in Khasi Jaintia, whether it is in the church services of various church groups, or in tragic incidents in the villages such as the death of a person or any other unpleasant events. , young people are at the forefront of helping and doing many things, but in other countries of the world it is rare for young people to come forward in need.
Warjri Astt.
Meanwhile, Sohra Combine beat Hurdles CC (Mawsynram) by 13 runs but failed to reach the target of 144 runs.
These are the National Vice President of the NPP and Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong and Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Meanwhile, the brother of the complainant said that he was surprised to hear that his brother has been arrested by the KSU. Laitumkhrah PS has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station but when they received a copy of the complaint, they said that the father's name and address are sufficient but the signatures of his brother are not as usual. he alleged that this was a theft by someone.
“He said that the support from the State Government will continue in the coming years to ensure that such celebrations are necessary, so that others can see and enjoy themselves”.
This calendar has been approved by the House on the first day of the session, how can it be revised.
Shillong: Many of the vendors of kwai dong in different parts of the country have expressed their dissatisfaction after seeing the sharp increase in the price of tympew and kwai tylli in these days and months.
“They should immediately suspend the two policemen for assaulting women and only a hijra dares to assault women”.
Later, they went to lodge a petition with the officer of MeEcl West Jaintia Bording Department regarding many of the post bording in War Jaintia which has caused damage to the people of the area.
The meeting was held at the Lion Mission Compound, Jowai and was conducted by Khroo Lamsakhiat Pariat.
The order passed by the bench of the judge, contrary, in which Bernard was denied bail and imprisoned him without any sufficient evidence, according to the bail sought by the brother of u, U Family N Marak.
T.1861 tyngka and a mobile phone were seized from him.
On the other hand, Gabriel Sangma, who was the chairman of the meeting, said that many of the Garo people across the state are now in trouble especially those from Shallang area. Many of them have recognized them as rebel groups and there has been ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo who have lived in peace for a long time.
However, the Sengbhalang, although they received these explanations, did not leave Langpih because they decided to stay until the two men arrived in Langpih because they wanted to ensure that the police should cooperate. The medical test at Nonglang PHC has been approved by the police and the Sengbhalang.
Thus, voters will be able to go to the polling stations by riding Rapido without having to pay anything.
The meeting was attended by RM Mukhim, Working President of the NPP Mawhati and Ri Bhoi, Otril Pamshong, former MDC Mawhati and many others.
After the DCA has canceled the permit of the KHADC, the District authorities of West Khasi Hills have also taken the same part to cancel all the permits which the KHADC has already issued. effective immediately until further notice.
“Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure” (1 Tim. 5:22).
The nine political parties supporting the HYC are HANM, HFP, MPUF, NWYF, JNU, EJNC, WJNC and RBSU. They held a public meeting at Laban Square, where they burnt the tyngshops of the Prime Minister and other ministers, on the demand for the implementation of the VAB. Police bombed members of the party who attended the meeting and injured dozens of people, including several women.
The hearing of the nomination papers will be held on the 22nd June, 2023 at 1:00 pm.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival started in the morning with a Tyngkong dinner at Iung Langdoh and then the children of the Seiñraij Jowai prepared the Siang ka Pha to be performed by the mother of the household in honor of the deceased. who have died from the face of this earth.
In fact, during the Congress government in 2013, an Ordinance was introduced to amend the order of the Supreme Court in that year.
Policy : the lynter is the lynter of the lynter; saiñ shall not be cleansed; work is to do something for the purpose of sule as intended.
Rymbai Madanpynriang SC opened the scoring in the 13th minute through Easter Dkhar. Khliehmyntriang SC, although beaten by 1 goal, did not give up. The goal was scored until the end of the first half.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of EMs and MDCs of the council, Ma Madonbai Rymbai CEM JHADC said, “If this CAB is passed, the entire nation and the North East will be affected”.
It is here that the Kingdom of God will come.
We want to know from the Governor what are the secret thoughts to allow Bah Latiplang to become CEM,” said Bah Bindo.
The HYC also questioned the government's decision to appoint MDCs to head the RPDB while earlier this post was held by government ministers.
However, when the police finished exhuming the body this morning, they confirmed that it was the body of a woman.
, the Dkhar Manti and the Dkhar Neiniwan; Treasurer, Dkhar Hills; Advisers, Kyrshan Dkhar, Yukless Dkhar, Pretty Dkhar and Joplangki Dkhar along with 31 Executive Members.
This has caused many problems to the patients not only to the residents of Warmawsaw, but also to all those who have to come to the PHC for treatment. The company has been asked to provide MBBS doctors immediately, so that the people of the area can get adequate treatment.
They urged us to trust them and the investigation," Louis said.
He said that the Congress party is not the poorest party compared to other political parties but it is the richest party which cannot be bought with money because the wealth of the Congress party is based on the rule of law. It does not discriminate against any race or religion, it liberates the people especially the minorities in Meghalaya.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District came second with 4 gold, 1 silver and 4 bronze medals. Ri Bhoi District came third with 3 gold medals. and silver and and 2 bronze medals.
The MDCs joined the AITC at Dekachang Square in Resubelpara in North Garo Hills in the presence of party leader Zenith Sangma, HM Shangpliang, Jimmy Sangma and Marthon. Sangma, Winnerson Sangma and Lazarus Sangma.
His body was found this morning near the village road.
The party also expressed its gratitude to the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, for taking the initiative to raise the issue of the people in the Legislative Assembly. The Chief Minister of the State, who has recently concluded the Budget Session, has listened and been appreciated and has done what he has said in the House.
'Phlongkor' refers to the village wall, which is surrounded by several stones along with erected stones; It is the place where the people who are still in the Khasi religion perform some of the rituals, it is also the end of the village.
Remember that in this democratic country it is clear that the rule belongs to the people, the people by the people and the election is the time when the people have the power to implement this because it is the people who will vote. win and lose the candidate.
Criticizing the NPP, which has been in the government for five years in the coalition government, the BJP in a statement said that Sangma should try to protect his seat from the government. “The NPP is well known among the people of Meghalaya to create a new system of corruption in the state.
Lajong have now seven points and are in sixth position on the table.
This was revealed after the police investigated and found that the support of the residents to the insurgents was due to the fear that they might be killed.
However, after this, Malki struggled and used the strength without allowing Nangkiew to score.
“Conrad K Sangma said in the House that in 2007, between the government and NTPC, it had complied with the rules that the state government would have to take electricity from the Bongaigoan Thermal project of NTPC until 25 years.
He said that the actions of the leaders of these two parties show that they understand that their party will be rejected by the people, therefore they are trying to do everything to win the vote of Christians. by bringing up religious matters.
Participation should be reasonable and fair, at the same time we should not be afraid to discuss and develop ideas on what to do or what laws or policies we have that we can build and improve the lives of residents from day labourers, daju kitnong, market dwellers, shopkeepers, domestic workers, teachers, taxi and bus drivers, farmers, students and job seekers and to health, education and income generation.
Once the union has received all the information, it will take it to the government to discuss these ways and means how to help the farmers of the state.
After two meetings, it appears that 'u Lum is covered with snow!' According to the decisions of the Council of Action at its meeting before Nanda's arrival in Shillong, the APHLC will discuss and Nanda only on the demand for Hima Riewlum or Hill State, and that the APHLC will not talk to Nanda if there are people from Assam except the Rangbah APHLC. Not only the Hill State, but others especially the Nehru Plan, and there was also Chief Minister Chaliha.
Do you have a job? Not that either! Where shall I be happy? There is a lack of understanding and lack of concern for the life and death of the Khasi people.
Replying to Prestone, Babu Mayborn said, “If this strike of teachers has anything to do with Prestone, then the salary should be increased by T.18,0 an annual salary increase of 5%.
Qatar have 26-year-old goalkeeper Almoez Ali, who plays for Al-Duhali SC in the Qatar Stars League.
Shillong: Seven Congress office bearers were seriously injured when their vehicles were thrown at the house of a National People's Party (NPP) supporter on the evening of On the 4th of April 2021 at 4:15 pm near New Bhaitbari.
The residents of Pyndengkhah and leaders from other neighboring villages in Mawphlang Constituency who are not happy with other political parties have decided to nominate Wossie Rani from Pyndengkhah. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has also decided to contest the 2023 MLA elections.
The Governor informed Modi through a letter that Mawlynnong has been a clean and hygienic village for several years now and has also been awarded as the cleanest village in Asia.
According to Vincent, the EC has failed due to the contest between the NPP and the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The meeting decided that what the ancestors have done in the past should be followed to avoid any future confusion.
This came after the union signed a social agreement with Lumdaitkhla village for the use of half of the ground as a cricket venue.
On the other hand, Bah Oland Suin, Vice President of the UDP East Khasi Hills, said that this is a sign of the beginning of hope for Bah Remington once again in politics.
Even in the midst of the government's financial crisis due to the coal ban and other reasons, there are many things I have done and some are still pending,” said Bah Kennedy.
He said that even the Minister of Home Affairs has praised the increase in the number of SHGs in the state.
Nine ISIS militants, who attacked churches on Easter Sunday, prayed and hugged each other before committing the most horrific act of killing. There are 321 Christians in Sri Lanka.
How many people have to work hours in the homes of people to provide for their children, to sit in the market in the marketplace.
It was through these words of my father that I was encouraged in the final.
?"Hamar said that Panah had come.
During this season, Christians around the world celebrate the suffering of Christ and reflect on the teachings and suffering of Christ for mankind.
cases from South Garo Hills, 31 cases from South West Garo Hills, 2 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 34 cases from West Garo Hills, 43 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 33 cases from West Khasi Hills, 7 cases from Bangla Mission, 3 cases from ILI, Mairang 5 people, Nongkasen 12 people.
For I know where I have built my faith.
The Women's Welfare Organization (WWO) Seinraij, Jowai has joined hands with the world to celebrate the International Women's Day at the Seinraij Dorbar Hall, Iongpiah on Tuesday.
This was a brief reply from the MP of Shillong Constituency, before the end of the talks with him.
Earlier, Mawkynrew MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “There is no friend or enemy in politics.
The Governor, who has been pressured by the Congress Party and its supporters, has now put himself in trouble, because when he learned of the conflict, he rejected the advice of the Government and allowed the group. I don't want to Congress.
“The cost will be borne by the sports department, and the start of construction of the statue will be accompanied by the construction of the building and the department will strive to complete it as soon as possible,” he added.
“We don't want the Thei Hynniewtrep and Rang Hynniewtrep to fall into the trap, if you are still the children of Hynniewtrep we strongly request you not to take part in such festivals,” said the statement.
In the beginning, mankind did not need that rule of law, but because of the progress of the population, it was necessary to have that rule of law or politics as it is today.
The signs that appeared on the day of Pentecost may be difficult to understand, but the descent of the Holy Spirit is not a sign of the end of the world, but a new beginning, a gift of joy and hope for the people who are afraid, discouraged or discouraged and it is the empowerment of those who are persecuted.
Before concluding the interview, Bah Donbok was asked whether if there are people who come to build such a vehicle for him and if they are willing to buy it at a high price, what will he do? He said that he has not yet worked, because he will see how it will be.
Similarly, the politicians of those years did not want to be merchants.
He said that in the coming months, the party will ensure that if the government does not do anything, the party will take other measures to force the government even if it has to protest.
Then the council was filled with people and it seemed as if the two men were going to fall apart.
Fenela had earlier said that she has not yet decided to contest the MP election but she intends to contest next term.
Nongpoh, July 04: The good news for those people who have smile in Ri-Bhoi District is that there will be free treatment for them, according to the Operation Smile, India from Guwahati. from non-governmental organizations to help people with cerebral palsy.
Sony Thubru, President of the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) gave a briefing on the FIGs (FIGs) and the meeting was conducted by HH Mohrmen, President of SURE. Welcome speech by the Rangbah Shnong of Amlari Model, Shanbor Nongrum.
" He concluded by saying that he is confident that APEX will continue to grow in terms of its implementation.
“I tested negative for Covid-19 (RT PCR) on the 22nd day of July,” he said.
Seiñraij President Harvis Phawa said that all participants must wear masks and it is prohibited to shake hands and kiss except for the participants in the ceremony. .
I feel that this will be a better way to provide services and equal needs to be shared as the Government belongs to the people, through the people and for the people,” he said.
mawnai and the country's economy.
For the safety of the students, especially the female students, teachers and members of groups related to NEHU, any criticism will affect the name of the Vice-Chancellor. .
In the United Provinces of India, sunhemp is grown as Crotolaria juncea.
Do you intend to thank the people of Meghalaya?
“Time has passed and the price of fertilizers has increased especially in 2021 and it was discussed again at the meeting and sent a letter to the Minister.
Company officials SP Srimali and Jitendra Rout, who are in charge of the environment, said that they will plant another 20,000 trees in 2015-16 inside the factory to protect the environment. especially from air pollution.
Manipur beat Assam 3-0 while Nagaland beat Arunachal Pradesh 2-0 at the MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong on Monday.
The incident happened at around 8 pm and the Scorpio caught fire while parked along the highway.
Shillong, Nailur 26: BSF 11 Bn troops at Dulainala, South West Khasi Hills have seized 196.78 Cft of smuggled timber worth T.17 lakh. Two Bolero Pick Ups carrying these trees were also arrested but the drivers managed to escape into the forest.
Biswajit Nath, officer-in-charge of the police station, along with the headman, were taken to North Lakhimpur Civil Hospital for treatment.
“I would also like to urge all political parties to have one strategy and one strength for this incident and not to take political advantage for personal gain,” he said.
Police filed a request on Monday and he was released on bail on Tuesday, the report said.
On the allegations of corruption, he said that they cannot be ignored at all because these allegations did not come from here and there, but the recent allegations came from a person who holds a position. very important domestically.
The Regional Committee on the Border of West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State, as Chairman on Thursday started the discussion and discussion on the demarcation of the West Khasi Hills District. The border areas between Assam and parts of the Langpih Sector of West Khasi Hills of Meghalaya.
In East Garo Hills, the Dambu ​​Rongdeng Ground has been constructed for T.6 lakh.
It is learned that the staff of 108 did not take any notice of this, as the family members are afraid that he may have COVID-1
The Olympic torch was handed over to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma by the Chief Minister, Marso Kyndait.
Isn't it grandpa?).
However, the problem is that in every household, to sit around the fireplace to teach the children, the brothers and sisters, is no longer available, because everyone has lived in the darkness. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together. There is no time for parents and children to spend time together.
The players of Wahkaji came to this match well prepared as they witnessed the beauty of the game from the first minute until the end of the match.
The time has come to reform the land management system in Meghalaya.
The question now is whether the chiefs, lyngdohs, wahdadars and so on should remain or whether it is time for them to leave.
At this ceremony, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun was also honored with gifts to be a memorial to him as a leader of the people of Jirang Constituency followed by songs by school children and youth. The program was attended by the leaders of the NPP Jirang Block at GS Road, Byrnihat.
The Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club (BSWSC) will continue its tournament at Bakur Stadium due to the lockdown. The club will follow the guidelines of the government through the Health department.
It cannot be said that although the cultivation of synsar is easy, it is a lucky cultivation because if the demand is low, the price of purchase can reach only 30 to 50 tyngka per kilo. .
JACATAM also congratulates the KSU, HNPF, SSSS, KHNAM for their support in this demand. the protest since last month.
Regarding the traffic, the order from the DC's office explained that vehicles from private to public vehicles should travel according to the rules issued recently, while swimming pools and other places where Public restaurants are not allowed to open while restaurants are allowed to open but should only be taken home.
However, compared to the problems of teachers in Meghalaya, it has been very difficult.
The opening of this tungtap farm is part of the government's efforts to improve the income of the residents who are involved in the farming and selling of fish, or any other food products. It is also hoped that such schemes will help further, to provide employment to the residents who have a major role to play in the income generation of the country and the state. .
A look at the data shows that states / UTs that used to be transport hubs for these products have shifted to high consumption hubs.
According to estimates, the expenditure of countries around the world on space activities reached about $103 billion last year.
No one is allowed to sit on the Mutong Cross above the Rampyrthai Cross.
“Surely from before the day was, I am he.
In 1992-1994 he served as Parish Priest at Blessed Sacrament Church, Laitlyngkot and Headmaster of Laitlyngkot High School.
Please don't believe the political issues of others,” he said.
The roads have been destroyed, the buildings have been destroyed and the issues of the Jaidbynriew have been destroyed.
Half an hour later, Risa Colony scored the second goal through Riklansing Warmalai in the 35th minute.
So I expect to play better than in the past,” said Sabalenka.
I was very sorry for the workers.
These are just a few brief points that I have just reminded you as a young person.
We believe that the country and the people understand and know this truth.
She also urged the government to install CCTV cameras at the gates to check the entry and exit of foreigners.
The semi final of the second leg of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) will be played on 13th November between Mawlai SC and Khliehmawlieh YC and Shillong Lajong FC. Both matches will be played at 3 pm. Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh will play at SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong while Lajong will play against Rangdajied at MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium. Hills District.
In the semi final, GSS Alakhpura beat Ananda Purna School of Science of Manipur 1-0 goals while St. Patrick's won NCC beat Mizoram 2-0
Shillong, July 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has faced difficulties in registering land in Langpih area of ​​West Khasi Hills due to the threat of Assam police, said the EM in charge of Land and Shyiap, Bah Jansing Tynsong.
You are stealing the dewїong.
Furthermore, she has taken steps to find experienced musicians who have received training in various types of musical instruments.
The purpose of the buses for the school children is to improve the quality of Shillong.
Meanwhile, Lynti Siangshai, her sister, demanded that the government should immediately punish and dismiss the police involved in the shooting death of the two men on 24th July. Their family may also take the initiative to sit down.
United Nations: India has the highest number of births on New Year's Day, or 1st July 2020, with 67,385 births out of 400,0 According to UNICEF, 392,078 children were born worldwide on this day, of which 67,385 were born in India. China has 46,299 cases.
The residents of the village tried to pour water to extinguish the fire but could not do anything else. The fire destroyed all the belongings in the house and the damage to the house was not less. he received T.2 lakh.
However, if you misuse one vote, it can cause a huge loss to the constituency and the state as a whole,” he said.
He said that the ethnic groups in the region and indigenous groups in Meghalaya have been involved in shaping economic development, supporting Village Employment Councils, identifying beneficiaries of various programmes. various government initiatives, availability of village land for projects, management of community resources etc. for the development of tribal areas in the state.
Food items were also distributed to the patients of Ampati Civil Hospital, a cricket match was held between the district administration and the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma and National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, Prime Minister, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) will continue to do whatever it wants. in 2018 spirit.
The incident occurred when an Auto Rickshaw (ML-B-3474) was driving on the wrong side and collided with a Ford Endeavor. The number ML-10-C-5786 was on the road to Shillong.
Other awards include Best Oral Presentation and Best Poster Presentation at the competition held as part of the 13th Annual Day of NEIGRIHMS. the legislature shall be responsible for the formation of the government.
Thousands of Catholics came to witness the consecration of Most Rev Ferdinand Dkhar, DD at the Church of the Holy Spirit Ummulong Parish, West Jaintia Hills District on Sunday.
He said that the Special Cell has recovered four mobile phones and a Maruti Swift Dzire ML05-J-3
It is true, it is not true as I explained, I also see that it will disappear one day if we young people who have learned do not respect the Khasi alphabet.
Since that day, the police have conducted a search operation, but have not found him until they have found his body.
Dr Ranjita and Dr Shyamsunder have been married since 2009 and have three children.
“The preservation of customs and traditions depends on how we view them in this age of colour,” said the statement.
In a state where there are 100,000 people, the government has 100,000 or 200,000 people.
One of the leaders of the State, Bah Rudi Warjri who served India as an officer in the Indian Foreign Service (IFS), has expressed his regret and regret over the lack of Khasi youth who have passed the examination. The Civil Services Examination is conducted annually by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (CoRP), HANM, HYC and JSM today held a public meeting at Umroi village. , after they had held a march from Dwarksuid Bridge to Umroi.
The Umngot River has many blessings for those who have been blessed without end.
Speaking to media after the General Body Meeting, the President of the General Body, Bah Arju Dkhar, said that the Barikor demanded that there should be an inquiry to find out the reasons and who is involved in the absence of MeECL cannot produce electricity according to its capacity.
Additional Advocate General K Khan referred to the report of Justice BP Katakey on the illegal mining and trafficking of coal in which many paragraphs he also referred to the existence of illegal coal factories. without permission which have now been closed.
The Assam government has also closed down several schools in Assam due to the spread of the disease to prevent the spread of the disease from one person to another especially school children.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma at a meeting held in Guwahati on the 21st of this month decided to set up three Regional Committees. within 15 days, to resolve the boundary of the seven areas in the midst of the boundary dispute.
Three vehicles including a motorcycle were completely damaged after the robbers set fire to them.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Monday, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said, “We are sending this letter to request you to accept the proposal. for the purpose of increasing the age limit for police registration in the State.
However, due to his involvement in the incident at Nongkseh, the Lyngdoh of Nongkrem was no longer able to take part in the ritual at Smit.
The aim of the NDA Government is to encourage companies to come and plant or cultivate as they please without any restrictions.
Dr. Singh has been an IPS since 1986 and will continue to serve until he becomes a full-time DGP.
Shillong: No rainfall was recorded in Shillong and Umiam today, but in Sohra, 10.0mm of rainfall was recorded.
“We have already called tender for package 4 and others are being prepared to be called for tender for repair,” Ashish said.
Even in government hospitals, if you go for Covid test, you have to pay from your own budget and this disease has turned hospitals into money making places.
Before the planting of the trees, a short meeting was held by Ladwan Dkhar, Chairman, Seiñraij. Challam, President KKC Jowai and Sienki Lato, Secretary KKC Jowai.
There have been many casualties and destruction of property in the country as a result of the violence by Morsi's supporters.
Police are still conducting search operations in the area.
Two mobile phones were also seized from the suspects and police are conducting investigation to find out more about the suspects.
The 14 wheeler truck overturned when it reached a bridge at Shangpung Mawlishiah.
Shillong, June 27: Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District (UHC) have arrived in Pynursla on the 21st of this month to hold a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of the North Eastern Region. .
During the meeting, the group also submitted a petition to remind the Prime Minister on many other demands.
Shillong, July 9: The employees of the North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) and the North Eastern Hill University Non-Teaching Staff Association (NEHUNSA) have demanded that the A detailed investigation has been conducted against the two Vice Chancellors of the university, Prof AN Rai and his predecessor, Prof Pramod Tandon.
Meanwhile, this evening, Bah Ardent gave a short speech from the sleeping quarters to the people after continuing to the 6th day.
Junestar said that although the youth who have the talent to bring fame, in the past they did not receive any assistance, but this time last year, the Minister of Sports Former Governor of the State, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh has donated Rs 25 lakh to the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA).
Sangma said that the people of the state are very concerned about the provision of health, where even these days, many of the youth are healthy. that phad of you.
The Textiles & C&RD Department of the State Government through the brand of Ryndia & Tribal Weaves, along with the handicrafts of the Meghalayan Age Tourism Department, has exhibited the products of the Meghalayan Age Tourism Department. market place in the capital of the country.
In addition to the above, the ECI has also issued other rules which political parties, candidates and election campaigners must follow.
Because the candidates have invested too much money during the elections, they will not be able to withdraw that money when they win the elections.
As the party leader, he said that this is the hope of the Congress party to achieve the goal of victory because in Mawhati we need a person who works hard and not a big man. Bah Charles will be the winner to serve and bring about many changes to cultivate the fields of Mawhati.
“As you know, I overthrew the government of PA Sangma in 1990, the government of Bah BB Lyngdoh in 2001 to take over Bah EK Mawlong, and I also brought in Dr FA Khonglam as the Prime Minister. In the past few years, he has been an independent MLA,” said Robert.
The residents of the village, through this meeting, also demanded that women should be allowed to participate in the election of rangbah.
Speakers on the occasion were the President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh Marshilong, the Junior Executive Engineer of the PHE Mawkyrwat Division, Bah P.Myrthong, the Vice President of the Swimming Association, Bah K.L. , Minister of Mawkyrwat Village, Bah RR Lyngkhoi.
Shillong: The land owners should be involved in the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, said Nathan Thangkhiew, Basan Nongkseh.
The sudden suspension of small four vehicles in Motphran and Khyndailad areas has surprised the people who use these vehicles especially those who charge half the price compared to commercial taxis.
ii) Dress code – The dress code of us human beings is very important.
“In terms of skin care, in the past, many men used to ignore their own skin and leave it as it was.
The race will start from Jirang Government HSS to Patharkhmah Government HSS. The race is part of the celebration of Independence Day.
This happened at about 1 pm on Sunday.
It is learned that some traders have bought these fake challans but have gone to return them after learning that they are fake challans.
In the fourth match, Lapangap beat Lumlakhiat 2-1 with goals scored by Heyboymi Myrphet in the 7th minute and Rest Ksoo in the 50th minute.
During the two-day festival, traditional food, traditional costumes, traditional stories were exhibited, and there were also traditional games during these two days along with traditional music.
The public hearing was held at the Market Complex in front of Nongstoin Market. The public hearing was conducted by Bah GT Marbaniang, Secretary, New Nongstoin Village. MCS Additional Deputy Commissioner, B. Toi, Executive Engineer, PHE, JR Nongsiej, District Coordinator, DSBMG West Khasi Hills and other government employees and elders of the area.
They said that due to the attack on Christians, many of the people have fled and stayed in shelters and sadly even the government of Manipur has not looked after to help and provide special protection. The Manipur government and the Central Government have prayed for an end to the violence and requested the Central Government to take action to end the violence and provide security. those who are affected.
It has been able to benefit the people of the area, and strongly condemns the government for the failure to achieve the 80 percent employment quota for the villagers.
Speaking on the impact of Aadhaar on the minds of the people, Pastor PBM said that he has received information that these days there are people who have left their homes and villages. He said that in the two constituencies of Mawkyrwat and Mawkynrew there are also people who do not want to vote because they are afraid of Aadhaar.
● Foreigners have been banned from entering the village since the announcement of this order to prevent the spread of Covid-19. ● Unauthorized visitors have been banned. to dispose of plastic waste on the streets or in public places.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Union of Village Authorities (UVHA) of Shillong Municipal Board has opposed and condemned the proposal of the Shillong Municipal Board to enact the Property Tax, in which the people have to pay tax on the ownership of land. sand.
“I am only a volunteer member without any salary.
“In every victory of a person there is a mother and likewise in every victory of a child there are fathers who support from behind”, recalled Bah Jes and likewise in the victory of two. “K&K” is indeed the greatest support of their fathers.
The incident occurred in Dawki area, Umngot River.
On the same day, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky encouraged the people of the country by saying that Ukraine is the winner of the war and this is even after Russia invaded. I have promised that I will not be able to use stronger weapons than I have used in all the months since last year.
Speaking to media, the KSU leaders expressed their deep sorrow over this book which has mislead and affected the people in the state. Bengali, Nepali and Marathi languages ​​among other errors found in the textbook.
According to sources, the Meitei community living in Tripura held a march in Agartala under the banner of the Puthiba Welfare and Cultural Society and the All Tripura Meitei Community.
Four such incidents have happened between June and July this year and we in India have taken action on receiving information about these incidents, the source said.
Charles Marngar's claim that Meghalaya is a Christian state is no different from those Muslims who call themselves Islamic State.
It is worth mentioning that this incident has caused the flooding of farmers' crops due to the heavy rainfall since the morning of 13th June, 2022 which has caused the waters to flood. they rise in the presence of water and cover all the farmland near the rivers.
He also announced that in the next five years, about Rs 1000 crore will be spent for the construction of sports facilities across the state.
On July 22, 2013, the Meghalaya Indigenous Minority Tribes (MIMT) came to meet the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand an increase in the allocation. the current employment rate is only 5%.
Therefore, as the HFU, we hope that the Government under the initiative of the DC will help the farmers through the Relief Fund or any other assistance from the government,” said Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh Secretary HFU West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, I urge the operators of this bridge to improve this bridge, so that it will not cause more such incidents, because if not improved it will cause great danger especially to the passengers who Use this bridge, said Bah Justin Sujai.
It was seen that these three persons came with their supporters, but no one was seen to accompany or congratulate them by the leading leaders of the HSPDP. The President of East Khasi Hills, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, why didn't he accompany them because it was also the day when these candidates from the constituencies in East Khasi Hills came once at the same time. Hubert replied that Ardent was right.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar encouraged the youth that despite the many struggles we face, we should be strong and strong-minded to bring about the good of the country. the village and the whole area.
This decision was taken after a meeting convened by the CEM KHADC with the participation of the members on Thursday.
The Government should consult and listen to the voice of the majority through the Public Assemblies especially before passing or passing any laws that may affect the customs and traditions of the people.
If you have evidence, I request this person not to publish allegations only in the newspapers, you should not be afraid because here we also have independent investigation teams whether it is the CBI or others others will do what is necessary.
The HYC has also warned the management of the company not to open or close the door until they have complied with the rules.
When he reached home, Bahnah told his brother that Riia was a small person even though she was rich.
Tlanding Wahlang, 40, is from Sngi Mawlein village.
Peter's letter says, “But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ” (2 Peter 3:18).
“Don't worry about this and the trading license issuance as the Council will continue smoothly and those who do not recognize the District Council if their business should be banned we will also ban and only those who come If you don't apply in the right way, it's up to the EC to remove or approve them”.
Speeches were also delivered by the Director, Little Star Secondary School Lasrymbai, Bah P.Phawa and others.
However, Lawei SC managed to repay the lead before the end of the first half through Sannity Jyndiang in the 44th minute. to 1-1 col.
This was stated after Bah Teibor's group held an election meeting at Mawlai Umjaiur on Tuesday.
“The recruitment in the Meghalaya government has been sa-turated.
“People in power have struggled to inspire on religious issues.
The blast occurred at 2.30 pm and 20 people were reportedly seriously injured.
He said that the participants should send their videos to 8131803454, 7641802229,
The 27th will be the polling day for these two constituencies.
In the second leg, Shemhok Phalynki scored the first goal in the 39th minute and Ariwotki scored the second goal for Evergreen Mukhla. Dkhar in the 53rd minute.
The students of this school have planted a tree in the grounds of this school in Mynthong, Jowai.
The masks they were wearing were also confiscated by the police.
Jalukbari is the constituency of Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma who has been in power since
The date of awarding the prize will be announced later once we have received the necessary documents.
“We wish the Hynniewtrep people to raise and produce leaders in the country like Statesman Wickliffe once again.
It is said that such a belief has been followed not only by the Khasi but also by the indigenous peoples of America and Africa, as well as many in Asia and Europe.
Shillong, which is a hub for the sale of alcoholic beverages, many athletes and some former members of illegal organizations are involved in this illegal trade to fund anti-social activities,” he said. The SP said that drugs have brought about various and terrible crimes especially the ability to bsuh head among the youth.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) on Tuesday said that Sankidaroi Sajem has been able to take part in the Blind Referee Training Course held in Pattaya, Thailand. Last month, it was organized by the International Blind Sports Federation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya for this good initiative, to lay the foundation stone for the students through the technology of this age and to All 1467 students of Class XI in West Khasi Hills who have registered will receive these mobile tablets.
The sad thing is, it was for our sins that Jesus died.
When the Christmas season comes, people sing praises through music, hold games, gifts and celebrations according to this season.
Psalm 48:4-5.
There should be no hypocrisy, slander, pride, greed and selfishness, the purity, the purity, of the mother can even change the mind of the father who has fallen into such evils.
Besides, Bah Ronnie also accused the voters of being happy with money and not thinking carefully about whom they elect to be their leader in the next five years.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla inaugurated the 150 LPM Oxygen Plant at the Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Jowai Hospital on Tuesday.
Slamming the MDA Government, Robert said the Government will auction off Mawmluh Cement Cherra Limited to the private sector for their benefit but it will cause suffering to the people.
It has severely affected the export of coal, has affected the domestic coal trade and even the government's revenue has been severely affected by about T.700 to T.800 crore per annum.
It is said that the appearance of these snakes has frightened the king.
Regarding the spirit of cooperation, he said that he is sad to see that these days it is unpleasant, because he has seen the selfishness of the exploiters, who when they see the The little one is like a tree, but he is like a forest.
The school was founded by the Welsh Missionary Mem Bessie Williams in 1892 and has trained thousands of young men and women who have worked and served in various fields.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Bah George B Lyngdoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Bah Jason S Mawlong. The CoRP as one of the prominent political parties in Ri-Bhoi has a great role to play and serve for the people of the area as the civil society has a great role to play in the governance of the country. various issues for the development and welfare of the nation and hope that as an organization we will be able to serve and bring about change in the society.
Shillong: Barcelona Shillong fans, Shillong Cules; Two months ago they helped a family in Khrang and this time once again they came out to donate their right hand and left hand for the school in Kynshi Mawria, which provides education for poor children. damage caused by floods in the past few months.
On the allegation by the AITC that there is no peace and stability in the state, Sangma said the state itself is now in peace and stability compared to the time of the Congress government which has become the AITC. .
The demand of the Garo people living in different villages in Ri Bhoi district under the banner of the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headman Association (ARBGHA) on Tuesday came out to protest against the against the Hima Mylliem's ​​plan to remove the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs of Garo villages.
Speaking to media, Davis Franky Wahlang, Joint Secretary of VPP Nongstoiñ, said that the placard in front of the MLA's residence was part of the campaign to force him to speak in the Legislative Assembly. laws of the State especially in relation to this issue affecting the youth.
Furthermore, the government has agreed to build Sainik Rest Houses in Shillong and Tura and to set up three more Welfare Organizer Posts in Nongpoh, Baghmara, Williamnagar, Nongstoin and Jowai.
At the same time, he said that there will also be a meeting of all the District Councils in the state to discuss the issue before sending the recommendations to the National Law Commission. before the 14th of May
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has decided to appoint an inquiry committee into the incident. at Ganesh Das Hospital on 28th November
Also present were Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary of East Khasi Hill Taxi Welfare Association and Anthony Shullai of Rani Motors Shillong.
The SBYWA said that these post lights can fail at any time and will cause injury to the residents if they are not replaced, so the SBYWA has urged the MePDCL department to replace these post lights. .
In the match on Friday, Mawlai SC has 22 points and is in first place while Nangkiew Irat SC has 9 points and is in sixth position.
We can all have dreams of reaching the moon and beyond.
Private schools have continued to charge very high fees and this is a heavy burden on the parents,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF-CGB) today sent a letter to the Jowai Civil Hospital (MPUF-CGB) after receiving several complaints from the public and the working methods of the employees of the Jowai Civil Hospital. He met with the management of the hospital to find out the facts.
This thus threw the spanner unto the establishment of the CAU “.
She said that the raid was on the order of the Meghalaya High Court which has directed the government to take action against the meat shops which sell meat to the public in the shops which should be kept under lockdown. the flesh that is cut.
After a few years of completing his scientific studies he became an intelligent man and was famous in the world for his ability to research and discover all these things.
When asked about the political situation in Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Nonglang said that the leaders of the constituency have turned away not only from the party, but also from the party. the supporters who have won honor them.
Rev.CL Susngi gave a sermon from the Word of God based on Job 14:14 at the Khimusniang Church, Jowai.
With this victory, Langsning FC has moved up to the third position in the points table.
Ali's scored 21 runs for Ri Bhoi and was named player-of-the-match.
The panel discussion was conducted by Prof.SK Singh from the Department of Linguistics, NEHU Shillong.
At the meeting, he said that the Congress will soon come back to power in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections 2019 and everyone knows what happened in the past when the government changed in Delhi.
The Jowai Municipal Board said that the garbage from the road in Iawmusiang has already been cleaned and the remaining garbage will be cleaned by the end of this month.
The Skill Development Program was implemented in collaboration with the Jan Shikshan Sansthan under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Entrepreneurship and Skill Development, Government of India.
Surjela said the distribution of food will go through the District Grievance Redressal Officer (DGRO) and the State Food Commission SFC, who will oversee the smooth running of the scheme.
Titos Chyne MLA will be the chief guest.
One of the reasons for the clashes was after a protest by the Manipur High Court against the Manipur High Court's decision to recognize the Meitei as Scheduled Tribes. the state.
We have demanded that the government should be led by the ethnic parties, and we have proposed 15 issues, and we have said that as long as the NPP is not in power, we will give foreign support. , but they didn't listen.
It doesn't matter if you don't crane or write.
On the other hand, the HNYF strongly condemns the government's stingy attitude on this issue as the HNLC has come to the forefront to talk peace and the HNYF urges the MDA Government to take action and not to take advantage of this opportunity.
Speaking to reporters, the MLAs who support Dr Mukul Sangma said that there are only a few MLAs who are fighting against Dr Mukul Sangma and for that reason, the AICC leaders do not believe to listen.
NOTE  – 432.
The start time of the public meeting is 6:30 PM.
Risingsun Mukhla beat Lumbahdakha Wahiajer 2-0
(Paragraph 4(ii)(A)(a) on page 61 of the Financial Accounts Vol.
“If others are wrong and if they find that they are wrong, they are still going ahead with this issue. like the 2011 map".
“On the request to hold the Convocation, the VC said that this year the university has not been able to hold the Convocation because it is still waiting for a reply from the President of India. “The VC has promised that from next year there will be a date for the 50th Anniversary of NEHUSU,” said the NEHUSU leader. The school will hold the Convocation every year.
The Mission Director of the National Health Mission, Meghalaya, said that Meghalaya has the highest number of cases of tuberculosis, tuberculosis, tuberculosis, and tuberculosis. head, and beard.
Leaders who attended the ceremony included Mayrald Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Latiplang Kharkongor, Nongthymmai MDC, Nongthymmai MDC Balajied Ranee, Nongpoh MDC, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MPCC President and many others. even.
He was admitted to RIMS Manipur.
As a consideration in this regard, the Civic Body will take steps to turn this area into a plastic free area, said the VMC chief. to ban the use of plastic nationwide, the central government has banned the production, transportation, storage, distribution, sale and use of materials included under the Single-Use-Plastic (SUP).
Nongstoñ, Lber 20: The supporters of Bah LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin, at a meeting held today at the ground floor of Bah Nongsiej, have unanimously decided to send him to contest. Bah Nongsiej as a candidate for the MLA election to the Legislative Assembly next year.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr A War, DHS, said that the patient had gone to the funeral of her mother in Laitlyngkot yesterday and he suspected that the patient had contracted the disease. Ganesh Das Hospital has been admitted to the hospital.
In South West Khasi Hills, Martin M Dango (MLA) from Ranikor constituency and Carnes Sohshang from Mawkyrwat constituency have bought their forms.
In Russia, 10,000 people have been infected with the virus as of Sunday, the report said.
Speeches were delivered by all these officials, who encouraged the farmers to continue their hard work in agriculture and to improve their income.
K.wedding.
At least 35 people have died, one is missing and 14 have been rescued.
Health Benefits of Vitamin C : It is important to look carefully at the nutrients for body building, health and nutrition.
He was ordained Lyngdoh on 27th June, 2003 for the Shillong Diocese, and in 2006 he joined the Nongstoiñ Diocese.
There are seven vacant constituencies in Laban-Mawprem constituency, Sanbor Shullai of NCP, Nongkrem constituency Ardent M Basaiawmoit of HSPDP and Sohiong constituency. HDR Lyngdoh of Rambrai, KP Pangniang of HSPDP, Mairang-Metbah Lyngdoh of UDP, Mawthadraishan-Brolding H Nongsiej of UDP and Stephan Mukhim of JHADC. The MPCC will announce its candidates next month as the MPCC is still considering the names of the candidates but it has been learned that the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh will contest from Sohiong constituency.
The stolen items include 4 boxes of chips and 1 box of bulb lights worth 7,000 tyngka.
And God will begin to be angry.
The MPYC has also strongly condemned the NDA government after the Enforcement Directorate summoned Congress leader and Kerala MP Rahul Gandhi for three days for questioning over the financial affairs of the party. The National Herald newspaper is owned by Young India Limited, a Congress company.
Meanwhile, the final match between the Under-17 boys of Assam Rifle Public School against H.Elias Memorial School came to an end after Assam Rifle won the title through the tie breaker.
Before becoming king, David fought against Goliath and the Philistines in the valley of Elah.
When you cut down the trees, many of them disappear.
In Commerce Streams, Akshat Das came fourth with 459 marks and distinction in English, Mathematics, Business Studies, Accountancy, Entrepreneurship and Economics.
cases in North Garo Hills and 18 cases in South West Garo Hills.
“After this, another RSS leader formed another group called the VHP (Vishwa Hindu Parishad).
Speaking to media, Pyniaid said the meeting has discussed many issues but has not yet taken any decision and they will meet again.
When they rebuild it during the dry season, they dig a hole about 8 or 10 feet wide and about 3 feet deep and then they cut the cow's milk as described above.
There are many instances where Jesus clashed with the Jews in terms of religious, customary and cultural understanding.
Sainpyniar Lyngdoh scored for Umpohliew in the 6th and 31st minutes, Colinsalmon Lyngdoh in the 11th and 14th minutes, Arbunsing Waruri in the 37th and 44th minutes and Nistelroy for Rymbai. Dkhar in 18 minutes.
It only requires concentration, the ability to understand others, and the first step.
Ltd., a poultry company has polluted the drinking water supply systems of the villages in the Umsning area. The KHADC has sent officers to inspect and found that it is true.
Serial 4, Amendment to Section 3 of the Principal Act, No. (1)(c) states that anyone can A Khasi who gives jait to his father shall no longer be a Khasi and all his children shall lose all the benefits which the Khasi receive even if they are the children of the Khasi father and mother.
According to Deborah, the state can only produce but has not been able to meet the needs of the people.
One of Iran's leading filmmakers, Jafar Panahi, has left Iran with his wife Tahereh Saeedi after the curfew was lifted.
In response, Witting Mawsor, HSPDP leader, said that the HSPDP is only an advisor to the Pastor in the working methods and he is the candidate to speak for the people.
Only time will tell.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Nongstoin Circle President Samla D.Wanniang said that after the complaint of the woman, the KSU Nongstoin Circle has made the KSU very sorry and the KSU has gone to meet her. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, but although the DC was not present due to the illness of the union, the union went to meet the Add.
On the floods due to heavy rains, she said the Government has already talked to the Deputy Commissioners to be prepared for these incidents.
The KSU Laskein Circle has demanded the establishment of police stations in these two villages due to the instability of the Khasi Pnar people living on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
The leaves of Nicotiana rustica are used in the manufacture of chewing tobacco or snuff.
Referring to the MDC Shu Sieh in KHADC, HDR said, “The government will have to consider the name of the MDC Shu Sieh before accepting it”.
The investigation is ongoing.
At such a time of great turmoil, those elders and thinkers who had opposed from the beginning had the opportunity to oppose those who had been given permission to build the road.
Nongsiang said that since 2012 they have sent a letter to the Minister of Education that the government has invited them to discuss the issue of teachers but until now the government has ignored the demand of the teachers. teachers until today the government continues to pretend not to know the problems of the teachers.
The state government has already announced the MDC elections in the state to be held on the 27th of this month and the question now is whether the MDC elections will go smoothly or will be postponed. until this amendment becomes law.
Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aaman War, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi and others were present.
At the same time, he said the meeting urged the government to pay the 4th teachers T.20493 like other teachers.
In most plants, the parts of the male flower and the parts of the female flowers are together in one and the same flower.
Let our talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC continue and we want to complete the talks first.
Furthermore, the party also asked the CEM of KHADC, what is the purpose of inviting those who oppose and support this road, “Does the CEM want to divide and intimidate our people while The party said that the people of West Khasi Hills have already elected a new MDC leader to represent the people. Why should the CEM still have to punish the people and the political parties?
Shillong, November 03 : U Bah Martle Mukhim, President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) East Khasi Hills District on Thursday held a meeting with the people of Mawryngkneng area. Mawlynrei, Mawpdang, Diengpasoh and other villages under Mawrynkneng Constituency to explain the party's principles of operation and also to strengthen the HSPDP in preparation for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held next year. 2023.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lakador Syiem said that the award was given to me by the Lecturer. ) who are called Guruji inside the Training Center.
Shillong, Nailur 7: Two members of the Liberation of Achik Elite Force (LAEF) have been arrested from two places on the border with Meghalaya. and Assam.
With this victory, Sailung Ialong SC has qualified for the final of this year's tournament.
Tourists to Meghalaya have been treated very rudely because no one has stopped them.
In view of the above, the Deputy Commissioner ( Supply) has instructed the fair price Shop Dealers to complete the distribution of Rice within 30 th July, 2021 using e-Pos machine.
The incident happened on the 6th of this month.
He said that it would be a shame if the public administration should be led by the rich without education while the teachers who want to take part in the public administration should not. “We will always have a weak government that cannot work in all aspects and cannot serve and benefit the people,” he added. more.
The resignation of the half to serve the people is the loss of the people themselves.
Those who support are also from the same source and plastic basis; I hope that they will be able to do so.
Reports said that the government's closure of these factories is an attempt to auction off the old equipment at the 57-year-old dewbilat factory.
The Forum also regrets that the name of the prominent lawyer of the Forum, Nalin Kohli, has been mentioned just because he did not attend or was present on the day of the hearing. they shall not glorify thy name.
This illegal mining has affected the residents of these areas.
Behdeinkhlam is a ceremony to celebrate with the Kñia, the khriam, the thanksgiving and the suit and shor.
Police in West Garo Hills District have launched a search operation after it appeared in the media that she admitted to having sent a Whatapp message claiming to be Jingjang D Shira. The new leader of the group, who has also been appointed as the Chief Executive Director and about 500 members are undergoing training at Rengdim in West Khasi Hills District.
At the end of the finals, cash prizes were also awarded.
Shillong: The State Level Inter School Football Tournament 2018 2018 has been held on the second day at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
At the closing ceremony of the tournament, Samla Alexius Narleng, Vice-President of the KSU Mawdem Unit, was also present as the chief guest. Western Border Area and other officials of the area.
We have also received other letters from the Secretary, Government of India, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Nirman Bhawan, New Delhi-1
According to police sources, on the evening of the 11th of this month, two persons identified as S Chetri, 49, and TR Sangma, 48, were arrested. Teachers of Rangsapara Secondary School, while on their way from Nongstoin to Rangsapara on a motorcycle, when they reached Mynniar village, they were blocked by a group of unidentified robbers. Faithful.
They expect the government to take action to improve this road.
According to information received, police conducted a raid at Byrnihat today and seized a Scorpio with Registration Number AS 01 EJ During the search, police recovered about 20 gold biscuits worth crores of rupees from Ladrymbai and intended to leave for Assam.
Children cannot be treated as ‘sheep’ because of the NTA’s inability to do what it is supposed to do.
The Minister said that Meghalaya has been able to achieve this goal thanks to the hard work of the Government together with Government departments.
SHILLONG:The Traffic Police in the state today on 13th November 2023, have seized 181 speakers seized from two wheelers and vehicles. .
This came after Maitchaphrang Mowtyrchiah beat Madankynsaw Mookyndeng 2-1 in the semifinal at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
The purpose although not to be skilled but the important thing is to teach brotherhood, friendship, cooperation, respect and sportsmanship in a pure spirit and also for the sake of health and society. “, said the CEO of the Meghalaya Football Association, Bah Arki Nongrum.
According to your website ww.
It is the Government of Meghalaya that can curb the attack by the insurgents, the people, the police and the Forest Guard (Assam),” he added.
The Commission will also look into the introduction of rules of procedure to ensure equal pay in relation to the salaries of teachers at various levels of assistance, relating to Government teachers.
Shillong: “I joined the BJP and it's like per on a sheet of paper. Fortunately, if you per, it's too good but if you don't fall, it's useless. from the lawyers of the state.
If there are complaints, the Hima Mylliem and the District Council are to blame.
Nongpoh, June 30: U MLA of Umsning Constituency, Bah Jason S Mawlong today inaugurated the Passenger Shed at Iewmawlong Village built by the Nongpoh Town Committee under the Grand In Aid Scheme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Urban Affairs has spent about 2.10 lakh.
All bounded and wine stores which have renewed their licenses for the year 2020-21 can open their shops in compliance with the guidelines of the government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. for the fight against Covid 19 including Social Distancing and other measures.
He said the summit at the MENA CW is important for the MENA region and has multiple opportunities to transform the future of the energy system.
“There are also internal conflicts that caused the Congress to lose,” he said.
Then the teacher came up with the idea to ask the world, “Kong, you are the son of Rida.
Ricky Keshi was admitted to Bethany Hospital on 13th November 2020 and died on 24th November 2020 due to respiratory failure along with Covid-1 Pneumonia.
The tournament was inaugurated by his son, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Balajied Rani MDC. Nongpoh, Marchborn Syiem, son of (L) Dr. Jerin Syiem, Benedick Maiong, Tobias Syngkli, President of Umden Sports Club and other dignitaries of the area. clubs from all over the country came to take part in the tournament.
Twenty-nine people have been arrested for refusing to cut down the trees.
She also said that cheap comments should be avoided.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, Vice President of the South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SWKHDVA) and welcome speech was delivered by Bah Downing Marweiñ, Finance Secretary, South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SWKHDVA). Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association (SWKHDVA).
The day was filled with songs by the students, teachers, reading of the Word of God by the children, dancing and others.
“The government's structure is really beautiful, but our income has decreased too much, because the vehicles and two wheelers that park for a long time near these shops selling soh and ja are no longer allowed. ", said the vendors.
The lack of performance has been evident from the highest authorities to the lowest,” he added.
The statement also said that drivers and passengers should not stop without urgent need and if they need to stay overnight they should inform the government authorities. .
Through this friend, the family members got the phone number of the priest and talked to him and the priest told him that Ricky had come out but he said he was going to stay overnight. to your friend's house.
On this occasion, training was given by resource persons, including the Health Department and Social Welfare Department.
Shillong: To conclude the first season of the Marynthing-Ka Snap Paka, the organizers of Marynthing-Ka Snap Paka, have decided to award the prizes to the winners tomorrow 07th June 2022 at the Khasi National Dorbar. Hall, Mawkhar Shillong at 2 pm.
Nongpoh: In a road accident which happened at 7 pm last night on the NH-6 and Umling village, the passengers of a Night Super Bus, escaped without injuries. The bus was hit by a Shaktiman truck carrying timber.
“The end of all things is at hand.—1 Peter 4:7
Is it because they have been deceived by the blunt English words of the Prime Minister or is it because they are so busy stealing the illegal wealth that they cannot even smile?
He said that the MBA will continue to provide coaching until the 15th of this month.
“We will not form the EC and we have decided to sit in the opposition,” he said.
In this regard, it is understood that the school has written a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of the district to seek permission from the Deputy Commissioner to allow the school to open a school. without thinking far of this unforeseen danger.
The owner of the car makes money quickly because he knows how to take care of the household,” said Marchborn.
This will be in reward to the people for their cooperation and cooperation which has also received praise from the World Health Organization (WHO).
It is for this reason that the MLA should be elected by the MLA who lives in the constituency and who can understand the needs of the people.
Furthermore, the residents of the area have received many photographs and information related to the Pakistani militant group on their mobile phones.
Thangkhiew said the purpose of the committee is to look into various issues raised by the state government in referring the VAB to the District Council.
On the other hand, the Ministers of the State Government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and Bah Kyrmen Shylla also visited the area and during their visit they found that the Natural Disaster Response The Force together with the Fire and Emergency Services have tried their best to recover the bodies of these four coal miners from the mine in East Jaintia Hills District.
“They admitted that Prah was able to bring back Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh, but when we try to look closely we find that they (VPP leaders) do not agree at all with Kiang Nangbah or Tirot Singh. “This is because if they love the nation, should they criticize women like that? Should they beat women? I will it shall be left to you to answer all these.
Shillong Lajong Football Club invites all the football fans who support the club from time to time to come forward and cheer on the team in this tournament. team will see the spirit to play well.
I saw firsthand how they conducted the classes and my son became more energetic and his way of thinking was also different and more mature.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has demanded from the DC on 9th July 2023 and has also sent a copy to both the MLAs of the area to set up an ITI to support the youth to stand on their own feet.
I completed my degree in Information Technology from Chennai's SRM Institute of Science and Technology.
The Khanapara Ribhoi District, which is located in Khanapara Ribhoi District, has been erected by the KHADC, where the Mawbynna has been placed in this area which has become a clear witness to the border.
The question that arises is, if the Bible is the cause of economic development in society and in the country as a whole, why hasn't our country and nation been able to do you have this blessing? Our nation has received the Gospel for more than 170 years now, but if we look back at its fruit, the prevalence of corruption, the oppression of the people, the evil in society, the decline in marriage, insecurity, poverty, unemployment and so on, the list is truly endless.
Earlier, the Congress MDCs who joined the NPP were Lamphrang Blah from Mawphlang, Bajop Pyngrope from Rambrai-Jyrngam and Fantin Lakadong from Laitumkhrah-Malki.
Sadon Blah said that members of the union went to inquire about a worker who was injured in a stone throwing incident a few months ago and to talk to the police. The investigation into the incident.
In the upcoming Budget, we expect the Government to strengthen these key issues and to fill the shortcomings and shortcomings in various sectors.
Nongpoh: The residents of Ummat (II), a village under the Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi district, on Friday, protested against the expressed its strong opposition to the violence against other ethnic groups living in the area which has been happening from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has rejected the allegation by the UDP that it is involved with the insurgents and said that it should produce evidence to prove that it is involved with the insurgents. .
Meanwhile, the chairman of Shlem Kiba Duk Tam, Bah Jied Kurbah, said that the donation was selected to provide equipment because the money will not be spent for 10 or 10 days but the equipment will not be used for a long time.
He also hoped that this acquisition of Sohra Government College will be a new milestone for the students of Sohra as a whole.
Shillong, June 29 : The ICFAI University today held a ceremony to honor the students who passed the 2022 examination at Tura Campus.
The dulir signed only by those who are not Rangbah Shnong are valid.
“MeECL earns Rs 550 crore per annum from the generation of electricity and that is why it needs a strong management to strengthen its income,” said Bah Mawlieh.
Likewise, the Niakha of Rida, after being able to leave the house of the son of the deceased Hynmen, was filled with joy because she suspected that her husband was sad about the funeral. noh the shop.
Speaking to Rupang, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has ordered that the farmers will not be allowed to participate in the farmers. enter the vehicle in the jhur language.
However, in 2019-2021, Meghalaya (6.1%) and Mizoram (4.1%) had the highest number of married men.
There is also a need for a bridge to connect and move from one place to another but the 2 hour traffic jam from 7Mer to Umshyr-pi will continue.
Shillong, June 21: U Bah J.Dringwell Rymbai, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, passed away on the 21st of this month at his residence in Mawlai Nongpathaw, Shillong. aged 88 years.
The incident happened at 2:30 am when robbers hijacked a truck parked at FCI Khliehtyrshi.
The Night Super, bearing the number ML 05 T 8382, was heading from Guwahati to Tripura when it reached the scene. , collided with a Shaktiman truck (ML 10 A 7293) carrying timber, which was trying to cross the highway to the other side.
Andres Flores, director of the Institute of Forensic Investigations, said 3,000 bodies were found between June 1 and November
The Union of Dorbars of 6 Shnongs, on Tuesday, said that at a meeting held on 12/06/2020 at PHC Mawryngkneng in the presence of MLA and MDC of the area, Bah David Nongrum, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Sordar Shnongs, Doctor of Mawryngkneng PHC, DMHO, Director of Health Services Dr. AA War promised that by the month of November, the old PHC will be relocated to a new building.
On the 10th of June, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will take action after reviewing the report of the Tactical Team. -The team that raided the house of Mr. Cherishterfield on the morning of 13th July
The condition of the workers in the State is as follows; (i) school teachers do not receive their salaries properly and their salaries are delayed for months. (ii) Casual and contractual workers do not receive their salaries for months.
Speech by the Chief Guest Spiton Kharakor on the same topic.
The JSU said that the EM has promised to take action and urged the villages not to issue NOCs and to cooperate with the council.
Balios Swer, President of the JCMDA, said that one of the benefits is that after the coal ban, many people in Jaintia Hills have turned to agriculture. “Now if you go to the coal mines, you will see plants, vegetables, where before they didn't exist at all” and in the words of the leader, he said that 80 percent of the people who work in the coal, they turned to farming after the 2014 coal ban.
Sport in India has improved in the last 10 years but we need to spend more.
This is the cry of the Israelites in Babylon.
The meeting will be held at 11 am in Iewduh.
Besides the Chief Guest, DSP HQ WKHD Bah B.Kharjana as the Chief Guest, Bro Collinsius Wanniang Principal of the College, teachers and students and other invitees were also present.
Jowai, March 05: The Women's Welfare Organization (WWOS) Jowai today held a special awarding ceremony for the youth of Niamtrai at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai. Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA 2-Jowai Constituency was the chief guest.
On the other hand, the BSF Band has entertained the audience by performing patriotic songs from their unique talent.
We will complete everything within this month,” said the BJP President. He said that they are currently in Tura with Organizing Secretary Tukuram Shetty to strengthen the party and will visit all the areas of the party. Khasi and Jaintia Hills in these days.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Tarsit Wanniang.
The United States has led other countries to send aid to Ukraine by sending weapons and ammunition as part of its support for Ukraine during the war. you are against Russia.
Violet won the MDC election from the UDP but joined the BJP. Violet has formed 46 village committees of the BJP and they have decided to support Violet, even in this time.
Fernando Barbario M Sangma and Denikcheng Marak took wickets for 2/21 and 2/25 respectively.
The leaders called upon all the people in the surrounding areas to come out in the middle of the square to express their grief, because of the suffering caused by the ban on coal mining. ong, 'Come out of the crowd so that the world will see that this is the people who are dying of hunger', then more and more when urging them to walk in a hurry, the leaders said, 'walk like walking at the time of death. he didn't cry, he didn't cry, but he went jar-jar.
Another is the X-ray machine at Umsning CHC which has not been repaired since it broke down until 2000. It was installed in July this year and broke down in November.
Twenty-eight residents of Umwali area were shot dead by the Assam police after they went to help the electricity contractors in the village. They are trying to complete the work before the big meeting to be held in October this year in the village.
M. Lakiang said that according to the progress of science, many changes have been seen and it is also a way to simplify the working methods in many areas. Women's Day is necessary to follow it in your mind.
“Bah HDR has stood up just to finish the ceremony because he is no longer old.
Secondly, the HYC has requested the DC to talk to the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima to demolish the houses that have been destroyed and the houses that have become like garbage dumps inside the market so that no one will use it. They will not be allowed to stay inside the Nongstoiñ market as they have been warned in previous years.
So far, 100 nurses have been arrested by the police at Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).
Marak said that the office bearers of the party will visit all the constituencies and villages which are facing problems in relation to the schemes of the Central Government as well as to collect the shortcomings they face. benefits provided by the Central Government such as roads, water, electricity, ration, housing, job cards and others.
Therefore, when he was put in prison, he was not afraid, and when he was threatened, he was not afraid.
The MCTA has expressed its deep concern that the decision should not be taken by the political leaders in New Delhi.
In the year 1897, during the Jumai Bah, the house of JJM Nichols Roy was not badly damaged. In 1889 he went to Kolkata to study at Scotties College.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has alleged that up to 16 vacancies in the Ayush Department of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare have not been announced.
Jowai, Nailur 24: Dorothy Roy Tariang has been awarded the Gold Medal in the Master of Business Administration (MBA) of Assam Don Bosco University with a score of 9.29 out of 10.0 in the Cumulative Grade. Point Average (CGPA).
WKH's Emisakani Warjri took four wickets for four runs while her teammate Fenny Nongrum took three wickets for three runs.
This is the message that Fr. Teibor distributed to the Longkmie at the Pyllun Dorbar of the Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese which ended today at Nongpoh Parish. 1,000 Longkme from all over the parishes of the Archdiocese of Shillong.
India has been under lockdown for more than two months to curb the spread of the disease, but it has affected the people especially the poor who earn their living due to lack of wages. “It has turned into a problem for many families and face poverty,” said Bah Seibor.
The Election Commission team has visited the state for the preparations for the elections and soon after their return they will announce the date of polling and re-polling.
When asked what issues he will take forward after becoming MP, Conrad said that the most important issues are the youth and farmers. It affects everything from education, when it comes to education it also affects teachers, unemployment of the youth, peace, sports and many others related to the youth.
It is learned that the number of tourists to the place is unknown, because in fact, Lum Kyllang is well known even in textbooks.
About eight Christians were injured and taken to hospital.
Shortly after the incident, the next day, two government offices in Umling and Umsning were hit by petrol bombs in Ri-Bhoi.
Have you ever stopped doing this, or will you be able to meet these basic needs?
In the third match, they drew 0-0 with Gokulam FC on 22nd November 2022. In the fourth match, on 28th November 2022, they beat Churchill Brothers FC 1-0 0 min, in the fourth match of TRAU FC beat TRAU FC 3-2 min on 1st November
" He said.
In a statement, the State Coordination Committee of Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum, (Forum) expressed its satisfaction with the order issued by the Supreme Court today. 21 November 2017 to allow the transportation of coal for four months.
This is not the case at the Civil Hospital; but all the hospitals are Government.
Pastor Basaiawmoit expressed his gratitude to the HSPDP and KHNAM especially to Bah HS Lyngdoh, a longtime leader of the people in the state, for their blessings to support him physically and spiritually in this election. At the same time, he said that if he wins, he will also discuss the issues of the people of the North East and across India.
Latiplang said that there will be no recognition of Dorbar Shnongs, no MDCs if the Panchayat comes and the District Council will disappear.
And the voice spake unto him again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.
The constituency where Bedi is contesting is also the constituency where the BJP has not been able to shake in the last elections as Harsh Vardhan has been an unshakable leader and has won five consecutive seats. there is this constituency.
The day was enriched by a song by the women of Khliehmynkrem Riatsasim and a cake cutting.
When they have extracted the oil from this seed, the remaining shaba can be used as fertilizer.
“This statement of mine has stirred up the NPP and has been taken advantage of by the UDP and other political parties.
Within the UK, the prevalence of myopia is between 20% and 30%.
Assam has accused those who went to work, carry and leave any goods beyond the Check-Gate of Karbi Anglong Assam.
There will be volunteers there too.
Finally, he said that if the government comes to install pipes in these areas and which are also a disruption in the traffic where even many animals have died due to the “The farmers will have to take other measures to surprise the government,” said Ferdinand.
It is prohibited to take pigs and move them to another household.
Furthermore, to return more than 300 villages of Jaintia Hills District, known as Block I & II, which were incorporated only by order of the Government of Assam in 1951 into Karbi District. Anglong, Assam, which the three Congress Governments of Assam, Meghalaya and Delhi had left behind while they were in power.
Furthermore, to get doctors to serve in hospitals, CHCs or PHCs, the government invites applications from all over the country through the newspapers to appoint those who pass the interview in vacant places. Many of those who have passed medical school do not join government jobs but strive to join private hospitals or start their own clinics to earn more money.
“We have heard, but when we show by our actions, it will be a surprise to everyone,” said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the Seng.
“PM Vishwakarma is a tribute to the traditional manufacturers,” said Prahlad Singh.
The Minister said that there are two factories which have not been accepted because there are reasons why the government feels that if allowed, they will deprive the state owners.
The candidate also criticized the ruling Congress and the ruling BJP for the increase in the price of agricultural products such as synsar, sla tyrpad and others while the price of beverages has increased. as one day passes.
“When we say that there are residents in Iewduh, the ministers have threatened us, do we dare to lie or lie? If they want us to show them, we will show them. “I don't know if there are any in the market who know,” said Korbar.
The North Eastern Hills University (NEHI) has postponed the Degree level examination scheduled for tomorrow to the 14th of this month.
The 18 candidates who have filed their nomination papers today are Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP from Sohryngkham, Kris Kharsati of the UDP from Sohryngkham, Ronald H Kharumnuid of the Congress from Sohryngkham, Jansing M Tynsong of the NPP from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh. , Holiwell Khongstid of the NPP from Nongshken, Grace Mary Kharpuri of the Congress from Nongshken, Alvin Khyriem of the NPP from Mawsynram, Rudy Hess Shangpliang of the Congress from Mawsynram, Gilbert G Laloo of the HSPDP from Mylliem, S Anthony N Nongbri of the UDP from Laitumkhrah-Malki, Saralin Kharlukhi of the UDP from Mawkhar-Pynthor, Teibor Pathaw of the Independent Candidate from Mawlai, Kestar Warjri of the HSPDP from Mawphlang. Bainor Rapsang of the NPP from Mawphlang-Diengiei, Lamphrang Blah of the Congress from Mawphlang-Diengiei, Sherborlang Mawlong of the HSPDP and Haislet Kharhunai of the Congress from Nongspung-Sohiong.
“We hope that we will be able to complete this new dorbar hall before the Budget Session in 2023,” said Dasakhiat.
Although the school was established recently, on Saturday, certificates were distributed to five graduates of the Film Direction Condense Course.
Oh! what are you doing? “I didn't see you walking faster so I went into the shop and was immediately shocked,” said Bhalang.
The SSG 2022 is the third phase and its report will be released along with the awarding ceremony of the winners, on Swachh Bharat Diwas (SBD) on 2nd March
Speaking to media, the SDM said that the Bangladesh government team has given good signs for the reopening of the border market and the Government of India. is confident that the market will be reopened in the last week of May,
Shillong, June 25: The 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship came to an end on Monday at the SAI Indoor Stadium at NEHU, Shillong.
This is a huge loss to the students especially those who are preparing for the matric examination.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The State Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum (STF) has urged all coal sellers and traders not to pay the tax for transporting coal. until the hearing on the 10th of March,
To remove only those who live in Government land, in Iew Mawlong, how much money, besides those who have been provided elsewhere by the Government? These are the others when they come? hahaha it's better to close the road and use the foot like the old days.
Shillong Cricket Association (MCA) beat All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) by 43 runs in the final of the Zone 1 Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament hosted by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Saturday. .
The incident happened in the evening and the office was identified as Meda Infrastructures.
Finally, if you don't have your ATM number, don't worry.
Information on international employment, which can be collected from the two political parties and nine election management bodies, such as the questionnaires distributed to the 30 (a) Grounds for the framing of the guidelinesThe Supreme Court in its hearing ordered the Clear Power to Elect- to develop guidelines for the content of election proposals in consultation with recognized political parties.
The Seng also found that these shops use rotten jhur and jhep, the clean water is used with wastewater and the method of cooking tiew is also dirty. and I cleaned my body to the point of death.
South West Garo Hills has 14 cases including 11 high risk cases, two drivers and one soldier.
The union has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the national highway from Jowai to Ratacherra. The road has caused a lot of trouble especially to the school children.
Allegedly, Ardent's protest against MUDA is only a ploy of Dr Mukul Sangma, Shylla said, “MUDA means Mukul Sangma.
For those who do not have internet access, please call 81320-11037, 84330-38716, 97115-44148, 73385-50288 from 9 AM to 8 PM. The QR Code must be sent online to your mobile number via whatsapp/SMS. This QR Code must be presented at the Entry Point at Byrnihat along with your ID. shape.
No casualties have been reported so far, but it has been confirmed that Assam has no casualties, while one youth from Mizoram has been admitted to a hospital in Bilaipur. , which is located on the border of Assam and Mizoram.
Therefore, the TSA Tournaments will continue as announced, as there is no provision of the MFA Constitution to create obstacles for the development of youth in games and sports. ing your own.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The KNMS has announced that it will hold a meeting on the 21st to discuss the Central Government's proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. , which is a law that seriously affects the stability of the Khasi people.
Rising Star and Chutwakhu won the title after defeating Khimusniang and Ummulong in the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) at the Jerusalem Stadium, Chutwakhu on Saturday.
After the arrest, the leaders of the KSU 20Mer Circle informed the police and after a while the police arrested the foreigner who came to Meghalaya without traveling. through the Screening Centre.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Comingone Ymbon, Minister of General Administration and Development (GAD), said that Mukul Sangma has visited Sherwood Bungalow, where DD Lapang lives.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongtalang said it cannot understand this action of the authorities.
Because somebody needs you one day or anytime.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Sawmer Village Council today honored the new MP of Tura, Conrad K Sangma.
The opening of the classes will be in blended mode or online and offline and these will include teaching, or book chapters, interaction with students and others.
Police suspect that the drugs smuggled into India through Myanmar. Why doesn't the Meghalaya government publish advertisements for vacant posts in other offices? They don't get jobs, while the posts that are vacant are contracted at a low price. Where is the money, before blaming the Congress government, now why? Parents have spent thousands of dollars to educate their children, they have finished their studies and they have to die Sha, there is no job here, because they have found the reason why they have to Ong, stop the backup, corruption .
According to paragraph 3(e) of the Sixth Schedule, the election of members to the District Council should be conducted by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Village Councils or Dorbar Shnongs and Town Committees should also be elected by popular vote, but in Meghalaya, no election has been conducted. the people, the Dorbar Shnong or the Village Council.
This training will make the child a perfect person in all aspects of his life whether it is in the way he works, or in the way he lives in his daily life or in the way he has manners. or even in social behavior and attitudes.
His phone number is 9233445843. He is available in room 149 on the 3rd floor from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm.
The motorcycle belonged to a resident of Jhalupara.
He also set a deadline to complete the construction by November 2024 so that the Dorbar Synrai can be held in the new hall.
Similarly, the French have destroyed the customs and traditions of the Sohra Hima and other Khasi Himas.
The President of the SengKur Jowai Unit, MK Siangshai, who spoke on the funeral of the student, strongly condemned the robbers who took her life and robbed her. become my wife.
He said that these orders were issued because of the feeling that these illegal factories may try to operate slowly by using coal from the area, which encourages illegal coal mining in the district.
According to Bah Shibun, as the state government has not taken responsibility to implement the schemes of the central government in the state, the party has decided to explain to the people across the state.
The Houthis also planned to bomb the US ship Destiny, which arrived at the Israeli port of Eilat on 20 June.
We are all Indians.
“We have completed the public hearing and we will send it to the EC of KHADC to take the necessary action,” said a member of the committee.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, has expressed its regret over the lack of action by the Government for the maintenance of the NH 6 in the Umkiang area, from Umkiang to Pyrtakuna Kuliang, Dona and the Border Narpuh area. .
We don't understand the speech of HS Shylla, because he is a person who doesn't speak like that from time to time.
The AYWO said that there are many laws passed by the central and state governments to protect the forests and the environment but the implementation of them is too slow. AYWO said that no one has arrested or seized these trucks from the government forest to Assam and the reason is the involvement of government officials. The trees not only affect the environment and cause the destruction of forests but also cause soil erosion and lack of land for cultivation.
The Prime Minister will be received by Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, Defense Minister Ajay Bhatt and Defense Secretary Rajnath Singh. u GiridharAraman.
I feel that at the time we were married for more than 70 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said the Supreme Court has now sought the opinion of the Central Government on this and the Central Government has sought the opinion of the State Government before submitting its report. to the Supreme Court.
She also thanked the leaders who have worked hard to accompany these players when they leave the state.
“It is the value and respect which are the solid foundations that bring about the building of the family, the society, various organizations and even the government,” said the Minister.
“I don't have a book and I don't have 100 tickets for 1000 tyngka,” said Jt.
The Prime Minister has not yet accepted Roshan Warjri as Minister.
The highest number of cases were reported in Kamrup Metro with 1,3
According to the reports of the MSPCB, these factories have been operating without permission from the Board which has violated Section 25 of the Water Protection Act, the Environmental Protection Act ( The department has issued a letter of closure under Section 33(A) of the Water Prevention and Control of Pollution Act
At the same time, he said that compared to Khasi-Jaintia, the number of forests is still higher in Garo Hills.
Please call us at Kong B Syiem 9402300795 and Kong V Shylla
Through parables and miracles Jesus proclaims and establishes the foundations of the Kingdom of God here on earth.
“Any factory should look after Meghalaya.
The construction of the Umiam Dam started in the 1960s and was completed in
Bah Warjri has been a strong opponent of the Assam government's plan to build a road in the area.
He also praised the traffic department but denied the allegation that the SMB collects money from the vendors.
The drugs weighed 411.17 grams.
Now the Railway: If the Seng Bhalang with tens of thousands of members remain silent, it will be a shame to themselves and the people of the country.
Regarding this announcement, the Dolloi Nongjngi, Raij Namdong together with the MDC of Khanduli Mynsngat, Dawan Lyngdoh met with the CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat to express their opposition and surprise to the announcement. “If they have any objections, they can appeal to the court,” said the Mynsngat MDC and Nongjngi district leaders.
Shillong: Eight MDCs of JHADC will join the BJP today in the presence of leaders from Delhi.
If it hadn't happened, Sohiong wouldn't have been the constituency where the UDP would have won.
At the time of writing, it is not clear who has done or implemented these coins.
He said that as the ruling party in the past years, the work done by the Congress has turned its back on the party because they understand what the Congress is and what it has done.
The incident happened on the evening of 1st July 2024 at 6 pm, at Shangbangla on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
When we turn to the village of Nartiang which is one of the villages that the Jaintia kings have established as the capital of the winter, we see that this 'Thangbahula' still exists and they still perform this ritual.
Regarding the samples sent for testing, Prestone said that so far 3207 samples have been tested, 2883 negative, 311 results are pending; 12 people have recovered and one has died of Covid-1
The Headman and Rangbah Dorbar Shnong Umblai this month informed the public that they would like to clarify to the public about the rally of Umblai Village at Daiñthlen and Weisawdong on 26/05/2 He said that it is not the intention to create any trouble but to show and demand their right to longtrai over the land in these areas which has started to be encroached by others.
The pick up was hit by a truck with register number AS01LC 6357 and hit the pick up without number plate. man died in the field.
Speaking to reporters, the Dy.CEM in charge of the Elaka Department, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the Lyngdoh Sohiong has been released from suspension after a thorough investigation by the investigation team. accusation against him.
The prime minister's office has also denied the allegation against Rajnath, saying it is unfounded.
The Committee also informed that during the audit of the source of coal used by coke factories in the State, it was found that 8 factories have used illegal coal, where the tax has not been paid. Five factories have already paid the tax as required, another factory has expressed its willingness to pay while two factories have not responded to the notice.
During the inspection, the leaders of the road found that the road is in poor condition and on this finding, they went to meet the Executive Engineer PWD (Road) South West Division West Jaintia Hills. Damanleki Lathong President of the union to lodge a complaint against the deterioration of this road.
Police said the seats, windows and windshield were damaged.
Shillong: Phiralin Nongbet has won the title of Mrs. Classic International 2019 at the Mrs TKS International pageant in Singapore. in Kolkata and this time she has been selected to represent India at the Mrs TKS International pageant in Singapore.
Thus the marriage ceremony was held without the consent and guidance of the Kni.
"He said that the old power policy was in
CEM CAAC Tuliram Ronghang said this to his public media after inspecting Mukroh and the Forest Check Gate of Assam on Tuesday.
According to sources, the Governor of Meghalaya can use his independent powers under the Constitution to appoint MDCs from a person who is suitable for him, by rejecting the names of It is learned that the Governor does not want to take sides with anyone and for this reason, he does not want to accept the name sent by the Government or KHADC but he can implement it. you have your own strength.
The Government of India has made progress in improving the lives of the people with the aim of reducing poverty in all sectors.
The Archbishop of Mawbri, Rev. Balestine Marbaniang Khongji, on this occasion, expressed his gratitude to Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh for taking the initiative to bless the church and the priests who have been present since the beginning of the Shnat Niam. who was the first Chief Justice of Rev. Jacob Alluckal as Maitshrah.
Everyone has been directed to strictly follow the government's guidelines regarding the proper wearing of masks, social distancing and hand washing with soap and water or by using masks. hand sanitizer.
Speaking at the meeting, the District Transport Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah R.Hinge, said that due to the increase in accidents in the state, the Road Safety Week program has been held as a special event. program to educate the public especially the drivers to ensure safety in traveling to avoid any accident, to follow the rules of driving, to be careful while driving, don't drive too fast.
Earlier, on the 4th of this month, a man named Rosenhembert Lyngkhoi, 36 years old, drowned in the same river.
The public hearing was for the upgradation of the clinker plant from 2600 TPD to 4500 TPD, a 10 MW captive power plant and a 9.5 MW WHRS or waste heat recovery unit.
“We have taken note of this matter and directed the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Secretary of Minority Affairs of the Government of India to appear on the date scheduled for the meeting. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh said.
The death toll was two, one from East Khasi Hills and one from North Garo Hills.
Although they could not resolve the issue within 48 hours, an officer sent by the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) came to knock on the door of his house after lodging a complaint. 15 days to overcome water shortage.
The children of Niamtre Ïawmusiang have chosen the issue of Roster System and Reservation Policy as a message to the state government and the children of thousands of Jaintia Hills also want change and improvement in these issues.
On the confession of these two, the police took Sofiqul Islam to the police station.
Thank you for sending this message.
We urge the people to sing, dance, eat, drink, talk, talk, worship, pray and sacrifice as usual and we will not accept unlawful impositions. Bindo said that it is important now that the BJP leaders, the Government of India should speak out and clearly state their policies. ).
When asked why the government has suspended the supply of fertilizer to the farmers, it is because the government wants the agricultural products produced by the state to be clean from the blessings. of soil fertilizer, without the need for forceful addition of chemicals.
In this regard, the Association through its Hon. General Secretary, Lammat-oo Laloo invites all the former employees of the Association, sports fans and others to witness the closing ceremony.
The group also lodged a complaint against the posters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and BJP President JP Nadda.
No one is allowed to travel from one district to another without passes and those who violate will be punished according to the rules of law.
Mairang, March 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) North West Khasi Hills District today sent a letter to the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem Phrester Manik Syiem, expressing its regret over the infiltration of foreigners. They are located in the villages of Niangdai, Wahpipa and Lawhuleng.
The Bollywood actress along with Kate will have the opportunity to showcase the hard work of women involved in cinema and will also have the opportunity to discuss many issues related to women.
Referring to the kilo cut from 10 kilos to 35 kilos, Sahnam Diengdoh said that the shopkeepers have ordered him to cut the kilos from 10 kilos to 35 kilos as part of the ration for all those who deserve ration.
Shillong: The Rural Self Employment Training Institute, Ri Bhoi District, has been providing various types of training to the rural people since 2009 to start their own businesses and stand up for themselves. with the aim of improving the income, livelihood of farmers, farmers, entrepreneurs and skills in their rural areas through adequate and comprehensive training on how to they will grow in their work.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rakesh D. Shira, President UDP Zonal Khonjoy and a welcome song was delivered by the Seng Longkmie of Nonghyllam Village. Dance, and other special programs.
Nazario's mother, expressing her happiness for her son's success, said that she was very happy that his son came in the top 10 and she used to watch at night with him. until 12 or 1 pm to prepare food and drink for him.
What is worse is that the government will soon close down all its departments, as it has closed down others.
SHILLONG: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to form ECs in both the KHADC and JHADC councils after the elections to be held on 27th June.
Rescue operations are ongoing and efforts are being made to provide and provide assistance to those who have been severely affected,” said a tweet from the Prime Minister.
The elephant, known as Krishna, was shot dead by the forest department led by Padma Hazarika, BJP MLA from Sootea Constituency.
However, it also affects the rights of the people who do not want to plant trees in their areas.
“The driver of the vehicle carrying nine people stopped near the crowd and out of fear he drove the vehicle and it was here that the vehicle hit the people who were trying to stop the vehicle,” he said. he added.
When asked why they didn't go to support the incumbent MLA who is from the NPP party which has been in power for many years, some of them said that they have left, because there are many violence and everything. these kinds of jobs have to go through those high levels.
The office bearers of the FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District are: President Deihok Sumer, Vice President Welking Swer, General Secretary Emlang Sutnga, Assistant Secretary Hamkhia Siangshai, Organizing Secretary Andiwor Pala. Assistant Organizing, Johnlang Bamon, Information Secretary, Michael Chyrmang Chief Adviser, Alprin Dkhar, Legal Adviser, Cyprian Dkhar (Advocate), Education Secretary, Prosperity Rymbai, Agriculture Secretary, Fullmoon Nongtdu and others.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the training for MLAs organized by the Legislative Research Program (LRP) at Parliament, New Delhi.
Loan assurance is a risk mitigation tool that allows lenders to lend to MSMEs.Thus, a credit guarantee fund of T 750 crore has been set up to provide security for AHIDF loans of up to 25 % of the amount disbursed to creditors.
The office bearers of the Raid Mawbuh Unit were confirmed by the President of the Raid Mawbuh Unit, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang in the presence of the office bearers of the Raid Mawbuh Unit.
He said that he will not consider those who contest against him in this election as enemies, but the enemies in the constituency are the drug abuse and unemployment among the youth.
“I don't accept the law.
Saibon said KHNAM has also demanded the appointment of a full-time Governor of Meghalaya.
The Seng has urged the SP and DC to take action on this issue so that the people of the area will not face any problems. “The Meghalaya government has not done anything on this and has not informed us if anything happens. The KSU is not responsible,” said Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary KSU Nartiang Circle.
He said that this meeting will be to discuss how to move forward in this regard and once I get the approval from the MHA, I will take action to move forward on this issue.
“The number of national parties has increased from the BJP, Congress, NPP, TMC while the ethnic parties, the largest UDP and the oldest HSPDP, we have come together. the votes will be counted while the others are divided.
Shillong: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC from Mylliem, on Tuesday said that if BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sarma from Assam stands against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), he too will be a member of the Congress. Taking part in the debate on the CAB in the KHADC, Ronnie said, “The UDP has In the NEDA, tell Himanta to oppose the CAB and if Himanta opposes the CAB, I too will join the NEDA”.
Speaking after the opening of the dorbar, Revenue Minister Zenith Sangma said the GST will reduce the tax burden on the people.
The DC's office has directed that everyone should follow the government's guidelines to keep a distance from each other in the workplace and the Dorbar Shnongs should ensure that there is strict compliance with the guidelines. who have been put.
This is the newspaper with the highest number of readers this month, with about 100,000 readers.
“This is what we have discussed today which will be good for the youth and their future in terms of employment,” said the group.
The North East Petroleum Workers Union (NEMU) on 27th November 2023 has sent a letter to the Minister of Food and Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon regarding the proposal to stop the supply of petrol to the country. Meghalaya has announced that it has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police.
see Genesis 42:8
“To ia,” he said and followed Ban.
The incident happened on Monday when hundreds of houses were affected and the houses were destroyed.
Who can talk about these problems, these problems, when many Ministers who do business, contracts etc. do not know the heavens and the earth.
“Of course, now we have destroyed and destroyed but we cannot know what will happen tomorrow or in the future.
After the marathon, there will be a food fest and a gospel concert.
“The non-BJP ruled states have been deprived of all their rightful needs and benefits in the Central Government,” they said.
“Do you mean that in 2005 there were no Members from Jaintia Hills in the Cabinet, do you say that in 2008 (at the time of the Rule) there were no MLAs from Jaintia Hills? Jaintia?.
As the Congress leader, she said the party is willing to work together to form a government in the state in the coming months and years to run the state forward.
Mawkyrwat, November 05: The District Social Welfare Officer (DSWO) in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority, Mawkyrwat today celebrated the Day of the I. Lawrynniang, MCS, Block Development Officer C&RD Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
Polo.
The MLA of Mawlai in the past few months, has invited the engineers of the PWD department to inspect the roads especially on the National Highway which passes through Mawlai to see the danger to the people. due to the lack of security for the people walking and standing on the highways.
The EM in charge of Arts and Culture Department of KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, who is also the Chairman of KHVMC, said that the fundraising will start from Monday next month.
“There was a social agreement between the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) in 1954 through Pa'iem Manik Syiem and the Vice Chairman of the Municipal, LP.
Shillong, Naitung 13: In a meeting with the DCs and SDOs Civil at the Secretariat today, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, announced that the government will repair about 1800 government LP Schools.
The team of 41 members, including Bah Tiklu, went to climb Draupadi Ka Dhanda II after completing all the training at NIM. However, when they were preparing to return from the place where they had already climbed the mountain, it was said that suddenly an avalanche occurred, in which the group stopped. no shalor on this mountain.
Famous musicians and singers from all over the world will come to participate and entertain the audience during these three days at Madan Kurkalang in Bhoirymbong.
The IFSR-2011 has found that the area of ​​forest cover is 17,275 square kilometers while the IFSR 2021 has found that it is 17,046 square kilometers which means the decline is 229 square kilometres.
Government jobs are scarce because only a few jobs can be provided to the youth,” he said.
The purpose of this program is to explain to the school children about the NALSA Scheme for Legal Services to Disaster Victims through the Legal Service Authorities. scheme but through the Legal Aid Councils and Paralegal Volunteers working within the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), who are the bridge to connect the people in the villages with the people in the government in terms of the topic of Disaster Management.
If we want to see that the youth to improve in sports, it is the duty of the government to provide the necessities, to open the doors and as the government has worked hard to provide them with sports. training or academies, grassroots programmes, and building stadiums, the path we are taking to promote sports in this state, so that it will be a path for the youth to become stars. “It will showcase not only the village or district but the state and the country in the future,” said Bah Shakliar.
At the same time, prizes were awarded to the participants.
In a statement, Kong Susuki said that as the party in the state, “We have a strong, strong and respectful commitment to the rule of law that with the support of the people of the state we will reach the thong," concluded the statement.
During his campaign in Lawbah , Bah Ardent spoke about the border and the illegal entry of mynder , he also spoke about the power of money that the people often use when a candidate appears to contest Elections ask how much money he has and not his knowledge and understanding as well as his goals and visions.
No entry will be posted at HK Singh's DC Office.
The Central Government has said that the decline in yields in the area may be due to intensive farming practices, natural disasters, and the influx of development projects.
The price of petrol in Delhi has risen from T.64.47 per liter to T.66.90 while diesel has risen from T.46.12 to T.49.72 per litre.
She said that she has been listening to the radio since the past and in 2012 the radio said that Indira Gandhi was 95 years old. “I remember well when Nehru came here and took Indira with him. Indira was very young but we at that time had paid a high price,” she said.
Various videos were shown, in which there were many eaters, who were mad and who threw away their food trees, because the jyntah was too sweet.
Ma Tyrnit Pdein, General Secretary, San Shnong Welfare Association Mukhaialong, said that the festival should be enjoyed by the people of the area before harvesting the rice from the fields taught by the ancestors.
This political party has done many things to mislead the people especially the rural and poor people through various schemes.
Thyrngai Dhar, 101 years old, a voter from 1-Thadbamon (Section No.3, Lummuriap) Polling Station in 4-Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituency, was appointed by DD Syngai, MCS & ERO of 4-Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituency. .
“The State BJP makes it clear that the invitation for the visit to the newly rebuilt Shree Ram Temple, according to the time of the invitees, but not for the opening ceremony. the invitation letter did not include the date.
The meeting was conducted by Juliana Challam, Chairperson of the Seiñ Kynthai Loomïongkjam who welcomed all those who attended the program and also informed about the good deeds of the Seiñ Kynthai. inside the community you stay together.
The pick-up carrying seven people from Mawsynram to Thieddieng, East Khasi Hills District collided with a truck on the 13th of this month at 9 pm. the evening is over.
This was indeed the best match for Meghalaya in the tournament against the strongest teams in the country.
He said that the Miss Beach Festival Contest will be held with a cash prize of T.40,000,000 for the first place, T.25,000 for the second place and T.15,000 for the runner-up. third.
“They came to meet me and I made it clear that the project has been canceled and suspended for now,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the athletes who have brought the name and glory of the state and India as a whole by winning medals.
They also urged the MLA of Nongpoh to talk to the government for the completion of this road which has been waiting for a long time by the people.
Bah Jyllud escaped from the toilet of the DC Shillong office on 6th October 2019, before being taken to court.
The new market will also have adequate shops according to the sales of the market dwellers in their respective markets and will also have a parking lot, lifting and maintenance areas. “There are many goods imported by the public in terms of the Market Regulation Act-1979,” he said.
It's like:Ah! Muluk- Our place, (2) Peace, Ah! God bless you – Lyngkhuh – Pakhuh;
The reason is that there is still a contract between him and the club, worth 700 million euros and which will lead to a legal battle.
On the other hand, KHNAM will meet with the Minister of C&RD Prestone Tynsong to take action against this violation of their rights.
The polling for 40 constituencies in Mizoram ended on 7th November, while for 90 constituencies in Chhattisgarh it was held in two phases, on 07th and 30th November.
Therefore, both these Dorbar Shnongs have demanded the immediate removal of this factory as it is damaging these wells and if these wells are lost, the villages will not have any other wells.
Members and leaders of the EJNC from different units of East Jaintia Hills as well as several students, owners of the school and others came to take part in the Mombati Candle Light. The President VDP of the village was also present.
Then there was a shooting of a Karbi by unknown persons in Khanduli.
On the other hand, the Minister of Education promised to take action and resolve this issue immediately and urged the students who have not yet received the scholarship to visit the office of the Director. Department of Higher & Technical Education if you have any questions from the office.
At the same time, the government should not use force by violating the rights of the Kharmetor.
Bringing technology into every aspect of educational delivery.
The WHO estimates that there are 4.5 to 5.4 million cases of malaria worldwide, with 81,000 to 138,000 deaths and 400,000 injuries per year.
Prestone appealed to the teachers to continue to persevere in this regard, as the government has moved forward to implement these demands and urged them not to be misled. to several people on this point.
These printed fabrics are used in sarees, dresses, furniture and chairs.
Shillong: Police have recovered a bomb from the vehicle of Bah Mike Pakyntein, a supporter of the Congress candidate, this morning.
Therefore, the voters of Shillong and Tura are aware of these actions of the BJP as well as the actions of the MDA government and for that reason they are now turning to the Congress,” said Pala.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Women Football League (SSA) sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has beaten Mawsna SC 1-0 in a thrilling match. The Meghalaya Games 2022, which ended on Thursday, was held on Tuesday.
There are three types of disinfectants that can kill insects that carry malaria: those that can be used indoors, in the air, and on water.
Are all those who have been quarantined for 14 days exactly scientists (doctors, pharmacists, lab technicians, etc)? And if so, have they been equipped to test themselves? many other actions of the government such as the case of a young man who stayed alone for 14 days without receiving a scientific follow-up.
Speaking to Rupang, Ampareen said the demand for the implementation of the inner line permit in Meghalaya has been passed in the Legislative Assembly.
Former Mawsynram legislator and NPP spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang on Tuesday said that although he has not been elected as a candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, he has been elected as a candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. it is not what he is ready for and he will work hard for the success of the organization.
“Blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed” John 20:2
The majority of the kurs in this village are from the Dkhar, Sangriang, Syiemlieh, Myrthong, Iawphniaw and Kharmaw tribes.
Mumbai: There has been a heated debate over the price of two tickets at the JW Marriott Hotel in Chandigarh.
However, when she opened the plastic, she found the body of the girl.
The SBI should provide information to all those who contribute through electoral bonds and the names of those political parties that have collected the contribution.
At the same time, the party urges the people of the area not to take part in the meeting.
They asked him on the phone whether he was at home and he said that his father was not there because he had gone abroad but his mother was there.
About 1 in 5 cases is now under the age of 55 according to research and sampling.
He added: “In the coming days, you will see a lot of things happen and we will attack this government.
Meanwhile, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, which includes 80 villages, has decided not to take part in the procession called by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs. The Bri u Hynniewtrep will be held on the 5th of November.
However, the woman and some of her supporters, said that they are the pillars not only for peace and order, but for all the development works that the government is providing for the benefit of the people.
However, this assistance was in the form of loans and not subsidy and when attempts were made to improve the agriculture, it was damaged by the environment and all the crops were destroyed.
Sports grounds may be opened, but they must follow the rules and no spectators will be allowed.
But the time will tell, just wait and see...” said Father Hep. When he listened carefully to the story, Father also laughed.
He said that medical facilities are now available in the entire area.
“We know that Majai is a trading hub which started in 2004 but it is surprising why the Government collects only revenue while not improving the road,” said the Seng leader. .
The MPUF-EJHD has demanded that the JHADC should cancel the NOC of three coal mining factories in Rymbai and Sutnga districts. .
The matches tomorrow will be between Ksehsylle Ialong vs Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong at 11 pm, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu vs Saiñdur Mihmyntdu at 1 pm and Moodymmai vs FC Iong I at 1 pm. haka after 3 pm.
“Now the TMC has been able to get thousands of supporters from all parts of the country to support and strengthen it, and to ensure that it can fulfill its promises as it has already made to the people,” he said. he added.
Tura, July 30 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today launched the election campaign in his constituency-51 South Tura. Supporters who still trust him as their leader flocked to the New Tura Law College ground.
Sheikh Hasina said the Sunamganj port covers an area of ​​2,000 acres and could become a huge port.
There were no casualties in this incident except for the injuries of some of the victims.
In the Transport Department alone, it shows that the non-collection of road tax has been a loss of T.52.22 crore in 2020-21 and T.0.33 crore in 2021-2 taxes, fees, and fines are paid by the Department of Transport.
“In the rural areas, the Food and Civil Supply Department will arrange this and this has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioners to disseminate the information to the public and the media,” he said.
Police also raided the shops of the victims.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Electricity, James PK Sangma, in reply to a brief question raised by Dr Amapreen Lyngdoh MLA, said that the smart meters which the government intends to install implemented in the state at a cost of T.3400/- each.
Speech was delivered by Mr. Wanshwa Nongtdu, one of the youths of Mynkre village, East Jaintia Hills District, who said that the Reservation Policy needs to be revised for the better. He said that at present, the policy is 40% for Garo, 40% for Khasi Pnar, 5% for Other ST and 5% for General Category. 15%, but he said it is no longer appropriate because the population has increased.
When we turn back now after independence and when we have had the opportunity to rule ourselves by our own people, whether by dohiong or dohstem or dohsaw and so on, the question that arises is, what is the difference? have we seen since we received our freedom?
“As a friend, I feel that you are in danger, that's why I don't feel like sleeping anymore,” said Bah Shanbor.
