On the other hand, the Supreme Court is still considering the soskular relating to the demarcation of the border in the first phase, and we will have to wait for its decision.
The decision to ban the ban was taken by the Council on 15th October at the executive committee meeting.
“If the President's Rule comes, it will be a great threat to the state at this time because the Railway Head can be forcibly brought to Byrnihat, the ILP demand can be suspended, the Metor Area can also be suspended. “Besides, even this work of demarcation can be stopped,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
“This award which I received today from the hands of the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, is a testimony and recognition of my hard work during her tenure and through her work. Many people have benefited from my efforts,” said Victorealness.
Therefore, within this year, we must complete the construction”.
# P.W.2.
“Now we stand firm on the ground to demand the resignation of the Principal,” they said.
he does not know how to judge the sins of his fellow men, nor does he have the desire to accumulate wealth, fame and glory.
He said that this shop will also help other SHGs from other villages to bring or market their products.
The Trinamool has alleged that a security guard posted by BJP leader and Union Minister Shantanu Thakur entered the temple with his juti and slightly. to the women.
Since the day of her death, the KSU has been involved from hand to foot in paying her last respects to her. for the day of my burial.
Buh is worth 4 thousand units.
T Sawkmie, former MLA, said that there is a need for cooperation between the ASHAs and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, it can be the way we use it and in what way we use it. Our ancestors in the time of the Holy Age used to use this fruit.
“Many times we as MLAs are afraid not to help the people when they come to ask us to do something wrong just because we lost the election.
They also made it clear that they will not take part in the upcoming elections if the relevant authorities carry out this plan.
The 3rd Berchem Cup Open To All Basketball Tournament 2023 organized by the Nongpoh Proper Youth Association has come to an end on Saturday. , which was inaugurated by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem.
He said that in fact, the Tabari Sector does not fall under Meghalaya and does not vote for Meghalaya in the MLA, MP and MDC elections. Meghalaya will get land,” said Bah Bajop.
However, even after the outbreak of Covid-19, the number of vehicles remains the same.
A man has been arrested after he raped his wife at a cow farm in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh.
Meghalaya managed to score 232 runs for the loss of all wickets in the second innings, in which the state needed to tied 194 runs to win. to finish with only 7 wickets.
The ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkadiang Village, in the presence of family members, relatives of Bah Hubert, Mawkadiang Village Leaders, Sengbhalang and others.
The program was opened by a song by Bah Maurice Lyngdoh Marshillong.
Speaking to reporters, AMS&CA Advisor Bah Dino G Dympep said that the Association of Contractors of AMS&CA strongly opposes this high price of the government. The contractor is in the state.
One of the law enforcement officers said that even if the trucks are stopped, a phone call will come from outside, if they are not stopped, they will be threatened by the people.
Acts 2:14-4
Chairman FB Lyngdoh said that a letter has been sent to all the MDCs on the 12th.
Gujarat Home Minister Harsh Sanghvi, seeing the video, commented, “Oh, what an actor.
Photo Credit: Jop Pariat and Seimon Shylla.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong said that if you elect Bah Teibor Pathaw in the 2023 elections, you will get the right result.
In total, we have seen a revenue of Rs 75 crore per month but an expenditure of Rs 120 crore per month which shows that MeECL has lost about Rs 45 crore per month.
I feel that this is a victory for us because it has never happened that the BJP has recognized the NDA candidates in the state.
Some of the residents of Rymbai took the initiative to come forward for the screening and all of them were fine.
“This is not an insult to Dr Mukul Sangma but to the people of the state,” said Dr Mukul.
Pride goes before destruction.
We have put this in the Election Manifesto which should be reviewed, reviewed and reviewed once again.
The ceremony was conducted by Rangbah Skor Jala, Khnong Rynsan of the Khasi Mawkhar Shillong.
This is in violation of the Water Bodies Preservation and Conservation Guidelines 2023 issued by the State Government according to the order of the High Court.
The Opposition MLAs who were present at the opening of the session included Charles Pyngrope (TMC), Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Gabriel Wahlang and Charles Marngar of the Congress, except Ronnie Lyngdoh who left early. I don't have to go to Guwahati.
Other speakers included Bah John F Kharshiing, who said that in the past, Syiem Tirot Singh used to fight with swords and spears, but now the Our time is no longer to fight with swords and spears, but with laws and regulations.
Noting that the situation has been brought under control, the Dy.CM said that Lapangap village does not fall into the area of ​​differences.
The youngsters are working closely with me and their parents are also supporting me".
“The honor you have given me is to teach the children properly and educate them so that they can become the foundation in their lives, that is the honor I like the most,” said Lahkmen.
As already mentioned, the source of the Khasi identity is the Khyndew, the Kur and the Ktien. This means that from the beginning of the family, the community needs the land called Meiramew; furthermore, in society, it is necessary to know the kur and jait in order to avoid the shongsang; and in all the works of government, a word is needed in prayer, in speaking, in a story that can be understood by all.
The Seng Khasi stands to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew on the basis of 'Tip kur tip kha – tip brief tip Blei' and to 'Love yourself and respect others' and such irresponsible actions, however, have evil intentions behind them and lead to the misguidance of the nation as a whole with the intention of dividing it.
In the 1980s, the former Prime Minister Duh asked how only 15% (15 ana per 1 tyngka) would reach those who should have received it.
On the other hand, the union urges the government that if it doesn't want to do anything, it is afraid of the border and threatens the foreigners who have stayed illegally, to allow the union only one day to leave. These are the places where you are from another state.
On the other hand, the increasing power outages in the state are due to the severe shortage of electricity as it has to be purchased from foreign companies like NEEPCO and others and the purchase is not less than 50 percent of the electricity supply. There is a need for electricity in the state especially in these days.
The Joint Secretaries include Benedict Buam, Wilbert Nongtdu, Arsuk Tyngkra Thadlaskeiñ Block Unit, Matheus Dkhar Saipung Block Unit, Malbi Timung Namdong Block Unit and Risneilang Langstang Laskeiñ Block Unit.
Speaking on the occasion, u Kongsan u Wailad congratulated the department of this office for organizing this exhibition which is necessary for the farmers not only to showcase the quality of their products but also to showcase the quality of their products. They will have the opportunity to discuss with the staff of this department related to agriculture.
The death toll worldwide has now reached 2 lakh and the number of infected is estimated at 3 million.
I expect that these bad news will end, but they are spreading from day to day,” Singh told reporters.
We don't want to overthrow, why should we overthrow a government that listens to the voice of the people”.
According to sources, at 3 pm on 22nd November, Assam Police seized a truck suspected of smuggling timber at Mukroh village under at Zirikending Police Station, near the border of West Karbi Anglong District, Meghalaya.
“We want to talk compromise first at the table to build trust.
“Scoring a goal in the first minute against Chennaiyin shows that we cannot survive for 10 years.
This is very important as there are too many residents affected by the disease.
That is why God urges all people – to make supplications, prayers, intercessions, for all people, for the Kings of the Almighty so that we may have a happy life in godliness. bad all the trouble.
The money showed by Bah Muktieh had a red mark and an inscription showing that it was a fake money. “When I looked at the money I didn't remember. well, i just noticed it had a 'fake' label i didn't pay attention-and it was when i went shopping the sellers said it was counterfeit money-when i looked closely i saw that the “It's not fake,” said Bah Muktieh.
Shillong, July 31: Two matches of the Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division tournament today came to an end with Nongpdeng and Jersey Kings winning.
Life without love:–– life without love is like a dry or short-lived pond.
Euphrasie Barbier in 1937 and after decades of journey, she has risen from time to time until she has reached this goal.
These trucks are numbered (1) AS-01AC-7088, (2) AS-24C-2664, (3) AS-24C-2826, (4) AS-01DD-3266, (5) AS -01FC-7819, (6) AS-01DD-5915, (7) AS-01EC-0930, (8) AS-01CC-7984, (9) ML-05-7860, (10) AS-01W-9476, (11) AS-01AH-1266, (12) AS-09C-2938, (13) AS-01GC-0966, (14) WB-39D-4777, (15) AS-11AC-5852, (16) ML- 04A-5070, (17) AS-24-7221, (18) NL-01L-3391, (19) AS-01JC-7791, (20) AS-11HC-4186, (21) AS-01DD-4538 & ( 22) AS-01CE-7866.
The demand for this article is to strengthen the ownership of land.
Not everyone can endure this cross.
Seinbhalang Shkentalang and Jarain C&SC have shared 10 points each in the Super Division Football League of Amlarem on Thursday. Mini Stadium Ladjaplem, Amlarem.
(By the reporter) After the controversy over the government's urgent introduction of the MLA and MDC nomination bill at the same time, Bah Vincent H Pala MP Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and MP of the party The Congress has come forward to support Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and requested Sonia Gandhi, President AICC to appoint the incumbent CEM who is working hard to preserve the customs and traditions of the past.
It is a fact that those who earn their living by quarrying stone and shyiap from the mountains or shyiap from the rivers.
,” said TUR in a statement sent by Convenor Angela Rngad.
One in 15 people, aged 40, has been confirmed positive for covid 19, which has caused SARS-CoV-2, since April 2020, according to a survey. of the Indian Council of Medical Research.
The Minister said that the talks will start as planned.
The meeting will be held on November 16, 2022 at 2 pm at the UDP office near Shillong Commerce College and Shillong College, Laitumkhrah.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 61194 out of which 55163 have recovered and 1024 have died.
Such activities are still happening even in places that are considered sacred and spiritual as well as in places inhabited by educated and enlightened people, especially in places that are considered sacred and spiritual. the intellect of the people is not yet reached and those who are still living in the darkness of life.
The matter is under investigation,” the government said.
There is no time for the dead to be honored;
“The Minister said that although the electricity situation has been very difficult, the Government has done its utmost to ensure that the hours of power outages are not increased. .
Out of 845 entries received in the five categories of awards, 66 winners were selected – 35 for the Project Award, 6 for the Innovation Award, 13 for the National/Zonal City. Award, 5 in the State/UT Award and 7 in the Partner Award.
Six of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District: five and East Jaintia Hills:
As the people of the village are suffering, especially the rich, the people closest to those in power are becoming increasingly involved in their own interests.
Israel and the Jewish nation became a great nation in power over all as it is today.
This 18,626-page report is the result of 191 days of consultations with stakeholders, experts and research, since its appointment on 02 November, .
He also urged his supporters not to hesitate because the candidates who are fighting against him are from the same household.
He also denied the allegation that he too will join the VPP after he went to support Bah Ardent while he was sitting in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat to fight for the restoration of the party. you're right.
Bah Nongsiang said the government instead of sending them to take the examination again, should provide training to them to improve their skills as teachers and not by sending them to take the examination because teaching is a skill. .
For Aizawl, A. Kromah scored two goals while Lalkhawpuimawia and I. Vanlalruatfela scored one each.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gavin said that although the Sohra area has the highest rainfall in the world, there are times when people don't have enough water to drink.
Meanwhile, Alicia came to the police on her own and identified herself as the one who had been missing since that year.
According to this notice, no factories shall be built or established in the Eco Sensitive Zone.
Through this victory, Phudmuri won a cash prize of T.40,000 and Synrop won T.20,000 along with trophies distributed by the members of the team.
“At the meeting we decided that instead of demanding the implementation of the ILP, we have introduced the MRSSA which includes provisions to empower not only the government but also the District Council too”.
“We hope that this scheme will not be just an election fraud scheme like FOCUS,” said some of the youths who want to use this scheme to stand on their own feet.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the party has not yet discussed how and whom to elect but has given freedom to the MLAs whom they can elect.
“The word U” in this verse is the false Christ, the day, refers to the last nine years of the false Christ's rule over the whole world.
The 100 meter long bridge was constructed by the BRO to connect the state with Lower Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur.
The photographs of the trees that have been taken recently and which have been collected as evidence are personal and the union has requested to clean up the garbage and break it in the right places.
Norway's first goal came from an assist from Kevin De Bruyne and another from a penalty before the end of the match.
The MCTA said, “We understand the challenges that this decision will create, but, as in the past, you have dedicated yourself to the work of the Association. , it is essential that we unite to ensure that our teachers receive dignity and also to protect the welfare of various groups, especially the students.
“There is no disturbance, no damage and no disturbance to the people because as a district we are in mourning over the incident and therefore the people do not want to commit any disturbance,” said Bah Batlang.
He said that although the railway line has been operational in Garo Hills at Mendipathar, but until now the vacancy announcements in the Railways have not been issued so that the youth from Garo Hills can apply for jobs. He said that he will talk to the Chief Minister on this issue.
However, there are still many jobs that the government has done for the farmers.
The KAS leaders also submitted a petition to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in this regard.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWSRJ) has expressed its strong opposition to the government's order directing MeECL to install Smart Meters in all households.
These 15 students have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC 2023 examinations.
The union has nothing to complain about the allocation of posts to other colleges, but the government should also look into Sngap Syiem College as it is the only college in the district and it is the only one to provide posts. Take responsibility for the education of the youth of the District especially those who come from poor families.
“Prime Tourist Vehicles aims to promote tourism and provide the best service to tourists in travel and at the same time to create an income generation opportunity for investors,” he said. he added.
Two persons, including the Vice President of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU), were injured in a clash during the Holi celebrations on the campus of the university on 25th October.
Not only that, the purchase of Albendazole has already been paid and this is a loss to Meghalaya of billions of rupees.
Furthermore, the Committee shall also hold public hearings at prepared places and ensure that there is acceptance and rejection of suggestions, objections or explanations and comments before submitting the report.
Another reason for the defeat of the Congress party is the defection of MDC Lamphrang Blah from Mawphlang constituency who contested the mid-term elections from the NPP and the NPP. Ashahel D Shira from Rajabala who went to contest from the UDP. Meanwhile, the Mawryngkneng constituency was allegedly due to the departure of a party leader who came to contest from the UDP. as an independent candidate.
"They said, 'Good morning,' said Bah Shanbor. He immediately introduced them to the policeman as the village leaders.
Three boys, one girl and a teacher were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital on Saturday for examination.
Informing on the cost of the project, the Minister said that the construction of the project has been supported by the Central Government of Rs 243.82 crore and the share of the project is 70 percent. and Rs 172 crore.
Speaking at an election campaign rally for the party candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Sangma said, “We as the government have the courage. that we have the courage to take on difficult issues that other governments in the past have not dared to do.
The truck, which was carrying 25 Muid, overturned at 11 mer and was carrying Muid from West Bengal, with the intention of dropping them at the Muid Market. ha Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi, but when the truck reached the place, it turned over suddenly.
At this meeting, Mondal explained the progress of the State in terms of electricity as well as the challenges faced and the measures taken by the State Government to improve the generation of electricity.
The Manipur High Court has ordered the state government to recognize the Meitei people as Scheduled Tribes, who make up about 50 percent of the population. in this state.
“The relationship has grown too fast, but it is part of our love.
Welcome speeches were also delivered by Sahakawan Dkhar, thanksgiving by Boodwanmi, Chairman KKCNC presented the report of the Committee. Thank you very much to all the children of the church who came to the meeting.
A man has been arrested in Jamui district of Bihar on Tuesday for allegedly spreading false news through a video on social media. They are from Tamil Nadu, police said.
“In 2023, there will be no government that can rule alone, but there will be a coalition government and I know that the HSPDP will also be able to join the government. our candidates will have many winners".
While these 33 persons were waiting for the time for the officials from Delhi to arrive to hold the elections, while they were sitting in their offices, their officials arrived and there were lines of guts who came. Nalin Kohli, Mahesh Giri, Chairman and Ranjit Mazumder.
“Also present on the occasion were the Waheh Shnong, Ummulong, Bah Leo Laloo, Member of the Sponsoring Body, Bah Briwon Pohshna and others.
The meeting was attended by senior leaders of the UDP Umsning Circle including Dr. Donkupar Roy, President, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, Paul Lyngdoh, Working President, Titos W Chyne Working. President, Bah HS Shylla MDC from Nongkrem and other leaders of the party.
From 8 pm to 4 pm, no horn shall be broadcast throughout the district except for emergency purposes.
He said that to ensure that ASHAs are not overburdened, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has recently issued an Executive Order explaining the duties of Medical Officers, Mid Level Health Care Providers and ANMs in all areas where there are shlems are advised to visit more often the villages and to improve the services to the people.
She said that the police are only in Shillong because they have not gone to the border areas to protect them but most of the people are more attached to the civil society.
Graftiss Roy Kshiarngap, 53, of Thangsning, died at HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong, Norjen Wahlang, 85, of Umphyrnai, died at Bethany Hospital, Shillong. Jethro M Sangma (69) of Matchakolgre, Tura, died at home and Bu Gashnga (68) of Bakur, died at home and was taken to Dawki. PHC.Shillong: Several children were injured in an incident in Siejlieh village, Nongstoin under West Khasi Hills District. A body was found lying on a small tree near the river.
The Dobar Sor shall ensure the conduct of affairs relating to the whole city, not only to the village.
“In the earlier meetings between the 13 parties and the government to discuss the issue of mynder, when the SK Jain's Committee brought forward the proposal on the Entry/Exit points in the state, the AJYWO Since then, it has not accepted the proposal of the SK Jain Committee and has asked Mukul Sangma to send its own list of entry/exit points in Jaintia Hills.
The HNLC also reminded that the 4th of June is the day to commemorate the surrender and selflessness of Syiem Tirot and his troops, who declared war against the Dohlieh just because the Dkhars. (non-tribals) who worked on the road at that time insulted the women, children and women.
The group of two-wheeler drivers, who used to set up a parking lot every day in Motphran, on Saturday, met at Jaiaw Madan Student to discuss the decision.
"We are free to believe what we want, but in my most sincere explanation, there is no God," he said in an article in The Telegraph, published in London.
They once again urge the youth of Sohra area to come forward and take part in this signature campaign so that the state government can listen and implement this demand. This is a great benefit for us young people who are looking for jobs in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Prakash Phawa, one of the supporters of Stephanson Mukhim, strongly condemned the allegation made by Lahkmen Rymbui against him at the election campaign rallies held at Mustem village on Friday.
In the last five years, about 3,000 youths have received support from the government in various fields.
“I didn't get a syrnod from school but Sir Gane Swar, who teaches at Mawsynram Higher Secondary School, signed it and in the midst of trouble, I signed and sealed it on that day last year.
“The lack of food such as breakfast and lunch, the lack of expensive food such as chips, pearls and smuggling will put the health of these players at risk,” he said. KSU CEC Sports Secretary Eric Nongkynrih said in a statement.
Laitlum Hitters scored 74/7 in 15 overs.
Meanwhile, the pasoh was distributed to the chiefs and foreigners.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths to
Vehicles carrying goods shall not carry more than 30 tonnes.
He said that this scheme has not only built school buildings but also provided training to teachers, school facilities, and also provided training to the youth in entrepreneurship so that they can and thou shalt stand upon thy feet.
RL Blah said the union has received information that about 70 people who went for treatment in Vellore in Tamil Nadu have been stranded and have found it difficult to get temporary accommodation.
Jowai, March 23: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North Jowai.
Formalin is a colorless liquid that looks like water and contains formaldehyde and pungent gases which are harmful to humans.
At the time of writing, two of the four arrested in connection with the extortion case were minors.
KHNAM, which took part in the meeting of all political parties convened by Mukul Sangma, today expressed its anger over the refusal to implement the ILP. President Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the meeting was held after the Prime Minister insisted that the ILP should not be implemented in the state as demanded by other political parties and civil society groups. yet.
"Hep, how shall we do this..." asked the Kthaw. "Ap Pa, I'll call my father first..." Hep said, "Let's do that..." The Kthaw agreed. Lydia and her mother went. very afraid of what had happened.
The family members said that the fire trucks, which should have arrived immediately, took less than two hours to reach the Fire Brigade in Rynjah.
The disease has been reported in Maharashtra, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh, with 40 cases so far.
Many of the players in this team are young but in the way they play they are mature as evidenced by their ability to showcase the standard of play in a beautiful manner.
Curfew has been imposed in five districts of Manipur last night following clashes in Imphal, Churachandpur and Kangpokpi.
Anil said the prime minister's office is the largest in the country.
The main objective is for children who have dropped out of school, youth who are skilled but unemployed, talented youth who are unemployed and others. even.
The most common disease diagnosed by doctors is known as Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia.
Tender arrived home at 6:15 pm while Edward arrived at 6:30 pm and their arrival time was only 15 minutes apart.
Langsning have played seven matches so far in this tournament besides home and away matches.
"On the part of the Working President of WJDSA, EMH Passah, he said that the passing away of Pait is a great loss to Jowai and the union. .Fight.
The cost of the Western By Pass Project is only Rs 800 crore while the land cost is Rs 1200 crore.
The elderly, the young and the children came to encourage Bah Ardent.
“We are happy to have the opportunity to donate blood and we also thank the AJVBDO for leading this blood donation to help the people in need,” said Franky Joshua.
And if you feel too much that the Khasi day of rest coincides with the Christian day, please go to your own Christian country and please don't try to attack our Khasi people. There is no such thing as a day of trouble.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has received many complaints from the parents of the students regarding the promotion of schools without teachers. In other schools, the government has appointed one teacher in each school but in Saipung, not a single teacher has been appointed.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : Once again, the Catholic Church, especially those of the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah, have turned out to take part in the 100th Procession of Mary on Sunday.
“The Executive Committee has decided to continue the implementation of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act to prevent foreigners from trading within the KHADC, whether small or large. and those who do not have a Trading License will be sent away,” said Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem in an interview with the media on Thursday.
From the very beginning, the farmer should decide whether the product he produces is intended to be exported only to Shillong or abroad.
“The right to vote is the right to live, but only about 50 years ago we got our own state, we became slaves in our own country, because Up to 60 percent of Garo will be employed in MPSC, only 20 percent of Khasi Jaintia and 20 percent of General.
“These good deeds of this Missionary have come to light after the Diamond Jubilee of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning. Michael Balawan is one of the Missionaries who founded this school for the development of education in Ri Bhoi.
After testing, 77 grams of marijuana was confirmed.
There will be three categories, including the elite group (men and women), Meghalaya-specific for 45-to-55 years old, for 55-year-olds. and for those who want to have a fun run.
Sadly, the doctors say that it is an incurable disease.
Traditional culture competitions, concerts, musical performances should also be held and encourage the youth to be proud of themselves.
Speaking on the development of sports facilities, the CM said that in the last five years, since 2018, the government has spent more than T.400 crore compared to the past 45 years.
Shillong: The 1st Kyrsoh Lamin Memorial Trophy Tournament 2018-19 will be held at the Nongbareh Lyntiar Football Ground from 14th November
The new cases include EGH: 10, EJH: 13, EKH: 244, NGH: 06, RBD: 45, SGH: 06, SWGH: 02, SWKH: 23, WGH: 109, WJH: and WKH: 62.
Be prepared to pray for anything that happens.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ri-Bhoi District Congress Secretary Meralbon Syiem said that Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar has not yet come to buy tickets from the party. yes because there is still time.
He said the reason why Leshka cannot generate electricity is because the project there has to rely only on rainfall.
These include the foundation stone laying day, opening day and implementation day of the scheme.
In the U14 Girls category, St. John's Secondary School Jyntru won the title of Best Team in the U14 Girls category after winning two gold medals. Raid Nongbri Presbyterian Secondary School Umsaw Nongbri won the best team in the U14 Girls category after winning two gold medals. St. Paul Higher Secondary School Nongpoh won the title of Best Team in the U16 Boys category after winning three gold medals. St. Joseph Secondary School Umden won the best team in the U18 Girls category after winning three gold medals. St. Joseph Secondary School Umden won the title of overall champion after playing well and winning three gold medals.
On the anger of the people against Home Minister James K Sangma for his inability to curb the smuggling of coal, the Chief Minister said it is the feeling of the people that he has no control over the feelings. their.
Tomorrow it will kill the policies and taking decisions without thinking will further delay the Corporation which will affect the people of Meghalaya in the future.
China, on the other hand, has demanded that India move further back in parts of Pangong Lake.
The moon landing was the beginning of the space age, after Russia and the United States had been working together for about 40 years.
They informed the Magistrate that the NHAI toll gate at Lumshnong should be removed immediately because within 50 KM the NHAI has installed two gates without considering the problems of the people of East and West Jaintia.
On the delay in the completion of the project, Prestone said that there are many reasons for the delay from the land acquisition process where some are willing to provide land and some are reluctant to provide land. The Government together with the district authorities have to explain many times and persuade them to provide land and then arrangements can be made to build the projects.
“The NPP candidate has promised to improve the market and provide jobs to the people but you have been in power for decades and you have not been able to do anything for the Nongstoiñ market. Many vendors are sitting and covering themselves with plastic. Don't you see these sufferings of them? You have promised something that your hand doesn't have, so do what your hand doesn't have. said Mr. Nonglong.
Furthermore, the Mawhati Circle has already issued a notice to give one or two days to the Forest Department to clarify along with the rules and regulations, the precautions of proper action, including the If you don't get a proper explanation from the Forest Department, you can appeal to the court.
According to information received, the Jorabat Police Outpost, after receiving a tip on the intention of the people who intended to smuggle marijuana, conducted a search operation. At 10 pm, police have seized a Zen vehicle number ML 10 C 9707 and during the search, police have seized 40 kilos of heroin and arrested 2 persons. sit in this car.
Every country is looking for ways to improve and promote stable governance because the systems of governance have also deteriorated.
The shopkeepers don't have anything to eat.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Allan is one of the leaders in the development of tourism in the state and especially in the Sohra area.
Because each and every villager must verify whether the foreigner has the necessary documents before he can rent a house, rent a shop or even call a day laborer.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun expressed his satisfaction to see that the people of the area have understood the work of the NPP party. These past 4 years have been tireless to bring about many development projects in the Constituency as a whole to bring about changes in relation to development projects.
Jyrwa said that although the Act has been released to be implemented in the states covered by the Inner Line Permit (ILP) including Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur as well as in the states under the Inner Line Permit (ILP). The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India covers 98% of the votes in Meghalaya, 70% in Tripura and 8 districts of Assam, but in 27 districts of Assam no They have been released and who pose a serious threat to the Northeast as a whole in the coming days.
“Although the UDP has done better than the elections in 2018, as a party although we expected to win many to lead the government, but we have to respect the decision of the people, we have to accept what. he said and added that from now on as an organization they will continue to work and strengthen.
Speaking to reporters by telephone, Nickman Marak, Chairman of GSMC, said that after the end of the strike, a short meeting was held in which it was decided to strengthen the Furthermore, the relationship with all groups demanding their own state, especially with the small states in the North East of India, such as the demand for Tripraland by the people of Tripura, Garoland by the people. Garo, Khasi Jaintia State and Khasi, Gurkha land and Gurkha and others.
The song was composed by Evan Swer and Nick Don and played on drums and bass by Victoria Bialic and David Huges.
Shillong, Nailar 4: Former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has rejected the PDF's allegation against the ARPA on the destruction of the Khasi Heritage Village (KHV). It has also dissolved the Khasi Heritage Management Committee.
The Assam government has claimed that the school was bombed by robbers from Mizoram. Mizoram has alleged that this was the act of robbers from Assam with the intention of getting support from the school. government of India.
“There is no basis for the allegation of Bah Rowel,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Therefore, the police and law enforcement authorities of the United States have charged the woman under the provisions of the law this time for the negligence and recklessness of the woman, and said that she may be doing it because you don't want to have children.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday decided to contest the 2023 MLA elections alone by refusing to cooperate with the BJP despite being in the coalition government. Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Speaking to reporters on the various decisions approved by the Cabinet, the Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this training is to officers from IAS, IPS, IFS, MCS, MPS, MFS and other officers to gain more knowledge in their working methods by studying through various online courses including I went to IIM Shillong.
On the other hand, he said the time has come to announce that Meghalaya is one of the states that can attract tourists.
There has been no statement from the government, the district authorities and the police have refused to comment on the incident.
In a small class it doesn't work big.
Although he is not a candidate in this election, he is more famous than Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate. also at the same time.
After discussion with the CoRP leaders, the elders said that the problem faced by the people in the trade and disease is only because the village does not have adequate roads where they have to trade. The road constructed by the PWD department is a handful and vehicles cannot pass except trucks or jeeps.
At the Final Football, the Association has also announced to invite all the registered clubs from the North East (Pomlum Wahrew, Umsyiem, Nongkwai, Tishang and Nongjri). The Association will start the Football League
On the other hand, the Branch Manager said that there are many delays in the work, but he promised before the leaders of the union that he will take action to carry out the work smoothly like other banks.
The storm has caused damage to many houses including crops.
The Union has vowed to send a complaint to the Central Government on this issue as it said that the Corporation can also complain to the Central Government.
Therefore, we need to try the good things from within the household and look forward to the outside world.
Congress MP Rahul Gandhi has demanded a Caste Census and the immediate implementation of women's allocation.
In a letter sent to the Director General, Bah Bindo said that this illegal activity of the BSF should be prosecuted under Section 302 of the IPC and it is the responsibility of the state police. He said that this action of the BSF has affected the family of this man who has two young children because he is the breadwinner. “It is up to the BSF to pay the compensation to the house of this man,” he said.
UDP President Dr Donkkupar Roy said the party has decided not to nominate Bah Pius Marwein as its candidate and has no other opinion on this.
The woman, who tested positive for COVID-19 after giving birth, was admitted to Nongtalang CHC on the 23rd of this month and on the 26th of this month she was shifted to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for delivery.
When the prayers are over, the Duhulia play the ksing risa and stand together to shout risa 9 Sien 9 wat.
During the raid, the troops arrested all three robbers and seized two single barrel 12 bore guns from their bodies.
Christmas celebrations were also held at the police station.
New Delhi: The coronavirus pandemic has caused many changes in the dress code of women.
When asked, he said the party will consider between 10 and 15 constituencies where it has candidates who can win the election.
Of course they wear PPE suits, but it’s the vaccine that gives them courage.
Now it is up to the people's leaders from the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills to fight against this powerful act of the government.
East Khasi Hills SP Mariahom Kharkrang said Dr Kalam suddenly collapsed while giving a speech at IIM, Shillong at 6.30 pm and was rushed to hospital.
He promised that the state will achieve the target set by the central government.
HYC President Robert June Kharjarin, who led the rally, said the CBI should register a case in Mukroh.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 7: Many villages in the border areas have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
Therefore, the union demands that the railway line should be suspended immediately, recalling that it has been four years since the resolution was sent by the state government to the central government. On the implementation of the ILP in the state, but no signs have been seen so far.
Lt Gen KC Panchanathan, AVSM, GOC 101 Area was also present on the occasion.
Dr SP Sen Gupta said that Dr Roberts prefers people to be treated in hospitals for complete recovery.
The Meghalaya government has warned its employees not to miss work tomorrow on the curfew called by the North East Student Organization (NESO) across the eastern part of India to strongly oppose the proposed legislation. Government to recognize and accept citizenship of Hindus, Christians, Parsis, Jains, Sikhs and Buddhists living abroad to come to India through the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
He said that the scheme through the District Council will be a great blessing to the people, who will be able to sell and buy their goods in the area and also to bring about the development of the area. Riangdo market by constructing a parking lot at this place.
Regarding multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB), Prof PK Bhattacharya, HoD Medicine, gave an example of the verbal and physical abuse of a person infected with the disease.
Continuing the training on the 7th, there was a training on nature and tourism.
Another union strongly opposes the fact that this festival has been held without any consideration for the students who have passed various examinations and this shows that this government does not have a real responsibility for the future. that children read.
In the second half, Rangdajied managed to break through the strong defense of Rymbai where Aibiangmame Nongneng scored the second goal for Rangdajied. Rangdajied in the 70th minute of the first half.
Dr LR Bishnoi, said that in the fight against drugs, in the last 10 years alone, the police have registered more than 130 cases, which is higher than the and other years that passed.
“If you want to change or add anything to the policy, you have to justify it according to the law.
It is to be recalled that this is the 25th Synod Rangbah of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod which has celebrated its 25th anniversary or the Silver Jubilee of the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh, District. Khat-ar Eastern Lyngdoh of Ri Bhoi Eastern Presbytery, when this service started on 15th October 2023 and ended today at Madan NSCA Pahamsyiem Nongpoh on the theme, “Lead us Lord ".
According to sources, the incident happened while Nokma and his wife were sleeping in their house, when the robbers, who had about 5 people (and 3 of them They also seized firearms such as pistols) who came to their residence in Riangchi.
Goyal said alcohol leads to theft and other crimes that can lead to mistakes.
Also Read: BJP to discuss illegal appointment in JHADC Also Read: MDCs receive ₹4 crore from JHADC fund, while employees lose salary for 6 months: Andrew Dangshen The EC led by Thombor Shiwat has allegedly misused the SAG funds to pay salaries to the council employees with the SAG funds. Police Station above.
“If the Congress has not done anything in the last 45 years, why should they oppose us when we can provide assistance to churches and religious groups besides those who are still in the traditional religion,” he said.
The boundary of the land is not even for the owner, when the father and mother give the land, he shall not give it to the owner of the land.
In this incident, the Police and BSF troops have strongly guarded the office of the Deputy Commissioner to avoid any damage to the office of the protesters. the public.
Opus Production and the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project have also worked together to promote the festival. also to pick strawberries from the farms in the village and also the presence of shops selling strawberries, wine, umsoh and various food items.
Rohit Shah and Ravi Teja scored 66 runs in the first innings, but Shah fell in the 13th over and was replaced by Yadav for 18 runs off nine balls. Meghalaya scored 88/1 in 14.5 overs and Teja scored 36 runs without losing a wicket.
The incident took place at Kikwata in Bishnupur district and at Kangwai in Churachanpur district.
Dukini Kyndiah (31), resident of Dulong, Jowai, has passed the IAS examination in the past few days and is the only one from Meghalaya to have passed the examination. .
When asked whether the VPP accepts the government's blueprint, Ardent said, “We have not said that we accept and approve the blueprint 100 percent but we accept the government's efforts to relocate them because the government has not decided to leave them on the street but has prepared a place to relocate them.
South Korea's Kim Young Gwon scored in the 90+2 minute and Son Young Hmin in the 90+6 minute. Andreas Grancvist in the 62nd minute and Edson Alvarez in the 74th minute.
Hek said two BSF personnel have recovered today and the total number of recoveries has risen to
However, the choice of foods such as chips are not available, while burgers and pizzas are what can affect the appetite.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President and Secretary of Young XI Sports Club, Jaiaw, Bah Ban Shanpru and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang, Bah Tishalding Kharkongor.
It is shocking to see that on Facebook I have criticized the Dorbar Shnong without knowing the truth while in an interview on Batesi TV I said that it is a call for the Dorbar to arrest them.
In the Under-18 Boys category, Lastly Suchiang of Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (683 points) won the second prize while Samery Dkhar of Sham Sham Secondary School won the second prize (503 points).
They demanded that the government should turn its attention to the area to improve and repair the road, so that the people can avoid the problems in coming and going.
They also demanded that it is necessary to take measures to prevent such incidents from happening again, and to ensure that the safety of the students is the most important thing in all. conducting various examinations.
As the new leaders of the party, what we want and desire is to provide a fair and orderly service in accordance with the principles of the party in public administration.
We don't want the road in Shillong to be like a hole, heavy and far from all the places that come to Shillong while when they reach Shillong they rush like the owner of a small hole and they are not shy.
East Jaintia Hills Police on Saturday received a tip that a man named Altaf Hussain has recently received illegal goods and placed them in his shop. Your house is in the city of Dkhiah.
The construction of the church building has been going on quickly after the rain stopped.
The meeting was conducted by OR Shallam President Seinraij and was enriched by the presence of the Sein Khasi Mawlai, Seinraij Shillong and other villages in Jowai.
As citizens, we have a duty to do our utmost to ensure that all salonsar follow these rules.
Raphael Warjri, founder of the RITI Academy of Visual Arts, said that besides being a bodybuilder, Langpen is also a skilled painter.
The incident happened on Tuesday night, when the two men and a woman, went to the pump in a Ford number AS-01AJ-1 They filled up the vehicle with petrol at a cost of T.3800 per petrol, but after filling up the vehicle, they fled the pump without paying or talking to them. workers inside the pump.
Because of course the age and years of those who apply will increase and they will lose their job opportunities.
This is the shisha of the victory.
Andrew said that the goal of the union from now on, when the Coronavirus has disappeared, will strive to turn its eyes to the youth, by trying to encourage them from the beginning. They are young and when they have discovered their talents, they will be trained to become the best athletes of the state and to take part in the major sports tournaments in the region, the country or even others. other types of lympung.
Taking the first innings, Nongpdeng CC set a target of 172 runs and reached the end of 20 overs with eight wickets out.
The President of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA), Bah Stalyne H.Diengdoh in his speech expressed his special thanks to all the participants of the competition. return with rewards and also with healthy bodies through the peaceful care of the Lord from above.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Former Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Bah James Joy Khongmawloh, on Tuesday demanded that the District Council should hold another election in the Raid. He alleged that there were many violations of the rules and regulations in the recent elections.
Other demands include EPF, ESI, bonus, overtime pay and monthly salary according to the law.
The Indian Catholic Youth Movement North East (ICYM-NE) under the auspices of the North Eastern Regional Youth Commission (NERYC) led by the Religious Women and Men would like to thank the donors who have contributed to many projects. physically and spiritually to organize this successful and fruitful gathering of the youth of the Catholic Church in the North East.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the authorities in charge of the timber factories should take action by conducting raids on these illegal factories and it cannot be said that the number of factories It brings about economic development, but if they cannot do it according to the rules of law, because through these illegal logging factories, it also brings about the widespread deforestation and destruction of the Mei. Mary, he added.
The Zo-Re Organization (ZORO) from Aizawl, which demands that all Zo groups should be under one rule, on Tuesday held a meeting and expressed its views. They have refused to accept the decision of the central government to mark the 1643 kilometer long Indian border with Myanmar in parts of the 510 kilometer long Mizoram border.
At the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma also announced Bah Alvin K. Sawkmie as the candidate of the NPP for the upcoming MDC elections. Mawsynram Constituency.
Curcumin: Shynrai is a rich source of polyphenol curcumin and can provide many health benefits.
The match was taken to extra time, where both teams failed to score and when it came to the tie breaker, Assam Rifles Public School through the skill. of the team to win the match 5-4
Bahnah also immediately got up and looked at the clock and saw that it was five o'clock.
“They have passed laws on the names of the people, they have passed laws on the Parliamentary Secretaries who have to resign individually without the permission of the High Court.
“The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth” (Psalm 145:18). God bless you, Amen.
“The payment is taken when they sell from the market to the buyers.
Earlier, the CM of Meghalaya said that this meeting is part of the process to discuss these issues so that it will help both the states to get a better understanding.
On the other hand, the Principal said that he does not know exactly who is doing the work because he has just arrived.
The decision to end the alliance with the BJP was taken at an emergency meeting between the AIADMK leaders, MPs and MLAs. The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the AIADMK and the Leader of the Party. In Tamil Nadu, Edappadi K. Palaniswami.
Therefore, the Land Vendors Association, MGSPHSVA together with the Urban Department invites the land vendors to come to the office of the Urban Department.
Or in other words, if on the night of the first full moon of October the morning hour is equal to the evening hour which is twenty-four hours according to the modern calendar, so too can He said that the image of Mawsngi shows that the ancient Khasi calendar may have been forty-seven hours, which refers to the fifteen hours of the morning and the fifteen hours of the night.
In the previous OM, Garo from outside the state were also allowed to fill these vacancies.
The Israeli army and Israel paid tribute to Liberman and her 11 colleagues.
Justice (Retd.) Vaiphei said that the lawyers for the Government of Meghalaya, Assam and the residents of Mukroh have investigated the witness sent by the State.
Kitdor Majaw scored 44 runs from 34 balls for Friends United while Nangshai Nongpluh of Mawryngkneng CC took three wickets for 16 runs in four overs. In the second innings, Mawlong CC won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 159 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.3 overs. Bantei Soh Malngiang scored 27 runs from 14 balls and Ritchie Diengdoh scored 26 runs from 17 balls.
Before the training, a short meeting was held by Arminius C Lipon, Waheh Chnong of Pynthorlangtein.
As a discussion, let us try to turn back once again to preserve our culture and not just follow the example of others, although it is difficult for us to follow them exactly, but let us remember one thing. “I am not perfect, I am imperfect, but let us strive for perfection by putting before us the word, “Love your neighbor as yourself.” ".
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has informed that the Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY), Priority Household (PHH) and Non-NFSA quota of rice for the month of July, 2021 has been released to all Wholesalers for doorstep delivery to all FP shop center from 2 nd July, 2021– 15 July, 2021.
There is a need to review the non-government universities in the state to prevent mismanagement.
Dear, These are the fraudsters, the banks, I don't know if they have agents.
According to information received, the incident happened on Sunday at 12 noon while everyone was going to church, but due to the fall of an electrical sign on a snepkor sheet, the child died. The 3-year-old child, who was playing in the field, fell on the slab. The mother of the child tried to help but she was caught in the slab. electrical boarding in the house.
The KSU said that most of these factories publish advertisements in the newspapers of Assam and Bihar and this shows that these factories are treating the indigenous people who are looking for jobs unfairly.
BSF troops patrolling in Nongskhen, East Khasi Hills after witnessing the smuggling of cows on the border with Bangladesh through a forest by cow traders, the BSF immediately went to confront the traders. The cows fled and left the cows in the area.
He said that about 200 Hindu pilgrims had left for Mawjymbuin today but they had followed the rules and regulations laid down by the village authorities and civil society organizations.
This is how diseases and germs grow.
The people of this village are agricultural and many of them live in poverty, but they don't have the means to turn anywhere.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders were scheduled to hold a meeting and take a final decision on the nomination of the opposition leader in Karnataka on the 17th. Naiwieng, a few days after the appointment of BY Vijayendra, son of former Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa, as the party's chief leader in the state.
Shillong, November 11: The Acting Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, Bah B. Ora, has lodged a complaint against him with the EM of KHADC. Pastor GLP Gadew of KJP Synod launched a book entitled “Shidorjon ki Khubor Christmas” written by the teachers of Synod College. Christmas celebration was held at the college in the presence of the Principal, teachers and students.
“Yes, Papa,” said Hep. “Tell your mother too so that we can think about how to deal with your relationship with Lydia,” said Father.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today extended the curfew in Delhi for another 10 months until 5 pm on 3rd June The number of cases of coronavirus in the state has increased rapidly.
“We don't know about their household, but we know only the Syiem Rangbah, in a household with 10 children we know only the father if the father says so and if the 10 children “If you write a letter to the Hima Mylliem, you will give the address to the Syiem Rangbah and not to the Syiem Khin,” said Bah Khongwir. to others.
Noting that the Government has worked hard to introduce its own curriculum in the State as soon as possible, Rakkam said, “Once we have our own curriculum, MBoSE, DERT and the Ministry of Education The schools will publish their own supplementary books, taking chapters from the NCERT books according to the needs of the State”.
It is an inspiration to expand this service, so that the best health support for some of the most remote and difficult areas in the state can be achieved,” said Prime Minister.
police are conducting investigation.
Not only that, but to also look after the social welfare and income of many churches and salonsar.
Babu FC Shullai, in his speech, said that those who speak lies still have a right while those who speak lies to buy Heaven have no rights.
A fence (made of lyntang and dieng pynar) used for collecting and throwing the skum of rice into manure.
However, we know that all the posts will not have enough data until 2022 as the results and notifications of the MPSC do not show the category-wise break-up of those appointed in the years 1972-2
We also thank the doctors, nurses of Supercare Hospital, Shillong and the press and media.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction to see that Jaïaw Langsning Village has improved in many ways over the years.
Therefore, this meeting to discuss climate change is really important for India and the world.
These are just examples, but most of the procedures are like this, as it is impossible to list them all here.
According to the Gospels, in his struggle to rebuild society, Jesus performed many miracles and wonders.
The farmers who attended the meeting also discussed how to overcome these problems.
“If we Christians in Meghalaya think that these attacks on Christians in other states do not affect us because they do not happen in our state, then we are mistaken,” said Bah Pyrtuh.
The RBYF and its members, including the President of the 12th Shnong Circle, Bah Ialam Lamarai, visited the office today. ha Umsning, to close down the office according to the end of the term of the union, because the absence of the BDO has affected the people who came to need the office in the past months.
Not only that, according to the incident, if the Government of India does not continue to provide assistance to these District Councils every year, it is just an acid test for the leaders who do not see far to move from one house to another. Nongstoiñ, March 08: A 45-year-old woman from Lyngdoh Masi, Lyngdoh Masi, has been elected to the MLA election. Mairang Police Station, West Khasi Hills District, has alleged that she was shot, beaten and tortured by two women who are also mothers and children.
In a statement, the union said that the contractor has not yet been sent to construct the road, as he has ignored many of the requirements contained in the Detailed Project Report (DPR).
On the other hand, the HNYF Northern Region, through its Assistant Secretary, Bah Donroy Kshiar, said that the HNYF from Ri Bhoi District also supports the President to become the leader of the HNLC to reach the table. The party will also be with Bah Sadon K.Blah to be the ksiang as the party also supports for the bringing of peace and stability and the welfare of the people in the state. Meghalaya.
In Ranikor, Pius Marweiñ of the UDP defeated MM Dango by 3043 votes.
New Delhi, July 30: Ka Jayanthi Nata Rajan, a senior leader of the Congress party, who has been a member of the party for more than 30 years, has announced her resignation from the Congress party.
Furthermore, what is more shocking is that this contract was signed on the basis of a tender notice which has been delayed for more than 10 years and is no longer illegal but only to benefit this powerful contractor and to involve the leaders of the company. we have this illegal contract.
I have written to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma to immediately close the gate by the Government or by the law, otherwise the protests will become worse.
On the 2nd of this month, Secondwell A Sangma of SF-10, lodged a complaint with the police that while he was on duty in Mawkhar, Shillong, about 1000 people were arrested. They attacked him between 4:30 and 5:00 pm and tied him with a rod from behind with the intention of killing him. He was injured. The victim was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital.
This morning, after the arrival of the police at the house, they decided to break open the door of the toilet to recover the body of the man.
When asked about the VPP's demand to amend the Reservation Policy, he said, “As of now, the meeting is to discuss the roster system so we will discuss first and how to proceed on this”.
The district will benefit the government employees and provide assistance to the poor.
This is out of 145 projects allocated to the states of the North East worth T.3392.99 crore as on 7th November
He also informed them that it is necessary for them to go to other states to get information on how the farmers are in other states. Delhi to learn more about the benefits of farmers.
He expressed his satisfaction that the dreams and dreams of the people of this area have been fulfilled and he hopes that this hospital will be able to provide better services to the people of this area. people who need medical assistance.
In handing over the Sanad, the CEM congratulated the full Sirdar of the Elaka after winning the election as arranged by the KHADC. The CEM urged the Sirdar to look after the hima according to the customs and traditions.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the District Council Affairs (DCA) on Thursday called a meeting of all three Autonomous District Councils to discuss the use of digital technology in the district. part of keeping land records in their respective areas.
“If we had the opportunity to prepare another report, we would have changed everything and invited the border guards but this has been done on the basis of the 2011 report. “We are talking only about 23 villages and 21 villages to be established in Meghalaya”.
Ardent also asked why such intimidation by Assam is happening in the border areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the remand of former CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum for violating the order of the High Court.
Shillong, July 7: Meghalaya Police have arrested 174 members of various rebel groups in Garo Hills including those from Assam as members of the ULFA from November to November
On the technical side, Bah Aiborlang Wanswett, Senior Director (IT) & Scientist F, National Informatics Centre, Meghalaya, Shillong, presented the paper 'Digital Technologies for Sustainable Development.
According to the website, Ma Vincent Pala, MP of Shillong Lok Sabha, has taken part in 32 debates as a member of the Lok Sabha and then asked 264 questions to the Shillong Lok Sabha. Four Private Member Bills were passed and the attendance was 92 percent.
Whether it is in bringing good roads, highways, health, education, agriculture and others, which God has given me to do,” he said. to Momin.
Shillong, July 16: The earthquake and natural disasters in the past 24 hours have prompted the government to appoint Regional Committees to look into the damage across the districts of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms. VA Hynniewta said that the program is of great benefit to the children especially in the rural areas to get education and education and is also developing the district. education and the goal of becoming an Aspirational District.
The Gauhati High Court has decided.
The Awaken India Movement, the National Movement of India in Meghalaya, led by Samla Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman, will hold a meeting on the 14th of July. "to express clearly in relation to "Unite Meghalaya in the name of Democracy"
God had a new covenant with Israel, and that is, “This is My covenant with them (Israel) when I take away their sins” (Romans 11:27).
However, he said he did not want to be accepted as an MDC in order to contribute to the EC. “I have many points to suggest to the EC especially regarding the proposal Amendment to the EC. 6th Scheduled is not required by the Central Government,” he said.
The Sports Club has informed that if any children are interested, they can arrive at Nongthymmai Stadium at 8:30 pm and bring their own boots and shoes. white dress.
He said that despite this increase in unemployment, the department has taken steps to save the creation of job opportunities and employment of the youth.
Exactly 430 years have passed since the Israelites left Egypt.
Ri Bhoi SP CVS Reddy said the truck drivers had blocked the Guwahati-Shillong road with stones and burnt tires but after the district authorities and police arrived, they were able to stop.
The match between Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu was a very friendly match from the first half to the second half. ended in a 0-0 draw.
He said that these people do not have the financial strength but whatever is necessary will be done to collect their small strength and turn it into a big strength through cooperatives and connect them with income opportunities. .
There are 4047 and 13679 teachers in non-government schools including Adhoc and Deficit schools in the state.
He said the incident of shooting by the Assam Police in Mukroh on 22/11 is wrong and how dare they enter Mukroh to take lives.
This has also happened in that part of Syria where many people are still suffering since the outbreak of the civil war in Syria where many people have been killed and displaced from their families. young relative.
This is to inform you that Ma Phrin Pohthmi alias Ma War I of Ladrymbai Datsimpein, East Jaintia Hills has passed away on .
The award was presented by the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D) of the Government of India under the Home Ministry which was established in 1970 with the aim of maintaining the police force across the country.
Among the bowlers, Maremdor was the top scorer for WJH with four runs in 4.1 overs.
However, he said that it should be expedited as soon as possible and in the coming years, there is no doubt that the government will upgrade Maweit PHC to CHC. Other schemes he has received from the government include the allocation of funds for the construction of a new road from Nongdaju to Dorangre, the construction of bridges on the road from Shallang to Riangdim and many other schemes. Within six months of his tenure as MLA, the schemes he has implemented in the constituency have reached more than Rs 75 crore.
According to the information received, the shops have been divided into 15 circles in the state.
Prasanta Tapadhar, who works as a manager in a factory, was abducted by gunmen from his residence in Rongsa Awe on the night of 2nd June
However, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram did not decide to dissolve but was refused recognition by the Seng Kmie.
However, we must love our beloved KHASI country no matter what these struggles are.
She said that this is only to defame Rap's Departmental Store and his family by some private individuals.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the driver of the vehicle, who is from Umpathaw village, said that the place where he wanted to go (Umtrai), which is only a few kilometers away, was only because of the bad road. , it made them not take up many many hours.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on Thursday announced that the containment has been lifted in the villages of Mairang Mission and Umthied Bynther.
Shillong: A truck has fallen into the Umngot River today.
In the final of the men's (U-14), H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School scored the first goal through Ricky Kharkongor in the 1st minute.
The Sordar of Nongla, Bah Director Massar, said that he personally as the Sordar wants to visit Pynursla and said that the people also have the same feeling but he said that he will have to gather. The Sordar of Mawsiangei, Bah Pahuh Massar, has expressed the same feeling as the Sordar of Nongla. but the final decision will have to be taken by the people to make it official at the dorbar which he will convene soon.
On the women's side, West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills have qualified for the semi finals.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MB Tongper, ADC and CEO of the District Disaster Management Authority, Ri Bhoi District, expressed his satisfaction that the scheme has been implemented. to have the knowledge to take those precautions in case of any disaster whether it is flood, fire, earthquake and other disasters.
“The shooting competitions include 10m rifles & pistol, 25m pistol, 50m rifle open sight & peep sight and 50m pistol for men and women.
“How is it possible when they’ve been there for 160 years? We would like to remind the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that we have been living here since 1863 and we have documents under the name and seal of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
On the other hand, the Government of Meghalaya wants this issue to be resolved in a manner that is acceptable to the people of the state without any discrimination.
For if you give birth to a woman, you must give birth to a husband.
“They are robbers, people steal money,” said Mohendro Rapsang.
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President HYC West Khasi Hills District, was the chief guest in the presence of the office bearers of Mawsngapwir Sports Club and others. to the prize.
When Bah Shanbor announced these measures, all the people applauded.
The head is filled with fear and anxiety about these things that happen in human life on earth.
Such activities, jobs, trade, income generation are without 'destruction' or 'destruction' of the Mother Earth.
This is the most terrible fire because a loud noise was heard from the blast of lightning.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Wilfred said that he doesn't have much knowledge of the Khasi language, because he went to English school but in matriculation he got distinction because he spelled lyndet.
For the Tura seat, it is not yet possible to nominate a candidate from the UDP or other parties within the MDA, as they do not have any seats in Garo Hills.
The Jala Tower in the Gaza Strip was bombed and Israel reportedly warned in advance that it would bomb the building.
It is learned that before the university appeared in the media, the PolyTechnic had a plan to take over the building which it had given away for its own use.
After that, I didn't have the opportunity to go and come and go with him, although I used to sit at his house in Riatsamthiah, to talk about this and that, but he used to tell me to sit. , when you have more time.
They also said that the village leaders of the area will cooperate with the contractor to prevent any recurrence of problems on the construction of the road.
Therefore, the synjuk invites all those from near and far to witness this celebration as a sign of participating in the welcome of the New Year.
The reconnaissance survey and prospecting have been conducted for a long time under the supervision of UCIL. and in Nongjri, in the border of Nangkulang.
The couple have two children, Sulaiman and Kasim, who returned to Britain with their mother after Goldsmith and Khan's divorce.
Subject Matter Expert Committees may be set up to work with other Ministers in charge of this work in the States to bring about the detailed implementation of the provisions for each snapshot of the Policy. in a transparent manner with different levels.
She said that the Minister of Labour, Ampareen Lyngdoh has helped to help by including the domestic workers to get the bill according to the government's price but this has not helped completely as the needs are many.
The Rangbah Shnong of Maikhuli, who is also one of the former village leaders of Maikhuli, said that he passed away this morning at 10:00 am. 2 o'clock either.
The shortage of employment in the state, as announced on 12th July, 1972, is based on population.
Of these, 10,94,947 are males, 11,22,150 are females and three are Third Gender.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynshngain N Syiem said, “There is no one who can fight over the water. the land, the shyiap, the excise, the judgment, but we didn't think about that in the past.
When you meet them again, you will feel that God's people are still in this wicked world.
However, the Speaker of the House, Piyush Goyal, alleged that the Opposition had insulted and spoken disrespectfully to the Speaker.
In his opening remarks as the chief guest, Bah Rymbui encouraged and encouraged the participants in the training by saying that all of them have devoted their talents and ability to think and understand.
The people have the right to health and this is one of the goals of the Central Government, but if the State Government cannot provide or take care of this need, the people will not be able to achieve it. marïang is healthy.
In a meeting with the ADC on the road, the union said that the NHAI can no longer take over and the government should turn to the NHIDCL to repair and improve the road.
It also outlines the country’s goals for all-round growth and development.
Shillong: There have been 41 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, of which 33 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills.
By giving vaccination, even if we get this disease, it saves us from going to hospitals and from dying.
“In the end, it is self-confidence and trust in the players of the region and now they have brought joy by entering the Elite Group.
“It is a matter that has gone on, and it is not the responsibility of the state government, it is the responsibility of the Central Government and we have already sent information to them. forward in different areas and different rules and different discussions can be had with different groups from the Federal Government, from the State Government and from their side and we will assess how to proceed," he said.
We cannot say that religious extremists are found in all walks of life, in political parties and even in the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima.
During the meeting, they said that they will go to Delhi to talk to the Central Government to set up a department to look after only the District Councils so that the work related to the District Councils can go smoothly. .
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, who is the national convener of the AAP, will also attend the wedding ceremony.
Dear friend, I remember three years ago you told me that there is no God in the world and that the belief that there is a God is just a superstition.
At the time, he was detained in jail in neighboring Karnataka after being arrested and thoroughly investigated by police for his involvement in crime.
Nongstoiñ, November 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Nongstoiñ constituency has increased steadily in every seat with the turnout of the people to support the party's candidate in the upcoming elections.
The residents of Narpuh area have sent a statement to the government and the district authorities and warned that if the National Highway Authority of India does not repair the road as soon as mentioned, the residents will They have resumed their protest and road blockade on the entire NH-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
In all the constituencies, the victory of the VPP is with the help of the TMC and the victory of the TMC party is with the help of the VPP but the VPP cannot be implemented in Garo Hills because in Garo Hills there is only the TMC and NPP. said Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
He said that when asked by Ridondor Lyngdoh Marshilong about the incident, he said that it is a sad and frightening thing because a girl will go to help a boy. it was difficult and immediately it became much larger than it.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Annual School Sports Meet 2022, Bah H.Staline Diengdoh said that the participation of the students reminds us of the 40 years ago. When he was in school like them, in terms of sports inside the school, he enjoyed only the March Past and March Drill.
The Union of Adhoc Teachers in Garo Hills has called a meeting on 3rd November 2021 at Asanang, Tura, West Garo Hills.
“I'm going to the market...” Rida replied. My mother asked again in a loud voice. Rida listened for a while without answering.
According to him, the implementation of the Inner Line Permit will be the first priority as this Act is a stieh that can provide full protection to the indigenous people from being invaded by the foreigners. the thor of the Ri.
Kimfa S.Marbaniang, Mawshynrut Srally Rashir.
The UDP also criticized the government for not being able to govern the state because the income of the people has declined beyond words.
The affected families should return to their homes until the decision of the court,” said UDP Shillong City General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar. of the UDP to look into the issue of land dispute in Umsawli area.
Until now, the exact cause of the incident is still unknown.
The competition was divided into Open Category and Junior Category and participants were allowed 15 minutes each and the competition lasted 7 rounds.
In the women's category, the winner went to Glorify Kurbah from Shillong who finished in 5:04:1s, while the silver and bronze medals went to Primus Ronghi of Ri-Bhoi won the gold medal in the men's High Jump in 5:13:5s and 5:20:3s respectively. Pringchang N Sangma of Williamnagar and Simeon Marak of North Garo Hills won the silver and bronze medals respectively.
The Working President of the MSOA, Bah John F. Kharshiing and Bah Finely L. Pariat, General Secretary, invited the Minister to take the time to visit the MSOA office for a detailed discussion with the Minister. To meet with all the Presidents and Secretaries of various sports associations under the umbrella of the MSOA. Bah Shakliar agreed to come to the MSOA meeting as soon as possible after the meeting. of the Meghalaya Assembly.
According to the residents of the area, their lives have been miserable due to the invasion of criminals especially after the abduction of Bah Syiemlieh and others.
Mawhati MDC and President Charles Marngar has strongly criticized the rich people who came to contest the election from Ri Bhoi District. Vincent Pala, President of the MPCC, has sent the names of four candidates for the 2023 election from Ri Bhoi District. The MPC will send them back to Delhi to be confirmed as the full candidates of the Congress Party from Ri Bhoi District.
The 69-year-old actress was accompanied by her husband, composer Javed Akhtar.
The government had planned to take the program to Mumbai, but due to urgency, they sent it to Bengaluru to showcase the soh.
In the video, the pilots said they were obeying the orders given to them.
When Nivedita Barthakur asked them, they said that she looked like a Nepali maid and her dress was different.
He said that the BJP-IPFT government, with its failure to implement development projects in Tripura, will be able to rule the state for the next 40-50 years.
Shillong: Residents of two villages in Pynursla area, have received a different kind of rice, which they say is plastic rice.
Please don't misunderstand that I am trying to discriminate against Jaidbynriew.
It is not clear why the government has taken the time to provide assistance to these families.
The Minister of Home (Police), Education and others, Lahkmen Rymbui on Thursday inaugurated the dorbar hall of Chyrmang village which has benefited from the protection of the sacred law of the village and turned it into a community. Reserve in collaboration with the Forest Department of the State Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: One person has died and three others have been seriously injured when a Sumo (MLO5K-7662) collided with another vehicle on Iewmawiong road in Laitlynkot this evening. 4 o'clock in the evening.
The Tyrsad Area Sports Association was founded in 2007 and has been recognized by the Meghalaya Football Association in 2012. it has been able to hold these tournaments without interruption.
“After we won four MLAs we don't criticize the people and we respect the people and our duty, and in the Legislative Assembly we have advocated but this government has tried to but we have said that if they do not allow us in the House, we will take to the streets and now we have started this”.
Warjri arrived in Shillong today.
As the days go by, we have been in conflict with the Government of India and the Government of Assam since the Simon Commission came to India and since the first time that Rev Nichols Roy joined politics in 1926 and was known as the Governor in Council. Until the introduction of the Government of India Act There is also a power struggle between the Federation of Khasi States led by the groups of chiefs and other leaders of the jaitbynriew and one is the Khasi Jaintia Federated. The States National Conference led by Rev. Nichols Roy, a Dkhar prajamandal party, which wants to introduce the Sixth Schedule into the Constitution of India through Article 244(2), Art 275(1) and As a nation we cannot forget these things that happened at that time and we cannot say that at that time the leaders were really brave and intelligent and they were also political intellectuals who had the skills. A vision for the future of our heritage and as a memorial and to tell the nation some of the names of the elders who fought to protect the culture, customs, traditions, heritage and Professor RR Thomas, Professor GG Swell, Olim Singh Syiem Khyrim, President of the Federation of Khasi States, Jormanik Syiem Secretary, A.S. Khongphai Assistant Judge, Sirendro Syiem, Syiem Jong Ka Hima Jirang, Rai Bahadur D Roomay, Acting Secretary Federation of Khasi States, A.Macdonald, E.M.Roy, Kong Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh, Rev.M.Ningkols. B.Khongmen and other leaders These leaders were not only brave but also intelligent and wise men whom the nation had produced at that time.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers, Bah Ransom said that he will bring forward the issues he will bring if he becomes the leader, and he cannot speak like other candidates. The NPP candidate also said that the most important issue is the unemployment of the youth.
Police have registered a case and are conducting a thorough investigation.
According to Brahma, the government provides financial assistance to sohniamtra farmers from the central and state government schemes.
He said that the Union urges the government to have a holiday for these midday meal workers so that they can rest at home during the time of illness or childbirth. “They don't get any leave and they have to work even when they are physically ill or when they are poor,” he added.
Another bus number ML01-7374 will leave Nongstoin at 6.45 pm from the parking lot at Nonbah, Nongstoin.
When inquired from the leaders of various political parties and the voters of the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, the voice that came out of them was that in the 2023 election, if anyone Those who want to contest elections unless they have billions of rupees should stay at home because they will not win anything.
This behavior of pharmacists is not only wrong but also illegal! In India, fertilizers are known as Essential Commodities under the Essential Commodities Act (ECA) of
In addition, it is necessary to monitor the refugees and the community to avoid being insulted or harassed.
Thicklang said that other members of the NPP and other parties have joined the Congress to support MPCC President Vincent H Pala who is also the MLA candidate from Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
However, the Government will not respond to this opposition.
In the budget, Conrad, who is in charge of the Finance Department, estimated that the state's revenue will be T.15,380/-, while the expenditure will be T.16,912/-.
Tengsak said that GD Shira, a physics teacher at Tura Govt.
The Waheh Shnong of Huroi, Golden Marbaniang, urged the district authorities to take action to provide assistance to these households as soon as possible to avoid a tragic incident.
While he couldn't sleep, Bah Sokon remembered the old days when he was living in his village.
Ma Lahkmen said that the education department is not an easy department and there are many problems because those who receive are still low, those who do not receive are still low, but he is pleased to say that this government It is the first time since independence that the state has been able to provide assistance to 9 Peoples Colleges or Community Colleges. .
It was also decided to lift the night curfew and those who have been injected twice will be allowed to enter bars, restaurants and cinemas.
All four dressed in black uniforms (white symbolizes purity).
Basuklang Bian scored in the 29th minute, Banteinam K Kongor in the 31st minute and Ferryson Kharir in the 67th minute.
He said that the prestige of the state in the country and in the world has been severely affected, adding that even the livelihood of the people in the state is stopped from time to time when there are such incidents. .
These include Darrang, Shnongpdeng and Dawki Elaka and the closure of entertainment venues today, to allow the public, to attend the public hearing, which aims to build a dam to ring. There is no Umngot River.
At the meeting, the Secretary General said that other problems faced by the primary teachers were pension, lack of salary and others.
The State Government, in a statement, said that it is preparing its path to move forward and bring it to the right topic and to appoint a ksiang on this issue.
However, even so, life itself has become very happy.
In the women's category, Happiness Phawa ran 31:13:00 and won the cash prize of 7,000 tyngka. Mini Kyndait came second with 36:3 :00 has won a cash prize of 5 thousand tyngka.
Shillong: A 55-year-old woman has died in a shooting at NEIGHRIMS on Thursday night, according to The Shillong Times. .
Between 2027-28 and 2030-31, the CAG said that the payment of principal and interest will amount to T.7,012.68 crore.
Rs.25/- Lakh Per Annual.
As of Tuesday morning, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department is still investigating the cause of the shooting.
I see that this cooperation should come from the party workers in the constituencies and not just the order from the party leadership from the high level,” he added.
“We will monitor and fight to ensure a fair trial,” said the Minister who is also an MLA from Mylliem constituency.
“Education is what I want to promote because once we get education we can use it at any time,” said Ma Madon. The NGT has banned coal mining, but the ban on coal mining is not permanent and the NGT or the Supreme Court of the country can open the ban on coal mining if we follow the environmental protection laws.
Those who rebel against it are found; The village authority will punish according to the village rules and will also hand over to the Wildlife Department to punish according to the rules and regulations of the government.
He also encouraged the players of the state whether they win or lose but the most important thing is to have the spirit of struggle to reach the goal.
These teachers' groups also have the right and deserving to demand from the State Government to increase their salaries through share from the State Government after many years. many years they received the same salary.
The farmers grow rice, rice bran, shriew, rice bran, jhur, pathaw, sohphie, sohshang, sohniamtra, sohiong, soh-mynken, and other crops in the fields and in the fields.
This demand of the union came after Meghalaya has been experiencing a power outage for several hours.
MPCC President Vincent H. Pala today said that the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the Cabinet The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has been able to form a government in the state.
After that, Bah David took the pig, poured water on its body as a sign of cleansing and purification and sacrificed, “O Ud longtheng, now I will fulfill the promise of my father. I have promised to give to You from the beginning, and you will bless me and my family through livestock, crops, income.
According to the books about the Khasi people that I have read, I have found that the authors say that we are short people.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS) of Meghalaya, Dr Aman War, today said that there have been 29 new cases of coronavirus in the state. There were 1,457 people.
For there is no salvation in anyone else; Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abilash Barnawal said that the report of the public hearing will be sent to the Central Government for final decision.
Until we forget to hear the suffering of our neighbours.
He recalled that last year there was a stir in which the government issued an order to implement the CrPC in the state. The District Council Courts will lose their powers, but after a meeting with the Government and the Prime Minister, it was explained that this order will not affect the powers of the District Council Courts.
The area from Rngi Shyllong to Jowai, Shillong, is an area with many villages and they are also villages that live in agriculture and produce thousands of quintals of rice, rice, kubi, muli and other agricultural products, but due to the poor traffic, it has made it difficult for the farmers to go to the market every day and thus they have to rely on them. mahajons, who own heavy and small trucks to buy goods at low prices and who go back to Iewduh or Assam.
“The government has promised to provide us with a blueprint, but has not yet sent anything and we are waiting for their decision but we have already expressed our demand before the government. " he said.
Like Kni, he used to look and visit his brothers and sisters.
He said that during the meeting with the Governor, they told him that they need to inform the Dorbar Shnong and not the Rangbah Shnong or themselves. your statements.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Andrew said that the initiative of the Horticulture Department in Jowai through various officers has brought this opportunity to the farmers. to showcase with pride the products they have grown and it is a very important opportunity for the farmers.
Star Cement appeals to all the villagers to join hands to support those affected.
Dhanya – 8547176462, Dr.Sr.
The 7 groups selected through the audition will be eligible to participate in the Grand Finale which will be held at Polo Ground on 1st November
Mawtawar SC opened the scoring through Fredrick Lyngdoh (1 minute).
Tourism is one of the industries that the government has announced from time to time that it will take action to turn it into a factory industry to create jobs for the youth in the state. rely only on government jobs but that they can stand on their own feet by this job.
“The election is over, we have fought both sides, we have expressed our will and there have been incidents of showing our strength to reach the goal, but now we must work together for the good of the region. , the nation and the country,” said Winning Sungoh.
Shillong, July 7: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement released today expressed its satisfaction with the initiative taken by the political party leaders including Bindo M Lanong, Adelbert Nongrum, u John F Kharshiing and the Chief Executive Members who expressed their concern over the need for the HNLC to come to peace with the state government.
“We will call for talks with the MeECL officers to come and explain to the public about the lack of light,” said Najim Kharmalki, Chairman of the WRBJAC. The JAC will consider and submit a petition to the state government to convey the concerns of the people.
Referring to the meaning of the Doi-Doi soul, he said that it is a slowness of the soul and it is not stable anymore, because at the time of being shet there is always a feeling that it is a personal life. there is no more use and spirit as at this time.
After the murder of Jonali, various BJP leaders visited the residence of Jonali to console her family members and also to offer their condolences. you are sorry.
On the other hand, the HYC has demanded that the CEM of KHADC should not issue any more licenses as they have alleged that he has committed fraud and has lodged a complaint against the Khasi workers. They said that after investigation, the police found that the items he claimed to have been stolen by the Khasi workers were not lost at all, but were inside his office. In this regard, Bah Shylla said that it has to be verified first and once it is found that the Council will revoke the license.
It is to be recalled that in 1994-95, the Assam government moved its Battalion Out Post from Umpawiang to Khanduli (Lumpyrdi) despite the strong opposition of the residents of this area. This Outpost is still in existence.
The tournament was held at Dommawlum Playground, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. The winners of the BEST Athletes in the Under – 14 (Boys) category were the winners of the tournament. BANTEISKHEM KHARMAWLONG of St. Thomas HR.SEC School, UNDER – 14 (Girls) and SYLVIAMAGDALINE MARSHIANGBAI of ST.JOSEPH HR.SEC SCHOOL; HR.SEC.SCHOOL, UNDER – 16 (Girls) of MAIRANG PRES.SEC.SCHOOL, UNDER – 18 (Boys) of LAWANPHRANG L.MAWNAI of MAIRANG PRES.SEC.SCHOOL ST.Joseph HR.SEC School won the title of BEST TEAM in the men's category.
He said that all this happened because the Meghalaya government has not provided security forces in the villages on the border with Assam.
Gandhi said there was an incident in Bathinda district of Punjab, where many people got sick at the same time and the reason was because of excessive use of The urea and the chemicals have spread all over the soil and turned into bih.
At a recent meeting, the Minister of Border Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government will increase the food allowance for children living in the border areas and the distribution of scholarships. the new one will be implemented.
Shillong: The JSU Shillong Circle through Publicity Secretary Tiphimi Rymbai, on Tuesday said that the spread of COVID-19 case in Shillong should be blamed on the government.
Referring to the allegation that he and Dr. Mukul Sangma will leave the AITC to join the BJP after the elections, Charles said the allegations will remain allegations.
The main reason is that these ethnic groups are the leaders of the country and there are lakhs and crores of them in India, especially in the North East from Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, Nagaland, Mizoram and Meghalaya.
After the trial, they were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The VPP invites and welcomes the people of Garo Hills to join hands with the VPP to bring about development and progress in the state in all aspects.
Blake's presence on The Voice has attracted a lot of attention from the audience as he is a good speaker.
He said that this proposal of the State Government has received the consent of these Union Ministers but a decision has not yet been taken because if a decision is to be taken, it has to be taken by the Minister of Home Affairs. but both these Ministers have already said yes and acknowledged that it is an appropriate proposal and suggestion and this will be looked into further.
Perhaps we too, knowingly or unknowingly, sell our souls and surrender our lives to the evils and corruptions of this age for our own benefit.
The Book of Proverbs says – “He that is slow to anger is abundant in discernment; but he that is of a lowly spirit shall be wise.
Shillong, November 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that many of the youth in the state who have talents but most of them don't even know that they have talents. He said this while addressing the Aspire Meghalaya State Summit 2022 held at Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC).
When we understand, we will answer our fellow teachers, those who have grown up, those who have grown up, and everyone else should do the same.
James Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare will also be present at the opening ceremony.
I am grateful to the club for trusting me and allowing me to be with the team.
In a letter sent to the state government, the JSU has congratulated the state government for doing more to provide assistance to the needs of the people during this time of crisis. Because of the lockdown for more than 21 days to protect people from the spread of COVID 19 around the world.
Remember that in a few months the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP will have to go to the people to ask for their precious vote, but if it cannot achieve these things first, it will appoint leaders. Your party will be in great trouble in the upcoming elections.
Kharshiing said that initially only two cases were filed against Thabah, one at Sadar police station and one at Lumdiengjri police station.
The Technical Manager of NHAI, Biswa Jyoti Lahkar, has promised to complete the repair of the road within 6 months, starting from 09th July 2023, but that 6 months has almost ended, but nothing has happened. live in it.
This was witnessed on the evening of 11th November at a short meeting held inside the ground floor of the school where the work order was handed over to the founder of the school by the students of the school. NPYF Construction.
Asaram has been in Jodhpur jail since 3rd July 2013, when he was arrested for raping a 16-year-old girl.
He said that according to the 2011 census, Meghalaya has a population of 29,64,007 which is an increase of 27.82% since 2001 and is the highest in the country.
U Phawa came forward to help the Phawa clan in the village who have been severely affected by the lockdown to fight against the spread of COVID-1
As India is improving from one stage to another in table tennis, Kamal said to improve further, it needs adequate venues and equipment.
Khrawbor appealed to the government led by Conrad.
This Bill should not only affect the consumers but also the farmers so that the trade will be fair and the goods will be good and not rotten.
The Foreign Contribution Regulation Act 2010 should be amended so that it does not become a sympathy tree for civil society organizations, the Right to Education to go to school should be amended. 4-18 years old, not 6-14 years old.
Members of the District Task Force and Block Task Force in collaboration with the Swachh Bharat Mission, have participated in the cleanliness drive in many places in the district. , which was divided into Umsning Block, Umling Block and Bhoirymbong Block.
Through this great war Israel will destroy the countries and kingdoms of the world until no one can make peace.
Jaintia Hills has been able to produce many prominent players not only in the State but in India.
Speaking to media, Bah Nikistar in the presence of members of the union said that the SDO has issued the permit on 29th June 2023 and immediately after the order to increase the price of great shallan.
It was a peaceful area,” Sangma said.
In the second half, Pamanik beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 4-2 goals. Emlang Pakma scored in the 9th minute and Jamris Talang in the 2nd, 33rd and 60th minutes.
The Minister praised the Forest Department for protecting the wildlife and trees in the Narpuh Forest and announced that in the month of June or October, the Chief Minister of the State Government, Conrad K Sangma He will visit the tourist attractions of East Jaintia Hills.
The market price of ryndia has reached 400 tyngka per kilo in Nongstoiñ.
All religions have their own ways to reach that Kingdom of God.
There are many issues that the Cabinet will discuss at the meeting.
The readers of U Rupang, have expressed their deep sorrow, because if a patient is admitted to the hospital, the person who should wait for him/or the patient, should be the same person, if he should stay. week or six months and so on.
In their first appearance this season, Mawlai beat Ïasnohktilang SC 5-0 on 20 July
Therefore, those who wish to join the army can apply immediately through the website www.joinindianarmy.
On the part of Bah Donal V Thabah, he urged the members to announce the works that as former leaders they have done for the good of the country and the nation.
The Principal stood up to remind the children who took part in the tournament of the words of phira and encouragement that Sachin gave to his son 'give the game the respect it deserves and the game will. love you back'.
However, I should be happy when there is a response, I have the opportunity to teach and build my own house.
Nongstoiñ: The Committee on Border Settlement in West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Tuesday visited the border areas of West Khasi Hills District. to check the condition of the land and villages before proceeding with the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam.
The petition sent to the President and Prime Minister was signed by about 100 employees of the Raj Bhavan.
Khliehriat, July 28 : Leaders and members of the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA) today met with the President of the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTO&TA). RK Pareek, President of the All Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (AJHCMA) at Thangskai, discussed the issue of low pay for trucks. .
However, the question now is how well this Act works because this is not the first time that an order has been issued to remove the iit iong, but it has happened from time to time in the past.
Speaking on the occasion, Wailadmiki said that he has tried his best to provide salonsar assistance to all the beneficiaries who are also his supporters in the constituency.
The Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, issued by the Controller General, Nagpur, allows persons who own land of at least 4 (four) hectares to obtain a license while in Meghalaya only persons are allowed. /company with land area of ​​less than 100 (shispah) hectares.
“The Government should serve the people.
We don't expect anything but we are happy that in these three months we have been able to work,” he said.
Ma E.Bareh said that on this strong request of the Garo Chief Minister, we both sympathized and agreed that the Garo should get 40% and the Khasi and Jaintia 40% without counting the. In fact, there should be gratitude and respect for the Jaintia people because they have sacrificed for the Garo people.
The Syiem said that from Kyrhsai to Langpih, if you are strong enough to walk, it takes three to seven hours.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) on Tuesday said that it wants the government and KHADC to expedite the passage of the Village Administration Bill (VAB) for the villagers. Village Headman.
ANI reported that China also lost 43 of its troops in the clashes on Tuesday night.
During the rainy season, the people of all the villages in the War area were busy harvesting and carrying soh niamtra besides there was no road at all at that time.
New Delhi: There will be a full moon eclipse on 17th November 2019, which will also be seen in India.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 27: The polling day has passed and all that remains is to count the votes, announce the names of the winners and losers, as well as the receipt of votes for the leaders. polling station.
Prestone Tynsong said that the vendors should follow the rules of the government and the health department if they are allowed to start their business to curb the spread of the disease. for the corona virus.
In Meghalaya, the CM has been involved in corruption up to fourth grade.
In another match, Lawmei beat Nongmensong 1-2
The total number of deaths from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 797 with 9 deaths on Tuesday. .
Through that match I have the understanding that it has made me stronger to compete with the players who have appeared in the ISL through the opportunity to meet them"
Up to 93807 people have been infected with the disease in the past few years but 92204 people have recovered.
Shillong: An Assam private vehicle (AS 01 AN 3993) has been seized by the Shillong Police this morning.
“Meghalaya has opened up many opportunities to do something to improve the climate.
It would have been better for the government to stop such unnecessary expenditure if it had not been able to longtrai the land (not by buying but by buying).
The Public Relation Officer (PRO) of the BSF said that the border guards of India and Bangladesh report monthly on the seizure of phensedyl, drugs and other drugs. intoxication across the border.
The DC, after hearing the speech on the Lukha River and the urgency to preserve and clean the Lukha River, directed the Association to elect the leaders and appoint a special committee to do so. He also promised to allocate special funds through the DMF and Rejuvenate of River Schemes so that the garbage will not flow into Wah Lukha so that it will be like in the past. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary 6 Wah Lukha Village Association.
I will be happy only when I am with them.
“Antibiotics are wonderful drugs, but they face problems from time to time due to their resistance to various diseases, especially Staphylococcus aureus.
Speaking at Gambegre, Dr. Mukul Sangma criticized the government for its inability to bring about proper khadar governance and said that the discussions are now in many parts of the state. “Even last month, the Union Home Minister said that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India”.
In a statement, the President of the party, Bah Marcony Thongni, said that the party has received complaints from many residents of the area like Phodkroh, Balat and Ranikor and other villages regarding the sale of illegal drugs. price of government grain.
Shillong, Lber, 21: Within a few hours of the news spread on social media, Bah Zacharia Sohthiang has been shot dead by unidentified persons in Khyndai Lad area. I don't know what happened.
He said this on the demand of the KSU that the central government should respect the IOA signed with the 25 Khasi Hills on 17th July
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided not to allow the opening of places of worship in the state.
Since the launch of the app, Rs 12.2 crore has been paid to ASHA workers across the state.
As soon as they reached the house, the brothers and Ksan asked Bhalang first.
If the union sees that there is any discrimination in the seizure of vehicles, it will take to the streets to seize these vehicles as it has done in the past regarding the lack of seat belts. by government vehicle drivers.
In a statement, AMALPSA Secretary RS Khardewsaw said the union wants to clarify the AMPSTA statement, which misleads the Lower Primary Teachers in the state.
The tug of war tournament was held for women and was also part of the celebration of International Women's Day 2023 which was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai which started at 10 am.
Daniel,closeup and seal the WORD of the scroll UNTIL THE TIMES OF THE END"Daniel 12:4.
During the match, the two teams failed to score a goal and therefore, it had to be a penalty shootout.
Raju urged the police to be quick to respond or take any action when the public reports or asks for help.
Commander Shangpliang urged the farmers, traders and the people who come to buy food to cooperate with the union and especially with the government by following the government's directives so that they can protect themselves. to avoid the closure of this market which is the food source of many farmers and traders as well.
He said that the screening of films is necessary to convey the message to the people, to encourage and motivate them.
He also congratulated all the players who took part in this tournament.
Be careful that the words of the wise do not come true.
Mary, my beloved mother, pray for me.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that Meghalaya has many challenges in the establishment of Medical Colleges in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The third day of the India International Cherry Blossom Festival 2019 in Shillong has attracted more and more attention.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairperson of the committee, Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA Congress from East Shillong constituency, said that 48.6% of mothers who give birth at home in the state. She said that in this age of light 48.6% is unacceptable.
Now I would like to ask the Pressure Groups who have always opposed these developments, do you agree with this action of the MDA Government?
“If the Congress doesn't want the BJP to win, it should have supported me in this election from Pynthorumkhrah,” he said.
When we use the word 'India', we feel that it is our country...if you use the word Bharat, it can create a feeling in people that they lack a connection with the country...and this will touch their feelings," he said.
Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, who took part in the program as the chief guest, congratulated the officers who have opened the door to the electricity supply to every household.
Sonny Kharjana, Adviser of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, speaking at a meeting of ASHAs in Mairang after the ASHAs' rally in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, said that this action of Ampareen is a threat. the falsehood and the wrong path.
The arrested persons confessed to receiving Phensedyl from Ishab Sheikh and Irshad Sheikh, of Malda District and passed through the area where the National Security Forces were deployed and handed them over to Sohail. Sheikh, of Chapinoff District, Bangladesh.
Md Wahid scored 46 runs off 32 balls and was named Player of the Match.
This approval also includes a new sulfur-based Urea Gold.
Recently, Rupang has received information from the Dielang Market that the price of Phan has dropped from 15 tyngka per kilo to 10 tyngka per kilo.
I just think that this statement is stupid and meaningless.
The school building, which was hit by the cyclone in Saipung on Sunday afternoon.
The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, said that the Shad Lakhempong is one of the cultures that is on the verge of extinction, due to the lack of attention to preserve its own deity and culture in the past years. .
“The purpose of this Shad Sajer is not only for the men and women to showcase their customs and traditions through music, dance and mastis, but when we hold this dance the rynsan is also “We want to preserve our culture and traditions,” said Bah Kharkongor and added that the Ministry of Arts and Culture will continue to support the Raid Nongpoh in the coming years. Shad Sajer is a very rich and beneficial event for us to preserve our customs and traditions,” he added.
The CWC has also sent the same complaint to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah and Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan.
Besides the arrest of these 18 persons, the BSF also seized 86 cows.
This time, the JSU has already discussed with the leaders of KNGCSU and also with the leaders of senior students to find ways and means to admit all the students who have not yet received classes. Admission, and the KNGCSU and student leaders have done what is necessary by meeting with the Director of Higher & Technical Education last month with a letter to demand the admission of the students.
The BJP has won 12 out of 25 constituencies in the North East, according to sources.
Iran has reported 21 deaths and 1,076 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 145 and 5,823 infections.
Without going far, the land of Hynniewtrep was already prepared for the changes to come and tried to implement the modern democratic process, although it was not yet complete. The Khasi National Dorbar was held on 4-6 September
Municipal CC, although they played well to complete all 20 overs, did not reach the target set by Sportive Juniors and scored only 127 runs.
TUR says we need an India that rules on the basis of mutual respect and respect for the rights and freedoms of the different ethnic groups and religions in India.
Children who were born by forced marriage could not be named “Jer Ban Thoh” because they did not have a family name.
“As the minister in charge of this issue, I have received many reports about incidents against the youth of this area.
The State Government also congratulates the leaders of the ANVC and ANVC (B) for deciding to cease violence and come to discuss the provisions of the Constitution. path to other rebel groups, that it will return to the path of peace talks.
“At the opening ceremony of the bank, only Nepalis and ingkhong shyllang matka of our community came to witness and participate, and it is these same people who encouraged the opening of the bank,” she said. Mrs. Christable.
(Res-I) dated 14th March, 2022, the Government of India has renewed the allocation for Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes in case of vacancies in Group 'C' and “'D' to recruit youth from this area.
The question was on the daily distribution of electricity in urban areas and then in rural areas, according to the census, as of 8th November
Kew is one of the most important crops in the world.
Dundee said this while talking to media after a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Friday at his office at KHADC. The meeting with the CEM came after the KHADC decided to strengthen the laws in the Dorbars to curb the illegal entry of foreigners until they become voters in the state.
The meeting was held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of the Chief Minister, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary, Lieutenant General Sanjay Malik, Air Marshal Tejinder. Singh and other government officials from the government and military departments.
To avoid this, man needs to be born again from now on so that he can share in that Resurrection and Ascension in the future.
Jowai, 23 March: You are the son of MB Rymbai.
He said that through the opening of the Mawtynhiang Crematorium, it has helped the people of the area to earn a living and about 2500-2600 people from India and abroad have come to visit. the beauty of the area.
Shillong, Nailur 3: The residents of 15 villages in the New Shillong City today protested against the government's plan to introduce a garbage dump.
According to Syllad, Rimialson Daw is a resident of Lumtrep village, Nongjngi and has completed his Pharmacy degree from Principal KM Kundnani College of Pharmacy, Mumbai, Maharashtra.
When counting all the shops that the KHADC has been able to close down, it has reached 51 shops in the Iewduh area alone.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titoswell Chyne first of all expressed his gratitude to the Principal of Sngap Syiem College for celebrating the 38th Anniversary of the college. This training center will grow, develop, grow, develop in many ways which will benefit the students of the community and the students. which are still within this entire college.
Baneh Khongsdam, Andy Mawthoh and KLrosangra scored the first goal of the match while Banshanlang Nongdhar scored the first goal for Nangkiew Irat.
The final of the tournament will be held on the 10th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC of Ri-Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Union of Rangbah Shnongs for taking the initiative to distribute the clothes to the poor families. rangli and also the elderly who need assistance that the district authorities announce the work they are doing and serving the community and to continue to work together from time to time.
This project is being implemented by the Central Government.
Shillong, Lber 24: The VPP MLAs have vowed to go to the people and hold a protest against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma today to discuss the Roster System.
Friends, men and women, let us ask, let us think, this is the message to you and me, how are we, let us not be like those who do not believe, who do not believe, so that we will not fall into the trap. the triumph of God.
Bank and hospital employees can also participate in the competition.
The border of the state starts from Byrnihat and it would be useful to set up the entry and exit point at Umling which is more than 10 km from the Assam-Meghalaya border.
JNC General Secretary Winchester Pala has expressed his deep sorrow over the government's ignoring the demands of the people and traders who have taken to the streets to protest against the import of coal from Assam.
Speech was also delivered by Aroma Pale Secretary VDP, who said that as a woman during this lockdown, they are facing difficulties in providing for their families and this donation by Damian is a great blessing to the families. don't.
The Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MLA) will represent the state for the first time in the 8th Senior and 4th Under 25 Lawn Bowls National Championship 2023 organized by the BFI in Guwahati. from 21 to 30 November 2023.
However, according to the official, the stadium is better than other stadiums built by the company such as the Heh Mini Stadium at Mawlai Phudmuti, Mawkyrwat and Kiang Nangbah Stadium. you are in Jowai.
In a letter signed by Allfondbirth Kharyntiew General Secretary of the HFU, he said that after receiving complaints from many farmers, the HFU has followed up on this issue. The price of agricultural products in Mawlong market has been underestimated and it has been found that there has been a kilo cut which they have witnessed with their own eyes.
On the other hand, Johnwell G Momin said that golf is a sport that has not yet appeared in Garo Hills and there are only a few people who like to play at Durama Golf Course, 9 Hole Golf Course. BSF post at Danakgre, Tura.
Therefore, through this article I request those who read this article to remember to think carefully about his works and also to research about him and to remember and appreciate this great intellectual. and also to convey to our descendants about his great name, more and more so that we may know and recognize that Father of the Khasi people as others say, i.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has arrived in Balkh province to inspect the Taliban-controlled province.
The children did not recognize the faces of the kidnappers, but it was reported that one of them was a short-haired man.
“The price of meat is the same price, and there is no increase or decrease in the price,” said Bah Esron. who are not true journalists.
Seventeen people were killed on the Bengaluru Pune Highway when a minibus carrying these doctors collided with a truck carrying shyiap at Dharwad.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Caramai Kharkongngor, IAS also spoke about the ability of the college to provide a wide range of educational opportunities from Arts Stream, Commerce Stream and also in the field of education. Science Stream and especially in the coming years as the college will be able to open a Bachelor of Science (BSc) and with the opening of this will be of benefit to the youth of the area. who are not able to study in other places such as Shillong or outside the state.
The newspaper said that this happened after the truck drivers refused to pay the money to the gatekeepers of the JHADC and tried to flee.
The same rules will apply not only to the upcoming tournament but also to other prestigious tennis tournaments in the country.
Nongpoh, Lber 19: A government officer of the state has been honored by the International Academic and Management Association (IAMA) for his leadership as an officer in the fight against Covid-1
Household chores have been suspended especially during school hours.
These prophets have clearly shown that the prayers of God, along with the sins of the wicked, will not be heard.
Dr VP Chandrasekhar, COO of SRM Global Hospitals in his speech, said that one of the ways to prevent the spread of the disease is to monitor and follow a hygienic lifestyle. – especially in the food sector.
The Emergency Meeting of the Central Executive Committee of AMC&SA held this evening has decided to direct all contractors and companies not to purchase the tender, as the work is still pending. within the court, until further notice, for the safety and benefit of all the contractors of the state.
The shlem has now started a Production Center or a manufacturing plant for the production of clothes in various forms.
Through this programme, it will help the youth to avoid the addiction to alcohol.
This, I believe, is what the old man has done.
In the RAM (Retail, Agriculture and MSME) segment, the BoM recorded the highest growth of 18.25% at T.80,669 crore.
The MDA Government has become increasingly aware of the political parties allied with the MDA like the BJP and UDP. In the past few days, many UDP members have threatened to remove James Sangma, Minister of Electricity.
The final match between the two teams was attended by the office bearers of the Shillong Sports Association including the President.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that as part of the implementation of the directives of the State Government, anyone or anyone who violates the social distancing rules as well as those who do not wear masks Masks in public places shall be punishable by imprisonment and fines.
The District Level Cycling Race was held under the leadership of Bah Wanphrang Sumer as President and Bah Mihpli Wahlang as Secretary. (trial) for the purpose of selecting the youth to represent the district in the State Level Cycling Race to be held in Shillong.
Kong Saimin is the head of the Ryngksai clan and Darrang village.
The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) today strongly condemned Trinamool Congress Minister Akhil Giri's remarks against President Droupadi Murmu and urged the people to refrain from doing so. The BJP has said that President Murmu is the first from the indigenous people to become the supreme leader of India.
Therefore, the union demands that it is time to implement the Sports Policy, as well as to spend more on sports, so that our state can produce more participants.
Success through this step will not only benefit only us now but will also ensure cleanliness and a healthy environment for future generations.
“I myself will not support it at all because I feel that the name of India should continue forever,” said Rakkam.
Himalaya Shangpliang, Congress MLA from Mawsynram, who is also a member of the PAC, said the PAC has ordered MeECL to replace all the damaged transformers in the villages.
The three GNLA members were identified as Lasting G. Momin (22) of Rongjeng, Arnesh G. Momin (20) of Chokpot, Bosco Momin (27) of Dorangre. Fedrick Rongrin (22) of Dorangre and Jaro S. Sangma (25) of Nengchigre, West Khasi Hills district.
Speaking to media, he said, “The State Government has taken action in this regard and I request all the protesters of commercial vehicles to stop this. The protest against this increase in the price of petrol and diesel is not only in Meghalaya but all over India and I think if we compare to other states the price of petrol and diesel in Meghalaya is still higher. .
However, as this is the PWD land, the shopkeepers cannot build a strong shop, but they have to build a house just to avoid the rain.
Shillong: The Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi today unveiled the statue of the founders of the Nongthymmai Cultural and Sports Club Huroi. Santa Mary Shylla, MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency 5 was also present as the chief guest.
The HSPDP has suffered a setback after Nongshken MDC Kong Kharpuri resigned from the party after she could not get along with some of her fellow MDCs.
It may be that in one year, the unemployment rate is very low, perhaps less than 8 or less than 10, and the share of one of these groups will not reach even 1, but will reach only and 0.4.
“We urge them to open their shops in the absence of any curfew – don't be afraid,” said the Minister Incharge of the Market.
“Due to the presence of women and children in the area, the police did not use force to disperse the crowd,” said the SP. The Pollution Control Board, village leaders and officials of the company have decided to move the venue for the public hearing to the hall inside the factory.
He hath wounded him, he hath wounded him, he hath wounded him: thy hands are HEALTHY" Amen.
Ohiwot Laloo, District Commissioner Scouts, West Jaintia Hills in his speech reminded the importance of the scarf to each and every member of the Scouts-Guides Movement because through the scarf we can do many things to help. to other people.
Let us look at the proof like this:There was a student who went to ask questions to his old and retired teacher.
He said that the case has been registered by the police and the police are investigating the case.
“We don't want to do it from the NPP, we want to do it in consultation with other parties which are with us in GHADC and who supported us in the last election,” said Conrad.
Iainehlang has been arrested by the police.
God's prophet Habakkuk prayed, “O Lord, preserve thy work in the midst of these years, and in the midst of these years proclaim it: in the midst of wrath remember thy lovingkindness.
I don't want this issue to get worse over the years.
The priest said it is not only an insult to the state but also a play on the lives and future of the students.
Ma Jaitda OO Sumer spoke on the importance of health in human life and to be clean and preserve the trees, plants, water and other living things in Mei Ram. -ew.
Shillong Lajong FC, Aizawl FC and NEROCA from Manipur will compete in the I-League.
We will ensure that there is an investigation, clean and we hope that the truth will come out," he added.
As part of the preparations for the biggest tournament in the country, RoundGlass Punjab FC is considering strengthening the club by signing these talented players from Real Kashmir.
This is the first Congress government in the North East to accept the GST of Modi's BJP government after Assam which has already accepted the GST of the central government.
He said that the project will look for ways and means to create monuments to become tourist attractions.
Khliehriat, July 31: The Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District, have given their full support to Bah Ardent.
There was also tree felling in Siju and Chokpot.
Shillong, July 23: U Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday urged the people not to be angry on the day of his appearance in the High Court. that it should be a day to prove to ourselves that we have confidence that justice will develop the nation.
The Special Cell, after conducting a search operation under the NDPS Act, has arrested one of the suspects, Waltarsius Kharbani. also seized 0.43 grams of suspected heroin from his possession.
Dr WR Kharlukhi has strongly criticized Dr Mukul Sangma for his desire to play politics on this issue.
Shillong: U MLA Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the reason for his decision to leave the Congress party, is because its leaders have failed and do not know how to run the organization.
We have seen the increase in the price of food and beverages in the country and especially in our state this is the result of corruption in which the people are involved.
Dr. Sailo's infection with covid19 has surprised many people because according to reports, he has never left home.
It was also reported that at the meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East and West Jaintia Hills last Friday, it was decided that the Union will write a letter to the Prime Minister. state and Dr Mukul Sangma.
“We are afraid that this place will lose its beauty and tourists will not come here anymore and it will be a loss for us,” said some of the residents.
Olena said that Volodymyr's life has not changed at all until today and he is exactly the same as he was before the war. and he is the same to this day.
The UDP has sent a letter to the CEM seeking clarification on these nine issues including the transfer of funds from the Professional Tax to the accounts of private individuals, the allocation of T .35 lakh to the KHCF, the Campaign for Change, the PDF and others.
“I strongly suspect that this is the work of people who don't want to have children,” said a government doctor.
JOWAI: The HK Singh Memorial Lower Primary School has celebrated its 50th anniversary since its establishment in
All PSG players wore shirts with Sergio Rico's name and numbers on them.
He said that the corruption in the state cannot be eradicated unless the present government is removed from power.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: The Parish Nativity of Our Lord Mawkyrwat on 31st November, 2023 has concluded its Golden Jubilee celebration with the consecration of two Deacons. Marshall Wahlang from Mawkyrwat Parish and Phrangsngi Lyngkhoi from Rangblang Parish by Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, DD, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese in the presence of thousands of Roman Catholics.
However, this does not mean that the NPP will follow all the policies of the central government.
Ration distributors who are currently in charge of ration distribution should submit a certificate from the Inspector, Metrological Department, Nongstoiñ and a certificate from the Office of Food Safety. Officer, Nongstoin.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited entries for the Under-13 Football League Tournament
They were identified as Jehan Momin of Naringre and Sengrang Sangma of Mendima.
Telangana has ranked first out of all the states in India in terms of income and per capita income in the current census year -23.
In this regard, after we saw them looting the BSF vehicle and started burning our houses, we recognized that it should have been reversed," said one a resident who did not want to be named in an interview with reporters.
Shillong, July 9: The new Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) of the government has remained in the dark as the people who have smart cards when they go for treatment are covered.
Shillong: Unidentified robbers have set fire to a Mahindra Scorpio (ML-05E-2594) belonging to Smt.
Your bill light is not known.
Explaining on this, Bah Sanbor said, “The distribution of items such as khiew, plates and other necessities is very important and all the 31,000 voters of South Shillong are happy”. “I don't care if four or five people don't come because they are angry.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 485 new cases have been confirmed and there are 4652 active cases in the state.
To resolve this issue, the District authorities led by the Inspector of Supply, Bah A.War, today visited the village to discuss the issue. HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani and President HANM Lawbah Circle were also present at the ceremony.
Besides the BJP and Congress, the Aam Aadmi Party has spent Rs 69 lakh on Facebook advertisements.
This is very encouraging to us and also shows your eagerness to understand this industry better.
In the first innings, Mendipathar College beat KL Bajoria College by 5 runs.
Ajay is a resident of Jharkhand and was the zonal commander of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a Maoist militant group formed in Jharkhand in
The meeting was conducted by Bah Nolipstar Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Tourism Committee.
The Minister said that the present government is a government that supports farmers and has allocated about T.16,000 crore to assist 54 lakh farmers of which T.975 crore has been allocated. crore has been distributed to farmers in Mudhol area.
Fans and supporters of Deepika and Katrina also feel that Ranbir is perfect to play the role of the villain in the film as he has made Katrina and Deepika angry in the past.
The Seng Nongjri invites and invites all the residents of Nongjri who live outside the Nongjri District to attend this meeting, so that this General Meeting cum Social Meet will be a success.
On the other hand, the CM of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma in his speech said that this festival is important in our journey to showcase the culture of the state and agriculture and unity.
He said the government has taken steps to ensure that those involved will be punished.
Finally, he opened the Prime Hub at LIFE Spice Processing Cooperative Society, Laskein and later visited the Oleoresin Extraction Unit.
Therefore, the call to each and every one of us is to live in peace and work together with one goal to develop and run the state so that it will be one of the prominent and progressive states in these areas. year and time to come.
Therefore, all liquor shops including IMFL shops/bars/hotels/CA bars/CS shops/canteens and square shops will be closed on that day.
The rainfall will continue in the next five days. Today, the rainfall will be very heavy with winds of 40 to 50 kilometers per kilometer. It can reach 60 kilometers per hour.
The mindset of the people must also be completely changed against the scientific strategy of our rulers.
However, the Prime Minister denied the talks by saying that he had just assumed the post of Prime Minister, so he was not clear on this matter and wanted to think for a while.
AH Scott Lyngdoh read an article on Indira's life and contribution to the country, and John F. Kharshiing spoke on her contribution to the North East.
There was no disobedience and fear of God, so evil happened to the ancient Israelites, until the question arose from the nations – why has the Lord done this to this land and this house? And they said, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshiped them, and served them: therefore God hath brought this evil upon Israel" (2 Chronicles 7:19-22).
Shillong, March 10: The District Legal Services Authority of East Khasi Hills today visited the MIMHANS Hospital. Celebrate Mental Health Day.
Shillong: The North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) under the leadership of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit today celebrated the fourth anniversary of the death of Ma Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait.
Prestone said that the Deputy Commissioners of those areas have met if there is any such incident and they have decided not to ban the development works. I'm from Assam and I'm from Meghalaya.
“These include 3267 smuggled cows worth T5,07,70,500, 1053 Phensedyl worth T.1,87,401, 5740 smuggled Kyiad worth T9,03,879, Dry peas. T63117870, Yaba Tab 780 pieces worth T3,50,000, Kanja 35.4, I/currency T937,966 (Indian rupees), Misc T14,9371430, BD Currency Taka 1439477 (Bangladesh rupees).
In Shillong, the rain has subsided but in the rural areas, the rain has not allowed people to leave their homes.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Sawsymper Circle has held a program to honor the “1st Turshaphrang” Excellent Awards" to Jessica Marweiñ who came in the Top 20 in the MBOSE Exam
To cook,
Another tournament 'Juggle the Football' was organized by the CEO Meghalaya on Monday at Smit in collaboration with the Smit Football Club and the Village Youth Association.
He said a Joint Committee has been set up between the PWD and MeECL officials to study and review and will be submitted to the Cabinet for discussion.
The festival, organized by NEFA, is on the basis of promoting the culture and traditions of the villages within the Raid Nongtluh.
He became man in the flesh; the Word of God became flesh/flesh, Jesus walked through the streets of Jerusalem, healing the blind, healing the sick, the people welcomed him and he gave him the sla tlai.
Russian troops have been withdrawing from Ukraine, but have carried out horrific massacres of civilians before leaving the country, according to witnesses. , from the incident, which took place in the city of Bucha, in which there were brutal killings, women and children, rape of many women and many other acts of violence, in the city. , say alternative media outlets, publishing from around the world.
There were 19 children who came to witness the program along with 4 competitors of SAM. although it is the first time they have participated in indoor shooting sport.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held an awareness program for the school children of Jowai on the importance of maintaining cleanliness by implementing the Solid Waste Management.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of KHADC, Shillong, today held a meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem in the presence of Deputy CEM, Bah PT Sawkmie and other EMs of KHADC. Rangbah Shnongs including the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Dr.W Kharshiing, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang and other leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep could not be reached for comment. He said that it was only their meeting with the CEM to discuss some issues.
Treilang handed over the pangolin to the Wildlife Division, Jowai.
This is a special tax benefit of the Central Government to Meghalaya as the state is currently in a state of prosperity.
The Government should understand that any work conducted by the Government will not reach anywhere but will continue to ring sdot and the state needs to turn to the people or the private sector, various groups. and the Government should be only the guide, the supporter of those in need.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Public Information Act is only an information law, but it cannot punish those involved in corruption, but the Lokayukta will be responsible for punishment.
Shillong, July 23: The HNLC has called for the 24th Republic Day curfew in the state on the occasion of the 26th Republic Day. hour.
The President of the Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (MBCC), Bah Rikut Parien, said that the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh is a former MLA of the Congress party. He left the Congress Party and now the insult has turned against the Congress Party.
In the history of the world Christmas commemorates the birth of Jesus Christ.
“If the construction of the road in our village is illegal, the Indian Army, BSF should have stopped it, but unfortunately the work in India has been interrupted by the Bangladesh Army. They are willing to force their way into the village, just to stop the construction of the village road,” said Bah B.Buam.
Read the Word of God, pray the Holy Rosary, make the way of the cross, pray the psalms together especially Psalm 91 to be protected under the power of God.
Nongpoh, Nailar 03 : Speaking on the technology, almost all the activities of the people have to rely on electricity to run their activities and the lack of proper electricity in Ri Bhoi District. The public has been encouraged to complete their work using electricity.
“There is no difference when it comes to the same goal,” said Bah Pynshai.
But he spoke the truth.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that as a measure to prevent the spread of Covid-19, the Government has decided to ban the public from coming to these offices from the 7th of this month. November 2020 to 11th November
He said that this will help those government employees to provide good care to their children and also to their families.
"If you pray like that, even if you die, you will go to heaven.
Bolivian police said yesterday they had recovered more than 400 bodies from various roads and homes in the country and 85 percent of the dead were who is infected with the corona virus.
They only know how to get drugs to take and when they get drugs they feel like they have all the pleasure of the whole world.
“The Crowborough Hotel or Vivanta can be opened on the day the President of India Droupadi Murmu visits the state,” he said.
On the Indian side, Modi said India is ready to assist and support Morocco in various fields as much as it can.
The Government has assisted the farmers by implementing various schemes such as the 1917 Agriculture Transport Vehicular Scheme, Focus and Focus+ through which it has provided financial assistance to the farmers to purchase seeds and fertilizers. more and more of their rep.
The Prime Minister said that this fund has helped in the preparation of hospitals, the purchase of ventilators and the opening of oxygen plants during the Corona pandemic.
Hema married Dharmendra in 1980 and they have been married for 43 years.
During the inspection, SBYWA on Friday found that the government has deteriorated the road and turned it into a forest road which is flooded with water and snow which makes it difficult for vehicles to travel.
In the second match, Jongksha Sports Club beat Laitkor Football Club 3-0
Antiretroviral therapy (ART) helps them live longer.
“Look, 75 percent of the work has been completed, we are still laying the foundation stone and only 25 percent remains to be completed.
The demands of the JAC include the immediate removal of the illegally appointed Technical Officer, Senior Consultant, the immediate appointment of the Statutory Officer. officer and University Engineer, as well as the lack of health facilities within the university.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, on Tuesday said that the BJP will win not only the states it has ruled but also in the states. Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland in the 2023 MLA elections.
Aizawl: The President of the Mizoram Students Union (MSU) today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam.
MDCs cannot exercise Paragraph 19 (1) (b) (3) because it is the only power conferred on the Governor from 26th January, 1950 to 27th June,
“We have gone to Delhi as part of the NERPF. We have decided to take up the issue of the allegation of involvement of the Chief Minister and the ANVC with the President,” said Bah Mawthohda. .
The meeting was conducted by Samla Rudy Lyngdoh Tron Assistance Organizing Secretary KSU Sengkmie while Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar Secretary Finance Department of KSU Sengkmie took the most important part. that is, to strengthen the members of this branch.
“As the people say, I am like MLA 108 because I have just arrived,” said Bah Titos.
When inquired, the CEM said that the Council will set up a committee headed by the EM in charge of Council Assets & Building, which will meet with the State Government to discuss this issue.
In the new world, we will see that almost everyone is pursuing the things of the world.
This was explained by Bah Treibor Marweiñ, Chairman of the Nonglang Village Water and Sanitation Committee.
“And he multiplied the people” Psalm 5:2
Only 100 trainees from all over the state will be accepted for the 2 day training. Those who wish to participate should fill out the form and pay T. tyngka (for all days and this will include registration fee, food).
“You don't know, mother, how worried I am about Hiram and how much money I've lost,” said the father.
Shillong: The District Administration of Assam today announced that six CRPF personnel at the CRPF Camp at 9 Mile, Assam have tested positive for Covid-1 The CRPF camp is located on the opposite side of the road from Baridua village in Ribhoi district.
Shillong, July 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has sent an investigation into the incident involving two Junior Engineers (JEs) of Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block. Sohra has been suspended from his post on the complaint of the BDO of the block.
If the government orders them to move into the houses prepared which were used temporarily as the office of the Shillong Municipal Board, will there be accommodation for the 300 residents of this area?” he added. Gurjit Singh.
The meeting between the two sides will be the third, but the first since Russia invaded Ukraine last year.
They include S Thianglai, BJP East Jaintia Hills Vice President, Rollingson Dkhar, BJP Organizing Secretary from Sutnga Block and former MDC Seiborlang Shadap.
The National People's Party (NPP) today welcomed the MDC of Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, to become a member of the party at a meeting held at the office of the National People's Party (NPP). establish.
At this meeting, the union said that there are more than 150 villages in Ranikor Civil Sub Division but at present only the State Bank of India (SBI) has set up an office in this area.
However, many shops in the village were open on this day and children were playing in the streets and throwing money.
The remaining T.9 crore which has not been used is to assist farmers to purchase power tillers, to provide training to farmers and to prevent crop pests.
Although the VPP leader was once a prominent member of the UDP and HSPDP, he suddenly left his foundation and remained at odds with the current leaders of those parties.
In another incident, Nikish Thapa (28), resident of Jhalupara, has been missing since November 23, 2018, police said.
Change will not come only from the leaders, true change comes from the people who stand for righteousness and have compassion for others.
In fact, the Elaka has nothing against the upgradation of Sohra to a district but does not want to be included in it.
“We respect the religion of others and others should respect each other,” said Shallam.
He said that the Prime Minister of India has taken action for the welfare of the indigenous people in India.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 32 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases has risen to
Which means there will be a big battle.
He also expressed the challenges faced by the police force and the need for such training programmes.
The College expects to produce more top ten in 2015-2
Only a few will be accepted but not all.
He also resigned from the post of Minister in the MDA-1 government to take over as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in the same year in place of Dr. Donkupar Roy.
A report released by the Pew Charitable Trusts & SYSTEMIQ in April 2020 states: By 2050, 30 years later, there will be more plastic than fish in the sea. .
According to Kohli, many issues were discussed with the religious leaders especially the church leaders in a pleasant and beneficial manner.
Niawki Samati said that in the nine years she has been teaching at this school, they have faced many difficulties because even when it rains they have to endure the pum pum and even when it rains they have to walk and stand on their hands.
Replying to the Congress' allegation that the people should not elect national parties, Jemino Mawthoh recalled leaders like GG Swell who were well known as members of the Lok Sabha. He was also elected as the Deputy Speaker of the House.
Once the land is available, the state government will apply for funding from the central government for the construction of the dorbar hall.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has imposed Section 144 CrPC on the Myntdu River and prohibits anyone who damages the Myntdu River. the rules of law.
MDCShillong, 10 Jymmang: Today is the last day for the scrutiny of the nomination papers of the candidates who have registered for the District Council elections. candidates.
In the customs and traditions of the Khasi, there is a very interesting story that you can find in every household.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Meghalaya Baby League will start tomorrow at 3:00 pm at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
The loss of precious lives has also happened in neighboring villages, namely in Kenmynsaw where a woman, Kong Drit Byrsaw and Bah Robino Kynter have died in the collapse of their house.
As the owner of the donated land, I have a responsibility to urge the relevant authorities and especially the government to take action on this issue,” he said.
According to information received, the incident started at 2 pm yesterday morning between the workers of the weighbridge and some people from the area who have been clean since the weighbridge. Garo, Nepali and others, but the incident spread and escalated this morning until 11 am which led to a clash by the paid bhur against the employees of the weighbridge. .
“Is there any corruption in the recruitment of government schools in the state,” she said.
The statement by one of the senior leaders of the Meghalaya government that the villages in Block II are within the border of Assam has encouraged and pleased the people of Assam.
Shillong Secondary School, Forest Colony, Civil Hospital School of Nursing.
The meeting was convened and conducted by the MLA of Sohra, Bah Titos Chyne.
“Apparently, the state government has not taken action on this issue and yesterday the party has arrested more than 15,000 illegal immigrants,” said Bah Lambokstarwell.
When he was 10 years old, Maeit Hoping went to study these lessons he received from his father. It was when he was 11 years old that he started to graze cows in the mountains. Training to another 'si kyrtong' u 'kohtriang' to look after a herd of 100 cows and 100 goats while he was busy threshing on the hill. It was through him that he received training on the value of plants and also on the history of the Khasi people (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, Maram). ,cheated,warm,cheated).
Two suspected drug traffickers were arrested by the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of West Khasi Hills on the 30th of this month along with a Maruti 800 with registration number ML05-N- 0782 which is suspected to be used to smuggle drugs.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The KHNAM Youth Group, has lodged a complaint with the State Government's Information Department, that there are newspapers, which produce drugs that strengthen the marriage. He said that such drugs should not be shown to the public, because they affect in many ways.
“At the end of the procession, the leader of the Salesian Fathers, Fr. Louis Mathias, consecrated the entire North East to the protection of Mary Help of Christians by offering the prayer, 'Ko Mary, we consecrate to you all the mountains, all the forests, all the trees and especially the people of this North East.
The Central Government has agreed to appoint an inquiry into the incident by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) at the request of the Meghalaya Government and the Assam Government.
Heatermoon Ryngkhlem said that the nation is in great danger and this is the last generation to find ways and means to protect our small nation otherwise there will be no one else. no one can do that.
And the whole purpose is to deliver all people from sin from Satan.
In the HSSLC Arts category, Menangmankhraw Kharkongor of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Gaurav Bharali of St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong won the first prize. 468 marks.
Referring to the Salaries and Allowances Amendment Bill, the Minister in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, MM Danggo said that the Act, 1972, has given the MLAs the right to sit in the Legislative Assembly. It was T.200 but now it has been increased to T.
The Sur of Nongmawlai today met with the leaders of various parties including the Congress to confirm their full support for this demand. Renikton L Tongkhar for the HSPDP, Hamletson Dohling for the PDF and Metbah Lyngdoh for the UDP. .
“It is true that it will take months to restore the traffic but the government will try its best to expedite the construction so that the people will not be affected,” he said. Prime Minister.
State of Punjab” and the case “JC Mallick vs Ministry of Railways.
He remains a teacher at the school to this day.
Returning to the Congress, it is expected that the party will re-elect the incumbent MP, Bah Vincent H. Pala from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
If you ask many churches why farmers have to pay taxes, many answer “I don't know, I don't know” and if you ask how this tax has benefited or will benefit farmers, the answer is “I don't know, I don't know!” It doesn't matter because the farmers save the tax collectors.
According to the report, Yuris Khongjoh has lodged a complaint with the police that she has been evicted from the village on suspicion of men-ai-ksuid.
All this is due to the stinginess of our State Government.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Fair Shop Dealers to complete the distribution of PMGKAY rice by 30th November using e-Pos machines.
Dr. KK Pandita said that the food items included vegetables and meat as well.
Shillong: The UHM Jirang Circle under the leadership of its President Bah Center Syngkli has arrested and stopped Dkhars from Assam who used to steal timber from the forest of the District Council in Jirang. The Khar of Assam have been going for many years and that they are not afraid or suidniew of the villagers in the area.
Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency was the chief guest and Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin Constituency was also present as the symbud. important.
On the other hand, the KSU will hold many protests while these demands are not met.
The Hima authorities today conducted an inspection of the market and directed the market dwellers to clear more space from the public road so as not to overcrowd and cause disruption in their traffic. public.
The KSU leader said that the North East region is at great risk of CAB as this Bill will create a great opportunity for Khar Hindus from Bangladesh to come to the country. region.
The number of complaints under the POCSO Act against violence and rape of girls in 2020 was 365 and in 2021 it reached
Shillong, Jymmang 30 : U President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that it is not because of the lack of proper information through the media. The newspaper was sent to Mawphor.
Nongstoiñ, June 2: Rambrai area is in dire need of development works in education, roads, health and others.
The next day, the Rangbah Shnong has promised to meet with the Rangbah Shnong, but he has not yet met with the Rangbah Shnong.
The starting time of the program is 9 o'clock exactly.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Circle in the presence of the Sanmer Village Authority (HYC) Sanmer Village Authority (HYC) Sanmer Village Authority (HYC) Sanmer Village Council (HYC) has seized a truck (No As 25C C8 on the way to Lum Shyllong.
The meeting was held at Lumdiengjri Community Hall, and Bah Paul Lyngdoh (United Democratic Party) reminded the people that it was when he was an MLA that he himself had completed the construction of the same hall.
He graduated in Philosophy from Christ King College, Laitumkhrah and Theology from Oriental Theological College. .
“Aadhar is necessary now to get the benefits, or many benefits, that too we invite the families to come forward”.
The NPP leader said that if Ampareen is elected as MP, she will also be the bridge between the State Government and the Central Government to talk and monitor together when there are problems such as non-release of funds for schemes since the 1990s. MGNREGS, SSA and others.
Dr.HH Mohrmen April 21, 2022 When Damewanhi Rymbai allowed the Jowai Municipal Board to come and clean up the coal mine in Jowai, he did what he said. The government should have done it long ago.
Many of the villages will witness the facts because the presence of various religious groups working day and night in the rural villages has helped a lot to change the lives of the people, said the people.
In the second leg, Lumpyngngad SC beat Lamlynti SC 3-1 at 6:30 pm.
Despite the lack of medals in Shooting and Greco-Roman Wrestling, Indian wrestlers have brought glory to the country by performing well in the CWG with special mention in Wrestling (12) bad Weightlifting (10).
We also inform the Minister that if the State Government does not recognize the prostitution in Meghalaya by law, the time will come when in this time of unemployment, poverty and happiness – u rangli and juki are all dead.
and Armand Ch.
Thus, it is like a briefing or a statement of the people on what the political parties stand for.
The aim is to build clean toilets for the children, the aim of this project is to encourage the children to come to school regularly and also to have a desire to learn.
Richmond Hill Syiemlieh, General Secretary of the party, said, “We have all struggled for education whether in the city or in the countryside, but in the midst of this struggle there are problems and these problems can be overcome through the cooperation between the parents, students and teachers,".
However, the jury said that it has seen in recent days that it is difficult to comment on the concern of the Committee to resolve the issues in the health sector.
Besides Nongthymmai, Sawmer SC, which has qualified for the SPL, is Sawmer SC, which has also qualified for the tournament.
At least seven people were killed and three others went missing after several earthquakes in parts of Yulin in the southern part of the country. Guangxi region.
“After the incident, the Duty Officer, Capt Vikrant Sharma went to the Police Station and released the soldier because the police had treated him badly.
It may be that because of the victory they came to Bhoi on the border of Assam and did not have the strength to stand and fight against the Ahoms, Asoms and Assamese.
The meeting was conducted by Bah G.Marshillong (SDPO) Amlarem. There was also a special song by the Meghalaya Police Cultural Troupe (MPCT) which performed three traditional songs and a song. English to organize the programme.
We have been discussing this issue from time to time and we want this boundary settlement to be completed because we understand that it is a long process and the people have suffered a lot. .
The 10 VDPs who received the cash prizes along with the syrnod include the VDPs of Mynso B, Madankynsaw VDP Unit, Lad-Mukhla VDP Unit, Jong-U-Shen VDP Unit. Muktapur, Southern, Jowai, Amlarem, Myrjai, Sanaro and Priang.
No. 8787475664 or Specialized Adoption Agency, Tichsaw Ph.
It destroys development projects and schemes.
It is worth mentioning that Soso Tham was one of the most intelligent Khasi poets and writers that the Khasi country has produced in the field of literature.
It is a privilege to be employed by Cherra Cements Limited.
Through the eyes man lusts because he looks and sees.
The Minister promised not to forgive those who try to disrupt the work of the government but the RBYF also vowed not to surrender to the government and will continue the office blockade.
The STF has arrested the driver and seized the phensedyl and the vehicle carrying the drugs.
There are currently 107 people undergoing treatment for severe illness.
It is worth mentioning that the family of Kong Nongbri was evicted by the Sordar on 24th March 2014 because she wanted to remove her from the post of aganwadi and forcibly appointed another one. by the city.
“I feel that if I have enough materials, I will be able to complete the Kudi Nar book,” he said.
On the same day, the membership of 10 MLAs was demanded, while Charles Pyngrope and Shitlang Pale have not received any complaint yet.
Shillong, July 24: A youth named Deibor Suchiang, Secretary Village of Ladrymbai Dongwah, has been arrested for allegedly offering a check worth Rs 10 lakh to the husband of a woman. He raped them on the 20th of this month at Ladrymbai Dongwah village and offered them up to T.10 lakh so that they would not reveal the crime.
It is he who sets the price of the goods he sells as well as the goods he buys from us.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has also requested the Rangbah Shnong and the Dorbar Shnong to hand over the responsibility to the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to look after and maintain the Mawjymbuin Crematorium as it is a sacred place. The Khasi Traditional Religion has been around since ancient times.
On the other hand, two organizations from Mawlai including the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle have formed a Joint Action Committee to demand the opening of the Mawlai Community and Rural. Development Block (C&RD) within the boundary of Mawlai Village.
The police should not allow such rioters because it does not lead to good and can only cause evil.
The drill exercise was conducted in collaboration with other government departments such as the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF), Fire and Emergency Services, Police, Health Department, Civil Defence, AADPA Mitra volunteers, schools and colleges. within the district.
“We will hold a meeting with the HSPDP and we will sign together with both parties to invite KHNAM to talks to be on the same platform before the elections,” said Dr Mawthoh.
E.F.Gatphoh, Foundation & Club Trainer, Rtn.
Abednigo Sohtun, Rangbah Shnong Mylliem Square as the Chief Guest, Lamphrang Kharbani President HANM Sengkmie, Bishar Passah, Franky Khongsit and Venus were also present. Rangslang President HANM Upper Shillong Mylliem Circle, Bah Kennedy Langstieh Secretary, members of the Seng Upper Shillong Mylliem Circle.
He said this while speaking at the awarding ceremony of Fivestar Bareh who won the silver medal and Kisan Bareh who won the Champion Belt at the National Mixed Martial Arts Championship held recently in Manipur. The second day was organized by the KSU Jalaphet Unit.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The body of a 50-year-old man was found from Iewduh, Shillong at 8 pm on the 15th of June.
He said that the government has allocated up to 2 lakh tyngka each for the construction of these public toilets, but the construction of these toilets has been completed and not built in places where enough and which also made it impossible for the public to use when they planned to go outside.
Those who have completed Class VII or Class VIII from the village go to school in Nongstoin or Shillong.
Shillong: The NPP candidate for the 2019 MDC election from Nongstoin constituency, Bah Apsharailang Syiem, has started campaigning from his hometown of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng.
Many of the people across Khasi and Jaintia Hills expect the government to be stable whether or not the NPP or BJP is involved and they want a new government in which they expect to see the NPP or BJP. Bah Ardent, Bah Paul and other younger leaders to demonstrate their skills to serve the nation in the next five years.
“We want an answer why people from the opposition and those who used to stand against the Congress and who came in only to get tickets after being expelled from their own parties, were accepted in the “There are no party workers who have been preparing to contest the elections for 10 years,” said Robert K Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banaijingsuk Khongdup Asst Rangbah Shnong of Lumbyrhing, Bah Donbok Kharshandi Rangbah Shnong of Umrangksai, said that they will not allow the shop to open. At the same time, they requested the authorities to take action against the liquor shop, as the residents of these villages are against the liquor shop.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Tripura Legislative Assembly and Tipra Motha Leader Animesh Debbarma on Friday took oath as the Minister of State along with another party MLA Biswa Kety Debbarma. he was appointed Minister of Children.
According to the Longkmie, the market for Sohtrun has declined sharply, where they have to sell only at the price of T.200 per shi. kuri, which means that Sohtrun costs only 10 tyngka each.
The Under-16 National Final of the Coca-Cola Cup (formerly known as the Mir Iqbal Trophy) is scheduled to start in November this year.
The future of chess is getting worse and worse with the increase in unemployment and if there are no ways to fight against it, the future of the youth is in grave danger. time with friends and in the blood pressure if they have many they can do many kinds of things and they are also quick to fall into many evils.
“So if the opposition has points of contention, it should not waste time.
I came here not to do politics but to show that I am with Draupadi.
“Every day, we receive 2-3 complaints from women who have been raped and the task is serious that the Commission has to take responsibility,” she said.
The order was issued in accordance with the powers conferred on the District Magistrate under Section 144CrPC and the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases, COVID-19 Regulations
He said that the PDF will work with the Government for the development of the State and the party will continue to raise issues to improve the performance of the Government. for the benefit of the people of the State.
As a candidate from 3-Ralaing Constituency, he expressed his regret to see the excessive deterioration of the roads in Nongjngi, Nangbah and other areas and this has caused problems to the passengers who need to reach these places. need.
It is on this basis that he has not refused to take responsibility even though the cost of repairing this road is high.
The kidnappers demanded money from the relatives of the child . After receiving a tip , the Sadar PS police started raiding many houses in Shillong and finally arrested them They were abducted from a hotel in Khyndailad.
In Guwahati, there are 144 confirmed cases of covid-1
In a statement, the HNLC General Secretary and Publicity Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, said that after the meeting with the Symbud Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the HNLC leaders have reached an agreement. The peace talks will start in July as reported in the media.
The CEO said the total number of voters in Meghalaya in the Lok Sabha elections is 22,17,100 of which 10,94,947 are males, 11,22,150 are females and 3 are transgender.
Shah said the BJP is confident that it will win the upcoming elections.
In the RTI, he found that the portfolio of the department falls under the supervision of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Chairman Gigur Myrthong and other officers.
The first withdrawal of the former Syiem was on 28th July 2018 from SBI, Sohra Branch which amounted to T.50,0
Speaking to reporters from Jowai, Garod said that the intention to contest this election is after meeting with the residents of 3-Raliang Constituency and many others. I don't have the spirit to give my full support to him at this time.
The Minister has misled by saying that foods that have been made and supplemented with fortified foods should not be given.
We would also like to thank all the delegates from all over the Seng Khasi departments or seinraij who came to stay overnight to help us, who worked hard to meet the needs of these days.
Mr. R Lamar, who was an expert, came to teach the youth how to choose their line of study and how to work hard to succeed in life.
they use only the Village Language.
Referring to the availability of adequate fishing grounds, Ms Kharkongngor said that the district does not have such a place, but although that is a sign of praise to the fishermen who have worked hard and minutes in this field. claim.
“We have explained to everyone that the roster system is an ongoing process.
Glasgow, Scotland's largest council and third largest city in England, has decided to vote in favor of Scottish independence. Dundee, West Dunbartonshire and North Lanarkshire also voted Yes to 194,779 to 169,3
St. Edmund's, which took the lead, scored 118 runs in 10 overs.
Speaking to media, Bah Pual Lyngdoh said that he is very happy to visit this hill which can overlook Nongpoh and other neighboring villages.
Finally, these are the benefits of reading newspapers for students.
Madhoo hopes that perhaps the time will come when the purons will get what they demand and this is also if everyone unites to fight for the same.
Other sources said that the Chief Minister will leave to conclude the festival on the 2nd of June.
What is man, that God remembereth him? The answer is – because man is a spirit, because this spirit man is very precious in the sight of God whom God created – in the image and likeness of God. hi" Genesis 1:26.
Featured Image Source: Bournvita NG.The Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District, Arpit Uphadhyaya, has received a complaint from many churches regarding the illegal mining of land by some unidentified individuals. He said that the district authorities have taken action by directing one of the Magistrates of the district to conduct a thorough investigation into the complaint regarding the illegal mining of the hills and rivers from Byrnihat. ter ter to Khanapara.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has decided to extend the power outage hours in phases.
The Government had decided to set up a mynder check post in Umling Ribhoi district, but the post has turned into a testing centre.
Her husband, Mahesh, also helped to mix the bih with food such as ja, kait and others and distribute it to the people who come to worship.
It is interesting to hear from Fella through the interview that as a member of the traditional religious group, the signs of the rise or return of the Mizo people to their traditional religion are increasing gradually. expect that in the years to come, as a group, it will grow in the number of returnees.
“According to the information of the counting agent at desk no. 4, the EVM at polling station no. 44 Mawrie B was found to be in ON mode which in fact should have been OFF. fashion.
I am proud to announce that Kongthong village in East Khasi Hills is one of the four small villages from India selected for the United Nations World Tourism Organization Best Tourism Village Award.
Nongpoh: Speaking at the meeting to re-establish the office bearers of KSU Byrnihat Circle and three units, including the Killing Unit, Baridua Unit and Pahamlang 17mer Unit, held at Byrnihat, Samla Donald V. Thabah , General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, urged the members of the KSU Sengkmie to cooperate with the Village Authorities of Byrnihat area and that is to turn Byrnihat from the name of the most polluted Byrnihat to the cleanest Byrnihat. air ring soul.
According to a letter signed by SBYWA President Skhembor Shadap, KSU Hingaria Unit President Samson Lamin and Garness Talang, Secretary Hingaria Village. dohum dohpnat by spraying drugs, the bombing of rivers by destroying dohum dohpnat.
So it is up to each of us to think carefully if the conscience is not dead.
In case of death, the Waheh Shnongs should be informed and a register should be kept to write the names and mobile numbers of the mourners and those who are getting married should also be written in the register.
Lamphrang Blah, MDC of the area was the chief guest in the presence of retired teachers, parents of school children and Rangbah Shnongs of Mawngap Rim, Mawkharshiing, Mawngap Khliehshnong and Mawngap Dukan.
Similarly, instead of fighting against our evils or enemies as a society and nation, we fight against each other.
Speaking to media, Bah Gabriel said that this statement of his is exactly as a private individual and a leader elected by the people and not as the Congress.
It is learned that the protests have started in other parts of the state, after the killing of these two men, in which it was also condemned that the police, have failed to protect the lives of these two men. young.
The JHTOA today held an emergency meeting and decided to continue the protest by banning the vehicles carrying dewbilat clinker to Assam passing through Kalain and Silchar.
The children of the king also came out to take part in this annual festival.
Therefore, the Hynniewtrep people have remained in the Hill State of Meghalaya, perhaps being low paid and foreigners in their own country.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah HS Shylla, MDC Mawhati, in the presence of Bah JM Tynsong, EM I/C Market, today inaugurated the market. On Tuesday, the New Nongstoin Market Complex was inaugurated at the New Nongstoin Market Complex.
Speaking on the issue of uranium, the Pastor said that there are two types of uranium mining, one is exploration mining and the other is commercial mining. The KHADC has granted permission to conduct exploratory mining in the state during the tenure of Chief Secretary Bah Arthur Sawian and later by the KHADC. you are not a member of the Atomic Minerel Division (AMD).
However, the MDA:2 government has remained silent and it has been reported that the government will hold a meeting of all parties on the 15th of this month.
Expressing his surprise over this finding, the President of KHNAM Youth Wing condemned the state government for playing with the lives of the people.
He was consecrated Bishop on the 2nd of June at the Phylla Cathedral in Laitumkhrah.
The Mawkyrwat Youth Association has also been able to hold many activities throughout the month starting from 23rd November 2023 and ending on 6th July
Lumshyiap won the cash prize of `12,000/- and Nongkhyriem won the cash prize of `6000/- as the runner up team.
He said that the Government of India and the Government of Assam inherit only what the Dominion of India is entitled to and therefore because the Government of India and the present Government of Assam cannot own and inherit the land. it belongs to the Khasi Hills.
“We appreciate your participation and responsibility as the authority in charge of the customs and traditions and the rule of the Syiem within the Hima,” said Bah Edira.
Except for one woman who sold a shop nearby, no one was seen at the time of the incident as almost all the residents of the village were still in the fields. They have been allowed to return to their fields, said the Rangbah Shnong of Trangblang, Bah Arora Byron Pamksang.
"What shall I say, Father?" asked the father. "How shall I say, father? It is too late, let us talk again, let us think first," said the mother. Mother (Kong Lumspah) understands that it is true.
If we work together, we will not form the VPP,” said VPP spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
We must recognize the path of money,” thought Bhalang alone.
Nongstoiñ, June 23: The residents of Marwa village have lodged a complaint against these trucks which have violated the rules of NGT. Rambrai West Khasi Hills, has expressed its surprise regarding the delivery of bill light by MeECL to some households who have already been cut off. the bording has been in operation for about two years now.
“I have been in the political arena since 2004 and for the first time I visited a place in India where the structures of khadar rule have collapsed.
The repair of the water pipe is in progress and it is expected that the distribution of drinking water will continue until the evening of the 29th of this month.
However, the FKJGP urges the elders and residents of all the villages along the border not to be deceived by the Assam government officials lest they turn around once a day.
The agriculture department of the state government has taken up the issue to advise the chief minister of Kerala, who has approved to make sohphan as the soh of the people of Kerala and it is expected that the announcement will be made. public, out in June 2018.
He said that the land owners have started to harass them but they are afraid because they have started to paid and show force.
Shillong: U Bah Bajop Pyngrope, MDC Rymbrai Jyrngam, on Tuesday said that it is time for the Cabinet to take responsibility to inform the Central Government about the plight of the residents of the state. petrol and diesel prices.
Besides, there were also Karbi armed with Khnam and Ryntieh.
Police sources said that according to a tip received at about 1:30 pm, a body belonging to an elderly man was found in Mawkyrwat market.
