The video, which has been viewed by many, has sparked many comments, with some saying that her struggle will strengthen the Congress, which will increase by 30 to 40 seats. Speaking at a public meeting in Sundernagar, Himachal Pradesh, Ranaut also made a mistake in the past few days between BJP leader Tejashwi Surya and RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav. Ranaut, who is the candidate from Mandi, has strongly criticized Rahul Gandhi, accusing him of being a prince who wants to go to the moon and plant rice. Tejasvi Surya, who wanted to show off, by eating fish and chips.
The injured were taken to hospital for treatment and at the time of writing of this news, the cause of the incident and the names of the injured were not known.
Two children aged 9 and 12 have died after drowning in a river at Syntu Ksiar, Jowai on Thursday.
The Bishop of Garo Hills, Rt.
Ensuring that everyone has access to education up to class 12;ii.
He appealed to the people to cooperate in this regard so that the plans to provide adequate roads will be successful.
This is an unprecedented incident which is against the Constitution of the country and clearly shows the violation of the provisions of the Constitution of the country which is against the will and powers conferred by the “This has shown to the people of the state the corruption of the Congress-led government in the state,” said Dr. Jimmy Momin, President of the NPP West Garo. Hills.
These are the main issues and if the people feel right to give me a chance then they will see what I will do for them in Delhi.
Therefore, the people who have been guarding the village since these prisoners escaped from Jowai District Jail on Saturday, because of the encouragement of the people especially women and children to I Love You and his group came out to protest. They were arrested near the road to Shangpung village to Piah Dong forest near Thadmuhtlong and Shangpung.
The residents of the area are surprised that the police or BSF have not arrested these illegal traders who pass through the road from Satpator, Trangblang, Remshyiap to Amsohrhong. which is a smuggling port for cattle almost overnight.
In the Australian category, Labuschagne remains in first place with 903 rating points while Smith has moved up to second place with 121 and round.
At the time of the incident, the tymmen was at home while her children were not at home. As soon as she heard the fire, the meter box came out. bran bran from the house and fled in fear.
When he turned back to Bah Deng who had decided to take away his beloved at the end of the day, he remembered that that day would be a memorable day in his life.
This is a disease that affects our nation because our leaders do not have the responsibility and vision to do anything so that our nation will remain in its unique snap, which we have been owners of our own land for hundreds of years," said Thabah.
Dr Mukul Sangma has broken the record of other Chief Ministers in his ability to create two districts in Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and North Garo Hills while two districts in Khasi Hills. East Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
It is the most accurate sign that the Last Days have begun, as stated at Daniel 9:2
These Readers include the seeds of Khasi poetry, dramas, short stories and others.
These seven BOPs include Muriap in East Jaintia Hills, Mukroh and Tiwieh in West Jaintia Hills, Rani (Jirang) in Ri-Bhoi and Umwali, Lejadubi and Langpih in West Khasi Hills.
The full office bearers of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit for the year 2022-2025 are President Streamly S. Suchen, Vice President Satly Ryngkhlem, General Secretary Kwilnis Suchiang, Assistant General Secretary Pynshai Dkhar. , finance secretary Shaniah Dkhar, assistant finance secretary Cherity Suja and Khihlang Shylla, organizing secretary Deiniwan Lyngdoh, assistant organizing secretary Olenbat Pdang, Chibait Rymbai and Donbok Mukhim, education secretary Emmon Chyrmang, assistant education secretary publicanhu Santomba Hamepyn, Benkhwan and Benkhwan , assistant publicity secretary Meshak Kyndoh, office secretary Jovelity Dkhar, assistant office secretary Kyrshan Dkhar, environmental & Socio cultural secretary Phanuel Tongper, assistant environmental & socio cultural secretary Poskill Chyrmang, Andronikos Ryngkhlem, sports secretary sportsantyangs Shlemkhr secretary Dhari Rhwari Yooni G.Muksor, disciplinary secretary Ohiwet Rymbai.
Motphran is home to a large number of commercial taxis and passengers.
The tournament, which was held this year, is also part of the selection process for the 2024 Olympic Games to be held in Paris; capital of France.
The High Court also wants the state government to pass a law to regulate the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
The war zone has now attracted many tourists to visit famous places like Krangshuri and Wah Umngot, but the JMB's failure has brought shame,” said the JSU. There is a serious concern that as the rainy season approaches, the Myntdu River will be affected by the flooding of nuts and garbage of various kinds which will affect not only humans, but also wildlife.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday launched more than 200 vehicles for the Police Department.
“As enlightened people, we should strive to overcome such feelings in the society by not looking down on those who have this disease but by playing chess to explain to the public that it is not There should be this feeling but they should be accepted as they are because many times those who get this disease are not because of them,” said the Speaker.
He said that if the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, says that there are no illegal immigrants, he should have sent them away immediately.
However, about this planet which science calls Planet Earth, it should be loved while man is still on this earth.
Meanwhile, the Nongkrem MLA said that the Governor has said that the state government has appointed a retired judge to investigate the incident in Mukroh.
When it was morning, Boaz was surprised to find himself with Ruth in bed.
However, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the matter will be arranged with the Central Government to suspend all the cases registered against the HNLC leaders and members. go chess.
The final will be played at Panaliar Village Stadium on Saturday.
Hungary's parliament on Monday approved Sweden's admission to NATO. to Ukraine.
Speaking at a public meeting at Wahlang village on Thursday, u Bah Synshar said that he will speak out on issues for the country and the nation as well as the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). threaten the Central Government's objective of one religion, one language, and one culture.
He said the examination will start at 9:30 pm while the question will be released at 1:30 pm and the question will be photographed and released on social media.
Endro won the election to the Nongstoin Legislative Assembly in 1978 from the HSPDP.
This year, according to the programme, the competitions will start from 3rd November and end on 3rd November,
At Rosario, the MLA promised the sisters that he will use the MLA scheme for the construction of classrooms and also for the Mawsiatkhnam Presbyterian School to repair the school and to paint the school. you, which you will use in your scheme.
When the former Prime Minister was left behind by the Congress party, Shampliang was led to Mukul Sangma to the AITC.
There are 369 candidates contesting the election and 36 women.
Could this be like those manufacturers and this is something that doesn't please those who release advertisements?
“When you listen to their songs, they are no different from those people who can see,” said the spectators.
Shillong, June 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle in collaboration with the office of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KSU) West, Urban Mission, will hold a public march on the 28th June 2017, at 12 noon. , as a sign of protest against the spread of drugs, which has spread rapidly to destroy the lives of young people.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Lokayukta has demanded a CBI inquiry into the corruption in various departments of the Meghalaya government in connection with the smuggling of goods from the state to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Tata Trusts Centre, Mizoram in collaboration with the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has invited the children of Meghalaya to the selection tournament to be held at the JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong on 22nd June On the 23rd, only those who have been selected on the 22nd will be invited for the hearing from 9PM-12 Noon at the MFA Ground, Polo.
We should not want to be like the Sier Lapalang, the Klew and the Sun.
There were 27374 candidates who sat for the HSSLC examination and 21833 candidates passed and the pass rate was 79.76%.
The incident occurred when the MLAs threw trees during the casting of votes.
At the same time, KHNAM expresses its support to the KHADC for its intention to fulfill its duties as empowered by the Constitution of the country through the 6th Scheduled.
MeeCL has cut off the electricity supply in the area after it appeared in the media that some households have stolen electricity supply from the motorway.
Speaking to reporters, Pangniang said, “Before the CC which is composed of all the political parties in the MDA government chaired by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, I have put request to amend this Khalai Act.
He said that according to the RTI received from the Board, the number of students taking Khasi subject is very low in the urban areas and there are schools which do not have enough to take Khasi here in the urban areas.
Meghalaya's efforts to create chances were not in vain after Sheen Sohktung scored the third goal in the 77th minute. Kerala's Sarath KP sent Sheen to the box.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: “It is to be recalled that the area on the border that the Assam government has occupied is about 2765.14 square kilometers,” said Bah Hindro Samakha, Chairman Raidmynsaw.
“We will not use only the Acting Syiems,” he said.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday said that the party will hold a CEC meeting tomorrow to discuss the main issues to be taken before the Minister of Home Affairs. midday on the day of his arrival in Shillong.
If you have to sit far away when riding a bus, when riding a taxi, if you have to stand far away, when going to buy kyiad, if you have to sit far away, when going to work in government offices, if you have to sit far away Therefore, what is the prohibition to hold religious services by the same rule, because we believe that the religious groups themselves, will not violate at all, as some have knieh line in banks, cut lines in liquor stores and so on.
Speaking to media, Samla Banseng Sohiong Secretary of the union said that the union is deeply concerned about the speeding of vehicles in Bhoirymbong area which can endanger the people in their journey. It is on this basis that the union has erected signboards in the area in the presence and collaboration of the Dorbar Shnongs to warn the people not to drive vehicles. However, to drive slowly especially in crowded places and if found guilty, the union will take strong action.
Dr. Yogendra said that the world today through the age of technology can give the opportunity to people to share their feelings on various issues.
Commenting on a statement issued by the ACHIK, Tura, which said that anyone who has any complaint regarding the Reservation Policy can appeal to the Supreme Court, the HITO said. He said that this statement is shocking because in fact, the Meghalaya High Court should go first, and if it does not agree with its decision, it can go to the Supreme Court.
The Bill has been opposed by many parties within the MDA coalition government. It is learned that many parties have appealed to Conrad on the Bill and now it is said that Conrad he had to hurry down to Delhi to negotiate for the matter.
Women also participate in politics and are government ministers.
However, to achieve this goal has not been easy without many challenges especially in the field of data collection and information, said Marak in reply to a short duration discussion by the VPP MLA from North Shillong Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the Legislative Assembly.
Arkwis Wanniang of Laban was named man of the match.
John 3:16 Therefore, man is precious in the sight of God.
Furthermore, regarding the 5% salary increase per annum, the FASTOM leadership will continue to monitor this, said Samla Mayborn.
What is commendable is that in many of these places, the people have wanted one job rather than the coal mining which puts their lives at risk.
The cause of death was reported as type I respiratory failure, pneumonia with ARDS, septic shock and hypertension.
Volunteers of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) have gone to many markets and public places wearing their uniforms with leaflets in Iawmusiang, Ladthadlaboh and other places as well as to their homes to preach the campaign. Social Distancing to fight against the spread of Coronavirus.
“I’m not the only one who loses, we all lose.
Finally, she will have to contest independently again like she contested for MLA in the Shella constituency recently.
" Rida replied.
However, he said it is the duty of the State Government to explain to the public about the importance of the railway line to the State.
Pynshngaiñ said that if the government holds the mid-term elections, it will have to spend from the District Council's funds. it sells to understand that the Council is in the midst of a cash crunch.
There are tourists from Assam who sing songs until 10 am.
In the final, 30-year-old HS Prannoy won 21-19, 13-21 and 21-18, a victory that came after 94 minutes of play.
Furthermore, due to the delay of the government in releasing the funds, no one can support the equipment to the VECs, and if the VECs do not accept the Work Orders, the BDOs are forced not to accept them. At the same time, the Union has urged the government to re-establish the Area Employment Councils, as many of the EACs are no longer functioning and the government has wasted the money. to build buildings and others.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Vigilance Cell-III of MePDCL has conducted a surprise inspection of Kut, Puriang, Pyndenglitha, Majai, Diengrai, Cherra Town, Mawten, Nonglang and Marshyllong villages in East and West Khasi Hills. Hills District from 04th November to 04th July 16, 26 households were found to have stolen electricity.
Meanwhile, Niaw Wasa, which played at home, will receive more support from the spectators as it is a club from Jaintia Hills.
The decision was taken at a meeting attended by about 300 supporters of the Mawhati Democratic People's Forum (MDPF) including the elderly, women and youth. fall within the zone
The HYC also questioned how the Minister has estimated the cost of a project without including the GST price. “It is because we want the people to understand that we demand that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah He should explain how the cost of installing 1,80,000 smart meters has reached about Rs 232 crore because the price of one smart meter is only Rs 3,750,” said Bah Roykupar.
Let your hands be like taner and accept that the candidate election is spending money on you now.
“On the other hand, this famous actor has encouraged us and asked us to take the film to Mumbai to watch.
The incident happened at around 3 pm when a Mahindra (ML 05 H 3500) overturned in the middle of the road at 19 mer while it was on its way to Guwahati. The vehicle overturned in the middle of the road and many of the people stopped at the scene to catch the bseiñ. It is learned that the driver of the vehicle sustained minor injuries.
He said the government has suggested that there should be strong cooperation between the police, district authorities and the people to curb crime.
In the inquiry of U Nongsaiñ Hima, the drivers said that once the parking lot is closed, they will have to park on the side of the road near the Mawlai auto rickshaw parking lot.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 11: Kobit Ch Marak, Area Commander of the GNLA (GNLA) West Khasi Hills, has been arrested. Superintendent of Police (SP) West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, Nongshram.
He said that according to the Detail Project Report (DPR), there will be 183 shops and parking space for 100 vehicles inside the new market in Laitumkhrah.
After the speech by Pastor PBM, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who explained why KHNAM has chosen to support Pastor PBM and not the UDP. He said that now they don't want to unite just for words or for the sake of seats. “It's time to unite. for the sake of the nation,” said Bah Nongrum.
After watching the video, the Parish authorities have lodged a complaint at the Laitumkhrah Police Station against the unidentified person.
The deceased were identified as Trisdalin Shangpliang (mother) with her 4 month old child, Kamurstar Shangpliang (9 years old), Sngewbhalang Shangpliang. (6 years old), Beddingstar Shangpliang (5 years old), Shishalin Shangpliang (2 years old), 7 months old child who has not been named.
The Government has a clear approach, and emphasizes on self-employment as the primary goal of creating and providing jobs in the state.
“However, the land in Mawbah is not under the European Ward, therefore, we will talk to each other before we take a decision because this land which the government wants is not as we decided that day,” he said. Gurjit Singh said.
There are three types of stones, Mawpar, Mawlen and Mawiong or Kashar, according to the owners.
A Meghalaya where the citizens have faith and trust in the Government and a stable Meghalaya.
The awards were presented by Samla George C.Sunn who was the Chief Guest on behalf of his father Bah JA Lyngdoh (who could not attend for unavoidable reasons) who was a former MLA of Mawphlang Constituency in the past.
Israel can have friendly relations with other countries of the world but not with the United States.
In the video, it was seen that these men, asked for money from these women, in order to go to sleep with them and these young women, they gave and it was at that time, that these men, The men, they asked for forgiveness from these young women.
Also present on the occasion were Bah G.Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner, SI Laso, Assistant Executive Engineer PWD. (Roads) Mawkyrwat Sub Division and other government officials of the district.
These are: Smooth Cayenne, Queen, Ripley Queen and Spanish.
Nongstoin, 7 Nailar: Following a complaint from the residents of Nongstoin area, regarding the increase in the number of robbers, who used to rob and steal offices and schools in the Nongstoin area, the Nongstoin Police Station, has launched a Nongstoin Police Station on Saturday last month, the Nongstoin Police Station has arrested four suspects involved in the theft. steal from thiem.
Dr Mansukh said that at present, no proposal has been accepted for the upgradation of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong to the status of AIIMS, but there is a proposal for the upgradation of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong. NEIGRIHMS has been declared an INI (Institute of National Importance) and this will be approved by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government.
The women were reportedly survivors of prostitution for the past 20 years while stationed by foreign troops in Afghanistan.
The Lamphang, in his speech, also urged the owners of vehicles to pay the taxes exactly and pay the taxes with the provision of documents, in order to avoid being fined, because now it is impossible. The Digital System has been implemented from Delhi.
“The purpose of the committee is to find out the truth and many times it has been found that when the Meghalaya government authorities visit this place, the residents express their desire to be in Meghalaya. The Regional Committee has been appointed to visit the Assam government to resolve the issue. " he said.
“Candidates who have completed the screening test will only appear for the screening test,” the newspaper said.
In North Garo Hills, there are 15 cases, in Ribhoi 57 cases and these include 6 cases in District Jail, 11 cases in Diwon, 5 cases in Sumer, 7 cases in Umbir and 6 cases in Umshaken.
However, these same people are the corrupt officials of the government and have not fulfilled even one of their thousands of promises.
Raina has announced his retirement from the World Cup after MS Dhoni announced his retirement from the World Cup.
The former AIG said that according to the Rules and Standard Guidelines, the Director General of Police of Meghalaya has the right to use a vehicle worth T.12 lakh. The Carnival Limousine he used cost about T.40 lakh which the DGP had no right to receive.
On the other hand, Bah Julius Dorphang himself said that he has not yet decided whom to support and he said that he cannot say whether he will contest or not in the upcoming MDC election. In his own opinion, he said that he would not fight.
On the other hand, the union had also spoken to the doctor on that day and she apologized in front of the patient who accompanied the union, saying that it was because of the heavy workload she had done. I didn't speak in harsh words that night because I was on duty alone at the hospital.
Whoever wants it should provide for all his needs without partiality.
On the night of Tuesday, about 200 armed men believed to belong to the Arambai Tenggol group attacked the residence of the Additional Superintendent of Police. (ASP), Moirangthem Amit, in Imphal East, and abducted him along with one of his bodyguards.
However, SCA-A reached 46/3 in the second innings to take the team to more than 37 runs.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong today was 11.8 degrees Celsius, the maximum temperature was 2.7 degrees Celsius, Sohra was 14.0 degrees Celsius. The lowest temperature was 4.8 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 17.4 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 5.0 degrees Celsius.
He was the second highest run-scorer in the tournament with 154 runs.
Members of the Khooid Ya Wah Myntdu under the leadership of President Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat on Tuesday conducted an inspection and found that the color of the Wah Myntdu has changed due to construction. The road from Treiongriang to Lad Demthring has been repaired.
The High Court has directed the state government and MeECL to submit a written notice to it and to show the current and future measures available and to calculate the electricity requirement and at the same time to show the what to do if there is a shortage of power plants and what other sources of electricity can meet the need.
That shows the size of the market and the number of customers standing in front of the door,” said Halbert.
Many of the passengers especially those who are sick have been stuck in traffic jam from Tongseng to Umkiang, Ratacherra especially in the temple area for many hours due to the lack of vehicles such as coal trucks. overloaded and these are part of the traffic jam along the NH-6, he said.
Besides being a poor state and having to take a lot of money, the government still has time to spend on projects that do not benefit the people.
Suggestions that our bedrooms should be quiet to help us sleep.
A man cannot be treated like a cow, to whom the word says: “Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of an ox, when he is devoured.
“He said unto him, A certain man made a great supper; and he bade many: and he sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; who were invited, “Come, for all things are now ready.” But those who were invited did not come because they had their own reasons.
Larihun Songthiang (4, 21 mins), Melaribha Lyngdoh (25 mins) and Sodawanki Suchiang (42 mins) were enough for the girls of Iewrynghep Secondary School (East Khasi Hills) to beat the team. and 4-2 against North Liberty.
At the same time, the union said that if the government opens the college to the public, it should also provide roads, electricity and water supply inside the college.
He compared that the patriotism among these heroes came from the love of their people and the land with all their hearts and the exact knowledge of the border.
It is learned that it is the house of Bah Wanmon Pohshna who has five children and one month and a half old.
"There are many more I would like to mention, but I don't think it's useful to confuse myself or the readers.
He said that FIFA has taken action not only in words but also in deeds.
They said that agriculture has been severely affected, water wells have been destroyed and even households have been destroyed due to the flooding every year. Bangladesh.
Ladthadlaboh beat Newhill 45-19 while Don Rua beat Onyx 72-2
Therefore, the head of the BRO should not be charged, said Gao.
“I saw you coming soon.
In 1992, the Chief Minister, in the midst of four years, took a decision for peace and tranquility.
The runner from the State, who works under the Excise Department of the State Government, finished in 8:47:29 seconds.
Hep was ready to let Lydia know that his family was at peace with her.
We as the people are sad and sorry to see such acts that damage the environment.
The total number of cases has risen to 31 and 17 are still infected.
“How much these four buses earn and how much the government earns, if the four bus parking lot at Mawblei is a parking lot, it is one of the corruption cases,” she said.
Shillong, Lber 6: The wife of teacher David Maxeneir T Sangma, who was killed in Garo Hills, has decided to lodge another complaint to demand strong punishment for the killers of her husband.
He said a petition has already been submitted to the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma on these demands.
Shillong: The Special Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today unanimously approved a resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit (Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873) in Meghalaya. also to fully implement the Citizenship Amendment Act
Culture, inheritance and others make Khasi women strong and thus they have the voice and power to take part in any activities that affect the future of the nation.
However, the political leaders have accused the two parties of supporting Pynshngaiñ as supporting the Congress which is no different from Dr. Mukul Sangma.
"As we know that our society is the one who gives birth to women, not only gives birth to women but the inheritor of all property.
He said that the statue and others were created by the famous artist, Raphael Warjri after his presentation of several paintings through Power Point, including videos and finally, was accepted by the Ministry of Arts and Culture.
Dr. Mukul also criticized the government for ignoring the problems and struggles faced by the residents by saying that it has forgotten and given only the problems to the residents who have passed away. age, mothers who raise children, farmers and others.
Therefore, the union condemns this incident without mentioning the shortcomings of anyone and urges that such incidents should not happen again.
Saikia, Chief Spokesperson of NEIGRIHMS, said, “Doctors have been cold to see the injuries of the man. In fact, we didn't know at first that he was still alive,” said the doctor of NEIGRHIMS. their is successful.
He said the main gate of the hostel is open from 8 pm and closed until 10 pm.
He said that scientists are their example and their research and hard work has shown that we can do anything if we put our minds to it.
“I respect Vincent H Pala, but when it comes to the aspirations of the constituency, it is necessary to replace not only the MP but also the party.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the Minister of Finance, today presented the budget of T.1,323 crore for the in the year 2019-2
But now this glory is gone.
At the time of writing, Amritpal Singh has not been found since police conducted a search operation against him and members of the Khalistan Waris Punjab De party on October 18, about three months after he and his assistants went to visit the Ajnala police station near Amritsar to ensure that there would be no problem in the release of you are a man who has been saved.
The Technical Conduct Committee of the Meghalaya Games-2024 has met under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA and Chairman of GTCC in the presence of Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary & Secretary, GTCC, Bah.
The identity of the deceased and the cause of death are not immediately known.
The President of Meghalaya has said that the party will contest at least 54 constituencies in the 2023 elections.
CATHRINE’s poor.9862902784.
At the condolence meeting, held on 23rd June 2020, I said that Bah Nongsiej, is a crime master, or who never loses news of shootings, killings, arrests and in times of strength. Nongsiej, a member of the HNLC, has been receiving rumors about the fighting between the HNLC and the police and the fighting of the police against the HNLC.
According to these elders, due to the lack of attention of the Hima Mylliem to clean up the Umsning Market, there was a time when the market was knieh noh by the KSU during the tenure of President Bah Peter. Kylla and the KSU have been waiting for only about six months to collect revenue from the Hima Mylliem and at that time they said that a public toilet has been built in the market.
Obil Kyndait, we on behalf of Ka Sur U Paitbah East Jaintia Hills, send our heartfelt condolences to you, the wife, children and all the family members of Ma Obil Kyndait.
While we cannot have our own, the benefit will be for Asom (Guwahati) while the loss will be for us.
The MDA Government and the Police Department are surprised that our team has done this in a high security area.
However, the worst train accident in Italy was in 2022, when two railway employees were killed and 31 passengers were injured. of this train near Lodi, south of Milan.
Dr. Aman War also congratulated the Seng Samla Nongmali and the village for doing this good and beneficial work for the residents of the village. We are pleased to bring together the MHIS team so that the people can register themselves and wish it to continue to progress in all aspects.
They expressed their regret that if the working method of the contractors is in this way, the road which is still clean will not benefit the people because the working method has not been recognized that the road will not be clean. late.
The bus service has resumed after a short suspension after passengers complained about the excessive use of commercial taxis costing up to T.1800 spah from Shillong to Kad Liengsuin at Umoi.
So when we remember our heroes, let us inculcate in our hearts the spirit of service to our state and country.
Five Congress MLAs have left the dorbar today to protest against the order of the party leaders and tonight, seven of them have resigned from their posts as MLAs. letters of resignation to the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS. gave words of greeting.
It happened exactly as God had promised, for God does not lie.
Nongsiej said that he had gone to campaign for the party candidate as soon as the office sent him to campaign, and due to the shortness of time, the party had to campaign. He was divided into groups to go to their respective places, but even after being divided into groups, there were still places where he and Bah Ardent were together to invite the people to some places. “To accuse Bah Ardent of not meeting Bah Ardent is wrong, and even the people those who are present at these meetings can testify to it.
On the other hand, the party also extended its congratulations to Mukhim.
The union has demanded that the State Government should address these shortcomings in the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
Participants were allowed to sing their own songs, or any songs previously composed by others, either in Khasi or English.
“As a party, we have our own expectations and there is no doubt.
The Lamphang's remarks came after the increase in the number of cases of Coronavirus in Assam.
Nine people have died of COVID-19, bringing the death toll to 1040 in the state, while 710 new cases were reported on Tuesday.
Especially the office bearers of the rural organizations from the Dorbar Shnongs and traditional organizations are still very few in this regard.
Recently, the Ministry of Health through DHS (MI) clarified that these drugs that were dumped were expired, and the failure to use these drugs was due to due to COVID-1
Bimal Store.5.
When asked how much damage has been caused, Pastor Bareh said, “We have already counted the damage and it has reached T.98 lakh”.
This defeat will also be India's second consecutive defeat in the final of the World Test Championship, after being beaten by New Zealand in this is the lympung.
There were various programs such as Bible Quiz, Subject Speaking Competition, Song Competition, Bible Bee, Preaching Service, Cleaning Drive within the village boundary, Futsal match and others.
On the other hand, the family members of Junel Tongper expressed their gratitude to the BSF for his return.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawthlong Mynsaiñ has held a public meeting after the police arrested these three persons for further investigation into the incident on Saturday. on Social Media.
So what happened to the hymn we want to know the truth"
It is amazing to fast for 10 days, without food but only with water and confirmed by the doctors who gave the report.
Regarding these issues, the residents of the area request the relevant authorities to take the necessary action otherwise they will have to appeal to the higher authorities to take the necessary action. .
In a recent incident, 80 doctors of Saroj Hospital, Delhi, have tested positive for covid-1 A senior doctor of the hospital has died of covid-1
The truck was on its way to Guwahati, but when it reached the crossroads, the truck suddenly overturned.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has written a letter to the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju. Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for Home Affairs, told reporters.
Pala said that the Regional Committees set up by the two states are headed by politicians and MLAs. to do the work only for the benefit of a few politicians but not for the benefit of the state as a whole.
He said the party will leave it to the MDCs to take any decision as this is the responsibility of the District Council.
“Now we are listening and we will announce in the coming months,” said Bah Mylliemngap.
The Joint Action Committee (JHTOA) and the All Jaintia Hills Truck Owners (JHTOA) and the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transports Association (AJCCTA) have accepted the new price for transportation of trucks and stand firmly against it. “We don't get the right price for transporting goods, but the government through the Transport Department has decided to increase the price of goods. “It is a great blessing to all the drivers and owners of trucks in Jaintia Hills and the State,” said Nidamon Chulet after a meeting held on Tuesday at Hynniawmer, West Jaintia Hills District.
However, at the same time, some members of the opposition have expressed their dissatisfaction with the postponement of the dorbar for a few days as the dorbar will be held only on the 16th, 17th, 21st, 22nd and 23rd.
Kong Ampareen and others would be pleased to clarify this point, because if they are willing, they can join hands.
“We are not allies of the NDA,” he said in a statement, adding that the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) has already held a meeting with all the ethnic parties once in the past to discuss development activities within the area.
In his speech, he urged the State Governments to provide assistance and support for the implementation of all the schemes and programs of the DFPD. fortified rice in all government programs before 2023-2
In the Men's Single Senior, Enrique Nongrum won by defeating Phrangsngi L Nongbri.
Shillong, November 02 : The Congress has nominated Superintendent of Customs, Bah SWOsborne Kharjana as the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has lifted the Micro Containment Order in Shangpung Moolibang and Shangpung Mission after the decrease in the number of cases of COVID-1
Spending on health; as well as the preparation of health facilities.
The final was held today at the Indoor Stadium Nongstoiñ with 307 matches and 22 events in which EKH won 15 victories, WKH 4 victories and WJH 3 victories. different levels and games.
The one-day tournament was inaugurated by Bah Damang Synkon, District Sports Officer (DSO), South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of teachers from five schools. of students who are participants.
The implementation of this project will ensure the availability of water in the villages as well as the distribution of water to the rice fields.
Roshan Naorem sent a shot to Mourtada Fall, but Phurba Lachenpa sent the ball into the net before Roy Krishna sent the ball into the net. .
From Meghalaya, only one winner of the National Award will be Gamchi Timre R. Marak.
When he joined the NPP, Bah Donkupar Sumer also left his mother's house in Sumer accompanied by his mother and thousands of supporters.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1400 with three deaths and 169 new cases on Tuesday.
He said that in the coming days, the party will set up offices in Jail Road, Police Bazar, Police Bazar, Police Station Road, Oakland and Governor's House where the office bearers will be included in the office. the Executive Committee.
Not only that, it was also seen that the Government of India has already decided to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act in the State and this shows that if the Act is implemented, it will be a success. Assam has benefited greatly in two areas, namely the adoption of the census year from 1951 and the ILP Act. protect the identity of the Assamese.
The FIR was lodged at Rajabala Police Station.
According to them, the resignation of the FKJGP is due to the lack of leadership of the FKJGP, South West Khasi Hills District and there is a misunderstanding among the members. which works.
Any complaints received after this deadline will be dealt with in the usual manner.
This group will look into the jobs that should be shared by the youth of the area and those that should not be exploited either by foreigners or others who intend to earn their own income. and affect the people in society.
The video was reportedly shot near the city of Sanaa, where 20 militants of the group were well prepared with heavy weapons and other weapons.
The mid-term elections in Meghalaya will be held in 13th Mawryngkneng (ST), 24th Mawphlang (ST) and 47th Rajabala.
College students, NCC members, members of various Dorbar Shnongs and members of Self Help Groups attended the event.
We find Mt.28:6; Lk.24:3 – And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.
In addition, the organization seized the drugs they used and subsequently burnt them.
These four persons have been ordered not to leave their homes without permission from the Government.
“There is no decision in the Executive Committee to spend money in Delhi, it surprises me to see in the newspapers that KHADC has spent up to T.9,88,735 lakh just to pay for airfare and T. ,08,750 lakh for their vehicle and food expenses,” said James Sylliang.
He also promised that the vacancies at the PHC will be given first to the villagers who have qualified.
The Church which is the bride of Christ is nothing but the 'Family of God' (CCC No.1655).
“We are fortunate that here in Meghalaya, we have the Meghalaya State Commission for Women which provides peace to women, not only peace to women but there are many opportunities,” she said.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) today paid tribute to Wanlambok Rani, a 15-year-old boy from Umden Arka, Umroi, who has rescued four people. people, who almost drowned on the 12th of July in the Umiam River in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Lber 29: The All Meghalaya PWD (RB) Association (AMOE) on Tuesday held a protest to demand the re-appointment of Adhoc employees in the PWD department. after being dismissed from this department.
Donbok said that in the petition, it was informed that some children come from rural areas far from the city and do not have adequate accommodation or hostels, while others have Karbi Hostel which is far from the city. The Pine Mount School is located near the government.
Mawkyrwat, July 25: Leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress Committee (MPMC) today visited the Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress Committee (MPMC) to discuss the 2023 MLA elections. Mawkyrwat for the meeting of the Women's Congress Mawkyrwat Block where the meeting was held at the party headquarters at Mawlangwir village.
He said that all the Hima should have Executive Dorbars, which means that the Basan and Ministers are already members of the EC Dorbar. “That is the Khasi people's rule and the traditional rule,” said Bah Pangniang.
“However, for two years we have not received anything,” said the MLA. He said that six months ago, he had already raised this question in the House but the answer he received was that the the state government will negotiate with the central government.
He is a member of HNYM Mawjam Unit, Mawkynrew.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: There are now three active cases of Covid-19 in the state, three from East Khasi Hills District and two from Ri-Bhoi District.
The other leaves should be removed from the lower leaves which can cause the stems to fall into the ground when planting these shylluid near the stems.
The most interesting thing that Fr.Sylvanus said at the meeting was that some of our leaders have come to him to ask for advice on how to raise this issue in the Legislative Assembly. He said that at that time Bah AL Hek and Kong Jopsimon Phanbuh were the two leaders of the state. What surprised him was that those books which he had handed over to these two leaders had reached the hands of a foreigner, who by his advice (Sylvanus) had been able to seize them. Babu Sylvanus said that this shows the weakness of the people of this nation.
Let us turn to the playground, or the search for gifted children in the remote villages, the encouragement through scholarships and the establishment of academies to teach gifted children to dance. Choose those who have the talent to reach the top of the list.
According to information, the villages in Mawlai which have installed new water tanks are Mawlai Nongpdeng, Mawlai Phudmuri, Umjaiur, Mawlai Mawdatbaki Bus Stand and so on. ktieh already.
He said that he has been building the statue for about three months. “I built it in my spare time, I don't have any idea, it's just that I built it, I built it with wood. , because I didn't think and I built only when I had time – the shape of the tree didn't come well,” he said.
The election was held on the 2nd of this month in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing.
“We have decided to release the names of about 10 candidates in the first phase,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh.
“Of course, we welcome everyone and we have always told everyone that whoever joins should be not on condition.
Besides, the Minister of Taxation said that the villagers will benefit only from the profits of the casino and related activities.
If you earn the wrong righteousness, it is a sin that will destroy you in the days to come.
The song is taken from the Hindi song, “Yeh Jo Des Hai Tera and Maa Tujhe Salaam”, sung and composed by composer AR Rahman.
Throughout the day, the Fit India plede was also read out as part of the Government of India's goal to make citizens healthier by participating in social activities. you play various sports.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the State Government really wants a goods train to Byrnihat but not a passenger train.
The suspect was identified as Barwel Bang, 22, son of Rin Suchiang, from Ialong Mission.
He also directed that the slaughterhouses should be cleaned properly according to the rules laid down by the Department of Agriculture of the State Government.
Mawkyrwat, July 30: The District Medical & Health Officer (DM&HO) in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District has celebrated the National Day. Special Blood Donation Day 2023 at Madan Artificial Turf, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District.
At the time of writing, police and residents of these two villages are still searching for the missing two persons.
Public servants in Wales have decided to hold a mass strike against the government next January over their salaries.
Father Manbha and Garhard Albert encouraged the farmers to work hard to increase the production of this crop.
“It depends on what the report will explain.
However, these days, since the BJP came to power, these principles of freedom and equality have begun to be violated, which has now put the minorities at risk.
Shillong: The construction of the Central Agriculture University (CAU) at Kyrdemkulai, Ri-Bhoi District, has been delayed due to the lack of land for the construction of the Administrative Building at Umiam, Ri-Bhoi. .
The areas covered by the curfew are all Municipal areas, all Cantonment areas, all areas of Mawlai Block, all areas of Mawpat Block, all areas of Mylliem Block, including Umshyrpi to 7mer and onwards. the fields, the fields, the fields, the fields, the fields, the fields, the fields.
The death toll in the state has risen to 29,1
The candidate whom Bah Amazing first supported was Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who contested from the UDP, but after his death before the polling day, it was temporarily suspended. Amazing has resurrected the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. state, Mr. Prestone Tynsong.
With this goal, Meghalaya was encouraged to score another goal and tried to break through the strong defenders of Mizoram but the players of Mizoram managed to score. They scored two goals before the end of the first half.
““4.
He said that the battlefield has already been opened but they must fight against the goal to win and we know that we will not fail if the youth hold on to the foundation as you took the oath when you were the leaders. He is also a full member of the KSU. He would also like to extend his special thanks to all the parents of the youth of the jaidbynriew who have sacrificed themselves in many fields through the support of their parents and others. Even for the sake of the people, they have been encouraging and supporting the KSU until now.
She expressed her full support to the Seng Khasi Mylliem to stand firm without fear until they get their rights.
According to reports, gunshots were heard near the restaurant in Pelga Dare, and the sound prompted police to launch a search operation.
According to the order, no one is allowed to enter or leave the Containment Area and all residents of Panaliar have been ordered to stay at home until further notice.
She was darker skinned, wearing a gray sweater, a blue dress, a blue and white striped shirt.
Conrad also criticized the decision of the KHADC Special Session to adopt the ILP and said that the ILP does not fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council or the state government. “It is under the jurisdiction of the District Council or the State Government but it is part of the Parliament, they can discuss it but it is the duty of Parliament to pass laws,” he said.
He sends blessings to those who obey and curses to those who fight against him.
DS Rynjah and this person, can see, read and witness for themselves that WE DO NOT USE ANY MEMBERS OF IT. He has appealed to the residents of Shillong and Rynjah to help him track down a person (whom he said is a 'thei nuti) whom he suspects may be the carrier of the coronavirus. , because he explained that all the people who have met him in the past few months, have been infected with this terrible disease.
Finally, the General Observer also explained to the Assistant Returning Officers, Zonal Magistrates, Sector Officers and Booth Level Officers on the duties they have to fulfill for the smooth running of the election. They also said that they have to follow the rules of the Election Commission of India for the smooth running of the election to be held on 27th June in the state.
“Therefore, DoNER needs to immediately address this issue so that the youth who are eligible to pass the Civil Service examination can be given the opportunity to go to training centers in Delhi or in state.
Don’t go alone, big businessmen, they have pistols/rifles.
Once Psiar and Khanduli have been resolved, it will be difficult to resolve Block-I,” said the Forum.
S 30) Andaman Nicobar – Navy Children School -South Andaman – Kazi Ryan Hossain & Aynul Hayat 31) Telangana – Jubilee Hills Public School – Hyderabad – Vinayak Bhardwaj & Mohak Dugar 32 Ladakh – Govt Higher Secondary School, Akchamalgis – Kargil -Nar Zahir Abass 33) Rajasthan – St Pauls Sr Sec School – Udaipur – Nalin Bansal & Hunar Pandya 34) Dadra Nagar Haveli, Daman & Diu – Alok Public School – Dadra Nagar Haveli -Mohit Nilesh Patil & Divyansh Sharma 35) Karnataka – Kendriya Vidyalaya Brbnmpl Mysuru – Mysore – Namrata Sanjiv Gunjikar & Yandrapu Indu Hasini 36) Kerala – Govt.
Saleng also questioned whether the people from the low income families are able to buy their daily necessities.
If you criticize the District Council and the Hima Mylliem, we will not allow those who spread the Khasi land,” said Kong Marweiñ.
Amlarem: The Lamin Pyllun Dorbar Shnong, today honored Dimarkithmu Gayang who came in the 5th position in the Top Twenty of the SSLC of the MBOSE this year. The 1st Position was awarded to Deiwamang Khonglah and Saia Lamin who were also students of Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Secondary School Lamin.
New Delhi: The curfew in the state of Delhi will be in force for seven days from 10 pm today until 5 pm on Monday. you can't come.
“The SSA teachers' union questions the government whether it can transfer the posts of teachers appointed by the SMCs and not by the government,” said the statement.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lakmen Rymbui demanding the immediate removal of the SDP of Sohra within 48 hours. Civil Sub-Division Giri Prasad.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The FKJGP has proposed to the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to come to the peace talks table with the Government to reach peace and reconciliation. problems relating to the State.
The swearing-in ceremony of Conrad K. Sangma and his Cabinet was held in front of the Raj Bhavan in Shillong.
stemsshilong@gmail.com.
Interestingly, many of the opposition parties have shared the same view in supporting the initiative to fight against the ruling party.
Acting President and General Secretary of the Khasi Women's Association, Bah O. Pyngrope and Bah Hainess Marbaniang, members of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Women's Association, Mrs. Baiantimon Blah, Mr. members of the Women’s Society, parents of the laureate children and others.
Phramer, while chasing the target set by CYC Mowkaiaw, finished in 28 overs for the loss of 9 wickets.
After its publication in the gazette, we will draw up rules for the implementation of this Bill in all the areas under the KHADC,” he added.
The Minister of State in charge of the Khyndai Lad area has decided to turn the entire Khyndai Lad area into a pedestrian area. Instead of being disturbed by vehicles and the noise of the vendors, the Khyndai Lad will become a place where the people can walk safely with the noise of the market vendors. music that will entertain and delight the passers-by and the tourists alike.
The relocation of the EE North Jowai office will be for the convenience of the residents of these two constituencies.
"Rida replied and began to cry. "Drink it, son, don't cry, if you are quick to leave now, but if you are not quick now, I will come tomorrow to get medicine," said NiakhaMarsien. Hearing this word, the mother of Rida was like a sword.
These Dorbar Shnongs who held a meeting with the KSU leaders decided to urge the Dorbar Shnongs to call the tynghung by directing the owners of houses to inform the Dorbar Shnongs if There are any newcomers who enter the villages especially those who come from outside the state before giving away their houses or before signing any agreement.
Immediately after learning of the incident, the residents and village leaders of Khongshnong as well as from Iooksi and Saphai areas rushed the injured passengers to hospital.
Meanwhile, Ridamaya Passah and Tanvi Marak have also qualified for the preliminary round and are waiting to complete two more auditions to reach the grand finale.
He said that in the past when there was a shortage of motor vehicles and doctors in the village, the poor women faced many problems but through the efforts of Kong Dorothy to give birth to many children. Even after there are doctors and nurses inside the hospital, the women don't want to go to the hospital but they want to be treated by Kong Dorothy.
According to the KSU leader, many of the areas affected by the smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis in the morning are also in Nongsohphan and some in the areas of Nongsohphan. Nongshken (not far from the Kashmir River).
Other speakers on the occasion included Rupert Momin, Kharkutta MLA, Pongseng Marak, Bajengdoba MLA, Ripamchi Sangma, Additional Deputy Commissioner, NGH, Er.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: “All the challenges have ended for the NPP, because the people of Nongstoiñ themselves have been hungry and longing for change and this will happen because on the 2nd the Congress party will Good Hope Sangleiñ, who supported the NPP Nongstoiñ in 2018, has now supported the Congress from this constituency.
The family members of the child immediately took her to Byrnihat Parish for prayer and after a while, the child was healed through the spiritual prayers of the Father of the Parish. .
The Seng on this occasion urges the youth of the Hynniewtrep people not to be afraid of these forces but to stand up and demand the rights for the future of the nation.
Nongpoh: The Mawhati Constituency has been one of the oldest constituencies in Ri Bhoi District and many MLAs have served it. It is one of the lagging constituencies in many aspects compared to other constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
He said that the Government of Meghalaya from time to time has made promises to set the Minimum Support Price (MSP) so that the farmers will not be affected, but despite the promises of the Government. it has not been implemented yet.
It is learned that the Chief Minister has also agreed with the party's proposal, but he said that he still has to consult with the law department of the government and also the party. The Advocate General of the State shall not be subject to any conflict of laws.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Class IV students of a school in Lum Garo Hills have said that they don't know how to write their own names. straight to school.
Khasi songs also appeared more and more, such as the song of the young man, the song of his parents, the song of the young man, the song of friends, the song of children, the song of sneng kraw, the song of ha reading, singing, and so on.
Roy Kupar said that the reason for the closure of the office is because of the sudden dismissal of 27 Auxiliary Nurses and Midwives (ANMs) including 13 “We have learned that the government has entrusted the Trust to do whatever is necessary and many of them have received letters of resignation from 1 “It's not like we're going to be able to come to work on the 1st of this month,” said the HYC leader, adding that there has been a strike before.
However, these parties have not yet decided on the name of the Common Candidate.
A meeting of the ruling MLAs in Manipur was held on Friday to confirm the statements and actions of the ITLF. It has been seven months since the ethnic unrest began, but nothing has been done regarding the demand for self-determination and if the demand does not succeed, then The Central Government will recognize or not.
On the men's side, they lost to Mizoram in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 in Jaipur.
Meanwhile, NCP MLA Saleng Sangma said that the previous examination should be canceled and a new one should be conducted as the theft shows that it cannot be trusted that it is held only in Lum. Garo and may also be released in other places.
The work of this road is currently under construction due to the overcrowding.
He added that in the past 51 years since 1972, the organization has done many good works in all 625 districts of the country in various areas for the benefit of the people. enough of the young.
now you are not positive.
Let's see:-The lockdown is one of the best ways to prevent the spread of Coronavirus by PM Narendra Modi by keeping all Indians at home. .
There are currently 6,77,444 people undergoing treatment, 18,62,258 recoveries and 49,980 deaths, the health ministry said.
STIEH congratulates the Sadar PS, Lumshnong PS for registering a case against a person named Megha Purkayastha on the FIR filed by the STIEH. 16th July 2021 for a social media post on her Instagram account.
Shillong, July 21: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed Prah as the symbol of the Voice of the People Party (VPP). “Because it is in line with what the party was born for, which is to remove the sohkyrdot in the Khadar rule,” said the mothers in an interview with Mawphor.
One of these public platforms was conducted by the Synod College and was held on the 9th.
In tribute to her, the family members have informed that the funeral service for the remains of her will be held on the 20th July 2024 at the Balang U Blei Cemetery. ha Umsning and on that day there will be a special ceremony for this Longkmie who is one of the prominent women in Ri Bhoi District in terms of public service.
The meeting was conducted by the Principal of the school Bah Kyrshan Marngar in the presence of teachers and students.
Shillong: The Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports, Government of India under the Khelo India National Fitness Assessment Program scheme will conduct a National Level Training of Trainers (TOT) at NEHU, SAI Campus, Shillong on the 31st of this month. -07-2019.
The deceased was identified as Lamphrang Pariong, 26, of Mawthoh West Khasi Hills District. They informed the neighboring villagers who informed the Nongstoin Police Station.
Jowai, Nailur 19: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) has supported all the organizations and especially the Khasi Students Union (KSU) which has come forward to improve the NH6 road from Tuber Sohshrieh. ter to Malidor.
Since I assumed office as Minister of Sports, I have traveled around the state and talked to youth and athletes.
Lindas said that there are 13 Deficit Pattern schools in the state, 9 of which are Secondary Schools and 4 Upper Primary Schools in the state.
She said that she is very pleased with the Government's initiative to inform the youth about the heroes who have not appeared in the world.
The union also said that this raid and arrest of coal trucks is part of the fight against corruption and unemployment in the state and to bring about change and not to just look at those who are against it. to society".
In the upcoming elections, the MPF has already banned any candidate from distributing money, equipment or any other gifts to the voters.
Jowai: U former MLA and MDC of Rymbai Legislative Assembly Constituency, Khliehriat Constituency, has passed away this morning.
The party won from Nongkrem constituency through Ardent M Basaiawmoit, from North Shillong through Adelbert Nongrum, from Mawlai through Brightstarwell Marbaniang and from Mawrynkneng through Heaving Stone Kharpran.
“My presence with Macdalyne will be a blessing or not and how much it will benefit I cannot say, but as I am a member of the NPP party it is. It is my duty to fully support the NPP candidates”.
The election is a democratic festival organized by the Election Commission of India to elect legislators.
According to the advertisement, even people from East Pakistan, now known as Bangladesh, who have an Indian citizenship certificate, can apply. he's here to post.
Robert said that according to Article 13 of the Constitution of India, we have the right to longtrai on customs and traditions and the right to express petitions. The Court has not only affected the Rangbah Shnongs but also the Chief Executive Members including the District Council.
“It is because they see that the people support what we as a party are saying and we are determined to ensure that many of the elders and dignitaries who have the same ideology as the party come forward to contest. this election," he said.
Unidentified robbers have thrown stones at the residence of Umsning MDC Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong at Mawleiñ Mawkhan (Sohkyndur) on Tuesday at about 6 pm.
The TimesNow-ETG has estimated that the NPP will get 18-26 seats, the TMC and UDP 8-14 seats and the BJP 3-6 seats. politicians and individual candidates.
The construction of the railway line has been temporarily suspended by the state government after the KSU launched a strong protest in the past months.
“The Governor has invited us (to form a government),” said the newly elected NPP Parliamentary Party Leader Conrad K Sangma.
They want the opposition to be weak so that they can do whatever they want or not be exposed for their incompetence.
He said that this tit can be planted up to three times a year and produce T.1 lakh per planting.
However, it does not mean that what has happened or been done in the past are laws or commandments that can no longer be shaken or criticized or even changed for the good and progress of human life.
Sachdeva, who took 12 wickets, was named Man of the Series.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per household at T.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at T.3.00 per kilo, while Khaw PHH will be distributed at T.3.00 per kilo per month. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at Die Lang at T.11.77 per kilo and at Die Khutia at T.12.34 per kilo.
Boys HSS, Ummulong Presbyterian HSS and North Liberty HSS. The winners will prepare for the title in the final which will be held on Tuesday (3rd November).
“It's yours, it's yours, it's yours, it's yours.
There was the expenditure of Sunday Schools, the zeal for prayers, the encouraging songs, the minutes and tests of Bible reading and so on.
Speaking to media, Bah Mawthoh said, “The party has always taken action on the issue of teachers and has spoken from time to time to the Minister of State. read and he also showed concern over these issues".
A receipt issued by the Tura Municipal Board was also received in the name of Rimpu Barnand Marak.
He said that although the child survived the accident, he will have to live with memories that will haunt him for the rest of his life because of this incident which is the fault of his parents. .
With respect, the scientists are surprised that no cure has been found, the rulers are so busy, the police, doctors and nurses are so busy that they have to sacrifice their lives to save many from this disease. around the world.
Application Fee for General and OBC candidates is Rs 460/-Half the rate for SC/ST who are a permanent resident of the State of Meghalaya.
He said that the BJP Government in the Central Government should not think because there is no BJP Government in Manipur, so it will not implement the President's Rule.
I urge the people to give their full support in this MP election, because as a candidate who has joined the MDA government and especially that I have received the support of all the ethnic parties in the country. The state, I have that desire to work for the people, because as it is now, the state still has many issues, which need to be advocated in Parliament for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, July 19 : A group of youths from Mawkynrew have asked the MLA of the area, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, whether they have seen any signs of the upgradation of the PHC Jongksha. to the CHC and also to the Sub Center at Thynroit to the PHC as the foundation stone has been laid.
In 2021, the number of such incidents was 7,118 while in 2020, there were 5,3
The charge against the driver of the Mahindra Max under the Attempted Murder Act is unconstitutional, he said.
She gives an example that when sowing instead of harvesting not only the seeds, but also the branches of the tree.
Many media outlets have reported that the NDA government may introduce several Bills in the Special Session and one of these Bills may be the One Nation One Election Bill.
Furthermore, all people can help others to make Ayushman cards.
Shillong, November 21: Wanrida Pyngrope, 25, has won the title of Miss North East at the Miss North East pageant held in Guwahati.
This bill worth tens of thousands of dollars has affected the residents besides the farmers and contractors.
He said this at a meeting held at Iawpynsin, Wahiajer on Saturday.
For those who have seen the events in the past years since the establishment of NEHU, especially in the recent years, this decline in the ranking of NEHU is no longer surprising.
The villages which should have looked after these things also said that no one has listened.
The Meghalaya team consisted of nine women, nine men and one coach under the leadership of Precious Ranee, Manager of the Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association who is also one of the Vice Presidents.
The ordination ceremony will be conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
Wei went to Shane's house.
On this occasion, the party welcomed many candidates who have contested from Nongkrem constituency in the past years from the Congress, PDF, HSPDP and others.
Shillong, July 10: “To give only three months is like a violation of the rights of us coal owners,” said Hambertus Nongtdu, former Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia District Council.
On receiving information about the incident, we rushed to the scene and after finding that the woman was seriously injured, she was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. The woman died on arrival at Nongpoh, said Bah Bhastar Lyngdoh.
Besides the Rangbah, the group also demanded that the Rangbah who was shot dead should bring 50,000 tyngka to the group based in Rongpangbong. They were arrested in Guwahati today while they were trying to leave for Bangladesh via Agartala.
On this occasion, the speakers gave the words and symbols of encouragement to the youth that in today's age they should set the goal of chess because as a nation They have not been able to do anything to fight or compare with other nations in India, because of their knowledge through various education along with hard work that they have been able to stand and fight to reach the top of the mountain of victory.
One of these missionaries who stood firm for the rights of Ri Khasi, especially in West Khasi Hills, was Fr. Constantine Vendrame, SDB who was called the Apostle of the Khasi-Jaintia.
On their part, they shared their experiences and expressed their feelings at the meeting.
The Minister said that the Meghalaya government will study carefully to legalize the production of wine in Meghalaya.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare, Revenue and Disaster Management, inaugurated the festival in the presence of the elders of the area.
Members of the JSM Eastern Region and JSM Wapung Unit, after finding the body of Kong Lita, together with the VDPs of Mookhep Village and the Dorbar Shnong Mookhep have been trying to find and monitor the incident.
“We have seen with our own eyes the lack of adequate services to the public by this health center and we demand that the authorities should punish any employees who take their job stingy.” The HYC has demanded that the government should ensure that there should be no doctors in the Emergency Ward 24 hours a day.
There is a confusing part that can lead to confusion if it is not properly understood to judge what has been done in the past and what is being done now in terms of customs.
He said that leadership does not mean to lose everything, to get everything but to lose everything for the sake of the country and the nation.
He said that with the introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology and QR Code, these clothes will now be able to provide information to verify the origin of these Ryndia clothes and goods produced in the state. especially from the Eri Silk Village.
“You work for the party.
Slamming these MLAs who are trying to leave the party, he said there is one reason for them to leave the party and that is selfishness.
It is also essential in the presentation of a positive message of unity and cooperation.
This, on the other hand, has prompted the HNLC to vow to suspend the peace talks and if the Government wants the peace talks to continue, it should drop all the cases against the HNLC. and its members.
The relatives of Bah Koi said that the shooting was an attempt to kill him as he did not know anyone anymore and the blood was lyngkien on the ground. you are a friend.
If the number of papers is increased, it is also necessary to increase the number of teachers and improve the number of schools.
For example, if you plant a seed, it will grow.
Adding to this, the CEM said that the council will not sit idly by on this issue, but will gather the chiefs who have been affected by this demarcation in the next few days. There are already some who have expressed their opposition to the government's allocation of land to the Assam government to decide what the Council should do.
“Bah Ryngkhlem added that it cannot be said that our nation is now in great danger, and that this present heritage may be the last heritage. or to find ways and means to protect our small nation, otherwise there will be no one else to do it.
He said that the tax is collected from the farmers at the rate of 10 percent per 100 kilos.
About 150 people have lost their lives in the bloodshed while others have been injured in the four-month bloodshed.
Nongstoin, March 01: Due to the inability of the contractor to complete the road from Nongjyllieh to Sangriang, the residents of Lawse, Sohparu, Sangriang, Mawduh, Diengsyiang, Nongkhnum and others. the villages were shaken and destroyed to the utmost.
However, the Seng said that it will continue to monitor the matter until the approval can be withdrawn immediately.
Adiam U Bthuh District Secretary MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills, said that as Guides who have taken the pledge, they should have the goal of completing the status of the Scouts-Guides Movement until they receive the President Award.
From this species, sop can be obtained and from this sop, ksai are produced to make expensive ryndia clothes.
Amos 5:14 FOOD.
The meeting was attended by the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, officials from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) and the National Disaster Management Authority.
Expressing his hope that the Addl CS will soon take over the post of Chief Secretary in the state, Bah DP Wahlang said, “I am proud that the children of the two nurses The Chief Secretary of the hospital has been appointed as the Chief Secretary of the two states.
These include not only focusing on employment opportunities such as ensuring comprehensive social security for those who are too poor, providing value to education that benefits everyone. -iwei, to waive agricultural land, food assistance for the elderly and poor farmers, access to safe drinking water and traditional health care, medicines for people with disabilities. They were used as farmers, elderly people, farmers, which eliminated the labor of children and so on.
On the other hand, Bah L.Blah suggested to increase the income of the KHADC, by which the Council can plant jri trees and other plants which can generate income for the council in areas where you KHADC you don.
On the 2nd of November, the road leading to or entering the cemetery will be a 'No Entry Zone' and no vehicles will be allowed to enter the cemetery, said a statement from the LCDC. GSWS Division No-II, Mawphlang has reported that a 750mm pipe of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GWAS) has collapsed at 11:30 pm on the 27th of this month. month.
However, after the initial statement by FSG through its report, the club's chairman Tom Werner said that there was no urgency to complete any of the agreements that are necessary and important.
The ancients, when they saw this, counted and believed that this eclipse of the sun at noon and the eclipse of the full moon on this mountain gave the first day, the first month and the first season. eh of the year.
“It is time for the government to take action to improve this road, not to talk about it only in the news and we have seen that the government has no intention of building this road. Therefore, we as the union cannot take this opportunity to suggest to the government to improve the roads in Shillong. “This will also be part of the preparations for New Shillong to avoid traffic jams,” said the President of HANM-Jaintia Zone, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen.
He won five silver medals and two star medals.
Earlier, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said the UDP and HSPDP, which are working together under the banner of the RDA, are confident of winning the Shillong seat.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has decided to suspend the temporary dismissal of the police involved in the shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. On the 13th of this month, the Sur ki Nong Mawlai will hold a rally to burn the tyngshops at Mawlai petrol pump on the 25th of this month at 4 pm.
The claim that we are the owners of our own country is unfounded because even the blood of our country has been taken away by the Mynder Ri.
Paragraph 4 above which allows for the merger does not apply here, as the Congress Meghalaya is only a branch of the Congress AICC of India.
The Mawhati MLA has requested the Prime Minister to take action against this issue and to stop the violence of the Assam Government for the inability to implement without interruption the development projects that will benefit the people. at the border.
As usual, on the second day of Behdieñkhlam, the chiefs of the raij brought the trees to Iawmusiang and the Khonraij (Chilliangraij) brought them to Khnong Blai at Loomsooiung.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday registered his nomination papers before the Returning Officer of the EWKHD to contest the upcoming elections. The Legislative Assembly of Mairang Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The new MLA of Sohiong, Bah Synshar Roy Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah, after being announced as the winner of the MLA election, said that he wants to send a clear message to all that they are not true. to buy the rights of the people with money.
Because it is through these 23 characters that we have brought the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep from the darkness of the night to the light of the day, when we are in the midst of darkness but only these 23 characters have fought against They have brightened up the Khasi Hills.
“Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection” (Revelation 22:6).
However, we the residents of the village don't have the spirit to help each other at this time to obey the orders of the village.
He said that the MLA used to talk to the Prime Minister every evening to get development works in the constituency.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday took to the streets of Shillong to celebrate the adjournment of the Rajya Sabha without introducing the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, shake the whole North East.
On this occasion, the employees also demanded that the manager should be removed immediately and if they cannot, the employees will take other measures.
Russian troops and tanks have advanced into Ukraine from various directions, the report said.
He said that he now intends to strengthen the Union of Rangbah Kur and will take up many issues for the benefit of the people.
Nartiang (ST) has 45,375 voters out of which 22,328 are males and 23,047 are females.
Due to the heavy rains across the country, the rules have been relaxed and the funds have been released as immediate assistance to the States without waiting for the Utilization Certificates of the funds released to the States during the year budget is not available.
Hundreds of people attended the meeting despite the heavy rainfall in the early hours of the morning when the sky started to shine until the VPP started. meeting.
Many civilians were injured in the protests which lasted for three days and three nights.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he is surprised that the price of lyer shet or tyndong buiam varies from one shop to another even in Mairang and this has left the consumers in the dark.
Regarding the abduction of the Branch Manager, the NPP strongly condemns the incident and demands that the government should look into the ways and means to restore peace and order in Garo Hills. hills, the NPP has also criticized the incident in Garo Hills which shows that the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has lost control.
Shillong is less than 100 km from Guwahati Railway station and takes only 2 hours to complete.
Throughout the day, it was seen that the people, school children from the area, teachers and the Madan Ri Bhoi Sepngi at Patharkhmah, as well as the school children. , they have been able to showcase their talents in various dramas, dances, songs and others.
He said that the arrangement of vehicles from MES Point (Rilbong) to 7 mer Upper Shillong, which falls under the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch.
NEHUSU Vice President Easterson Sohtun said that the VC's decision to implement the NEP from 1st July 2023 shows that the Vice Chancellor has taken a decision alone without considering the decision. Easterson said that even the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, recently made it clear that there are colleges in Meghalaya which are not yet able to implement the NEP. 2023 and for this reason teachers and students are very pleased with the urgent decision of the Vice Chancellor to implement the NEP in Meghalaya from 1st July.
It is estimated that the number of people, including those who opposed and those who came to support, especially from Khaddum village, who came to support, who came by bus, is about 2,000 people.
Jowai, June 29: More than 200 houses have been destroyed by heavy rainfall in parts of East and West Jaintia Hills on Friday night.
On the part of the school authorities and teachers, they expressed their delight that today they have been able to enter the new school building. They have suffered a lot in the past years due to the destruction of the school where teachers and students have to use shatris in the classrooms during the rainy season. The leaders as well as the officers of the education department for achieving this dream of many of them to get a strong and adequate school building.
While the feast was going on, Mar Kuhain disappeared without anyone knowing. He went to the mushi and sent a tar ni until the stieh remained. image – stick.
The Minister said the Central Government has appointed a committee headed by a retired judge to investigate the ethnic conflict in Manipur, which has claimed many lives. and destroyed many houses.
According to the report, in 2011, the initial income was only T.5150 tyngka and only 3 poor people received assistance. for only T.1700 tyngka.
The author of this book has traced the roots of this hero, the place where he lived and to the place where he was killed.
Nongpoh, July 13: An elderly man has lost his life after being drowned in a flood after heavy rainfall in Nongpoh this evening. in this small river due to the excessive rainfall.
Eleven countries agreed to support the country, while Russia decided to vote against it, while China, India and the United Arab Emirates abstained. to vote.
And we see that even if there are many light outages, the bill light from your office increases and there is no decrease and the bill light also increases. phi, therefore we suggest you that when you provide load shedding please reduce or change the way you extinguish the fire during the day so that we who live in the countryside can get the same benefits as our brothers and sisters. Blood is not available in Shillong.
A man has been arrested by the Muktapur PP, Amlarem Sub Division on charges of involvement in the murder of his 1 year old son in Amlanai village, a village on the India-Bangladesh border.
The men's chess team also failed to hold on to the silver medal by finishing in a time of 3:08.787 seconds.
He criticized the MP for not talking about uranium, the railway while the nation is in danger.
Vision Nongbri, Asst.organizing Dawan Shynshar Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Monmi Shylla, Discipline Secretary Wankitbok Bamon, Sport Secretary Hepmon Patweth, Asst.Sport Nibhalang Myrphet, Education Secretary Sunday Mukhim, Finance secretary Art and H My Curphetal and H My Culphet Secretary Mewa Freddyson Pale and 13 executive members.
But it depends on the ability to use the mind.
The government authorities cannot, and will not, do such things, we have nothing to blame them.
Three of them are from Manipur including Naoroibam Romen Singh, Bonison Nongmaithem and Mahesh Singh.
He also recalled the difficult times during their visit to the Lyngngam area, but they did not give up because they had a responsibility for the people.
KAM proposes that we should unite and work together despite differences and differences of opinion.
In another development, Rahul Gandhi has strongly criticized Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the increase in petrol and diesel prices in the country in recent days.
These robbers are very common in every constituency who are the advocates of the MLA or their candidate, because they have received medicine for five years with the MLA. The people should vote against the leaders. those who destroy the people, those who are partial, those who destroy the community and the nation.
The incident happened this evening when Kaiaphas Lyngdoh of Mawhati village, who was driving a scooty (ML 10 C 6269), collided with a truck (ML). 11 B 0054 until he sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
These values ​​reflect the beauty of nature in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong, 17: After a strong wind along with cold weather on Sunday night, an incident occurred in which the wind blew and swept away four people. houses and including a shop in Domsohkhai village, Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has confirmed that Modi will arrive in the city on the 18th.
Have you received money for three years? Think about it.
The National Education Policy (NEP) is a good idea for those of us who come from poor families to study through the National Education Policy NEP. Even for one semester, tens of thousands of rupees have to be paid for 4 years and then we have to pay the bill because we have more subjects and the classes have been longer.
Speaking at a farmers' rally in Varanasi, Priyanka Gandhi said, “Farmers have been on strike for 300 days, in which 600 farmers have been arrested. They know that their income, their farmland and then their crops will be owned by their billionaire friends.
However, the change is why only 23 kilometers have been allocated.
However, the tax is paid in full, not half.
In East Khasi Hills, there are two soldiers and 16 civilians.
The football tournament is to mark the 40th anniversary of the opening of the Parish Sawsymper which will end on the 16th of this month.
“We need to keep in mind two things – the victims of these illegal activities come from low income families while those involved in these illegal activities are human beings. who are powerful in society," he said.
He said that according to the investigation, after the seizure of these two trucks, it was found that the illegal cow smugglers had used illegal cow license plates. to obtain through veterinary doctors and from the Khanapara cow market.
Then it will reach Mawkhar, Mawlai, NEIGRHIMS and other parts of Shillong which will take about 2 or 3 days.
The man had been sitting on top of the river since 8:30 pm.
When it was night, the ten sons went to sleep in their own rooms.
He won the silver medal in 2022.
“I don't know if the Riia will treat you, we are poor and needy, you too don't have anything to do with it, in the iong, in the rai khoh, in the tyrkhong, in the duk...” the Riia.
We request you to take action on this and that the relevant authorities should take measures to appoint Garo teachers to teach Garo language across government schools,” they said.
The new association of writers of the North Eastern Region of India has been established to fight for the rights and freedoms of journalists.
Gadkari said that in April this year, a Toyota car will be launched, whose engine will run on ethanol. ethanol, which will be produced by farmers".
When we look at these things, we see that “the fullness of the Gentiles has come in, that all Israel may be saved.
Unlike in the Dorbars of the State Legislative Assembly, in KHADC the provision of documents for journalists is very slow and most of the journalists do not receive documents at all. the right time.
The HYC urges the government through the health department to take immediate action regarding the shortcomings in the PHC. These issues are the needs of the PHC to the government for the benefit of the people of the area as a whole.
And the greatness of Israel today is not coincidental but is in God's purpose, and that is that Israel is the Weapon of God in the days to come of this generation.
As there was an old woman named Ngum, the children who inherited from that woman 'Ngum' were called the Jaid 'Khongdngum'
He said that there are two trades or sectors of education at the school which have been established for the benefit of the youth who will learn to stand on their own feet and will it is a benefit to the employer.
ter-ly-ter : which is too long to speak.
“The people here don't want a statue of Jesus, but we want a statue of Pejawar Swami, Basaveshwara, Balagangadharanatha Swami or anyone who has contributed to this region and the country as a whole,” said Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat, leader. Bhat said the statue of Jesus was only a ploy by Shivakumar to impress Sonia Gandhi.
In the bill, Bhatt wants Parliament to approve the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code and therefore wants to amend Article 44 of the Directive Principles of the Constitution.
Mawkyrwat, Nail 12: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), Mawkyrwat has issued a public notice that on the 15th July, 2022 which is also the Independence Day of the The Independence Day of India is celebrated throughout the South West Khasi Hills District.
The security forces have fought as hard as they could to control the incident.
“What the opposition has accused the party of, but the people have supported the government and this is because the people are happy with what the MDA government has done in these months, but there are still many I don't know what to do,” he said.
It should ensure the selection of truly qualified and experienced teachers, and should not allow any interference from politicians, as has happened in the past.
This scheme has been allocated T.10 lakh from the KHADC. This road will be a great blessing to all the residents of Mawlai Iewrynghep, as well as to the people who attend the Synod service in October. this year
To beautify the face, foundation is essential.
Hanshi Bharat Bhusan Sharma, Head of Karate in India, was also present to bless and encourage the championship along with Sanjeev Kumar Jangra. Premjit Sen, General Secretary of the Karate India Organization (KIO) and Premjit Sen, Referee from Kolkata, West Bengal. Referees on July 7, 2023 at Laban Indoor Hall.
D.Mawlein DSP, Y.Mawlong ADC South West Khasi Hills District, teachers of the children who came to celebrate this day.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: The lack of timely rainfall has caused huge losses to farmers across the country.
Inside the Bri of Hynniewtrep, we are the children of Hynniewtrep in one name.
The Secretary of the Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee, Bah K. Nongsiang, has also joined the NPP after resigning from the Congress party for more than 10 months. .
George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, in his speech, strongly criticized the government and the Prime Minister for the implementation of the water supply scheme, as in the villages there are only wells but the water has not yet reached.
In 1994, she was promoted to the post of Public Health Nurse (PHN) at Mawkyrwat CHC and in 2011 to the post of Assistant Matron at Civil Hospital, Nongstoin.
If it is necessary to judge, there are charges, but it must be disciplined so as not to conflict with the accepted central language and not to confuse the minds of the people.
However, this is not the case, this writing of mine is only to warn or warn our flesh and blood to be those who know how to take care of or beware of other nations whom we see while The days are getting worse and worse in this beloved country.
Therefore, the suspect can be charged with two counts of murder and other counts after the decision of the court.
Meyoo Susngi (5) scored the first goal in the first 5 minutes.
The Hima Maram, Jaintia, Shella, Khyrim, Mawiang, Sohra, and others have their own names.
Shillong, June 9: Earlier, the BJP had opposed the proposal of the state government to appoint an Administrator in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Rupang spoke to the President of the BJP in the state, Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh to ask whether it is true that the BJP also wants to rule as Administrator in the KHADC. Khlur said that the rumor that the BJP wants to rule as Administrator is only a mistake by the Vice President of the party, but he said that there has been a correction within the party. establish.
The HSPDP candidate was accompanied by Rambrai Jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang, former MDC and Vice President of the HSPDP, Nongstoin MLA. D.Jyndiang, HSPDP leaders and supporters.
Regarding the seizure of magnet stones at the border, the DIG said that the stones seized were from Bangladesh to Meghalaya, not from Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
The Department of Sports & Youth Affairs has announced that it will continue to conduct such a program so that all the medal winners from Meghalaya can receive Cash Awards through this scheme.
The installation of these steels is expected to start in June and be completed in June.
The government has said that this year alone, 30 insurgents have been killed while only 4 policemen have been killed in Meghalaya.
He said that those who need to travel can get the e-Pass by visiting the website “East Khasi Hills.
They come not only from a spirit of compassion, but also from a spirit of knowledge.
During the meeting, the DMHO promised to take the necessary action and will also inform the higher authorities.
The investigation is ongoing , police said.
Regarding the construction of the new Petrol/Diesel Pump, groups of Longkmie including the residents of Umran River, have visited the owner of the Petrol/Diesel Pump, regarding the waste from the Umran River. new petrol/diesel pump; However, this discussion has failed, as it was not owned by Bah AL Hek, MLA Pynthorumkhrah.
Shillong, Nailar 05: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, today said that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) will soon repair the roads. Shillong-Dawki road has been damaged.
Fr Jude was reportedly preaching in Douala, the capital of western Cameroon, on 30th January.
He said that many kinds of experiments can be conducted inside this laboratory and it will help the students to come forward and lead outside the district and outside the state in various fields.
The Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) has closed its 3rd and 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023-24 on Tuesday.
“There is no doubt that this is the birthplace of Ram and that is a clear evidence,” he said.
He said that he has also spoken to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong.
Police have been conducting searches of vehicles and especially arshakas due to the increasing number of accidents around Shillong, even those who have been hit have died.
Therefore, the government needs to understand and respect the Constitution of India.
Bah Franki has played well in these two games.
“We want you to immediately address the issue of Punjabi colonies by the three parties and the Meghalaya government,” Gurjit Singh said in a letter to Amit Shah.
Since last Tuesday, 150 Chinese warplanes have entered Taiwan's airspace and on Sunday, 56 warplanes have entered Taiwan's airspace. enter Taiwan, which shows China's violation of Taiwan's independence.
Namdong-A Village has worked closely with the JHADC, after being given this land and this forest land has improved and the trees have grown well, but in the last seven or nine years the People from Thadmynri village started cutting down the trees and also started planting synsar.
Our goal is to ensure that the FOCUS and FOCUS+ programs are held annually.
This day will be the most exciting day and also the most sad day for some of those who have contested the election.
Lorna Breen, 49, had no physical injuries, her father said, but during their last conversation, he realized she was confused and told him about the death. of people in the hospital where she works, even when they were just getting out of the ambulances.
KSU-WJC President Laitphar Syngkrem and FKJGP-WJC General Secretary Reachingson Kongwang said that these two organizations stand on the basis of preserving the environment, as many people benefit from it. From this river umngot from the meat fishermen, farmers and especially the tourism industry.
Therefore, all these aspects will have to be considered," he said.
Pastor Marwein, who has been a pastor since 1967, said that his talk on that day was taken from Revelation chapter 13 and verses 14 to 18, where the subject was long about the thankful.
The cash prize for the winner is 5 lakh tyngka, the runner up is 3 lakh tyngka and the third place is 2 lakh tyngka. lakh tyngka, the fourth to 10th place winner will receive a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka, and the fourth place winner to 16th place will receive a cash prize of 50 thousand tyngka.
Villages and townships that have access to roads are ready to receive assistance in case of any problems and many other needs.
JOWAI: The Executive Committee of the JHADC, Jowai has issued a public notice that only persons or employees of the JHADC who are authorized under the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act 2011 and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (JHADC) Rules 2015 which prohibit the issuance of Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees Service License to foreigners who come to work within the boundary of JHADC. and Non-Tribal Employee's Service License without producing the Identity Card issued by the JHADC office is illegal”.
According to the army, the human hair was used in Bangladesh to make wigs for domestic use and export.
Nongpoh: Due to the presence of some robbers, who used to damage the barricade, which was erected by the Ri Bhoi Police on the Umsning By-Pass near Patarim, the Ri Bhoi Police have destroyed the barricade. The Dorbar Shnong Patarim in Umsning, has warned the robbers not to destroy or destroy these items which have been placed by the Police in the area.
SAINT PETERSBURG: Goalkeeper Unai Simon was the best goalkeeper in Spain's 40-man draw against Switzerland on Saturday night. 3-1, in the penalty shootout in the Euro
He received his bachelor’s degree in 1831.
He said that this road will boost the income of the people as it will boost the tourism industry by creating employment opportunities for the youth through tourism as Mawsynram also has many places are not beautiful like the Sohra area.
The MDCs say that they don't have the money and they don't have enough power...this council has failed.
Shillong, Lber 13: At 4:30-5:00 pm this evening, the residents of Khyndailad have been shocked to see that a box has been left without an owner. it is suspected that the box may contain a bomb.
They are understood to be living in their own house, near the church.
The British and American powers of the world use this language.
Imphal: A Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) of the Indian Army was abducted from his residence in Thoubal district of Manipur on Tuesday. however, he was rescued after 9 hours.
Pastor Crosslin Marbaniang conducted a special prayer and gifts were distributed to the children who have been raised in the orphanage.
Israel was blessed in every way.
This time too, the opposition, which has only 14 MLAs, did not come forward to nominate a candidate because it did not understand that it would be just a formality.
Meanwhile, the post of President may be taken over by Bah JA Lyngdoh while Shibun's successors, Bah David Kharsati, will be appointed as senior leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Although the central and state governments have allocated T.81.55 crore for the school meal scheme in Meghalaya last year, the implementation of the scheme has not been implemented properly. in schools is slow and this is due to the slow working methods of the education department of the state.
He said that it is sad that the PWD department has treated the area with contempt and the roads that have not been completed have been informed to the central government.
The BBMF Meghalaya Chapter has demanded a CBI inquiry into the deaths of these two men.
This has been achieved due to the highest food production despite the pandemic and the highest payment to farmers by the Government.
All newspaper vendors who wish to visit the museum can call 9863508853 /
Afterwards, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Maweit Circle were sworn in through Samla Roykupar Synrem.
“On these issues and other issues of the people, we will elect another Rangkynsai from our constituency to contest the Assembly as we have elected our current MDC who has responsibility for the society in power. “We will nominate another MLA candidate,” said Isidorius Pakma, Secretary of the District Council.
“If you are really concerned or responsible for our state, resign from the post of Minister so that we can clean up the slum in the Education Department regarding your illegal appointment of teachers by removing or removing it. President Marbud Dkhar and General Secretary ES Cajee said in a statement.
A source from both the parties said that the first name to be discussed is the name of former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
It was only the next day on 19th June 2014 that Balsan was taken to hospital and died on 20th June
Although neither the Synod nor the pastors have received any information or reports on this, it has been seen in the media, he said.
In a statement to the media, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that the recruitment target in the state, as announced on 12th July, 1972, is based on the population and not on the population. and others.
It is on this basis that Bah DL Nongbri said that as it is now clear that God and the sanctity of Kliar Lum Sohpetbneng has not allowed this tower to stand, and as it is now this mobile tower has not been able to operate.
A vaccine manufactured by a Noida-based company in Uttar Pradesh has been confirmed responsible for the deaths of 18 children in Uzbekistan last year.
Nongpoh: The Minister of Transport, Meghalaya, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, today confirmed that the construction of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge over the Umiam River has started. It will not be open to the public before 15th July
On the same day, Bah Remington Pyngrope as part of the development of the talents of the youth, also launched the SEI LA I SAP which is an opportunity for the youth to showcase their skills. Up to 70 youths from different villages of Mawkynrew have taken part in the competition.
If you don't listen, you will become a slave one day.
Rikmanchi M Sangma took 2/13 wickets, Jaylynn and Dianchidora N Sangma took 2/21 wickets each and Marme took 1/1
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, on Thursday said that from the beginning, the department in charge of the state government has already set up a The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has proposed to the state government that the state government is ready or ready to install artificial turf on the first ground.
Besides installing CCTV cameras in various villages, if they can appoint sanitary inspectors who go around the village to check whether anyone is throwing garbage and to check them, it will be easier. It's very good because people don't have the rain to break the garbage from their homes.
The Khasi Quran will be launched by SG Esmatur Momimin MLA and DrK Ismail at Deba Kumar Hall, Shillong.
Has the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) done anything, even the garbage of the district has to be sent to Shillong? The Ministry of Urban Affairs and Municipal Administration, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar doesn't believe even though he is an MLA from Jaintia Hills? Why can't he provide a garbage dump for his fellow citizens? When he holds these portfolios, why is it difficult for him to provide a garbage dump so that Marten will not be the only garbage dump in Shillong for nearly 100 years? The Ministry of Commerce & Industries, is ready to provide land for the dewbilat factories to expand their trade? in the evening of Sunday.
Nongpoh: Taking note of the needs of the people living in many villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, who have faced the problem of lack of vehicles transporting Nongpoh in the area, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has said that They urged the Chief Minister to send an ambulance to serve the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Of course, there are those who understand that they should not sell their votes but how many can fight against the power of money and in the end, they just say that as long as he gives more money, they will lose their votes.
The thinking of the TMC leaders in Shillong is different from the thinking of the TMC in West Bengal,” he said.
The VPP Khliehriat Circle invites all the residents of the village from the mothers, fathers and youth men and women to come with the responsibility to bring about change through the joint efforts to support the Seng so that it can gain strength. for the implementation of many social activities in the Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole.
However, it has suddenly been decided to hand over the management of these power plants to foreign companies.
Deborah also said that her votes and those of Sengbath and Lahatson, who are fighting against the Congress, totaled 9,721 votes and therefore she should have won easily if there was no election. Congress parties in this constituency.
The CEO said that the election officials have found those who tried to register their names without verifying their identity and they have been rejected and this happened in Garo Hills.
Mr. Jackman D. Shira, Para-vet Cum Service Provider explained about the breeding, care and treatment of animals such as pigs, cows and other animals.
Those who have reached the age of 15 years and above have the right to inquire about the implementation of government schemes by various departments appointed by the government for the benefit of the public.
If the government proceeds to hand over these 22 villages to Assam, the SKRS will hold strong protests.
In the women's singles, Ashmita Chaliha advanced to the second round after defeating Indonesia's Ester Nurumi Tri Wardoyo 19-21, 21-15, 21-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: On various allegations regarding the implementation of the National Education Policy 2020, and the appointment of a consultant at NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla Vice The Chancellor (VC) said that all these have been done in accordance with the decisions and provisions of the NEHU Act
Before starting the distribution of medicines to the public and the examination of those who are ill and also to the poor women, a briefing was given by Dr.M Pohshna Medical Health Officer of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Nonglang PHC. Dr. Pohshna explained about the treatment of blood pressure to avoid many diseases.
Shillong, July 11: The 14 Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Tynring and Mawpdang in the Khyriem Syiemship Hima have given two months to the government to stop evicting the people by taking land to build a house. The New Shillong Township (NST) or they will have to hold a protest.
Here we see that Daniel's God is a great living God and a wonderful God.
Without asking and without proper foundation, we have gathered together what we have and what we have seen without knowing the beginning and the end, the boundaries and the flesh and blood. The thoughts of the Garo have been gathered together in the house of the tyndai of the clouds.
The information gathered through the investigation has been sent to the Additional Chief Secretary (Home and Political Department of Assam).
It is to be recalled that the Government has already signed an agreement with the CRPF to allocate 10 acres of land in New Shillong Township for the construction of a residential camp after the relocation from Mawlai.
Journalists were informed that they could attend the meeting, although they were not allowed to speak or ask any questions until the end of the meeting. He spoke to them after the meeting where they could ask free questions as they pleased in the presence of the Prime Minister and the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
When he got up in the morning, Bah Sokon called his brother to tell him that he would go down to the village with Bhalang in the evening so that she would know in advance.
The estimated cost of this project is T.27.30 crore.
“It's my own mistake,” said Bah Mawsor.
The ceremony was enriched by songs by the students of Nongtalang College and traditional dances by the students of Nongtalang College (Kelang), while the welcome speech was delivered by Kmen Myrchiang Secretary Governing Body.
Nongstoiñ: The 2nd Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will be played again today between Khliehriat FC and Mawlot FC. .The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it can be said that the match will be very interesting as Mawlot is WKHD is one of the cleanest and most famous teams in the area. Therefore, the NNSSCC invites the football fans of the area to come and witness with their own eyes the match. to be between these two groups.
Besides party leaders, those who will attend the meeting will also include AITC MP, Rajya Sabha Leader, Derek O'Brien, Meghalaya Speaker, Manas Bhunia, AITC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma and others, said a statement sent by the party.
Junior cricketer: Dhoni played for Bihar U-19 in the 1998/99 season and scored 176 runs from five matches. They are from Group 6 but have not reached the quarter finals.
These 6 children don't have any parents to take care of them and they live in a dilapidated house in the village. The village authorities have been able to complete the new house in a beautiful manner so that they can live with the furniture provided in the house.
The delegation was led by senior journalists including David Laitphlang, President of Shillong Press Club, Joe Thangkhiew, Reigning L Mawphlang, D Banjop Mukhim, Member of Shillong Press Club. the management of this school in this village and others.
Similarly, regarding the coal supplied to the dewbilat factories, if 30MT of coal per truck per day, if in 365 days it is 8,760,000 MT, (Five million nine hundred and seventy thousand metric tons) per day. For 10 years, this tax-free mining has caused losses to the state and central governments in terms of revenue from the mining from East Jaintia Hills District which is supplied to the dewbilat factories in the state. district.
According to sources, no casualties were reported except for the damage to houses and crops.
He said that the Saw Kur Suchen should correct this mistake in their publication.
This is also part of the hosting of the National Games in the State in 2024 or
He said that the delay in registering the ejahar has put the Police in North Garo Hills in a dilemma when it comes to registering and investigating crimes especially corruption allegations.
God no longer deceives as He deceived the children of Israel.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 12: Members of HITO today temporarily suspended the toll gate of the National Highway Authority of India (NHITO) at Pahammawleiñ village, 20 mer, following a complaint by a woman working at Pahammawleiñ village. She has not received her salary for more than a year which has angered the leaders of the party.
Shillong: No rainfall was reported in Shillong, Sohra and Umiam today, according to the Indian Meteorological Department.
There are mistakes, it cannot be said, such as where the King remains the same while the two brothers have been seen since they were young.
When we look around the world we see the mountains, the valleys, the rivers, the seas, the thousands of kinds of animals that God has created wonderfully, we praise God – You are great, How Great thou art!.
Therefore, in her speech as a leader, she demanded that the government should increase the salary of ASHA workers in the state from 2,000 to 5,0 wages and other assistance to benefit the workers.
On the occasion, the NPP leader also acknowledged that the change is certain to take place before the 8th of June.
:The new Khasi song, “Kular”, is sung and composed by Rangkynsai Lynshing.
Eucharistic adoration will be held at 10 pm followed by a cultural program with dances and traditional songs prepared by the participants. .
Before the end of the first half, Rang Dajied had the last chance to score from a free-kick after Lessius Sujai of Mu Lait struck Neng Nong. twice in this game, he was red carded.
After the match went well, Jaden from 13th position beat Issac Barashi to 11th position and Jack won. to eighth place forward which was also his second top ten finish out of his seven appearances in the event.
Beware of the devil's judgment!.
Earlier, Bah Ardent had said that the EC would set up an inquiry into the allegation of misuse of funds in the Rong ka Taw in Mawphlang last year.
But what do you know when you don't even know where to throw garbage?
Police have arrested the suspect but have not yet found the cause of the shooting.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : “The allegation against or insulting the privacy of a person is a childish act,” said BJP MLA and Minister of State Bah AL Hek in reply to AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma's allegation that The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has a close relationship with a drug kingpin from Mizoram.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) may wait until the end of the mid-term elections to discuss with the Mukul Sangma government's silence on their demand for the removal of the Government employees to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, HANM through the President urges the staff of the hospital to come on time according to their needs as there are some staff who do not respect the time when they come to work in the hospital. Therefore, it is necessary that the employees should respect each other so that the work inside the hospital can go smoothly.
No applicants will be accepted and those who arrive beyond the stipulated time will not be accepted.
That is why Daniel was told, "Blessed is he who waits and reaches the 1,335 days.
Ummulong Presbyterian HS School beat Jaintia HS School 6-0
Some of those who came to the center were given eyeglasses to use, some of them were helped to get better treatment according to their needs and some of them had to be sent to the hospital. they shall have the right to be redeemed without any payment.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government will convene a meeting of the political parties under the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and other NGOs to discuss the roster system. .
Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech while Dr. B. Marweiñ, Vice Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech.
In Punjab, the Congress will win well while others will win only a few seats.
Those who wash their robes in the blood of the Lamb of God, those who wash their robes in the blood of the Lamb of God, are the happy ones who share in the rapture.
On Saturday, only those locals who are not MLO4ABCD will be allowed to earn.
The house is located near the Heiga Hotel.
Therefore, as the Rangbah Shnong, I have urged them not to interfere, but to bring him to the Durbar, for the purpose of asking for the facts and if necessary, hand him over to the people. the Act.
Ryntih's corner was headed by a Mawkhar defender.
The meeting was also attended by the supporters of the party.
She said she would not be responsible if the AMPSTA teachers took part in the protest program of JACATAM and knew it.
Gokhale said if the NPP claims that the offices in Tura and Imphal are open and the salary is 8.28 lakh tyngka per annum, it means 69,000 tyngka per month.
Seeking support for the Bill, Bah Adelbert said, “I request the House to support it, because the people look to this House to be a leader in the fight against corruption”.
Titos denied that the UDP has an understanding with any political party in the formation of the new government.
“To avoid any problems that may arise during the proceedings of the Tribunal and to prevent illegal rule within the Hima, it is necessary to Paiem Ainam should be removed as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and replaced by another as the law and customs do not allow him to hold that post at present.
The tournament was organized and organized by Umeshwari Dkhar, with the support and participation of the famous lyndan and simpah simsong of the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said that in the last three years many leaders have joined the NPP and this shows that the NPP has become stronger. Conrad accepted and said that their entry was not for political gain but to serve the people of the state.
Shillong, Lber 23: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Tura, Purno A Sangma, today campaigned in the constituency of the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma. In Ampati, Purno was accompanied by his daughter Agatha Sangma, who is also the current MP from Tura.
He said that this building will be of great benefit to the committees of the Assembly to have adequate offices and workplaces.
Nongpoh: U Satoshi Suzuki, the 'leader' of Japan's Satoshi Suzuki Oxygen Generation Plant, today visited the Nongpoh Civil Hospital to inspect the operation of the Oxygen Generation Plant.
Yesterday, Israel destroyed the 12-storey building, with its bomb destroying up to 3 kilometers around the site.
We are working like slaves in the name of the GNLA,” said Rakam.
There is no need to bring the constituency issues in the Legislative Assembly because in a short period of time there are many issues affecting the state that should not be discussed.
Shillong, November 20: U Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that Assam or anyone else cannot build Beat Houses or Police Stations within the border of Meghalaya.
Expressing the need to fight against the menace of drugs, the AITC leader said that the war against drugs has become a national declaration and not only for the country. state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung, 05: The long waiting of the SSA teachers to receive the arrear salary has come true this time after the Minister of Education of the State Government, Rakkam A. Sangma. The Finance Department of the State Government has released the first installment of T.12.44 crore for the Financial Year 2016-2
The KSU also urged the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of establishing the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai which has been suspended since
The problem that every household faces and finds is that young people are not ready to sit down and talk to their own family, start talking about something good, young people , they listen with their ears closed and they shut down their own brains so that they cannot enter the words of advice and harsh words, this stirred up the souls of the families, because as they speak, they young people, try to establish their own values, which is sometimes very difficult to answer when they ask questions.
On the same day, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also handed over chairs and jerseys to the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi College Students Union for the needs of the college.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar, Pynshngain N Syiem CEM of KHADC said that the PDF has nothing to do with the performance of Teilinia as Chairperson. If another group is appointed to the Executive Committee, the Chairman shall not be a member of the Executive Committee.
Shillong, June 23: The office of the Information and Public Relations Department, Shillong, has said that it does not have any documents, after the office, collapsed on 15th November
The king of ancient Egypt allowed his wealth to run away from his house.
There is no love, only hatred, slaughter, and murder.
There are 4770 schools including 14476 teachers who receive different pay even though they teach the same grade.
“Through this Act, the State Government has opened the way for our State to become a Gambling State,” said the State Government. HYC Industry.
It is learned that the woman, who lives in the same house, where there is a person who has been infected with Covid 19, she lives with the person who has been infected with corona virus, by having contact with a person who came to the wedding. of Canapara.
These are the generations of Noah.
Shillong, March 24: Pastor Kyrsoi Pyrtuh, one of the leaders of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar, has met with Shillong MP Vincent Pala on the issue of Aadhaar number.
Ud lynter after the elections without water, medicines, roads, electricity, jobs, agriculture and lack of everything, because only those who give money have been selected blindly, which is only temporary. dream.
Because the muid were in the area only on the day they left, because before the earthquake started, there was no infection of the children.
And for the first time in our State that the President of India will visit Tura.
• I support someone who can give me ₹5000 or ₹10,000 thousand.
Suddenly, the farmer began to speak in polite words, saying, “This is the field that I cultivate, if you, the Hati, you eat, you destroy, my three children, my mother. my children and I shall die of hunger all the year round.
After receiving the information, the members of the church told the Topcem officials to instruct their employees, or spoke persons who should speak on behalf of their company, to do homework or check your documents before you come and put turoi yourself because it affects the feelings of others.
However, they used shylluit because they produced larger seeds when they were first growing.
Meanwhile, the Odissa Fire and Disaster Team, Coal India Limited and Kirloskar Brothers Limited have been conducting the drainage of water from the old coal mines nearby.
Meanwhile, Khliehmynkrem turned the tide through Damang Pyrtuh in the 34th minute.
This may be an election tactic by the political parties in the Government and non-Government to intimidate the people.
Mawlai Police have taken the suspect to the Police Station for further investigation.
Speaking on the cases, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, out of the 23 cases, 2 Army personnel, 9 BSF personnel and 12 people are rich.
T.1,04,000 including four mobile phones were seized from them.
A survey of 157 patients at the University College Hospital, London, found that the number of people with depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder was high.
Think wrongly that Pnar is not Khasi.
Therefore, the trainers before the end of the meeting urged and encouraged the farmers that cleanliness and timely information on the condition of the farmers can be prevented from their death.
The traffic jam on the footpaths has also caused a traffic jam with the pedestrians from parts of Iawshyiap Road to the gate of the DC Office Jowai. Why do these vendors continue to use these footpaths even after the ban has been banned?
On the other hand, he said that the border clearance especially in the Langpih Sector will be more difficult and more difficult than in other areas.
Rowel and Hek said they have sent their resignation letter to the Prime Minister today.
JOWAI: The MDC candidates of Jowai South Constituency have expressed their approval over the lack of leadership in the Jowai South Constituency (JHADC) and the threat to the nation if the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) is passed. , 2016.
The meeting will discuss many urgent issues of the party and also to prepare a program related to the anti-drug campaign among others.
Speaking to reporters, Renikton expressed his concern over the feelings of the youth regarding the job opportunities in Government offices and other employment opportunities.
“This attempt by the BSF will be very timely, but they will try to bring back the youths who have gone astray, as they brought Bah Junel Tongper who came to surrender to the BSF. the BSF in November 2021 “he said.
The meeting was attended by District Election Officer Garod LSN Dykes IAS, ROs, EROs, AEROs, ADCs in charge of elections and others.
The team was led by Amit as Head Coach and Robin Nongrum as Assistant Coach in the presence of Academy President Franky Kharumnuid.
Many of them live in poverty and work day labor at the lowest wage.
These plants, besides producing nitrogen, cover the soil so that the nuts and seeds inside them die; and the rain does not hit the soil, so that the fertilizer in the soil does not flow into the rivers and then into Dkhar.
John F Kharshiing urged the Committee to take action to implement these promises in accordance with these agreements signed by the Government of India on 17th August
The javelin has destroyed hundreds of Russian and Ukrainian missiles, while destroying 444 Russian missiles. part well, in the destruction of these tups ki man.
Shillong, July 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umblai Unit has strongly opposed NEEPCO's plan to implement the Mawphu Hydroelectric Project. the whole village council.
The State Government has proposed to fund major projects through NIDA and has selected MIDFC as the Special Purpose Vehicle to provide phones for projects allocated under NIDA. 253 projects with a budget of Rs 1326.92 crore.
“This man didn't think about what the Congress had done until he was in this position”.
Formula One driver Bernie Ecclestone will soon have his fourth child.
“The state government should also ensure that the JMB will follow the directions so that there will be no dumping of garbage in any part of Jowai. A bench of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said while hearing the PIL filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai.
From now on, the country and the nation will no longer have wise, great and intelligent writers who are able to tell or explain the country and the nation through their books and writings such as Soso Tham, Fr.H Elias, and others.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Officer of JMB, Kong DV Lyngdoh (MCS), delivered a welcome speech.
“Most of the roads and works of the PWD North Division fall under Laskein Block. If the department is relocated from Jowai to Shangpung, there will be no problems, but it will increase the number of engineers. The opening of this office in Shangpung will provide convenience not only to the employees of PWD North Division, but especially to the people who need it,” said Suiam in a statement. office because most of its work is with the people of Laskein Block.
“Tenders have been issued and works should start within the next few months.
He said that the union has decided to lodge a complaint with the Lokayuta against the Dhar Company.
“If the Police Department and the State Government really want to do a good job and provide adequate services to the people in the State, they should select those youths who have that knowledge and understanding. “I don't have an interview,” said Bah John Mawphniang.
Shillong Lajong FC have strengthened their 11-man squad by changing the way they play, but have slightly improved the team after Samuel Vanlalpeka, one of the new players, was introduced. Mawkhar goalkeeper Widenstar Kharsati received a yellow card for a clash with Mawkhar goalkeeper Widenstar Kharsati.
“Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong requests the MLA and other departments if they have any way to build a bridge to the east side so that nothing bad will happen because this area has many land for farming. “As a community, we don't want anything bad to happen,” he said.
How they like to devalue their own language and culture by mixing foreign languages ​​with Khasi languages.
" he said.
The raid by the Assam police started from the border of Assam itself where they raided from the border of Meghalaya and also came to the border of Meghalaya to raid the shops of the people of this state.
When inquired from the MDA leaders, it was said that as of now, there are three prominent candidates who can contest for the post of Lamphang.
“The Chief Minister of West Bengal himself has approved the cut money in West Bengal where instead of benefiting from government schemes, the people will have to pay the money to the employees. TMC. This is the cut money,” he said.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on the 18th of this month rescued 37 cows from the border areas of East Khasi Hills.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, James Sangma praised the initiative to plant trees around the Golflink Stadium and added that it will preserve the beauty of this stadium which is located in the heart of Shillong. it is very important so that it can earn a reputation as a stay ground in wearing a green image.
Shillong: There have been 846 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The Minister of State for Forests, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that there are 54 quarrying factories in Garo Hills which have been closed down by the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board.
Helping the border areas is not their top priority.
In the General League, Umeit Sports Club beat Kynjoinumran Sports Club 2-0 in the Super League. They won the match 1-0
He said that the meeting to decide on the reopening of churches will be held on the first day, 7th November
The KJP Synod Sepngi Women's Assembly would like to express its gratitude to these two men who came to take part in the final, as well as the pastors, elders and elders.
Speaking on the occasion, the tyngshop, Bah Jembarson Marak said that although there are many comments on the music video which has been released in the past few months, there are those who are encouraging. From time to time, it has led him to produce more music videos.
The answer at that time from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare was T.76.56 crore.
Therefore, I urge and request the Government of Meghalaya to take care and provide safer security measures for other youths who are still living in different states who want to return home in such a situation. during this lockdown, so that they can escape from this violence.
According to the announcement of the State Government on 13th July 2020, the price has been increased to 9 tyngka per kilometer per tonne on rong roads, T.10 per tonne on maw roads and T.12 per tonne on khohruh khohram roads.
Shillong, July 7: The Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Satyendra Garg today informed the Meghalaya High Court that the security of the Chief Justice and Judges of the High Court will be continue as they have now even after their retirement.
Garrywell Syiem scored two goals for Mawpdang in the 26th and 70th minutes, while Ferback Dohtdong scored in the 12th and 47th minutes for Lummawbah.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the complaint of the three people to the Governor may have something behind it against the state government. The MDA government treats both non-state and foreigners equally.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has distributed food items such as jhur and water to all the drivers and passengers who are stranded in Narpuh area. .
He said that nation will stand against nation, kingdom against kingdom, there will be evil years, famines, earthquakes all over the place.
He said the BJP government has allocated T.100 crore to set up sports schools in Manipur and to implement a 127 MW power project in Meghalaya.
“Although the number of suspected TB tests has doubled and the use of High Quality Diagnostic Tests has decreased from 130 lakh in 2022 to 124 lakh in , indicating a decrease in the number of TB cases in the state.
It is reported that many Americans are going to hospitals for treatment these days and this has made it difficult for hospitals to take patients for treatment.
The deadline for the completion of these works is 24 months or 2 years, with the Panchayati Raj Department of the Government of India to provide the cost of the project. 144 crore rupees.
She was not a learned person, but she was a person who had a special ability to treat people and give medicine.
The Planning Department has launched shared buses in urban areas for commuters with the aim of reducing road safety during school hours by 75% and reducing CO2 emissions. to 72%.
“I was shocked when I was walking on the road when I came back from Shillong.
The increase in electricity bill affects both the districts of East and West Jaintia.
He said it is true that the Rangbah Shnongs cannot go beyond the limits according to the powers given to them but the decision of the Kashari High Court has affected the people of Hynniewtrep because it has sloit. the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs which have been established since ancient times according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Here in our country, they don't do that, but how to make silver.
“Since the past few years, the farmers have been struggling and it was until I took over as Minister that I have consulted with the officers to seek to help the soh-ñiamtra farmers and through the NEC I have “It's a good idea to have a proposal to help us get this budget,” he said.
In the second half, West Jaintia Police beat Para-I SC 10 goals through Ram Dkhar in the 52nd minute.
Seiñ Raij Tuber through a statement from R Harvis Phawa President SRT and Jolby Sana General Secretary would like to clarify here about the appearance on social media and newspapers on the last day of the religious service. Behdeiñkhlam on 17th July 2023 which said that “the messages from Behdeiñkhlam of Seiñ Raij Tuber against the railway line is a misunderstanding and unfounded.
Even their relatives, government employees should be made aware that they should not take part in politics.
Therefore, regarding these problems as raised by the students of JNV Niangbari, the leaders of the union promised to take action by working with the teachers and students as well, in order to bring benefits. The school is located in Niangbari.
Shillong: The Environment Committee of the Assembly led by Mawphlang MLA SC Sunn, Umroi MLA George Lyngdoh and Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang today said that the committee of the Assembly led by Mawphlang MLA SC Sunn and Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang. Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) School in Mawphalng has been allowed to reopen.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, in an interview with the media, said, “Recently, the two Autonomous District Councils have sent their proposals to the Government. State to extend the work of the Delimitation Committees.
Alexader Lyngdoh, Givenson Suting of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, who was selected for the Bengaluru FC Football Academy through the Grassroot Player Advance Centre, was also honoured. Over All Champion of the State Level Athletic Meet.
The KSU leaders led by the President, Ferdynald Kharkamni and Blikshong Sohtun, President of the Union, also met with the DC of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya and the SP of Ri Bhoi. , Giri Prasad, said that the Assam Police have arrested these three youths of Sabuda village from Umpaklong on charges of planning to burn down the Umler Bridge. The Assam Police have alleged that these youths have nothing to do with these illegal activities.
About 472 people have been sentenced to death in the hands of the law as of 2021 while the sentences of 290 prisoners have been commuted to life imprisonment in prison in the past three years, the government has told Parliament.
Even in the midst of their grief and the fact that the people have not yet recovered, they have not refused to meet with the SP, who is the Chief Superintendent of Police of the district, to take action and arrest Biangkupar Nongsiej. strict murder rules, so that others will not dare to commit such acts of violence which threaten the public and society.
Shillong: The Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI), the National Council of Churches of India (NCCI) and the Evangelical Fellowship of India (EFI), have appealed to the faithful of India, including the The 7th of this month will be a day of prayer, fasting for the health of India and the world from the Coronavirus pandemic. day.
In October 2023, the State Legislative Assembly passed the Captain Willianson Sangma State University (Amendment) Act, 2023, to transform the Captain Willianson Sangma Technical University into a fully functioning State University.
Bah Adelbert said that this shows the irresponsibility of the government which should be strongly condemned by all.
He hopes that through this concert it will revive the Christian life of the people, especially those who have strayed from the faith in Jesus Christ.
She said that there are only four ART Centers in the State – Shillong, NEIGRIHMS, Ïalong and Tura.
In addition to the above, the time has come to fight many of the problems that surround us with wisdom, understanding and intellectual strength.
In a statement sent by the General Manager (R) of FCI-RO NEF, he said that for the benefit of the consumers and the public, the FCI expects registered buyers to participate in the auction. you can't be long.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday strongly criticized the President of the Coordination and Welfare Committee (CWC) Shella Block, Gopal Dey, for allegedly involvement in the Khasi Students' Union (KJGP). KSU) in connection with the recent murder of two foreign workers in Ichamati, East Khasi Hills District.
Isaiah 41:10If you say I'm afraid of Covid
Shillong, March 27: The Select Committee (SC) chaired by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has directed the Political Department to recruit more candidates for the post of Member of the Meghalaya State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC). for this purpose.
Be content with what you have, and be content with what you have.
Bret in an interview with another magazine said that Poison will strive to attract many people in the coming years with their new albums and hopes that the band will achieve all their goals. .
Sadon also slammed the Meghalaya Linguistic Minority Forum (MLMF) for fueling the fire by publicly announcing to hold a protest against the killing of these two men, which together with the CWC have taken. the role of causing ethnic conflict from incidental crimes.
The President of the union, Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, said that since two years ago, a house has been built for the hospital and staff have been appointed at the site.
“Why does the Government keep them in this place?
The Seng has also written to the Director of NEIGRIHMS Dr Nalin Mehta to resolve this issue.
Shillong: The HSPDP leader and Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Samlin Malngiang has not responded to the decision of the UDP to nominate Dr Jemino Mawthoh as the joint candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA). Speaking on the occasion, Samlin said that in his personal opinion, it is not wrong for the proposal of the MDA to participate in the upcoming MP elections. The UDP has nominated its candidate, but the final decision will be taken by the MDA.
All this is the attempt of the BJP government in Manipur to destroy the minorities.
Bijoy said he has worked for more than five years on the Balat River to transport people from Moilang to Balat and from Balat to Moilang and surrounding villages.
India is governed by the Constitution of India.
Uddhav Thackeray party leader Sanjay Raut on Tuesday said that no one can be replaced in the post of Chief Minister of Maharashtra. NCP leader Ajit Pawar and eight other MLAs have left to join the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government.
Speaking on the occasion, State Secretary MBS&G, State Headquarters Shillong, congratulated the leadership of the Meghalaya Scouts and Guides. Districts are ready to showcase their talents.
The proposals for amendments to certain parts of the Constitution, submitted by the Central Executive Committee, were also accepted.
Other speakers were IZ Wrang GM, DC&IC who conducted the meeting, NF War FM, DC&IC who gave the welcome speech, BF Sun FM, DCIC, L Niang DAO and ABA L Mawlong. Project Manager DC&IC did not give a speech.
It is perhaps the first time that the Dorbar Shnong in Rilum Khasi Jaintia has lodged an FIR against the illegal activities committed by government officers within its jurisdiction. Police Department to punish the suspect according to the laws of India.
“I have been talking about lifestyle and vegetables or herbal medicines for many decades and so those kinds of talk will never affect my clean appearance and will not Jai Shri Ram can mislead me,” she said.
Nongpoh: To express its sorrow and anger over the state government's silence on the incident against Bah Michael Warjri at New Balakhwa, the FKJGP North Khasi Hills will hold a protest at MUDA Nongpoh. marking the beginning of a protest over the incident.
The Canaanites, such as the Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites and Jebusites, were the inhabitants of Canaan before the Israelites invaded and they rose up and fought against the Israelites.
Answering additional questions, the Minister said that these 26 crematoriums have been constructed across the state and these crematoriums have been funded through the 12th Finance Commission for the purpose of and 7 through the 14th Finance Commission.
Inderjit said that from July to November 2022, the BSF has seized 3088 bottles of liquor worth T.4.91 crore, 9448 bottles of liquor worth T.12.47 lakh and 7471 bottles of Thensedyl. 15.04 lakh, Hemp and Ganja worth T.3.80 lakh, Yaba Tablets worth T.51.90 lakh and other smuggled goods worth T.19.41 crore.
The inspection was attended by Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District Bah BS Sohliya, Nartiang Dolloi Ma B Lamare, Nartiang Waheh Shnong, contractor and members of the JAC. identify problems and take action to move the work forward.
He said that before they left their home to stay at the funeral home, there was a load shedding and as they were still working, they turned off the electricity. da to cover.
Prof. Lakhon Kma said he said this after being elected as the new President of NEHUTA. On the other hand, Prof. Donkupar Syiem said that NEHUTA will continue to do good deeds. and to strive as much as possible to make NEHU a worthy place to promote literacy and to make the teaching profession grow and develop.
Speaking to media, Pynshngain said to amend the Presidential Order 1950, it needs to be done by Parliament through the Central Government.
The MDA government has allocated more than Rs 97 crore through the NEC scheme for the construction of the 37 km road from zero point Riangdo to Athiabari.
The office bearers of the Ri-Khasi Sepngi Federation and the soh vendors said that the meeting unanimously decided that the soh vendors or soh importers in Nongstoiñ Market from abroad will not be banned. .
He said that the preparations for the polling day have been completed.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has urged the state government to appoint a CBI inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the Saubhagya Scheme and urged all the ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to investigate the allegations. should intervene and ensure that the CBI should investigate the matter.
It is said that if those thlen farmers feed the thlen with Dykhar blood or animal blood, the wrath of that thlen will spread all around and will destroy those thlen farmers.
Shillong, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday announced a public holiday on the 15th June 2022, across the district due to the Good Friday.
In North Garo Hills, there is one high risk contact and in South Garo Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
The Adhoc Teachers have demanded that the State Government should increase their salary by T.18000 thousand and a salary increase of 5% per annum.
“I feel that it is no longer appropriate for me to continue as Chairman of KHADC, so today, 19/05/2020 I have decided to resign as Chairman of KHADC. KHADC and at the same time I would like to congratulate the new CEM Bah Titostarwell Chyne and the members of the Executive Committee for continuing to provide the best service to the Council and also to take care, respect and use the powers of the Council. the independence of the Council is enshrined in the Constitution of India through the Sixth Schedule in Article 244(2),” he said.
The government had earlier allocated T.23.12 crore for the construction of the bridge and was scheduled to complete it within three years.
He said that 7 Wasa invites and welcomes anyone who wishes to support 7 Wasa Utd to buy shops or stalls at this fete as a way to help the club.
On Friday, robbers kidnapped a student of Angel School, Mawbah-Shillong. In the first incident, two robbers had already attacked near the school of the student. After school, they went to talk to her and said that her mother had called her and she was waiting. When the child entered the vehicle of these men, she understood that it was a kidnapping and cried out. The driver of the motorcycle at that time followed the vehicle. the robbers took the child.
On the other hand, the Secretary of MBA, Bah Larry Kharpran, expressed his satisfaction to see and see the MBC which has been able to successfully launch this training program by congratulating Bah Teibor Kharkongor and His team, which from time to time has been able to meet because his children are also boxers and at the same time he has been involved with the MBA in running the boxing is not organized by the synjuk.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Monday announced that he has been allowed to open team shops three times a month and has also released non-competitive sports such as Archery, Shooting, Cycling and Fencing. and athletics as well as golf, lawn tennis and badminton.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong of Neiñshnong Shangpung strongly condemned those who accused KM Lytan of misleading the public at this time. be more orderly than others.
The stadium was first launched by FIFA under the 'Win in India With India' project at a cost of T.6 crore for the purpose of cleaning plastic bags for the first time in the country. State in 2011 and now it is the turn of the State Government to do something about this ground.
“When the State Government took the job allocation decision in 1972, it also laid down the rules on how to implement this policy which is strict, strict, encouraging and potentially violent.
He said that even the right people fail to give their best on the skills they have.
Many MLAs, with respect, do not know, except for a few who speak on such matters in the House.
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has launched a campaign through the SVEEP to explain to the public and to focus on two important issues namely the registration of voters. and on the duty of the voters that it is the right of the citizens to elect the leaders to bring about change in the constituency and to consider carefully which candidates are eligible to be elected.
We believe that we will gain something from those in power.
Louis also replied to the question of the Chief Superintendent of Police when they will form a rebel group by saying, “A thief does not tell in advance when he will steal.
The UDP is also ready to help provide textbooks to students from poor families (BPL), to set up special schools for children in need of special education. and without forgetting to ensure that residential schools should be fully operational.
On the other hand, the Seng will not hesitate to pursue all those involved in this illegal activity which is a threat to the peace and order of the people of the area so that all those involved in the smuggling of cows and those involved in the release of cows will be arrested. the law that they should be punished according to their deeds.
Shillong: Lumshken SC has won the title of the 2nd Division of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) after beating Pamra Paithlu SC on Tuesday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that the Robert Hospital is a health center to which all the people of the state turn.
The video, which lasted about two hours, was released on the website of the NIA. In a protest held after Punjab police launched an operation to arrest an anti-government leader Amritpal Singh, a group of pro-Khalistan protesters in London on October 19, climbed to the top of the High Commission and raised the flag of India.
Parents of today do not have time to teach their children manners, except how to provide for their needs.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma after the Cabinet meeting and informed that the Government has approved the re classification of the IMFL Brand so that The State has increased its revenue collection by T.25 crore.
“Any changes that affect many should be consulted with those affected as teachers, not just done by themselves,” said Prof. Rengsi.
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that even after the allied parties spoke against the NPP in the last elections, The National People's Party (NPP) has accepted them back to join the Government.
During the meeting between Orlando and Zelensky, the tyngshop praised the leader for not giving up hope even after the fierce war in the country as well as the damage and loss of which is the soul of man.
He made this announcement while addressing the nation after being sworn in as the new Chief Minister of the state.
It is important to work aggressively especially on the drug dealers who are the destroyers of homes.
The Minister also requested the Minister to find ways and means to improve the enrollment at NERIE, Meghalaya so that students from all States especially from Meghalaya can have the opportunity to study at NERIE, Meghalaya. training.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Albert Kharbuli, who is the brother of Anthony, said that Anthony has been remanded in custody for seven days.
The Trinamool has also demanded that the people of the state should know why various projects have been implemented in these days, which is within three months before the MLA elections. Kharbani has sent a petition to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, to ban the export of coal to Bangladesh, in accordance with the decision of the Meghalaya High Court on 24th November
Film release analyst Taran Adarsh ​​said the film has grossed Rs 11.83 crore on Tuesday and Rs 18.19 crore on Saturday. will earn Rs 50 crore, as till date, it has earned Rs 30 crore.
To avoid these problems, the VPP calls upon the people to think carefully in the election of leaders in the upcoming MLA elections, as another mistake in 2023 will lead to The state has been moving to the bottom of the economic development ladder and it will be very difficult to revive it once again.
Indore: Police in Madhya Pradesh have arrested 78 persons who were involved in cheating and extortion.
He stressed on the importance of the Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam and said that consultation and dialogue are essential for education.
He said that the construction of this road only to Mawdumdum is due to the fact that the line surveyed earlier is not sufficient.
At the same time, he said that phase-1 of the project has already been handed over to the contractor and the government expects him to start the work soon.
Color Balance : Pansara Rong, similar to Pansara White Balance but is in the software of the computer for writing images and graphics.
KAM requests the public to donate by sending their donations to the following bank accounts: Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, UPI ID: .
The team was led by Filicia Sympli as coach and Rumi Lyngdoh as manager.
The NPP leaders in the presence of the President of East Khasi Hills, Bah Jied Kurbah, today welcomed Bah Ehkupar Nongrum together with hundreds of his supporters who came to join the NPP and Ehkupar will be the NPP candidate from Nongthymmai constituency.
They are willing to turn the country into a victim just to support themselves and their families.
"Today, we have fulfilled a promise, which is the life of many Indians, in which we must rebuild forever," Modi wrote on Twitter. and there were many ministers of his, who greeted him.
The first program of the MYF was inaugurated by Dr. Fenela Nonglait, VC, Meghalaya State Law Commission, in the presence of the Chairman of the Meghalaya Youth Foundation, Joannes JTL Lamare; Dr.V.Surong and a team of doctors from Bawri Nethralaya who provided treatment and examination on the occasion were also present. The Sordar of Markasa, Bah Stenis Pyngrope, and members of the Dorbar Shnong were also present. .
And just three days later I canceled his tuition attendance.
A group of farmers has sent a petition to the government regarding the drought and environmental pollution which has affected the state.
It is for this reason that when I attended the meeting of the Khasi Pnar people in Kashiya Punjee organized by the KSU Barak Valley Circle I decided to lead the leaders from that area to talk to the Assam government. to stop the proposal to turn 150 Khasi villages into Wildlife Sanctuaries which will affect more than 1.50 lakh Khasi Pnar people who have lived here since the time of our ancient Syiems”.
Jemino Mawthoh has been elected to all three constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District.
However, there should be the satisfaction of the soul when we receive food and clothing, that is why we should be satisfied.
God has indeed shortened the human ages.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the State has come forward to implement the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme and praised Wailadmiki for taking the initiative to complete the water supply in Jowai. Besides fighting hard and stirring up the government to force the supply of water to Khliehtyshi and Mihmyntdu villages.
Banks were also closed in Jowai.
,Although I am not from the Hima Maharam, I was surprised as if I had seen a wild animal when I heard and saw a strong speech by one of the older Khasi women from Lumsohriew. When he said that the Marams are only POIEI, this statement affects the humanity and society because such statements cause racial differences even among us Khasi Khara.
They also demanded that the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, should remove the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, as he is unable to look after and lead the education department.
Therefore, the party has strongly warned them not to show such behavior to the people of the area, but to be willing to help the people.
He goes on to say that these are only the beginning of sorrows.
Martinez has also already signed his name inside the box when his donation was announced in June.
He urged the farmers to turn back to the old farming methods in order to preserve this important crop.
He said that the area where the BSF troops have set up camp, is the land of private individuals, where they have illegally occupied without permission from the village authorities.
In an order issued on the 20th of this month, the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills has said that the foreign trade from Majai Land Custom Station should be reopened immediately.
In July this year, after the Supreme Court decided to start the hearing to give a final decision on the case, it found that no one came from the side of Dima Hasao and Colin Consalves, Senior Advocate, will be appointed as a friend of the court and to assist it in explaining the NGT Order and order to ban coal mining in Meghalaya.
India's team includes Khushi Kumari, Shreya Sharma, Khushi, Priya Kumari Yadav, Thoi Thoi Devi Yendrembam, Heena Khatun, Juhi Singh, Niruka Chanu Sagolshem, Shibu Kumari, Bidyangambi Devi Yumlembam, Sanjana Chanu Moibungkhongbam, Manaka Louremba, Akhila Rajan, Muskan, Shveta Rani, Ribahunshisha Kharshiing, Hoineihat, Akhila Baiju Leema, Manisha Kumari, Arya Anilkumar, Shilji Shaji, Nandini, Pooja.
He said the Mawhati MLA was still on the run, and after receiving evidence, police conducted a search around the city, in Khanapara, and later it was learned that he was outside Guwahati.
The stories tell us of that golden age when the beasts of man, the wolf and the thlen, one language was still spoken and also when we look at these things and compare them with the present it is true for all. they love their thymmei to say 'The past will never come back' and to mourn for the days that have passed.
After this, it was only a dream to send them back to Jowai Sub-Division.
Speaking on the occasion, B Ranee Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the EPIC is necessary to prove that the citizens are full citizens of India after receiving the EPIC. The right to vote and elect leaders and the purpose of the Special Summary Revision of the Electoral Rolls is that any citizen who has reached the age of 18 years should not be allowed to register. The deadline for issuance of the Final Electoral Roll will be on 5th July
Another program on this day was the launch of books written by Bah KW Nongrum and Prof. Kympham Nongkynrih.
The foreign nationals are also those who have a good education but do not have the ability to set the goal of rising to the ranks of IAS, IFS, IPS and other ranks to promote themselves. you nation.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the incident has been resolved and there is nothing else to cause trouble.
In Pynursla C&RD Block, as of 8th July, 7708 out of 55,313 residents (13.94%) have registered.
Time will tell and changes will come,” she said.
The Super Division Football Tournament (U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy) of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) started on Tuesday with a 2-0 victory over Sohmynting. The match will be played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Regarding the enrollment for Aadhaar, Justice Banerjee informed the meeting that the enrollment under Aadhaar in East Jaintia Hills District has reached about 82%.
Mawlai and Lumparing have 13 points each.
The Superintendent of Police said that Donboklang Lapang has been charged under Sections 3(a)/5(m)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act and 354B/361/366/375)(a). The court also sentenced him to 7 years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 50,000 under Section 376(2)(f)(j)/376(3)/376AB of the IPC. 354B IPC, 10 years imprisonment with a fine of Rs 50,000 under Section 366 IPC and life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 2 lakh under Section 376AB IPC. 3(b)/5(m)(n)/6 POCSO Act and U/S 375(b) which falls under Sections 375 (Sixthly)/376 (2) (f) (i) (j) of the IPC in terms of first and U/S 3 (a) /5(m ) (n) /6 POCSO Act and U/S 375) (a) falling under 375 (Sixthly)/ 376 (2) (f) (j) / 506 of the IPC in Part II, and the court also sentenced him to life imprisonment with a fine.
Drink clean water :- According to researchers, 80% of those who get diarrhea are from drinking dirty water and not properly covered and the rainy season is the time when All the water sources are dirty and dirty which causes many diseases which leads to the spread of diseases especially diarrhoea.
The driver of the truck fled the scene after the incident and was arrested by the police.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today asked the NPP-led MDA government why it doesn't have to appoint a Regional Planning and Development Board (RPDB). There is no Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) in the Khasi and Garo Hills.
Finance Secretary: by A.W Wahlang, Public Secretary: by Rimiker Lakiang, Adviser: by Baseday Bareh.
Danggo has announced that he will resign from the post of MLA on the same day when the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong, June 16: The BJP has demanded that the MDA government should release an audit report on the corruption in the JHADC and Garo Hills. Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
L.Babina scored four goals for Manipur in the 10th, 29th, 43rd and 72nd minutes.
Conrad said the Government has encouraged the farmers to form groups to run the markets according to the wishes of the farmers in order to increase their income by selling and buying.
In the second innings, the state bowlers tried their best to stop Haryana but the runs that the team had to defend were too few, and this was a problem.
In a statement, Theodore Nongsteng, General Secretary of KJBWA, said that the meeting held today, which was attended by hundreds of members, has decided to hold the A mass march was held at 1 pm from Motphran to the Additional Secretariat to protest against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (MDA) has raised bells to mark the end of the rule of the NPP-led MDA government at the TMC offices in Shillong, Jowai and Tura. The bell will run until 2nd October to remind the people that the day of darkness in the state will end soon.
Kong Isawanda Laloo in her speech urged the youth of Pnar Hills and also the nation to be hardworking in whatever they do.
The launch of the 25th Anniversary of the Youth Association is a good example and therefore, he urged the youth to think of righteousness, cooperation and do the right thing to win. in the midst of the battle and do not back down.
Tobiah and Sanballat not only ridiculed Nehemiah, but they also bribed Shemaiah and Noadiah to warn him to stop the work.
A day later, on 23rd July, 2022, Bah Banteidor visited Delhi to discuss the issue with the Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers, Bhagwant Khuba in Delhi to distribute fertilizers. Thus, after a few months, the fertilizer has now arrived and the farmers will be able to buy it at a low price with subsidy from the licensed distributors.
Shillong, Lber 24: U Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiem Lieh today raised a question in the House that many Grade IV employees at Meghalaya House in Kolkata have not received their salaries for many months. to them in the midst of trouble.
The EC today also decided to strengthen and improve the markets in Byrnihat, Ribhoi District and one in Laitlyngkot. improvement and expansion of the Market Complex.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The BJP has alleged that the Congress-led MUA-II government in the state has been filled with corruption and it is time for the people to reject it immediately. this coming election.
The believers from Mawlai Parish are requested to gather at Umiam and go to St. Dominic Savio Church Mawlai Parish.
Furthermore, it was said that in parts of the river there is also a beautiful valley known as “Ksaid Ialei” but this has disappeared since the NEEPCO Project.
China claims that the entire Galwan area falls within its border and that this is the area where there has been a heavy clash between Chinese and Indian troops in a few days ago.
After discussion, a new Adhoc Committee was formed with the election of H. Stalin Diengdoh as Adhoc President and Batbokshisha Marweing as General Secretary.
More than 300 Garo people attended the meeting and decided to strongly condemn the KHADC for appointing Garo Rangbah Shnongs in the border area. Speaking to reporters, Serimina D. Marak and Maniel Ch Marak strongly condemned the KHADC for the laws that have passed and banned the Garo Rangbah Shnong in Khasi Hills. that the Garo people are no longer allowed to become Rangbah Shnong even in the villages where there are only Garo people.
“I feel that not only the contractors should be blamed but also the PWD (Building) department for the lack of transparency.
Please resign and allow those who are looking for jobs and those who are jobless to get jobs. Conrad ko lahkmen, you have dismissed 1000 teachers from govt LPs. ...I'll wait for that.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The rape of a 10-year-old girl has come to light after five years.
So far, the film, which was released in 4,700 cinemas, has reportedly earned between Rs 30 and Rs 35 crore on its opening day, despite the slowdown due to the India's match against South Africa, which was played in England.
And it came to pass, when he was come, that God said unto Samuel, Samuel, go and anoint him, for he is the LORD.
Jongman surrendered at 9:45 pm on Tuesday morning at Nongshram Bridge in the presence of Circle Inspector D. Mawlein and SI CR Marak of Shahlang PS. A GNLA member surrendered with an AK 56 rifle, three AK magazines, a wireless walkie talkie and 84 unused AK rounds.
Two persons, a man and a woman, died in the incident.
Therefore, the office has invited new applications for Fair Price Shops for the year
Zechariah 13:8.
At this meeting, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and Bah Mayralborn Syiem also inaugurated the Mobile ICTC Van and distributed awards to all the participants including NGOs.
Helping Phawa, Ex-MDC and Rangbah Shnong of Mutong, said that Mukul Sangma has shown his childhood by relocating the Block Office. The 100 days bill scheme has been implemented at a cost of 25 lakh tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA of the 19th Shillong South Constituency said that the government should appreciate the work done by these small workers because it is through them that the society benefits.
There were four Indian bowlers who scored less than 10 runs per over in the last match.
In a statement sent to the media, the General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, said, “The purpose of this notice is to announce the decision that the HNLC has withdrawn from the HNLC. negotiation table.
Finally, the union appeals to the government through the health department especially the DMHO Office, Khliehriat, the SDO Office (HEW), Jowai and the The leaders of the area have already sent a letter to the Government to take action to talk to the Government to pay the electricity bill of MeECL, Khliehriat so that the MeECL can replace it soon. The transformer (power supply) at Bataw PHC has been installed because if there is no electricity, it will affect the PHC to provide services to the people of the area especially to give birth to women, to install medicines such as injections. Shillong, November 22: The Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, has said that “If you are against uranium, you should oppose all the roads leading to uranium mining, the road is the road to everything and the “It is a step towards uranium,” said Samuel while talking to reporters after the meeting with the Chief Minister.
The NESO has demanded that the preparation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) should be implemented in all the eastern states as in Assam.
Because when the youth become addicted to drugs, it destroys the family, the economy, the state and the society as a whole.
As a leader he must understand his value as a leader and the value of those who are led or taught by him.
Under MUDA, the MUDA Building Act will apply to the area and the office of the Town Planning officer has also been set up.
Only about 10 percent of the population is low income but many are poor (BPL) about 70 percent, others (20/100) are middle class while those who lack food are no longer poor.
Phasmon Dkhar was the chief guest, Justine Dkhar, Ex.MLA, Special Guest and other Kur Dkhar leaders from all over Jaintia Hills.
One of the members of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, the President of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, Bah Dipshon L Nongbri, said that from the first day, the company has been trying to erect a mobile tower near the Lum. The sacredness of the people of Sohpetbneng, is that it has been the lyndet of those in power.
Then Buhsing became the priest and ruler of the whole country, he became stronger and more powerful, but as soon as he began to expand his kingdom, he died.
With this victory, Mawlai SC has 32 points from 12 games and Ryntih SC has 17 points and is in fourth position.
On the same day, the shopkeepers' permits and shop keys were handed over to some of the shopkeepers who were present on the occasion.
“At first we decided not to take part because we were suspended but after the Prime Minister announced the Murmu we decided to support it because it is The first Riewlum community to elect the President.
In the decision, in the case of Indra Sawhney, it was stated as follows: Even if the employment rate should not exceed 50%, it should not be so strict that it prevents There is no need to pay more than 50%.
During the times of foreign rule, the schools in these areas were run by the heads of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Mission, this is also the case with the government schools.
“In my opinion, the party should have a new strategy for the people because it seems that the people want change,” he said.
To say that the Rep shyrtie should be abolished would be contrary to the purpose of the UN Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples adopted by the UN General Assembly in
“This Act is also to ban the smuggling of cattle outside the state,” said Governor Jagdish Mukhi.
Lum Murok is located at Ramkheng village, which is about 6 kilometers from Laitlyngkot road.
According to SP (Crimes), the injured was identified as Sumarto Snaitang of Langrut while the Havildar who fired the bullet was identified as Randhir Kr Singh.
These CICs will be managed by the Community COVID-19 Management Teams (CCMTS) and will also provide financial assistance to the CICs that are operating and receiving COVID-19 patients.
“If the department cannot repair the lights soon, the village together with the organizations will hold meetings to discuss the issue. Every month the people have to pay to the government department,” said Bah Bristar.
Then the end will come” Matthew 24:1
This happened when many people did not want to register to benefit from the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in the state because they were afraid of the symbol number
After the meeting with Amit Shah, the political parties expressed their regret that the Minister has not said a word on the ILP issue. They have written signs and demanded that the Government should immediately implement the ILP which has been written on walls and also in public places and in different parts of West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
U Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech expressed his appreciation to the employees of JMB who have worked hard despite the difficulties they face, but on his part as MLA of the area he has done his utmost to resolve the issues. the department especially in relation to the payment of salaries.
Speaking to reporters after the end of the match which was held on Saturday at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground Shillong.
The family members had to flee the scene, but a friend of Dr Hercules took the body to another place.
For the construction of Individual Household Toilets (IHHL), 74 work orders have been issued out of which 57 have already been implemented. inform that applications for sanction have been received.
After the increase in the number of cases in some parts of the country, the meeting was attended by senior officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Emotional and psychological abuse and economic abuse.
In today's society, there is no right to accept the right, so the men who are lyngkar should not be judged by the council.
The meeting discussed the preservation of customs and traditions, language, sovereignty over land and judgment according to the traditions of the Jaidbynriew.
There are those who come to work a lot and there are those who have few offices, and the average is about 15 – 30 percent.
John F Kharshiing has been appointed as the Organizing Committee of the ISSF World Cup, which started today in Bhopal.
According to the SDPO, the teacher had raped and attempted to rape a 6 year old student inside the computer classroom on October 22,
The First Class Judicial Magistrate, Kong R Rymbai, has granted bail to the two FKJGP leaders, Eldie Newton Lyngdoh and Reginald Ronald Thabah. .
Shillong: A patient who tested positive for coronavirus has recovered from the disease.
The glory of God is in the highest.
The match on Friday (March 19, 2023) will be between Mukhla Evergreen and Moosyiem Shangpung at 12 noon.
“Even the magistrates have come to meet me at my house and asked me to give the NOC to these Dkhars to get ration cards from the DC office but when I told them to give it in writing they have not given it yet,” he said. , said Mr. Pass.
In fact, we should remind the youth that they should not allow robbers or exploiters to rob and violate their rights and they should stand firm in the words that Em means Em. , more than that is an act of force.
The testing of 20 people is ongoing and 10 of them have been confirmed negative, said KK Shylaja, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
We are proud that this COO has come second in Meghalaya and first in South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that his brother has never had any intention of doing anything wrong against his country unlike others who are fighting against him in Pakistan.
That can only happen if the count is counted from the blood or from the blood of human animals; perhaps as if you were telling us what might happen.
In the last match of the day, Da-i-hi SC beat Nangbah Pohchnong 6-1 goals.
Himanta said it is not appropriate to visit the border areas without trust, because if there is any confusion after the visit, there will be blame on the leaders.
We demand that the KHADC should think carefully, understand the truth and do the right thing.
On the influx of foreigners, Kohli said Meghalaya has its own law where foreigners cannot buy land and this has already prevented the fear of foreigners. .
SBF's announcement comes 40 days after the IBA suspended four federations from New Zealand, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden for their participation. in World Boxing.
“I have never seen the ambulance, where is it, where is it?” said Bah Banshai Marbaniang who explained that although he is a member of the FKJGP, he has been investigating the matter. as a private individual and as a resident of Mawsynram constituency so that the people know their rights and to establish what their MLA has done, whether the money allocated for them that you reach right or em sha ki.
About 25 teams participated in the tournament.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 26: After several months and now it has reached half a year, the vacancy of the post of Executive Engineer of PHE Mawkyrwat Division has caused a lot of trouble to the people who go and intend to go for the The SDO is there but it is very different if there is a higher authority like the Engineer.
We the local employees demand that they should be dismissed immediately because their statement is unacceptable because these foreigners will come to confuse and intimidate us as employees here at Topcem. Cement Ltd.
We are happy and celebrate Rahul's victory,” said Saleng.
On the day of his death, Bull Shylla was wearing a blue patlun, a blue jacket, a white shirt with a blue shirt on his head and was walking on foot.
It may be a small message but if it is not true, it will lead to evil.
In Samuel's vision, he thought that Eliab would be God's chosen one, but it was not so. Therefore God spoke to Samuel these words. he does not see as a man sees.
“Therefore, as a matter of consideration in this regard and for unavoidable reasons, the Cabinet has decided to approve no age restriction for the elderly to sit in the examinations, “It is true that although there is no hope of getting jobs, they will be allowed to contest the examinations,” said Conrad.
The CEM also informed that MDC Ma Holando Lamin has been appointed as the Vice Chairman of the Land Revenue and Land Reform Committee from 01/06/2
Similarly, the types of entrepreneurs are divided into two types, one who entrepreneurs because of necessity and the other who entrepreneurship because of opportunities.
East Khasi Hills has 711 cases, Ri Bhoi 58, West Garo Hills 81, West Jaintia Hills 15, West Khasi Hills 11, East Jaintia Hills 7, South West Khasi Hills 9, South Garo Hills 3, North Garo Hills and East Garo Hills
“Who will pay for the low amount of Rs 75 crore per month and Rs 900 crore per year?” he asked.
Where will the money come from, who will give it? no mother, no father, can give.
you are the sea.
Thank you very much to the Lord and Creator that such things have never happened in these beloved and holy countries.
At the same time, he said that besides this, it is also the duty of the EC to make strong laws so that the entry and exit in the villages, raids, branches, it-ki Hima, can be He said that although the Government of India has not issued the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as demanded by various political parties with the approval of the Legislative Assembly. “Although we have not yet received it, the EC will meet soon to discuss these measures to prevent the infiltration of illegal immigrants into the villages. The Hima, the Hima, the Raid, the Hima shall not be able to do whatever they want but shall comply with the laws which we shall make for them. to prevent outside interference," he said.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 19 : Thousands of supporters of the NPP candidate, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, have attended a rally held on the 17th at Sohkymphor village. 6- Khliehriat Constituency has asked for the support of the people to allow him to reach the goal in this MLA election and promised to continue to serve the people to bring about the relief of the people. to be for the benefit of the people.
“We understand clearly who the candidate is.
In the Pathaerkuchi area, the areas occupied by the Meghalayans will remain with Meghalaya and in the Maikuli area, the Mawmari Beel will go to Assam and the hill will remain with Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Shangpliang said that on such a day, there should be a beginning for the recognition of the day laborers. but the workers do not know their own laws as laws to protect them, laws to provide assistance in times of illness, the law of overtime, the law of adequate remuneration, the law of protection against discrimination, the law of benefits such as old age pension ( pension) and other assistance measures that the government should provide.
They gathered the Village Authorities together with the Khasi people and held a Raid Mynsaw Dorbar by appointing a Chairman as the Leader and having an Executive Dorbar consisting of the Sordar Shnongs and the San elders.
Shillong, July : The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization Shillong (MWWO) on Tuesday announced that it will hold another award ceremony for the best students in the year 2022 who have passed 60%. mark percentage above from those who passed matriculation or secondary school leaving certificate (SSLC), HSSLC, degree to master degree.
“I don't have wealth, I don't have money, my goal is that if I win I will serve my constituency well,” said Bah Lynshing.
She said that before this she had faced many difficulties especially when she was seriously ill because this road was very bumpy and difficult to walk.
“The Dorbar Shnong has already set up a Village COVID-19 Management Committee to join hands with the government in the fight against COVID-1
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has proposed to provide assistance of Rs 2 lakh to each of the victims.
Shillong South is led by Bah Sanbor Shullai of the BJP who is currently the Minister of Arts and Culture.
Any act or deed that destroys a fulfilled life is sin and blasphemy against God.
He said that when the party protests against the Reservation Policy, it does not mean to focus only on the work of the Government, but it is up to the Government how to explain to the people and to instill in them the spirit of not being ashamed. work and to develop their skills.
She said that Mawlynnong is 190 km from Guwahati and about 100 km from Shillong.
The Meghalaya Milk Mission has been implemented with a budget of T.215 crore.
The court found Emlang Dkhar guilty of the robbery and sentenced him to imprisonment with a fine of T.
Jowai, July 06: The KKC of Seiñraij Jowai today conducted an awareness program for school children on the topic “Beat Plastic Pollution”. There is also a tree planting inside the sacred forest known as Khloo Langdoh in Jowai.
Umsalait beat One Soul Utd 5-1 in the semifinal match of Pdengshakap, Amlarem Sub Division on Saturday.
On the other hand, Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC and Member of COMSO, strongly condemned the decision of the Government of India, for its delay, which shows that it does not care about the rights of the poor.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the first goal for Jarain FC in the 44th minute.
Rupang today spoke to Bah HDR Lyngdoh to find out the reason for the complaint.
Meghalaya has received new members of the 1st Legislative Assembly after being declared the winners from 59 constituencies after the counting of votes.
He said that in 2007, the Meghalaya government had handed over the NOC to Athena Company for the project and the soskular had been signed.
The United States on Tuesday announced another $300 million military aid to Ukraine so that the Ukrainian army can fight Russia during the war. become stronger and stronger during this time.
Allan Keith Suchiang, BJP candidate from 2-Jowai Constituency, said, “It is until the counting day that we can tell who wins and who loses”. but on thy side thou shalt play chess.
Shillong has become the capital of the entire North East, which means that among all the Paid Riewlum, it was the Khasi who were first introduced to modern education.
“You did the same when you removed Birajit Sinha and appointed me as President of the TPCC,” Debbarma said.
Trilliancy Laloo, resident of Riatmoolain, Jowai, passed away on
In a statement, about 70 members including the presidents and secretaries of various departments of the HSPDP, expressed their strong opposition to the allegation by the president of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent. LG Reader.
