The Government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has opposed the complaint and said it is the Parliament that has the right to discuss and legislate on the issue.
“The government has won because it doesn't have the head of the people but it rules with dignity,” he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Minister in charge of Electricity AT Mondal said the department has continued talks with NTPC after the increase in the bill. 665 crore outstanding payment and if allowed to continue, this will reach T.1000 crore and will cause serious problems to the MePDCL. MeECL) and the State Government.
The market value of the drugs is T.27.94 crore and the investigation is ongoing.
We see that, every time, while the election is far away, many people talk about God.
In his speech, the Chief Guest stressed the need to take steps to preserve the water sources and to ensure that our water sources are sustainable.
Shillong: As part of the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) of Laban Circle under the leadership of CoMSO today held a meeting to discuss the issue of ILP. HANM has started the issuance of Trading and Labor License at Bishnupur Market.
At the Presbyterian Church Khimusniang, Jowai, the Women's Service celebrated this special month by holding many programs from the first day including the Public Service, the Opening Speech, the Information Competition, Dramas, Prayer Preach among other things.
During these four days of the Tamsa, besides other activities, there will also be a drawing competition, a ksew exhibition, a storytelling competition and a coin flip competition.
Kurmi alleged that the top Congress leaders no longer need to work and said that there has been violence in the working methods of the Congress leaders in the state. “The Congress is like a big tree, whose leaves have fallen and died”.
To achieve all these issues is the responsibility of our leaders who have been running the Khadar administration for five years elected by the people.
The Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR) has strongly condemned the attack and assault on foreign workers in Mawlai Mawroh on Tuesday which led to the death of one person and injury of two others. .
“The Government has requested an explanation from the Tactical-I and we have received it in the past few months.
The injured were taken to Ialong District Hospital at 6:45 pm.
“The West Khasi Hill Committee will fight as soon as possible to complete the inspection as soon as possible,” he said.
He also urged that for the success of many benefit projects whether in government or rural areas, there must be cooperation from all sides especially the village leaders and elders of the state. .
Another problem is the lack of timely implementation of these resources for the manufacture of these naturally occurring mixtures along with the components of these bio- agents) which can cause yields in different climatic zones in different parts of India. bio-pesticides with only one type of pesticide cannot control many pests, in different soil types, in different climates one farm from each other and in all plants.
:The new Khasi song, “Nga la aiti”, will be released on the 25th October
He recalled that he could not submit the budget before the 2023 MLA elections because of the Election Act.
For example, the injustice that women in Islam suffer, when they are forced to marry a polygynous husband, is something that the UCC can provide redress for the rights of they.
I remember, said the old man, “40 years ago, I too left my father, who was your brother, and it was on this same stone that I rested like you.” doesn’t mean you don’t make mistakes, but it means you don’t make the same mistake twice.
Currently, one of the most common drugs in our State especially in Shillong and other parts of our State is Drugs and Alcoholic Beverages.
(For Class X)(Continued) In chapter xxxiii, the author says that we should think carefully before speaking, walking and acting because only from the way we speak, the way we walk. and manner of behaviour, it is possible to judge the character and morality and dignity of each person.
The villages that participated in this festival were Wahiajer, Nongkhyllep and Ialong.
He said that the Seng Khasi stands firm to protect and preserve the customs and traditions as handed down by our ancestors.
Bah DD Lapang, one of the most prominent politicians in the state, has left the Congress party.
On 26th July 2015, when she called him again, he said that he could not do what he had promised and promised to pay the money but he did not come to pay the money.
Government offices have been closed due to the blockade by the political parties as the employees have not arrived at the offices.
We need a doctor to do what is necessary not only Bah Paul to fight for the country and the nation to transform and rebuild the state we have a second chance to build the state, " he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Wilbert said, “Unity and cooperation whether in the work of the Church or in the work of society, because it is only through cooperation and unity that we can reach the goal of life.
As a village and a silver mining centre, Rangjyrteh disappeared and became a ghost town after the Silver War in the 1400s AD.
On the other hand, Dr Aman Warr said, “Every day we go out to explain to the people in the areas where there are cases of COVID-19 together with the Minister.
Conrad said it is not only the ILP that can address the issue of foreign entry into the state but there are many other strong measures.
Two Khasi youths tried to help the friend but the Nepalis came out in a group and attacked the youths who tried to escape to inform their brothers. village.
She obtained Distinction in all subjects and the highest mark in English with 82 marks and Alternative English with 92 marks.
The truck, which hit the man, fled the scene, but there were other people from the village, who immediately informed the police and after a while the police also arrived. The truck was seized.
The party demands that the MDA government and the Cabinet Minister of the MDA government, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, should reject the public hearing and hold it again according to the proper rules. The Seng will soon send letters to the State Government regarding this demand, said a statement from the President and Secretary of the Seng, Bah Michal Chyrmang and Fullmoon Nongtdu.
The Lyngdoh Raij Raliang Kur has acquired this 3.85 hectare hall after the forest was recognized as a Community Reserve Forest under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 according to a notice issued in November
We should never be proud as candidates for the constituency but I know that the voice of the people, the love of the people, the support of the people is in these months after I decided. to join the NPP became even more firmly established.
The JSU demands that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek should take immediate action to resolve this issue so that the sick people will not be affected.
The GSU has called for a curfew on the 19th of this month.
Romelu Lukaku scored the third goal for Belgium from the penalty spot shortly before the end of the first half. Italy won 2-1
The Assam government has also distributed 22,000 vehicles and wheelchairs to the girls who have passed Class 12 in the first division under the Pragyan Bharti Scheme.
He said that JACAUHEP will meet with James Sangma to demand that the power generation project should be completed immediately and should be given a writing.
Besides, the policeman, who was drunk after colliding with the auto truck, was still talking loudly, according to witnesses, and on receiving information about the incident, the police Nongstoin PS rushed to the scene to stop the crowd of people who had gathered like fish in the area and who were ready to arrest the policeman.
The HYC also found that the company which distributed these tablets to the state government, Lava International, has confirmed that they have sold the tablets at the price of T.6499 each to the Meghalaya government.
The reason why I am writing is because a few hours ago he was writing a message in the group but suddenly I received this sad news which shocked not only me but all the journalists in the state.
“I met PA Sangma in 1988 when I was elected MLA, as soon as I met him I found that he is a very good leader,” said Dr Don. you are dead.
“I urge the people of East Jaintia Hills to turn their attention to the tourism industry and because coal doesn't last and there is NGT, there is Supreme Court and there are also There are laws and regulations that prohibit the mining industry, but the tourism industry is not prohibited. God has given us so much so let us also give something as a thank you for the precious gift of God. God," said Bah Paul while speaking as the Chief Guest.
On this occasion, Bah HR Thabah, who is also the owner of the office, told reporters that according to the detailed investigation of the officer, the raid was carried out by the officer. Nongstoin MLA Dios Jyndiang and Rambrai Jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang have complained that the MDC from Mawthadraishan Constituency did not attend the meeting.
Speaking to media, Dr Sangma urged the central and state governments to conduct a free vaccination campaign for all residents of the state. Children to protect themselves from covid-1
Jesus is against this church because it has Jezebel.
On the other hand, the President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) unit said that the statement by the TMC leader is unacceptable. The Khasi people have worn this dress, and his criticism of this dress is an insult to the Khasi customs and traditions.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Supreme Court today issued an order to resume the hearing on the decision of the High Court on 18th November reconsider the case, though it was, which it had ruled on that day.
The report said that the car costs Rs 20 million and it seems that Salman did not take the initiative to buy the car just to enjoy his life.
This shows that they are involved in this allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma.
Arunachal has 34 to 32 medals.
“At that time, the people who knew about this forced annexation to Mikir Hills stood up against the Assam Government forced annexation and Karbi Anglong,” said Bah Thaïang.
In fact, the tournament was scheduled to start on the 1st of July and was postponed to the 17th of July but both the dates could not be held for various reasons.
Most of the people at risk of contracting the disease are the elderly or those who are unable to take care of themselves including self-protection.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nicholas Malai Rangbah Shnong of Khyndewso said that the village deeply condemns and expresses its sorrow over this incident. to attack them.
Telangana is the first state in India to pass a law requiring all house builders to have a heat protection system. The cool roof policy will prevent heat from entering the house and will also reduce the energy consumption of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah M.Diengdoh said that Meghalaya has faced many natural disasters, so the village leaders and village volunteers are the first to take responsibility when faced with these natural disasters. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that the incident happened at about 2 pm.
Shillong: A meeting of the Elders, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang Leaders of the Eastern and Jaintia Wars, was held on 11th November 2021 at Dawki, under the chairmanship of Bah M Ryngksai, Rangbah Shnong. Dawki.
According to the complaint letter signed by the General Secretary of the KSU Narpuh, Bah TL Gympad, as well as the letter signed by the President of the KSU Narpuh, Bah K.S.Suchiang and General Secretary, Bah S.Bamon, said that the dead fish have fallen on the surface of the water. They also said that the death of fish is due to the discharge of chemical waste from the dewbilat factories into the Lunar River which joins the Lukha River. Lukha's river will become snow.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Former Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Standling David Khongwir passed away on Tuesday morning at NEIGRIMHS Hospital.
“Therefore, the approval of the Governor does not require the CEM to be elected by the Council.
Clifford Lytan scored the first goal for Dulong in the 50th minute, but it was 2-1
What is more surprising is that he has won even in the constituencies led by the Ministers of the State Government.
The parable of the golden bridge in the sky, although it is only a 'phrase', its clear warning, comes from the deep thoughts in which the lights of God's thoughts are planted. and it is also this that has led the life of a Khasi in the family, longkur, longkha, longkha, society and relationships with other people around the world – as a human being. .
We are also pleased that the state has the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) which has helped the farmers and farmers to learn more about this field; and within it there is a department, the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) which provides training to youths who are interested in agriculture, farming and other subjects. .
On the one hand, there will be a strong wind, and on the other hand, there will be a strong wind.
I informed him of the reasons and he said he was sorry for what had happened," he said.
Baiahunlang Tariang scored two goals (12, 28) while Dashngain Sukhalin (20), George F Ryngkhlem (35), Sanjini Dkhar (38) and Weibha Nongtdu (80) scored two goals.
The Skill Hub will accommodate up to 60 students, 40 students from JNV Mukhla and 20 students from other schools in the district.
Rev Lowell Nongsiej, Archbishop of Phudmuri Presbyterian Church, wife of Meltimeris Lyngdoh, father of Markordor and Lakyntiew Lyngdoh and brother of Dr. Hopefull Syiemiong, passed away on 25 February
Deibormi Rangad of Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the title of Highest Wicket Taker, Sylvester Mylliempdah of Efty United XI Mynso won the title of Highest Runs Scorer and Man of the Tournament. Sylvester Mylliempdah was born.
Bah D Maring, Publicity Secretary, AMSSASTA Central Body, congratulated the NIOS authorities for announcing the examination date of the deleted teachers, as many teachers are in confusion, especially After the NIOS announced the examination date for vocational and regular deleds which will start from 7, 8, 9 etc. and many teachers are misunderstanding about this.
Acts 17:3
The people of Ri-Bhoi were happy even during the rainy season on
Then the discussion about the post of Rangbah Shnong spread.
On the agreement with other political parties, Bindo said there is still time and the party will hold a meeting to discuss and consider this issue.
But because of Christmas we still feel far away from it.
We are surprised that the police department has not yet completed even an investigation into this case.
The child was identified as Isboklang Wanniang and sustained serious injuries to his hand, leg and head and is currently undergoing treatment at home.
“He said that the MDA Government has given hope to the people of the state that the government will fight against illegal activities in the state, whether it is illegal mining or illegal theft. kadei is your beain.
They said that they have received information that the Council has set a price for the registration of the land.
“We have 5500 km of borders in the entire east including Nepal, Myanmar, Bhutan, Bangladesh and the borders in these areas are easy to enter and leave at will and this is a threat to us. “The villagers are not allowed to invade foreigners,” said M.Ibumgochoudibi.
Under the NFSA, 2013, there are 4.22 lakh beneficiaries in Meghalaya and 72,460 households in West Garo Hills district and 29,476 households in Tura Sardar Division and 41,984 Sub-Divisions.
“If change comes and I have to deceive the people, I will leave all these things and the politics as well,” said the VPP candidate from North Shillong.
That's what unemployment is.
In her speech, she congratulated the Youth Church through the Christian Multimedia Ministry for reaching this stage of having their own channel on the Local Cable Networks.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday inaugurated the Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division in East Garo Hills in the presence of the Chief Secretary Timothy D Shira, MLAs. They include Jim Sangma, Thomas A Sangma, Brening Sangma, Rupert Momin and Pongseng Marak.
The cases to lift the ban on coal mining are still pending in the Supreme Court.
However, if it is as Ardent says, the district council's Act has no meaning and its creation of the Housing Act will be a waste of money.
Shillong, Naitung 12: “The Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram has opposed the proposal of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to hold a religious ceremony on the 15th of this month at the Krem. Mawjym buin and also to put up signboards in the area”, said the members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram who also expressed their surprise and denied the ownership of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. Mawjymbuin and said that this claim of ownership is unfounded.
He took part in many battles, against China in 1962, led the army against the invaders in Nagaland from 1963-64, against Pakistan in the Sialkot Sector in He also led the Battalion as Commander against the LTTE and the Indian Peace Keeping Force in Jaffna, Vavunia and Trincomalee, Sri Lanka from 1987-8 , in J&K and against the insurgents in Punjab as Commander of the NSG Force from 1990-1
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has congratulated the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil), Amlarem Sub Division for taking the initiative to issue the prices of beverages and beverages in the Sub Division so that the shops will not be affected. get to sell as much as they want or take advantage especially at the present time.
“The partnership with Shillong Lajong FC is also in line with the objective of Meghalaya Tourism to promote Meghalaya in the tourism industry.
From now on, if the union knows of such damages, it should inform the village authorities as all these areas are still under the jurisdiction of Khliehmushut, Shangpung.
Turning to the youth, he encouraged them to move forward in life and to work hard to take the country and the state higher.
Besides, 3981 houses have been damaged, of which 258 houses have been damaged, 3,437 houses have been damaged and 89 houses have been severely damaged.
In addition, the union believes that there should be a working plan and working scheme to open and transport goods in accordance with the laws; to oppose the Municipal in the scheduled area; to empower the Hima, Shnong and Kur Dorbars; The union demands that banks and government authorities or departments should recognize and accept land titles issued by the district council or land register of the himas as land titles; The party demands that the Indian government should provide direct funding to the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs and the party stands to strengthen the boundaries of the Hima and Shnongs in order to strengthen the border settlement with Assam.
Not only women but also men took part in the training program on sewing.
The Taliban have been staying in the area for about six months and the band is helping GNLA members to cross the border.
It was also requested to open the school/Community Hall (Polling Station) during these days for this purpose.
The Chief Guest honored the founders of the Rum Shnong Youth Club (1967) who are still in existence today including Odingson Biam, Founder Secretary, Roland Suchen, Member of the Executive Committee, Bindro Suchen, Kyrshan Sumer, and Kmen Rymbai.
We are the witnesses.
“Come, my people, enter into thy gates, and shut thy doors about thee; hide yourself for a while until you are angry.
Ampareen said that the committee in charge is not an explainable process.
After this, the house was searched and the necessary documents were found.
Zacchaeus, a tax collector and thief, was able to repent and receive forgiveness.
There have been 268 new cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya on Tuesday and 147 recoveries.
For the shops, the SMB officer said that they have been directed to purchase their own garbage dumps and they should complete them before starting the garbage collection.
“Think of those young people who come from poor families and many of them have to stop part-time in their studies. “I don't know why we don't have a Government College in Pynursla,” he said. He said that he puts forward the unemployment of the youth because at present the unemployment of educated youth is also increasing. He said that the educated youth have to rely only on government jobs because they don't have any other jobs. route.
A complaint has been lodged with the Saipung Police Station and a case has been registered under the case of Khliehriat PS 05 (12) 2021 U/s 506/323 IPC. Heiplanmi lodged a complaint with the SP on 22nd November 2021 at 10.00 pm. He alleged that the same four persons came back in a Maruti Gypsy (ML 04 9390) and took him away. The Dorbar Shnong has already lodged a complaint against the village leaders, but no arrest has been made yet.
At this function, the District and Sessions Judge cum Chairperson of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), Ms C.Dkha handed over the Work Orders to the three beneficiaries of the PMAY-G Scheme. NM Momin has handed over the work order of the MGNREGA scheme to the village authorities of Sahkai village.
Many children were reportedly admitted to the hospital.
The EC of GHADC has already sent the name of Conrad to the District Council Affairs Department since November.
In Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Times reported that the slogan “Students want to defer, but the Government says no” shows a lack of concern for the welfare of our children.
Peter &Paul Choir.
Amit Shah said the NEC has launched many projects to improve employment opportunities in the North East which shows that the NEC has an important role to play.
Shillong, July 09 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Monday nominated John Leslee Sangma as its candidate for the upcoming MLA elections. it's long soon.
Raghav Kapoor scored 100 runs off 137 balls.
The NKU also denied that it had demanded money from Singh.
The festival was enriched by the Thma Dance from Mawphlang Hima, the Sajer Dance from Raid Khadar Nonglyngdoh, Ri Bhoi, songs and Phawar.
The decision was taken after seeing the heavy traffic jam in these areas especially in Shillong.
Speaking to media, Bah Wahalnag said that the Marten has been used so far as many works have been done such as the production of fertilizer and the collection of marjot for reuse.
He also assured that there will be no fraud in the Transparent Recruitment Process (TRP).
"“With the BJP preparing to increase the seat allocation in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections and Prime Minister Narendra Modi who will contest again in this election, we can expect “We are working on greater empowerment and implementation of development schemes for the indigenous people,” said Kharkrang.
In this regard, the union will give two months to stop the smuggling of smuggled timber without proper documents outside the state and if the union finds anything even after that time, the union will take responsibility to arrest them. Those involved with the office in charge of forest should be held responsible, said the statement.
According to the latest news, the outbreak of Coronavirus and the crisis facing the world, has led to the forced labor of children around the world due to the unemployment crisis, said the President of the United Nations. you SPARK you Shima Modak.
He said about T.600 crore has been allocated for the improvement of education in the state which has been approved by the central government and is expected to be implemented by the end of this year.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by Samnla Danial Khyriem, members of the KSU, parents and other guests.
This was announced in a statement by Ma Harwis C Dkhar, President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Jowai.
The Behdienkhlam festival of Seinraij Ïalong has come to an end on Friday.
Dr Sangma said that according to the records, 5,735 Bangladeshis have been arrested and punished according to the law who have entered the state in the last 42 years.
The Minister stressed that it is necessary to encourage the placement of food produced from the farms in restaurants to encourage more farmers.
“I believe that this young man will be the power that God will use him,” she said, adding that many foreigners have praised the beauty and richness of nature in this country. , but because the leaders don't care, it's like this.
He said that in fact, the land was the house of Bines Nongbah, 48, son of (L) Wo Rongrin of Langpih. and Bines's land, up to seven Nepali families went to build houses.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Shella has requested the DHS to look into this issue and to bring benefits to the people as the PHC is one of the ways to provide assistance to the people in many ways.
I'll tell my master that I'll go home soon.
“We have suspected some people and we will take the necessary action soon,” said Bah Rynjah.
The foreigner was identified as Ali Iman from Muzaffpur, Bihar and is currently living in Ladrymbai.
The CEM said that the purpose of this help desk is to make it easier for the public to lodge complaints if they have any information or see any activities that are against the decisions taken. to keep the market clean and free from illegal activities.
The state governments have not taken care of this most important task.
The Speaker allowed the Governor to continue his speech in Hindi.
Police have not yet arrested the suspects involved in the robbery of the police vehicle. The investigation is ongoing, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang.
James said in a statement on Tuesday that it is not only against the Khadar system but it is only a political ploy of Mukul Sangma.
Funds have also been allocated to strengthen the enforcement department to deal with non-citizens or foreigners.
In the last Legislative Assembly elections, Yollow did not contest the elections.
On the threat against Prestone's family, he said, “I don't have anything to say about this threat, it is not easy for any citizen of the state who has the responsibility to threaten anyone and you shouldn’t take their threats personally.
He recalled that in 2013, the MLA of Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is the MLA of the area where the ceremony was held, came to congratulate them. We are very sorry that even the Local MLA has not been invited, because of the behavior of the Prime Minister, who has not responded to our letter of invitation. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the youth. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
Sohra is also one of the most famous tourist destinations in the world, perhaps if it becomes a district it will be able to develop more in tourism and this will benefit not only the residents of Sohra-Shella. but the State as a whole.
The court also ordered the Speaker not to adjourn the House until the vote of no confidence in the government of the country is completed.
He said that the robbers use hotels or guest houses to commit prostitution.
As the days and years went by, the power and authority of the Sixth Schedule was increasingly weakened.
Police have not yet arrested anyone at the time of writing.
Pa'iem Ricky was arrested at 11 pm and his vehicle was seized.
Speaking on the persecution of Christians in different parts of the country, Abhishek said that this incident is also happening under the supervision of the state government.
HC 4259, driven by Vinoy Sinha, resident of Karimganj district, Assam, fell into the well and overturned.
The union has taken action to demand a stop to the import of pigs from abroad on the grounds that the pig farmers from the district have complained to the union and expressed their concern over the influx of pigs. African Swine Fever has affected the pigs of the state.
Shillong: Three people in Meghalaya have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 (Omicron) today.
Previously, it took less than 10 hours for the residents of Sahsniang and Tumtum, Khatkasla, Psiar to reach Jowai, but now it takes less than 2 hours or 2 and a half hours to reach Jowai. decade.
This project, which has 17 pages, besides 25 pages of other sections, shows and shows pictures of trees, which requires the construction of 6846 villages in the villages, by distributing them. drones, unmanned aerial vehicles and CORS networks and others.
Out of the 18 runners, 8 are girls and 10 are boys in the Sub Junior, Junior and Senior categories.
When examining the Khasi language and its parts of speech, whether in general speech or in writing or reading, perhaps there will be no Kongbah Mar because in the Khasi thought, all things are called tiennam. tienjer, for example 'the knife', 'the plate', 'the knife', 'the knife', 'the knife', 'the knife', 'the knife', 'the knife' , 'the sad', even modern items such as 'the table', 'the chair', 'the kurat', 'the tyrnem', 'the rynda', 'the curtain', and so on.
In the women's category, Pahi Kept came first, Sabina Rai came second and Sangria Terrapin came third.
The Mercedes-Maybach S 650 Guard is powered by a 6.0-litre twin-turbo V12 petrol engine, which produces between 516 bhp and 900 Nm of peak torque.
“In the past years we have taken the life of one of your members, Lal Singh, for the acts of violence that he has committed and which have affected the feelings of our people.
The tourist spot was built by the residents of Lawbyrwa and all the expenses were covered by the Dorbar Shnong. The chief guest on Saturday was in the presence of I Swer, Director of Basin Development, Bah Garland Sun Block Coordinator, Bah D Lyndem, Bah Rijied Kharkrang, Rangbah Shnong Lawbyrwa, VO members and residents.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths to
When asked which party he will join if he wins the election, Wanñiang said he cannot say anything yet.
“Khublei Sahep,” said Bah Sokon and greeted Bhalang.
In the second leg of the tournament, Tyrsad Combine beat Ïatylli S&C Co-operative Society 5-2 in a tie-breaker after 10 goals.
The celebration on the 14th is only in India to commemorate the birth anniversary of the Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru but worldwide it is celebrated on the 20th of this month.
They are the hidden agendas of someone we cannot explain.
The opening of this tungtap farm is part of the government's efforts to improve the income of the residents who are involved in the farming and selling of fish or any other food products. to cleanse the fish.
He said that the two members will be appointed by the Governor through the recommendation of the Council or the Government.
SHILLONG: After two months of strike by ASHAs today, 22nd November 2023, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has called a meeting to discuss the issue of ASHAs. to increase the financial assistance from T.2000 to T.
Shillong, March 1: At 9.30 pm this evening, a group of people went to 4 Phurlong, with the intention of burning down several Sumo, which were parked on the side of the road. Kmenlang Shylla, 20, resident of Nongrim Bah, has been arrested by the police. They have arrested Kmenlang Shylla, 20, resident of Nongrim Bah.
These measures were taken after the department last year launched a nationwide campaign known as Kanya Shiksha Pravesh Utsav.
Once again, the BJP has raised the issue of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) or the repeal of the laws and regulations of various religions regarding marriage, divorce, inheritance and others and to introduce a single law to deal with these issues.
“The Meghalaya government has not taken action and it appears that it has ignored the border areas.
The purpose of this program is to bring the people closer to the police and to make them aware that the Police Station is not only a place to keep criminals but also a place to keep them. services for the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Two persons were killed in a clash between two militants of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK).
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has launched a sleepwalking campaign in June last year. These shops were closed from morning till evening on the day of the ILP protest.
When asked about this, the Lamphang said that the Assembly cannot prohibit the Governor from speaking in Hindi because the rules allow it.
Shillong, July 06 : Former Mylliem MLA and former Minister of State, Bah Hamletson Dohling on Tuesday inaugurated the Football Ground of Myrkhan Village, Upper Shillong.
Shillong, July 04: AICC Meghalaya Chief CP Joshi on Tuesday said that the party's decision on the complaint filed by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister and MLA of the party, is up to the President. the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC).
The Moosalyngkat Dorbar Chnong has celebrated its 50th Anniversary (1970-2020) on Tuesday.
However, the state government has not yet implemented the order of the Supreme Court.
Samla Khilas Lyngkhoi and other older youths took the lead in doing this.
Although the competition has many rounds, the pilots who reach the goal or if they reach closer to the finish line, will be judged by scoring points.
“We expected our argument to bear fruit.
With the cooperation of the Minister of Sports, the Prime Minister and all the officers, the NEOG 22 was a success and praise from all the states of the North East.
I don't want to tell you how we have prepared because we will explain to our candidates how to speak and argue when standing on the stage.
It is true that the pass percentage in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education is only 52 out of
In the past 3.4 months, the fire in Upper Shillong has been very severe, both in the morning and in the evening.
Bihar won the toss and elected to bat first, but only two batsmen reached 100 runs and all the players fell for 104 runs in 43.4 overs. .
No gatherings will be held and all shops should be closed in the area.
In terms of education, we have lost a lot.
“Drink your tea first.
Chairman of Darang Tourism Society, Bah Reaching Kongwang, said that the JAC, which includes farmers, land owners and management groups of tourist spots in the fields and fields, The Umngot River has not been approved by the government's plan to build the Umngot River.
However, the facts will become clear when the final call by the KHADC through the Dy.CEM and the relevant EMs will be called and heard again on the 28th of this month.
There are now 1,500 people who have applied to live in the village and most of them are couples who have just arrived, Santavicca said. , is before 15th November
The SIT headed by the DSP (Crime) and supervised by the SP (City) was set up after a complaint was lodged regarding the murder of the two children.
On the 29th of October there will be a Knia Thoh Langdoh, one of the festivals or offerings to the Langdoh which will be held on the 30th of October.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The State Government has allocated T.5,50,00,000 crore for the implementation of the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme for the year 2023-2
How do I apply for these loans? Please explain how to apply.
“The district still needs such a person to stay in the district especially as his term of office has not yet expired,” said the statement. to cancel the appointment of the DC of the district.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Newspaper Hawkers and Vendors Association (MNH&VA) in a statement sent its condolences to the children of Kong AR Lyngdoh Mawphlang. on the sudden passing away of I, and the Seng also expresses its sorrow because as the Seng in fact we still need I in many areas of its work, but the thinking of the people and the management of God the Creator is not the same.
The company was established in the 1960s and MCCL is the oldest state-owned company in the state.
S.D. Priest.
He also spoke about the Uniform Civil Code, which many accuse the BJP government of introducing, but said that the Uniform Civil Code itself has been in the Constitution of India since its enactment. to the constitution of the country.
The question here is whether when we are sick and go to the hospital do we ask the hospital to take responsibility if something happens to those patients? For them, are those medicines still good or expired or do we just believe what the doctors say? To say that the Government will take responsibility is meaningless, so those who don't work should think for their children who are in their neighborhoods. shim Tika while the time is still available, that if the time is late it will be difficult if anyone has to take to hospitals that maybe the cost will be too high, who will take the transport If the payment is too much, remember that the rest of the victims will disappear and die while they are still dying.
The great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men mourn for them.
Speaking to media, Dr Lyngdoh said that the change within the Congress party has surprised the party as a whole, but the departure of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader has not. This is the first time that there has been a financial crisis among the Congress MLAs since they won 21 seats in
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at the Phramer Police Traffic Cell.
Shillong: Last month, 458 teachers were appointed in Tura; The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday, distributed and handed over the appointment letters to 346 LP teachers and released the Teaching Learning Material Kit. It is known as 'Jadui Pitara' and is used for pre-school children.
During the inspection, it was found that a lot of garbage has started to pile up on the banks of the river especially the bottles of kyiad which have been thrown away.
At the same time, he said that in the Roster System, people with disabilities as well as players in the State have been included.
Shillong, July 20: The new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday sent the list of Executive Members of the Executive Committee of the NPP-led Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDF). Governor Phagu Chauhan to get the approval.
In this state, most of the deaths now occur in road accidents, which are sometimes caused by self-destruction, or by the driving style of the drivers.
Shitlang Pale MLA and UDP candidate and Santa Mary Shylla NPP candidate filed their nomination papers on Saturday.
This shop is located in Iawmusiang and until now it has been serving the public by selling all kinds of goods at a reasonable price.
Eventually, food fascism will become increasingly popular compared to the political system of the Western countries.
The MMDC is a company of the State Government under the Companies Act, 1956 and its main function is to survey the mineral resources and to find ways to trade and to find ways to obtain mineral resources. licenses from state governments and financial assistance in the form of subsidies.
Here, we will not discuss the other Dorbar Shnongs who are against giving a burial ground to this doctor, because one is that there has been no prior discussion and two is that it is not owned by the State Government; but what is far-sighted is the first plan in Jhalupara.
The HNLC through its Chairman-cum-C-in-C Bobby Marweiñ and General Secretary-cum-Publicity Secretary Saiñkupar Nongtraw, has sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) through the Advisor ( MHA, Northeast) AK Mishra to inform of this decision.
It is also reported that the road leading to Hat Mawdon has been damaged in many parts from Nongtrai to Lad Shella before reaching Hat Mawdon.
The Nazareth Hospital has 100 beds and 97 beds.
On these grounds, the Phra Seng urged the State Government not to relocate the Division and to immediately set up a new Division at Shangpung, as it does not have a Sub-Division Office. He said that if the government wants to achieve economic development, it should not do politics in any field, but should do it for the benefit of the people so that there will be no discrimination in any field. and shall not be appointed only to persons or Ministers of the Government for the benefit of five years.
He said that if there is any mismanagement in the project, the Government of India will not release the bills of the State Government and has suspended the project if they mismanage it.
So far, 40 people have been confirmed with the disease.
These 7 villages include Nongpoh which has requested to remove the 8 villages which have been placed under the Committee.
According to the Minister, this incident occurred through a social agreement between the state government and NTPC in
Winner in the category: Rs 2000/- (including trophy).
Speaking after submitting the petition to the Executive Member of Trade, KSU Laban Circle, Asst Secretary Rueben Najiar, KSU Laban Circle, KSU Laban Circle Asst Secretary Rueben Najiar said that according to the information received from RTI, until they have around 325 stores in the entire Laban area but are now expanding.
According to police sources, the residents of the Hima were angry after receiving information that the Executive Member (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) did not attend the meeting as scheduled. A date has been set for the inquiry into the election of a Syiem in the Hima Mailai Sohmat.
All the candidates who intend to contest the MLA election 2023 have prepared themselves to propose to the people of the constituencies in Ri Khasi Jaintia and to showcase their skills as candidates. by their speech, then by their skills in work and also by their warmth and responsibility to the community and some also by their skills of charity and others.
Thank you Shibun Thank you Shihazar Nguh.
“This proposal will be taken up at the meeting of the Shillong All Faith Forum on the 3rd to request the government to reopen all churches and places of worship in accordance with the “The CPC Meghalaya will be responsible for the arrival of people in the state in collaboration with the District Administration. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has allowed the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to bring in foreign workers. to assist in the construction of the National Highway in the State.
Fr. Jimmy Marngar said that on the day of the funeral service for the body of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala, the Archbishop of Goa, Archbishop Philip Neri, who is also the President of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of Goa, will come. India will perform the last rites, but if he is not present, the Archbishop of Guwahati, Bishop John Moolachira, who is also the President of the Northeast Regional Bishops' Council, will perform them.
Among Christians, Heaven, where this person will live forever, is a place of peace and happiness.
There are 14 properties under closure to date.
The protest was to demand that the central government should not grant the ILP as demanded by the people and the state assembly.
According to reports, the Tyrso market, where several youths have covered their faces and attacked the foreigners who are sitting in the market, has also caused injuries.
“The reason why the Prime Minister has elected me as a Minister in the MDA government is because in the last two and a half years Ri Bhoi District has not had a Minister in the MDA government and all the districts should one Minister in the Government,” he said.
The matches include singles and doubles for men and women.
The members of the BJP in Nongstoin today under the leadership of Bah Dimandar Lyngdoh have decided that all the members of the BJP will give their support. Gabriel Wahlang, the Congress candidate in Nongstoin, said that only Gabriel Wahlang can contest against the NPP with more than 60 votes in the General Election
She was wearing a gray t-shirt, black pants and gray slippers.
There is a terrible corruption, the contracts should not be given to private companies so that they can do the work, but how can the farmers oppose, otherwise the government will have to force them.
“However, this order issued by the Government has not been implemented at all as it has only ordered the gatekeepers as an information as there are still toll gates which have not been closed at all along the road. " said the leader of the Seng.
Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, said that at the meeting held today, the MDA allies, including the Presidents of the parties, and independent MLAs, decided to support the party. Bah Mawthoh, to contest the Lok Sabha elections, in the shape of a bomb.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the MDC donated money to Alexander Lyngdoh.
The Government can provide employment for only about twenty-five percent (25%).
In the past 24 hours, the number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 1173, the death toll to 392 and the number of cases across the country to 11,9 There are 10,197 people undergoing treatment and 1,343 recoveries, while 39 people have died in the past 24 hours.
It cannot be said that the government officials and the officials of the Welsh Mission in Ri Khasi discouraged Dr H. Gordon Roberts on the establishment of the Hospital.
The JHADC should also explain to the public.
He said that the protest against the empowerment of Rangbah Shnong should not be in conflict with politics, as this will lead to the deterioration of the society.
The party sends its condolences to I Lok, his children and all the family members.
Residents of Riatmoolain village in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai have been shocked when a truck number plate ML04 C 6788 collided with the gate of a house near the road. back.
The KSU also invited the people of Lum Garo to come and take part in the rally which was also attended by the Garo Student's Union.
Ampati, Naitung 24: With the aim of restoring peace and stability between South West Garo Hills and Assam especially those living on the border, the Ampati Zone United Christian Peace Forum (UMSPF) has adopted a It has been decided to hold markets like the village markets once a day, where people from Assam will be allowed to seek to buy goods.
“If in any form, my contribution will continue to serve the country and the nation as much as I can through politics,” he said.
Bah Shangpliang said that this day was celebrated for the first time in the state last year.
Those who are interested in connection with the election can call 0364-2
St. Edmunds' College, Shillong has 70 sanctioned posts by the Government but has received T.95,720 for a three-year degree.
“It is sad to know that the school has reached 102 years, but the school is still in poor condition. If we look at the enrollment every year, this school has increased steadily over the years and this school is This school is the best school in our area and has produced many great leaders from this school,” said the teacher.
He said that the marks are 50 in the written examination and 50 in the personal interview for Grade-IV. and the surprising thing is that those who complete only Matric get jobs, while those who complete only Degree lose.
Shillong, March 23: The Government of Meghalaya has issued a directive to all District Level Price Monitoring Committees (DLPMCs) to monitor the increase in the price of piat in the state.
On the closing day of the Clean Umiam Campaign, the women of Mawlyndep and surrounding villages, students of UCC College and St. Anthony's College took part in the collection of garbage. Umiam Lake which has flowed from Shillong to the lake to spoil the beauty of the Umiam Lake which is also the source of income for many residents of the area.
The allocation for remaining posts is 10,97,87,971 and the allocation for existing posts is 7,68,81,9
Lajong, Ambernath United and Bengaluru have scored three goals each from their two matches.
Our matters are incapable of fighting by the power of a gun.
“This is the initiative of the veterinary doctors to know whether the cows are sick or not,” said Bah Warjri. but outside.
The progress in the supply of water supply systems in the State varies from one district to another.
The decision to file a PIL against the state government was taken after a meeting attended by VECs from different villages under Umling and Jirang Block.
Therefore, preparations to continue the IMI 5.0 campaign have started in April and will end in April
It is not only those who are in high positions who can look after the welfare of the village or take over the position of Rangbah Shnong, but the village needs people who work and dedicate themselves for the welfare of the village. of the people.
After the Blang pom, the Langdoh, the Daloi, the Pator and the five kurs held a Chad Pastieh. After the pastieh, the Langdoh gave food to the Daloi.
In the Men's Physique 5.5 Above category, Akash Choudhary of Power House Gym, Vijay Singh of Fittorium Gym, Shillong and Pritam Sunar of Gold Gym, Jowai won the second prize.
“In the name of JESUS, every knee shall bow, every tongue confess THAT JESUS ​​CHRIST IS LORD”.
“Just as the government has allowed other parties to return to a new life, so it should allow the HNLC to return to the path of peace,” said the statement.
They also believe that Jesus prepared Heaven for mankind.
He said that the purpose of the MHRC is to make it clear that all the residents are together and at the same time he said that there are many rules that as residents should be together. They range from civil rights, political rights, economic rights, social rights, cultural rights and others.
He said that the actions of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla have deprived the government ministers who came to remind them of the schemes he has followed as well as the new ones.
Going to a party also didn’t affect my outcome to contest.
Shillong, June 26 : Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawdatbaki Unit on Tuesday 26th June 2023 inspected the electricity posts in Mawlai Mawdatbaki village, Nongpathaw district after receiving a complaint from the residents. that these electrical posts may collapse at any time due to electricity shortage.
The NPP will form a government.
However, the Minister said that although these seven AITC MLAs want to contest the election on the NPP ticket, the party will not give them a seat as it does not have its own candidates. in some of their constituencies.
Russia has invaded Ukraine.
"The officer was shocked because he didn't know how to fight.
At this meeting, the PDF leaders said that Auspicious, who has taken over the post of Village Leader, is indeed a young man who has received the trust and love of the elders, parents and youth in the Mawphlang area.
(Asymptomatic and mild symptoms) home care:- Dorbar Shnongs have been empowered to ensure that patients comply with the rules of home-based care as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
So far, 102 people have been killed and 304 injured in Ukraine, UN spokeswoman Michelle Bachelet said.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Constituency on Saturday held a meeting with the Village Leaders of 25 Villages in Quinine. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the problems of the farmers, who have found it difficult to sell their products due to the lack of markets to sell these products. Iew that hat.
The truck was supposed to unload coal to Tamabil, but the driver made a mistake and the vehicle fell into the river.
The protesters in Rithor said that the Act is not secular as the Act does not include Muslims such as those who are persecuted in the name of religion from Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
“Our country and nation will not reach anywhere if we don't have education, so we need as school children to work hard because children are the future of our country. country and nation, and if we want to become human beings and become leaders we need to work hard,” said Bah LG Nongsiej.
Shillong: Two 25MVA machines were installed at the Khliehriat Grid Substation last month and the power supply has now reached 50 MVA. The Khliehriat Grid Substation is expected to be able to supply electricity without interruption to Jaintia Hills, according to a statement issued by the Chairman cum Managing Director, MeECL. 33/11 KV s/s and these will meet the needs of the Khliehriat Grid Substation and these will work for the distribution of electricity in the area, in case of a shortage of KV Mustem Sub-station.
Phrangki Sari scored in the 58th minute, Style Sana in the 78th minute and Balanstar Suchiang in the 80th minute.
The Jowai Diocese has announced to donate 10,000 masks to the state government. The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) today started the distribution of these masks. to use our heads and tongues to fight against the coronavirus.
As far as can be seen from the situation in the Khadar system, there are some political obstacles which have affected the struggle and in the union, by respecting those who have not yet there are leaders who are as tall as those who were ancient in the beginning.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State Government on 28th June 2015, but nothing has been done yet.
Shillong, Nailur 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the state government will continue to monitor with the Indian government to ensure that the laws of the central government do not apply to the rights of the owners. the state of the earth, the shyiap, the marpoh.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong has banned candidates or parties from accusing other parties or candidates without sufficient evidence and should speak only on the grounds and issues of the election campaign.
The State Government today announced that it has reaped another milestone in the construction of a sports ground in the history of the state by inaugurating the sports ground. The meeting will be held at PA Sangma Sports Complex on November 16,
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, said that in this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie has made it clear that there is nothing to express the personal opinion of anyone. The Seng is concerned about the misuse of the Youtuber to use the images of the Seng Khasi, especially the misuse of the Lama of the Seng and the images of the rituals on Lum Sohpetbneng. who is holy.
Thousands of people, men and women, marched along the road until they reached Madan Wei King, Jaiaw to hold the ceremony. speeches from dignitaries on various topics.
Tdam closed the door and the man looked at her like a bullet.
That will be the beginning of our end.
The union is surprised that the company has been collecting money from the gate at 20 Mer, while the bridge at Umsaw Nongkharai and other places where the road has been damaged has not been built for many months. road in the area and vehicles have to pass on the wrong side which can lead to accidents at any time.
For it is God's good pleasure through the preaching to save those who believe.
The wind blowing along with the wind of Christmas and New Year stirred up the market, the sale of goods and the sound of Christmas songs which encouraged the souls of Christians to buy new clothes from the market. For this, in fact, the preparation of the heart for the new birth is nothing but the preparation of the flesh. "Don't worry anymore, strengthen your legs and feet and buy a small box to put money in," said the mother and laughed immediately.
Of these, what scientists call lead is the most toxic.
Another issue discussed was the implementation of the Protection of Interest of Depositors Bill and the bill will be submitted to the State Legislative Assembly for approval.
Referring to the failures of the MDA Government, Mamata said, “What has the Government done in the last five years? I ask them to show their report cards on what they have done in the past five years.
Seven people were killed and several others injured when an SUV hit them while they were standing at the bus stop. Migrant Aid Center in South Texas.
The party meeting held on Saturday decided to nominate candidates for all 60 constituencies in the state.
Dr Ampareen said there is also a misunderstanding that the Government has not done anything for the ASHAs and said, “My duty is to inform the public that this is not true.
According to the Shillong Times, Dr.Sangma said, "I did not leave the party even when late P.A.Sangma left the Congress party to form the NCP long ago.
On the same day, a signature campaign was also held at the entrance gate of Nan Polok.
It is a dark month because Father Stan Swamy, the head of the Jesuit community of the Catholic Church, a man who lived and dedicated himself to the Adivasis, Tribals and the indigenous peoples, has passed away. this world on 5th May 2021.
For example, if Khasi-Jaintia do not have qualified candidates, they cannot fill the posts without Garo or OST. or OST who is qualified.
This will affect the Umkhen which we all use.
Ah! Hala 'wei-briew nga ngam,To look at the present age;Where will the future come,When the world rules? lyoh,The light can shine.
In this distribution, it was also seen that most of the seats have been held by non-NPP Ministers while those from the UDP and HSPDP have received less portfolios.
For example, the road from Dienglieng to Nongjrong which was built 10 years ago has now been covered with mawria.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Khrawkupar said, “Chess has a connection with women because they are the most important kings in this game because without them, the king cannot do anything.
Therefore, on his part, he urged all to never count on any work.
When the truck reached the Khoh-yiar junction near Mawkhap on the National Highway-40, the truck overturned and fell backwards into the night.
He said that the Seng Khasi was founded by 16 elders of the jaitbynriew not to teach religion but to teach tip kur tip kha. protect the nation as you have been taught by your ancestors.
“I am pleased that the District Administration, the management of Star Cement and Kyrmen Foundation and other groups have come forward to help the passengers who have been stranded in the middle of the road,” he said.
“Ka seng strongly condemns the rich people who do not care about the brothers and sisters in Ri Bhoi and before any death happens, we urge the Police Department and the Commissioner of Transports to send MVI manla. day," he said.
Therefore, the union has requested the relevant authorities to take action to prevent the destruction of the environment especially the illegal smuggling of rnga.
“Unfortunately, we have now seen the ceasefire as a way to reach the path of peace but it has not succeeded,” he told reporters on Tuesday.
It is also surprising how the suspect escaped by using a lot of clean clothes to climb the well.
Even the civil society organizations which have praised the government in the past are now questioning and expressing their opposition to the measures taken by the government in signing this soskular with the government. Assam.
He said that after screening them, it was found that all of them did not show any signs of illness, so they were sent back to their homes. shnong, but with the rules that they must follow.
At the same time, he invited the people to come together tomorrow to march.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Three days after the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship, Shiva Thapa, seven-time Asian Championship winner Shiva Thapa and Amit Panghal, who won the gold medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, have shown their talent by winning and advancing to the next round of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship held at SAI Indoor Hall. this day.
Iba said that when she started her own business, she faced many challenges, but later on, with the support of various government departments and through the schemes. The government has been able to continue its work.
Members of the SRT have come to express their strong opposition to the order of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to abolish the Schedule Tribe status for the children of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). .
“None of the school staff or teachers accompanied the body at the time of the handover ceremony on the 6th of June.
The employees strongly condemned the behavior of these foreign workers by Arun Kejriwal (AVP) and Umesh Kumar who is GM Mines and demanded their immediate dismissal. for involvement in inciting the police to bomb the crowd after a clash between the police and the crowd during the Public Hearing.
In the U-17 category, St. Anthony's High School beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian High School 3-2
We hope that with the strength we give, we will experience the brightness of the sun in this present life of ours.
On the KHADC Bill, he said that it is a Bill to prevent the marriage of Khasi women by foreigners. “Foreigners don't have the right to invade and own because of the Land Transfer Act, Trading by Non Tribal and other laws but they see clearly that there is Therefore, we have introduced this Bill and we expect that within 3 months it should be passed into law otherwise we will call the Dorbar Bah of the Bri u Hynniewtrep. " he said.
Chelsea beat Eintracht on penalties on Saturday night and Arsenal beat Valencia on penalties.
“We want to be the makers and not the money makers because of the poverty of the country and the nation because there has been a lot of theft of the rights of the people,” he said.
Meanwhile, Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range) Davis R Marak said that the police have registered the case with the Cyber ​​Wing and Crime Branch Police Stations, which are conducting investigation.
It is Congress leader and party General Secretary KC Venugopal, who suggested holding the first public meeting in Bhopal, according to a source.
Speaking to media, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the Congress, PT Sawkmie and HM Shangpliang have already signed the letter. On the PDF side, Hamletson Dohling promised to talk to all four MLAs from the PDF party to sign their demand.
In recent years, many timber factories have appeared illegally in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam.
Because even the KHADC and JHADC have been completely appointed by a foreigner to give their opinion on the budget of both these Councils.
These speakers also urged the people to take good care of the environment and to refrain from burning forests or cutting down trees. trees, it will destroy the environment and the time will come when it will be difficult to get water.
During the meeting, Bah Lahkmen said that the HYC has done this by the central government without consulting the state governments. the government will send it to the federal government.
It was also noticed that the people have started coming for treatment at this hospital which has been serving for about 95 years in the state.
The ceremony was also attended by the 11 kurs, who is the son of the 11 kurs and is known as Myntri Nongdhar of the Synteng Nongdhar clan. 5 of them were from Raid Mylliem.
He also expressed his surprise that since the notification was issued, the tollgate collection has increased significantly.
Because this is the age of social media (mobiles, internet, etc.), whatever it is.
She rose beyond the human head to explain how to live too.
It is at that time that we will have a corruption-free, clean, righteous, perfect and well developed government under the 1000 years rule of Jesus Christ here on earth.
Teli scored nine runs for Aruna Chal who couldn't stop Meghalaya.
The Khasi Hills Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle together with the SSSS welcomed the youth of the district. The KSU has expressed its gratitude to the boys and girls for their performance in the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held in Tura. They have won 16 Gold Medals, 18 Silvers Medals, and 18 Brown Medals, a total of
Muslims do not worship Muhammad, but they worship Allah or the Supreme God, which means the Supreme God.
Since Tuesday last month, there have been shocking incidents in Shillong due to protests by civil society groups demanding that the Meghalaya Government should arrest the police and forest guards who They have been involved in the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh village and will be tried according to the laws of the country.
That evening, 108 received a phone call from Bhoirymbong CHC that there was a pregnant woman from Bhoirymbong CHC who had not given birth and needed to be taken to Shillong.
Police hope to arrest the perpetrators.
In Laban, the traffic jam was severe due to the rally of the NPP candidate Mitchell Wankhar and the rally of the independent candidate Rocky Hek in Mawkhar. The rally of the independent candidate Bah Lambor Malngiang has been heavily trafficked today.
Trump, in an interview with the media, explained how to cleanse a patient by injecting drugs into the body and then exposing it to sunlight. patient.
Angela said that the KAM itself should fight against corruption and financial power which has hampered the development of the state.
"Whether you accuse or accuse the Government, we will lead you, and the contest in Mawshynrut, Nongstoin, Mawthadraishan, Sohiong, Mawsynram, Mawphlang and Mylliem has been confirmed that the contest of the candidates has already reached the final. “It will be held only on the 27th,” said Bah Samlin.
The two Ministers, K Govindas and Th Susindro, left the Secretariat carrying the resignation letter of Biren Singh.
Nongkdait Nongtwah COO has purchased a Bolero Pickup No. MLO 12 2123 at a price of Rs 8.87 lakh.
According to the 26 posts, more than 26 posts are available only to appoint adhoc candidates without calling for announcement to allow other students of Jaintia Hills who have completed various grades to be eligible to work. “It's a good idea to have these jobs especially in these days when many students are unemployed,” said the union.
The meeting resolved unanimously that the Nongphylluts and Labangs are Pnar and wish to remain within the Jaintia Sub- division as they used to be.
Speaking at the meeting, Hamlet Dohling, Advisor to the Chief Minister and former General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body, said, “The purpose of joining the KSU is to Through his love for football, he participated in the football tournament organized by the KSU in 1993 at Madan Students, Shillong. In his speech, he expressed his gratitude to the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle for organizing these tournaments especially to set the goal of “Em The KSU is the only organization that looks after the welfare and also the issues affecting the community and also to look after the safety of the children and students and also in the Youth should be promoted in sports activities across the country.
Kamal Kalai, Executive Member of TTAADC in charge of Health, said that during the meeting this morning, they discussed that there will be talks with other ADCs in the North East to have unity.
On Sundays, the odd and even numbers will not be implemented at all and those in urgent need will be allowed, only through special orders, to be issued.
Laitkor FC continued their fourth victory in the tournament and Nisilia Majaw scored a hat-trick.
As doctors who win elections and are elected ministers, they have a better understanding of health.
JOWAI: The North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai has honored all its students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of the MBOSE including 14 students who passed the NEET and 6 students who passed the JEE Main Entrance. to study doctor and engineer on Saturday at the ground floor of Mookyrdup School, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“We look at the Raid Marwet in the past when it belonged to the Khasi, now it is owned by Assam. border to Meghalaya,” he said.
Therefore, the club could sell him even though he still has hopes of extending his contract for another year.
When asked by the CEM about the amendment to the 6th Schedule proposed by the KHADC in 2013, Adelbert said that there are many but some of the main issues are to increase them. Out of the 65 MDCs, 60 have been proposed to be elected while 5 have been resigned.
All shops on the byepass should not be allowed to enter transit vehicles from Assam through Meghalaya to Assam. They shall not be allowed to sit in the shop.
In the year 2019-20, the State Government has re-implemented the allocation of T.25,36,91,500 crore.
The voting procedure in the MLA elections is the same, the MDC elections are the same and the MP elections are the same.
“The best way to serve is not to command or command others, but to encourage one another.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) has said that the Meghalaya Age Limited (MAL), now run by the Commissioner in charge of Tourism, Dr. Vijay Kumar D (IAS), 'has embezzled Rs 632 crore from the people of the state.
Sailo, MFS, Assistant Conservator of Forest, Social Forestry Division, Jaintia Hills, Jowai.
The training by demonstrating how to wash hands is one of the trainings that has been taught in these 26 villages, said Coriniki Slong.
Debasmita Dutta scored 3/31 while Daiaka Warjri (2/22), Ajima Sangma (2/35), Pinky Chanda (1/29) and Riticia Nongbet (1/31) scored.
The railway authorities are still searching for the missing persons, where it is not known whether they went missing after the train passed or before boarding the train, but it was found that the number of passengers does not match.
The government should increase the price of the test and if there is a job the government can increase the price of half the price on the part of the government. households below the poverty line.
Many of the people, although they have been deceived many times every election, but they are not surprised because as soon as the election comes, the same politicians come and give them money without enough money.
After this, Bah Rapsang requested the government that as the land has been used for health purposes, it should not allow them to stand for other purposes.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Moopala Shnong Warning Shadap, Diengshynrum Shnong Wilbert Nongtdu, Dkhiah West Comingonejoy Tlang, leaders and members of the EJHDFA. Cham Cham Tourism Promotion Society will hold a Miss Rynji Falls 2022 contest.
In the 2nd Semi Final, Lady Keane College defeated Kiang Nangbah Govt.
“I urge the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to join hands as the Chief Ministers of other states have done by sending a letter to the Prime Minister to oppose this proposal to amend the Act,” he said. he said.
The confirmation ceremony was held at Saitsnad Square, Mawlangwir in the presence of thousands of people.
In the past four years, more than 2,500 tonnes of seedlings have been distributed to expand the area.
Regarding the blockade, the FKJGP leaders said that the party had invited Rohit Kapoor to come out to discuss the issue, but Rohit Kapoor did not. He did not come out at all and from this action, it angered the members of the party and especially, when they found that the case could not produce the proper documents.
Chyne said this in response to the reply of Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport, to the State Government, which said that the State Government has received the approval. , to provide land for the construction of the railway line to Byrnihat.
Even though I was very poor, the daughter of the poor people lived on the street, but she used to come here, but I didn't go to her house because I was ashamed.
He said that he came to Shillong, then to Jowai and later to the next rounds where he had to vote to come to the top. They didn't reach the Grand Final.
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested two drug traffickers from Nongshiliang, Shillong on the evening of July 15, 2023, leading them to recover a pistol, bullets and three vehicles. from one of these drug dealers among others.
The dancers at this tournament said that the people were very excited to see with their own eyes the Rongkusi dance and the traditional costumes which shows that the Hynniewtrep people are rich in traditional costumes.
According to a letter signed by FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District General Secretary Fullmoon Nongtdu and Information Secretary Michal Chyrmang, the FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its regret over the overloading of coal trucks. The NH-6 East Jaintia Hills District has been closed since the beginning of the year.
He said that this goal will connect more than 6000 thousand villages in the state to the Online System.
Patna, June 3: About 3,000 primary school teachers in Bihar have failed to pass the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) examination held twice in the state. The High Court of Bihar has ordered the Principal Secretary of the Bihar Education Department to resign within 10 days.
Political parties should be vigilant not to instigate violence against the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo as happened in the conflict between the Khasi-Jaintia and Bengali in 1979 & 1992, Khasi-Jaintia and Nepali in 1986-1 1987.
The Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District will be headed by the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong and for West Khasi Hills, the Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh.
In fact, how many more of these departments can employ the youth if they are well managed.
“The stirring up of the allegation that the UDP ministers are involved in the coal mining in the state is only to turn away the people from the change of seats and to resolve this issue, they have brought up. with this one theme" he said.
Nongpoh, July 17: Two motorcycles have been stolen from Mawlai Nongkwar in Shillong in the past few days. Ri Bhoi District.
But it is the speech of the truth, as it happens, the words that speak the truth are right there.
The order said that the containment was lifted after the number of cases in the area decreased, but the curfew was not released from the curfew imposed in the district to curb the spread of the disease.
It is learned that in the final, it was a very friendly and beautiful match, in which the first half of the match was played by the players of (US&CC), who managed to lead the match by a score and also finished the first half 1-0
The Minister said it is up to the BJP leaders to take action against their own members and there is nothing to say what action they should take.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 23: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills District (POCSO) has sentenced a man involved in the rape of a child to 10 years imprisonment.
Those who attended the event included DSP Headquarters VDS Rymbai, DSP Traffic Headquarters, G Marshillong DSP Traffic, AN Sangma Incharge Byrnihat Police Outpost, PK Lungdoh, Village Leaders, Sengbhalang and the people. longfather.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.40 lakh for the Mawbynna Monolith Festival.
This follows a dispute with China over the involvement of foreign powers in Taiwan.
The Sutnga Area Coal Miners' and Dealers' Association (SSA) expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of (L) Erudithson Sutnga, Treasurer of the Sutnga Area.
In a letter to the Secretary General, Pala said that the incident has happened since the 13th of this month, but no one has been rescued yet. There are 15 people who have been killed.
Shillong: Thirteen candidates have filed their nomination papers for the mid-term elections from three Assembly constituencies to be held on the 30th of this month in Meghalaya.
This is the meaning of the Uniform Civil Code.
“It is true, the unity should start from the MDC, otherwise we will not be able to achieve this goal,” said Adelbert.
Perhaps only a few people have taken their lineage from women, but at this time this method of counting lineage from women does not agree with many ethnic groups.
“It is not that we have banned the screening of films, but we ask to check the quality of the film, whether it is right or not,” said Superintendent of Police (Crime) Bah Vivek Syiem.
However, in Meghalaya, there is no reason to have two cities,” said Bah Passah.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Syllaikariah, Bah C Shullai, Village Authority, Women's Organisations, and others.
Shillong, November 18: Seven robbers have broken into the workplace of M/s Honsen Lyngdoh Earthmover at Umshing. Nazul Ali and Rahan Ali were shot dead and Nazul Ali was shot dead but both of them escaped.
Because of the illness, he handed over to the Provincial of Shillong Province to take over.
Of these, 5 in Khasi Hills and 18 in Garo Hills will be completed this year.
On the part of the Principal of the school, Kong P Rynjah, she expressed her gratitude to the MLA for his assistance and blessed him to continue to work better for the people of the Constituency and the State as a whole. other.
Good news RupangI like this news from you. Please send it to me regarding my Christianity.
In his speech, the Minister said that the state government has taken good measures to maintain peace and order in the state. AFSPA before the end of this year.
On the other hand, COMSO has demanded that the existing laws should be implemented first and the DTFC should work every day, so that they can arrest people. at the time of their entry not to go only once a month.
It does not mean that just because we have joined other parties, whether Seng Riewlum or National Party, that we are no longer Khasi or that we have sold our nation.
There are 4 recoveries from the disease.
While the government continues to provide government job opportunities through the Rozgar Mela, it is also working to improve job opportunities in the private sector and companies.
He wrote many books about himself, the Khasi country and his religion, such as the Book About One God, the Religion of the Khasi, the History of India, and also translated into Khasi the Ramayana and others. .
On the issues related to the signboard works on the border with Bangladesh, the Minister said that 98.5% of the work has been completed so far.
When asked where he gets the medicine, he replied, “We get many from Nongkhlaw and Mawiong Khri”.
Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 5-0 in the Third Division Football Tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Wednesday.
Shillong: Three cricketers from Meghalaya have been selected for the North East Zone squad for the Senior Women's Inter-Zonal T20 Trophy 2023 to be played on 24th November and 4th November
In the Umngot River there are Dohkha, Khakew, Khabsein, Khaiong, Khalad, Dohmain, Shersyngkai and others.
According to Bah Friendship Langbang, the dead pigs were brought by people who own the stock of pigs in the killing area. and he was there for four or five days.
Nongstoin, June 13: Nongstoin MLA Hopingstone Lyngdoh on Tuesday launched the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) scheme. T.1 crore for the Nongstoin Constituency.
During the raid, police seized a vehicle belonging to them at Byrnihat and arrested the two men who were smuggling the drugs.
There have been occasions when the players have taken active part in Campbell's EDGE10 and ARMS PT. Through the hard work of the coaches and players, the MSOA and the government The state is expected to see more and more players in the coming months.
In the incident, one of them, went down into the pond to remove the tyllai which was tied to the dewbilat hole but at that time he fell down due to the snow coming from the Pump Um.
In the first match, Mylliem Lum SC beat Mawpat Sports Club 1-0 at 3 pm.
When the love between Gerard Pique and Shakira became cold, it didn't end at all, just in the separation of these couples; However, a few months ago, the Columbian singer included in her lyrics, which are figurative and metaphorical, the character of her ex-husband, Gerard Pique.
“No one has ever visited these schools in our village even after 100 years of service.
There are other cases where they lie such as threatening that they have been charged in other parts of the country and they must pay something or that or else, they will be imprisoned.
The meeting and keynote address was delivered by Bah E.Tariang, DSWO, Mawkyrwat and welcome speech by Bah M.Diengdoh, Disability Empowerment Facilitator, South West Khasi Hills District.
"The Role of the Family: Lao Tsu (Chinese philosopher) said, if you give a hungry man a fish to eat you feed him for a day, but if you teach him to fish, you feed him he is all his life.
On the other hand, Bah Erick Syiemlieh said that the party will not stand idly by on this issue, but will continue to talk to the government authorities to expedite and also to provide assistance to these victims.
Explaining in detail, Bah Wangseng said that the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong which met on 14/4/2022 and 14/5/2022 has decided to hold a public meeting to inform the public. the working report (1-9-2018 to 14-5-2022) and the Financial report including the election of a new Rangbah Shnong after the death of the former Rangbah Shnong.
On the other hand, the Acting Syiem of the Hima, Paiem Erald Jyrwa, together with the Hima authorities, have found that there is no such thing, but they have found that there is an illegal demolition of the foundation stone. MGNREGS scheme in Balakhapara village which has been received from Jirang Block.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The BSF today received a tip that some people were entering the Bangladesh border with cargo. The men carrying the song fled into the forest to escape capture.
Therefore, these illegal immigrants not only harass the consumers, but also pay the electricity bill to those who pay for it.
Instead of expressing our sympathy, we criticize their lives.
He also discussed border security, road improvements, mobile towers, wildlife-related activities, integration under the Vibrant Village program, and the accommodation of migrants in one place.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Tuesday informed the public regarding the directives issued by the Supreme Court to curb the fall of children in the country. water tanks or water supply systems within their villages.
CCL is one of the four companies working on the NH road. 62.3 contractors have started their work, while CCL has not started yet.
Hek said that a Shillong Medical College will be built on the site of the existing TB hospital in Jhalupara.
S.Holy Song.
After the warning regarding the presence of tin roofs in four government schools in the city, the relevant department will now continue to inspect many schools.
Samuel Kynshi was named Man of the Match.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which was held by AL Hek, while the Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, which was held by Prestone, will be handed over to Sanbor Shullai, the newly appointed Minister in the MDA Cabinet. bag and AL Hek.
Many statements have been made in recent days against the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma through letters which the ANVC-B has accused him of being involved. and has ties to the terrorist organization.
Shillong: Langsning FC are ready to face Mohammedan Sporting in Group C of the 2nd Division League on Monday.
Ladrymbai Police have received permission from the court to investigate Solomon for two days.
Regarding this issue, LS Rymbai asked, “Why hasn't Coal India Limited started the coal auction yet?” He asked what the state government has done on this issue. Do the coal owners know the price of the auction of coal, how much is the transportation fee, how much is the 10 percent tax to Coal India Limited? There is no transparency and accountability because the price is too high before it reaches the owner of the coal,” he added.
He said that he will take a decision later whether to continue to join the UDP party, because as of now he is still in shock and surprise, even if he has a card to serve the country and the nation. However, the relationship with the UDP party itself has come to an end.
Those who have recovered from the disease are
Speaking to media, Sungoh said that so far this year, more than 1400 Trading Licenses have been issued to foreigners. The Rangbah Shnongs have also decided to cooperate with the District in curbing the illegal trade in the District East and West Jaintia Hills.
The skills of the office bearers to prepare Press Releases or letters to relevant departments from government departments or NGOs, which are appropriate will encourage them to do work that benefits the the public and the newspapers themselves are the source of information for the public.
Many people were impressed by this book because they learned the names of all the species of birds.
Secondly, it was decided to sanction the post for College Architecture & Urban Planning in Tura. Fourthly, it was decided to improve education in the state as from 2030 teachers need to complete B.Ed. The Government has prepared a B.Ed college at Tura College Teachers Association to start the BA, BSc, B.Com + BEd courses.
On the same day, the Nutri-Garden was inaugurated where the seeds of jhur were planted and the vegetables produced will go to the Aganwadi Center at Domjyrti. -The ribbon was inaugurated by Mr. I.Lawrynniang, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
Football Australia and New Zealand Football have expressed their satisfaction with the decision taken by FIFA. The Indian men's hockey team has now moved up two places after winning two Pro League titles.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has been incomplete since it was destroyed by fire in
Of course, everyone needs money, but it doesn't mean that we have to pay for things that will change us later.
Shillong, Lber, 31: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2-2 government has appointed 21 MLAs as Chairmen, Co-Chairmen and Advisers in various departments.
The following are the leaders and members of this department. President – ​​Salbiud Marten.
There are 123 households who have illegally used electricity worth T.100.23 lakh.
He has also gone for treatment outside the state, but it has not helped him.
“The fund for this has already been allocated and the Municipal Board has started the work,” he said in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly.
These are the incumbent Deputy Chief Minister who has nominated 37 candidates.
“The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has turned the Secretariat and the Assembly into an ATM to make money and the MDA leaders instead of making laws to protect the citizens, provide jobs, develop “They have forgotten about these because they need coal mining workers,” said Bah Syiem, who is also the working president of the MPCC. Iooksi on Friday to seek the support of the people of 13 villages in Iooksi area for the Congress candidate from Mowkaiaw, Nehemayah Tyngkan, who said that the MDA government will end this year and a government will be formed. The Congress party has rejected the High Level Government and needs a Low Level Government for the survival of the villages, Raijs, Branches, Elaka and Dolloiships and for the happiness of the children of the thousands. state.
They were traveling by train from Delhi to Haryana, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In the second leg, Shangpung Lumiawmushai beat Sohmynting 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Donboklang said the group has also decided to hold a balloon launch at Mawlai Stand Bus on the 13th of this month to condemn the government's attempt to kill Cheristerfield. Cheristerfield and the failure to release the report of the investigation into the shooting death of him even after the investigation team has submitted its report.
Furthermore, in the doubles, Sabalenka has developed some of her own style of play to punish the opponent, by twice breaking Iga's goals in the ball distribution. of hers in the fifth game and allowed Aryna to spread the victory in the first set.
Many of the residents of the area have been shocked by this news as they have no information about the action of the Union of Nongsynshar without calling a public meeting or public hearing to listen to the voice of the residents. I went to Pynursla and Sohra.
She also alleged that the school lacks teachers and makes it difficult for the students to study at the school.
Therefore, I demand that the government should send an inquiry and provide a clear report on how this incident happened and for what reason so that the people can understand”.
He said that regarding the demarcation in Khaduli and Psiar or Block, no exact information has been received from the government.
Shillong: The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) has celebrated its three years of existence since the beginning of its education in the state.
World champion Rudrankksh Patil has won a bronze medal in the 10m Air Rifle event at the ISSF World Cup in Bhopal. and this is also the second time that he has participated in this competition.
Check gates have been set up around the National Highway and police and District Councils have collected money from drivers.
In the second innings, EJH were 145 runs behind the tied ball of Ri Bhoi.
The Bengalis have their own Bengali New Year's Day, the Assamese have their own Assamese New Year's Day and the Nepalis have their own New Year's Day.
It is a very attractive village for tourists, but the road to reach this village is like a horse road full of holes and ponds along the road.
Police have handed over the body after post mortem for burial.
Prestone said there is no agreement within the MDA Government to nominate only one candidate. He said any party within the MDA Government can nominate any candidate. whom you want.
He also explained about the legal activities to help the refugees.
The Chief Guest who hoisted the flag and took the salute at the Parade was attended by students from various schools.
The incident happened at about 3:30 pm when the bus carrying BSF troops (AS 05 C 2034) which was driving at high speed crossed the highway and went into the river. Twenty BSF personnel of 93 BN 'A' Coy, two bus drivers and a handyman were seriously injured.
Prestone said that if the HITO and HYC are concerned, they should take action and explain to the public before the elections and not after the elections.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 11: Several youths of Langshongthiang village, one of the villages in Jaïaw Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their dissatisfaction that the government has not yet implemented the The Sub Center has been built in the village, even though it has promised in the past and the land has been allocated.
He said the legislators should be clear how far they have accepted the unity of Indians.
The family has a daughter named Mebadashisha Tynhiang, 16 years old, who is going to school in Umsohpiang.
The video has spread widely as people have watched it on social media.
“Another 120 four buses will arrive but half of them may arrive by the middle of April,” Naik said.
Most of the liquor shops earn more money not from others but from those who do not boast that they are the light of the world.
The VPP has been on strike in recent months, in which Bah Ardent has been on strike for 221 hours or 9 days until the government decided to appoint an Expert Committee to The Chairman of the Committee is a retired Judge of the Supreme Court of India.
In the Bible it is known as the “great tribulation” or “Jacob's troubles” Math:24;2 Jer 30:7 “Woe, woe, woe! for that day shall be great, and there shall be none like it: it shall be. in the time of Jacob's trouble; but he shall be delivered out of it.
Raising a supplementary question, Bah Ronnie expressed his concern over the traffic jam along the road which has affected the residents of Upper Shillong and other parts of the State. The construction of the Western Bypass to alleviate the problem.
I believe that God is sorry for that Congress which has insulted Bah DD Lapang.
“For the safety and security of the people of Garo Hills, I urge you to release the funds as soon as possible so that the work can resume and the construction of the hospital can be completed in “It's the right time,” said the MDC.
The day was enriched by the songs and dances performed by the Rovers-Ranger and Scouts-Guides.
One of the two women, who first entered the Sabarimala temple in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala during her menstrual period, has been evicted from her home and is now living in an orphanage. The reason is because her brothers and sisters have not allowed her to enter the house where she lives with them.
It is to be recalled that a strong storm has destroyed the houses and crops of the residents of this village, which happened on the 5th of June, 2013, in the evening.
Shillong: Congress candidate Vincent Pala has won 57,709 votes from Shillong while Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP has won 57,709 votes. 36,697 votes.
The union also demanded that the BSF troops of Bagli Border Outpost should return or pay the money to the owner of the shop, and finally the union demanded that the district authorities should call them. BSF troops to discuss so that such incidents will not happen again.
He said that the community of Ri-Lum Jaintia has increased and even the youth who are now educated in various fields and he hopes that through the completion of this shad sukra hopefully we will be able to reap the benefits. kba and wheat that is right.
On the restart, Williams driver Logan Sargeant followed AlphaTauri's Nyck de Vries to win both races.
The EJCA under the leadership of EJDCA President Rajiv Bareh congratulated all the villages who received the small donations of the synjuk.
“I can say with confidence that education is one of the priorities of the Government and the Government has introduced a policy for students to provide all educational institutions in the State” Conrad said at a meeting which was also attended by the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma.
He said that the lack of allocation has created a lot of problems for the Council which has to arrange for salaries and arrears as well.
This was reported by Mawphor Reporter from Ri Bhoi District.
There have been attempts to teach Hindu subject from Class 8, but this has not worked at all.
They submitted a letter to the Commission on Tuesday.
A man who has never heard of him singing has sung this song.
On receiving information about the incident, the Ri Bhoi Fire Brigade immediately rushed to the scene to seek assistance, but could not do anything because they could not find him in time. which is also the most remote place.
He congratulated the 544 students who received their degrees from the Chancellor of ICFAI University Lt Gen Dr Arvinder Singh Lamba and Vice Chancellor Dr Alicia Gatphoh.
After this, Lajong also fought hard and immediately scored the equalizer in the 16th minute of the first half through Karim Samb who scored his second goal in the tournament.
The Tornado Security Agency (TSA) which has a sub center at Iooksi Umdeinlin, West Jaintia Hills has invited all the young men and women of the state who wish to train themselves to become security guards.
In this regard, we see how the Israelites were scattered once and their Temple in Jerusalem was burned in 70 AD. Before this incident, Jesus had already spoken about This race will not disappear from the face of the earth even if they are persecuted and killed but he knows how to preserve them from the face of the earth.
Hazarika said the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill should not be passed by Parliament, but if it does not succeed, the time will come when we will have to go back to the same path. in 1983, Hazarika said.
It will also make it easier for the residents of the area, who number about 20,000, to avoid having to travel to Nongstoiñ especially at night.
According to the census, there are 308 muster rolls working in the South Division of PWD, 170 in the National Highway Circle and 159 in the Central Division.
Nongstoin, June 10: The construction of the 6.2 km PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been suspended since the inspection by the Assam police.
The closing date for registration for the race is November 18, 2023.
The purpose of this initiative is to make it easier for voters to travel during the Indian General Elections 2024, especially here in Shillong.
This is one of the highest incomes from agriculture which brings benefits to the farmers.
“We have decided to contest in all 60 constituencies of Meghalaya.
After one of the employees escaped from the room on Friday and immediately informed the police, they took action to release them on Monday.
A precious human soul.
Shillong: U Bah Rana Kharkongngor, one of the greatest Khasi singers of this era, has strongly criticized the people who have taken advantage of his songs without his permission. They have released it on their youtube channel these days.
We have also requested the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate,” said Dr Tiwari.
In the Under-17 Independence Day Cup, Sohmynting drew 0-0 with Pynthor Youth Social Welfare.
If the proposals of the State Government according to the words “Sixth Scheduled Set for Change” are implemented, we will lose the present Sixth Scheduled which provides protection to the people and we will be without protection in the country. be human beings, society and in all fields.
“Hill Farmers Union India and Bangladesh Organic Manufacture Co.
He said that it is expected that the use of plastic bottles will eliminate the use of plastic bottles and will also bring about the beauty of nature by using plastic bottles which are sold at a reasonable price. take.
He also spoke against the MOU signed on the border issue which was signed blindly without proper consideration that the land of Meghalaya has gone to Assam and also spoke against the Reservation Policy which has been changed and Save Hynniewtrep will continue to fight against the unclean employment of youth until these demands are met.
He said economic development-related activities played a major role in this transformation.
He said that the Robert Hospital's intention to build this building for the purpose of improving the health services will be of great help to the people in the field of health services.
Two youths, including Kitkupar Nongphlang and Rickey Cooper Pathaw, have alleged that the Medical Superintendent Dr DD Tariang and Administrative Officer KT Rynjah of Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital have increased their salaries. They said this while talking to media in Shillong today and demanded that the authorities should remove them because they have worked without transparency. .
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya today announced that government offices and courts will be closed on 28, 29 and 31 November, 2021; However, for these days, these offices will be open on the 12th, 19th and 26th Saturdays of October,
This is our foundation, this is our slogan, the agenda of the NPP party is to protect, preserve, preserve the culture, religion and customs, from the faith and worship of the poor not not only in Meghalaya but in the whole of India,” said Prestone.
He said that the strike has caused a lot of loss to the people, to the strikers but the beneficiary is only the company which has been operating on the basis of unemployment without pay.
In fact, according to the new thinking, it is very useless that after studying hard to become doctors to provide services to human life, in a short period of time, they have decided to enter politics and have to join the political parties. you don't create laws.
These leaders said that this delay has surprised the candidates and at the same time they urged that the DSC examination should be conducted in a clean manner so that the recruitment process can be smooth and orderly. it will also be to those who truly deserve the job.
Mandal said Bah Kyndiah was a member of the State Legislative Assembly, then the Governor of Mizoram and then a member of the Lok Sabha, where he was also a Minister of State. India.
Shillong: Two MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Ampareen Mazel Lyngdoh from East Shillong Constituency and Mohendro Rapsang from West Shillong Constituency, have sent a letter to the Legislative Assembly. They have resigned as members of the Legislative Assembly of the State to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Andrew Simon.
However, in my opinion, it is not because of the lack of motherhood that the country and the nation lack or lack of trade and inheritance.
Only 30 participants will be allowed on that day and they must wear masks and keep a distance from each other.
Police have taken the three men to the Civil Hospital for medical check up and taken them to court for trial and request for police custody.
Although they are healthy foods, when children are ready to eat and many of them break, these foods become pig food.
The Dorbar Shnong Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District has immediately refused to accept the financial assistance announced by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma for the families of four persons who lost their lives in Police and employees of the Assam Forest Department on the 22nd of this month at Lumpalang Mukroh.
The unscheduled strike by the JAC, which continued for the third day, has severely disrupted the operations of the university and the education of the students.
The Sunfeast Cup 2022, organized by the LJWDA in collaboration with SPT Sports Bangalore, has been organized by the LJWDA. SPT Sports in Bangalore.
The total number of cases in the state so far has risen to 1,629 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Is it a pilot like the government? Are you the patient who treats Dr Sailo? We don't know anymore.
These words are very relevant to the situation in Manipur.
Village officials who have the capacity can discuss with local leaders for the implementation of larger government schemes to create adequate village houses and adequate workplaces so that improve the working methods according to the needs of today with computers and adequate accounting records.
The party's emergence is said to be in response to the emergence of the majority of the people of Assam to fight against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), which the Indian government has decided to implement. in Assam and parts of the North East as a whole.
The Working President of the UDP said that the vote-making by the political parties of the country for illegal immigrants is a matter of great concern.
Of the two constituencies, Mairang is the only constituency where she has not contested.
Studies around the world have shown that the risks are high if young children spend hours looking at and checking their mobile phones.
“" (Erika Evans, Cancer survivor) This article is not a testimony or testimony, but just an account of what happened three years ago.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, Pynursla Sub-Division, today handed over a check of Rs. .25,000 to the Additional Deputy Commissioner In-Charge of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, as a small donation to the State Government through the Chief Minister Covid-19 Relief Fund to fight against the Corona Virus.
The household of Kong Lumspah was waiting for a shilak.
It is the duty of the Government through the presence of leaders in power within the State Government to ensure the welfare of the people of the State as a whole, to bring about development projects. The people have the right to receive, not to be given development works only in the constituencies of the leaders in power which is very wrong.
Jyrwa said it is unfortunate that even the government supported schools charge tuition fees at a low price.
Other speakers included the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Roderico H Ofrin, WR, WHO, India.
“Nationalism is not the responsibility of anyone and there are many people who don't talk or show that they love the nation but they do many things for the nation. They spend a lot of money to write, to collect and to gather, they still love the Khasi people more.
The HYC Central Body through its President Bah Robert Kharjahrin, said that if the CPC & CrPC does not work in the Village Courts and Hima Courts, these courts will have to be closed down because they do not have the money to pay the fees of the judges. pass LLB above those who know cpc & crpc because if they don't judge, they won't be able to.
“I don't understand how the usual method can be better than the usual method,” said Bah Adelbert.
Tur also wishes to express its deep regret that the CAA 2019 has created unfounded fear among the minorities across the North East including us Khasi Jaintia and Garo.
Convenor: The convenor, the damdar-wer, is not invited to any meeting, the convenor is not invited to attend the meeting.
The incident happened at about 9:30 AM in the forest area near Ranibari village.
Earlier, it may be recalled that these nine persons had filed a petition in the High Court against the decision of the Khasi District Council, which banned the sale of land to foreigners, which was issued on 4th March
Besides, the club from Jowai has won its first title in the Meghalaya State Futsal League in 2021 and has also qualified for the National Futsal Club Championship.
Robertjune Kharjahrin will contest the election under the banner of the United Democratic Party (UDP) which is Bom.
According to Bah Shylla, the cause of the village division is due to the introduction of the MLA scheme.
“It is a shame for the politicians of Meghalaya who should have been the defenders of democracy, but now Meghalaya has become a plutocracy and run only by plutocrats.
Newsalin Iawphniaw, 30, resident of Mawsaw, South West Khasi Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 2nd March 2020 after suffering from pneumonia.
Before the curfew, Dolly had bought many bottles of kyiad, but now the bottles are almost empty in her house and she requests the Delhi government to open these shops. .
Similarly, in the MDA coalition government, the United Democratic Party (UDP) which holds the education department has to answer to the people why school teachers in the state have to take to the streets to protest for their rights. Therefore, the school management in the State is different, because in one school there will be many types of teachers, such as government teachers, deficit teachers, Ad-hoc teachers. , SSA and RSMA teachers and other private teachers.
Furthermore, 31 roads have been distributed through tunnels, 10 roads have been used by the military, cable cars or ropeways, as is well known, health facilities, schools & colleges and so on.
The Students' Wing (HITO) on the 24th of this month has demanded severe punishment against the robbers involved in the gang rape of a woman. recently in Shillong.
“I urge the Rangbah Shnongs to move forward and not to listen to the speech of the Chief Secretary,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
According to a statement on its website, Real said Kroos will be remembered in Real Madrid history as a member of the club and as a star player in foreign leagues.
The Indian Women's Junior Hockey Team has now secured a place in the semi-finals of the ongoing Asia Cup.
Do you want to go to the Secretariat? If the Government doesn't arrange, we will bring all the kwai to the Secretariat,” said Dr. Sangma.
The party demands that the villagers should not be appointed.
“In these days we are facing many problems as youth,” he said and also gave training on illegal activities in these days.
“There is no response from the Government on this issue even if they call an All Party Meeting to discuss the issue. This, while the arrangement is not yet complete, how they will continue to call for recruitment every day, this will affect our youth so we demand to stop the recruitment.
Imphal: Riots have resumed in Imphal on Tuesday after residents took to the streets to protest against the killing of two Meitei students. the implementation of strict retribution against the wrongdoers who have taken their lives.
The total number of cases in the state has reached 2,1
Various political parties in the state including the Congress, NPP, UDP and BJP have prepared well for the election.
This is the part that God has placed in man, it must also be holy, this beautifies man on this earth.
According to Dudhnoi PS police and residents of the village, the bus from Shillong to Tura had almost collided with an 11KV transformer before colliding with the office. All Rabha Student Union (ARSU).
US President Donald Trump has praised India for releasing a pastor from prison.
Ferdinand Pyngrope scored the first goal of the match to lead Mawlynrei SC to victory.
The meeting also approved the implementation of T.10 crore for the development works in Tinsukia Naupukhuri Park and T.2 crore for the Bordoloi Nagar Park under Tinsukia. Under the Under Chabua LAC, the Cabinet has approved the implementation of the road for the beautification of the road from the Court Tinali-DC to Guru Teg. Brave School.
The Jowai By-Pass Road from Nadlaskeiñ to Soomer has been sanctioned by the Government of Rs 15 crore and the Thadlaskeiñ Dam has been allocated Rs 36 crore. , said Dhar.
After the BJP won the Lok Sabha elections 2019, the bill was passed in the Legislative Assembly on 11th November 2019, which has caused strong opposition across the country. part of india.
He said the party is also ready to punish those members who violate the decision, according to the party's constitution.
It is for this reason that the YFC has suspended the completion of this road, which has now become one of the most disturbing roads for the passengers along it.
We need to make our voice heard and walk together,” said Bah Larsing.
The JDU has also done well in the state, with its highest number of votes in five constituencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The North East India Federation of Charismatic Churches (NEIFCC) has sent its condolences to the residents of Mukroh village after the loss of three lives in the shooting of Assam police on the 22nd of this month. date of this month.
The Seng also donated 25,000 tyngka to Riya Kharpran who has entered the Top 20 of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination.
It is learned that the incident happened at 2 pm this morning, when a Khasi youth, Wandor Langbnang, was passing through the toll plaza. tax collector, but only because he did not know how to drive vehicles with Fast Tag stickers and who went wrong, by passing through the line of vehicles with Fast Tag stickers, so At that time, the employees of the area, who were said to be foreigners, tried to stop him until an argument broke out.
Even those who are lowly were created by God.Shispah% where will the help come from the song Psalm My help will come from the Lord and God who created me,,,thank you very much.
On the other hand, the journalist turned away, and this prompted the Minister to turn back and exchange words with the journalist by saying “Phi thut aiu”.
On the 17th of this month, Bah Khan in a letter to the President of the UDP Pynursla Circle, proposed that he is ready to be the party's candidate from Pynursla constituency in the upcoming elections. The name of Bah Khan has been sent to the Central Election Committee of the UDP East Khasi Hills District for consideration by the leaders.
This year 2020 is a completely different year, because many churches will no longer be able to hold church services and will no longer hear the Good Friday message from church leaders as in previous years. you are in lockdown.
The snow that falls on others will fall on them one day.
This is not the first time that the employees of MCCL have staged strikes in the past years after the payment of salaries has not been the same as in previous years when the factory was still able to produce. test the dewbilat.
The CEM said that the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute at Lum Sohpetbneng will be opened soon and there are still some minor works to be completed soon.
She demanded that an NIA inquiry should be appointed to investigate the involvement of people from the state and insurgent groups as the people have become victims.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 76504 out of which 72886 have recovered and 1323 have died.
They said that if we count the government employees, in West Khasi Hills there is not a single government employee who can employ even three or four residents, except for those employees. houses they called in order to look after their family.
Clement is an old candidate who has contested against Dr Mukul Sangma from this constituency.
He said that while the first phase of the House is underway, he also wants the second phase of the House to be completed.
After the HYC held a rally against the MoU in Nongstoiñ, some political parties and supporters of the political parties alleged that the HYC has trying to mislead the people on the MoU on the border settlement between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
“Such religious investigation is unconstitutional and does not guarantee the right to freedom of belief.
On this occasion, the Office Bearers were also elected and approved by the General Body for the year 2022-2
The incident happened while these various political parties of Jaintia Hills had met with the CEM of JHADC on the Sixth Schedule, but after the journalists had finished taking pictures, they decided to The CEM got up from his chair and grabbed the journalist and forced him to sit down during the meeting with these organizations.
Karate and Judo will be held on the 27th and 28th.
Malki will now prepare to face Shillong Lajong.
When asked whether Bah Hek will join the BJP again, the Minister did not say whether Bah Hek will join the BJP. and the Congress, he may return to the BJP after the party has risen to power in the country and in many parts of India.
However, many parents are parents by accident and many fathers abandon their heavy responsibility for their children to the mother to carry the burden alone.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said that compared to the current lockdown and last year's lockdown, it is very different because during the lockdown, many jobs have been released by the government. .
“Yes, my son, I just want to hear a word from you.
He said that there will be children's games and other activities at the festival.
He said that Mukul Sangma's unfounded accusations and insults have caused great sorrow to Lalremsanga, his family and his activities abroad.
After the failure of the proposal to introduce the CAB in the Rajya Sabha, the KSU took to the streets carrying KSU flags on motorcycles and vehicles to protest against the passage of the CAB.
Krishan said that such incidents have happened in the past years and the department has taken this seriously especially as the jail is overcrowded with prisoners which causes trouble among the prisoners. that for prisoners.
Noting the demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya, the Governor said whether the ILP will work or not depends on the right of the Central Government.
This question arises when the world is now filled with problems.
“I would like to remind you about the Prog GG Swell.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 9,68,876, 3,31,146 are undergoing treatment, 6,12,815 have recovered and 24,915 have died. the Government of India.
Immediately after the police blocked the burning of the statue of Conrad Sangma, Lahkmen Rymbui and Himanta Sharma, the police blocked it for the second time. The SHM leaders and the police have been fighting for a long time just because of the tyngshop and the leaders and the people have been shocked, also by saying to the police, “Shoot us by ki ktang gun if you want"
At first glance, from these figures, it seems that wheat is the most important food in the world; but as there is more water in wheat than in corn or wheat, so corn and wheat are, in fact more desirable than wheat.
To avoid this evil, it is necessary to consult with those who are trained in the field of Psychiatry and Psychology along with the right medication.
“In Lad Mawreng, when the truck drivers don't pay tax, the police stop the vehicles.
The State Nodal Agency Meghalaya has received the Best Performing State award for Small States including the Ayushman Utkrishtata Award in Service Delivery (March 2022 to November 2023).
Senior UDP leaders including President Metbah Lyngdoh, General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Chief Secretary Bindo Lanong, UDP Government Ministers including The meeting was conducted by UDP Ri-Bhoi District President Donbok Khymdeit, Minister of Social Welfare, MLAs and MDCs and others.
The race will start from the Main Gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium (Civil) through Ladthadlaboh Main Road. Hospital) – Iongpiah – Mission Compound – H.K.Singh School – DC Office – New Hill – National Highway and finish at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium (Finishing point).
Other sources said that the Election Commission of India has written to all political parties in the states and the country as a whole to give their views on the conduct of the elections in Bihar.
The Working President of the NPYF East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Defender Pakem said, “Their resignation has given us more strength and we have received new office bearers and there is no What is the impact on the party because they have not joined us since the past, they are like the stumbling blocks, the obstacles in our journey, now that they have left we have The opportunity to walk in a clean and simple path so that we as workers, can be united and it will be a strength, the people should not lose hope, their appearance is a blessing to us that We will work with the same strategy, the same strength to strengthen the party and to win this candidate from the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
1,200 of these cases are under the age of 45 and the only way to prevent it is to inject the public.
According to the report, the state government has requested about 822 battalions of CM troops this month.
Syiem said that Nongrum, daughter of Mistora Nongrum from Riangmang, Mairang, was brought to Shillong Civil Hospital after she suffered from fever on 19th November.
“On behalf of many members of the Forum, we would like to clarify that this statement by Bah Atiar is his personal action and not the decision or feeling of the Forum as a whole,” said a statement signed by Bah LK Kynta. and other members of the Forum.
Furthermore, the Raid Sordars, Elaka Sirdars, Wahadadars, Rangbah Shnongs and all the chiefs should attend the meeting to speak on behalf of the Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84763 out of which 83195 have recovered and 1481 have died.
After Ladrymbai-B, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain and Khliehriat West FC have qualified for the quarter finals of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA. Musniang SC won the first leg of the tournament against Musniang SC at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum.
There will also be other singers including Lynx, Rica Stella, Banrap, Rum & Monkeys, LB3, Young Natee, Larger Than 90, DJ Favian, and others.
The Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday inspected the 2-lane road constructed by NHIDCL from Borbasing Bridge to Ranikor. They expressed their gratitude to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads), Bah Prestone Tynsong for his attention to the demand of the union to improve the road. on the 2-lane road from Ranikor to Nongjri.
Over the past four and a half years we have witnessed that our various programs have been successful in implementation through missions to bring about positive change”.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD led by its President, Bah Michal Chyrmang, President of Khliehriat Circle, Bah Kyrshan Blah and other leaders. They have erected a signboard Welcome To Meghalaya at the bridge of Ratacherra village.
The office bearers include Banalis Syiem (Ri Bhoi District), Vice President Jerry A Suting (Jaintia District), Jena Nengnong (East Khasi), Kyntinora Wahlang (Eastern West Khasi), General Secretary and Mangkara Kharjamuti. East Khasi), assistant general secretary Charles Shongwan (Bhoi), Kong Fiyoris Syngkon (Jaintia), Kong Arlin, treasurer Kong Joyciful Lipon (Jaintia).
The MDCs who signed the statement are Lakhon Biam, BJP State General Secretary, Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang, MDC Sing Mulieh, BJP State General Secretary and Shaphrang Lyngdoh. Ma Moonlight Daw, BJP General Secretary West Jaintia Hills Unit.
At present, the percentage of passing of the students is sufficient and there is no need for the CUET. Therefore, the GNC urges the Prime Minister to take action on this issue. to talk to the central government authorities and especially the Human Resource Development (HRD) department to suspend the CUET in the state as this will affect the state in all aspects.
He said that it was only under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and himself that issues such as Them Metor, the demarcation of the border, ILP, to demand the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule were taken up. other political parties are not willing to take it.
“You cannot just make political issues,” he said, adding, “we need to focus on the main development projects and not on these projects.
A bench in Lucknow on Tuesday passed the order in implementation of the Supreme Court's July 25 order granting bail to Ashish Mishra.
The greatest example of them is Mother Teresa who lived her life how to love and care for others and received love all over the world.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that it is not the first time that the District Council has taken steps to improve the market but it has been thought of since the time of KHUDA and now the PDF. He explained that he is currently sending designs on how to improve the entry and exit points to the market.
“You will face many challenges, but if you have the will, you have the opportunity,” said Kong Joycy.
“According to the RTI, the MEDC will give advice on policies to improve industry and income in the state but they have never thought of giving advice while the four appointment as Chairman and Co Chairman and others have taken T.1,55,02,266,” he said.
On the same day, it was also seen that many youths from Ri Bhoi, have joined the new party.
He said that Lumshnong and surrounding villages will support the company.
Shillong, July 21: Students from the North East who are studying in 30 institutions in India will receive 100 percent scholarship scheme. tip like Brilliance.
She has also won 9 gold, 6 silver and 2 bronze medals at the state level and inter school level which she started competing at the age of 9 years.
Thus, throughout London and elsewhere, church leaders prepared and published war sermons or sermons that incited and urged the people to fight against and kill the Germans.
So if NEEPCO cuts off the line because of non-payment of electricity bill, we can understand, but NEEPCO does not do so.
The Rangbah Shnong, Baiateilang Lapang, on Monday said that the Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Nongrah has decided to sell the village pond in Umroi Nongrah. He said that many of the residents of the village have come out to clarify the allegation and they have admitted that it is just a slander against the Rangbah Shnong.
According to a statement sent by Wallambok Syiemiong Chairman MECF, the MECF has shut down FEDCO because of its anger at the corruption and fraud of FEDCO and MeECL, despite the opposition. of the people of the area.
The Indian Secular Front (ISF) MLA from the area announced that the party's candidates have filed their nomination papers on Tuesday.
On the implementation or non-implementation of the coal mining ban in the state, Bindo said, “If it doesn't listen, it's up to the government”.
This is the fact that the appointment of Syiem or Nongsynshar is special and sacred because it has to rule the country and the nation or any nation here on earth.
Therefore, he urged all those present to take an oath to protect children in the community in order to bring happiness in their lives.
Speaking on the NOC of the factory, Reading War and his members expressed their surprise that the residents did not have any information and said that it was given quietly.
In another order, the Magistrate has ordered the closure of all schools in East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongpoh, Nailar 24: One of the Riew Rangbah of Ri Bhoi District, former CEM of KHADC and a strong supporter of the National People's Party (NPP), has joined the National People's Party (NPP). NPP together with Dr.DD Lapang, Bah RR Makdoh on this occasion has decided to leave the party without revealing the reasons why he left the party. he just gave the excuse that it was his personal reason.
The Prime Minister's Office in a tweet today wrote, “Prime Minister @narendramodi will address the nation at 10 AM on 14th April
However, as soon as we were ruled by the French, that clean, pure and well-founded way of life began to deteriorate.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: There is a saying, the more the pig lures, the more the dog gets honor. This is the party, but it has been replaced by a new member of the party.
Expressing his gratitude, the Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal said, “The State Energy Efficiency Performance Award shows our commitment to the improvement of electricity supply and encourages us to move forward in the way to produce clean electricity in the future"
Jowai, March 29: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
When the shad tyngkoh is over, they dance around all night and the dhulia play the ksing when the sun rises in the morning, on the day of the Mawlong market.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 18: The South West Khasi Hills District Rock Climbing and Mountaineering Association (SWKHDRC&MA) has announced that it will select children for the Rock Climbing & Mountaineering Championships to be held this year in Tura. The training was held at the Kynrew Myllah Adventure Training Center and Eco-Tourism (KMA-TC&ET) located in Mawranglang, South West Khasi Hills District.
The car scored 177/10 in 32.2 overs.
Those who were present on the occasion included the two Chief Guests, Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Lasky Rymbai and Francis Swer, Khliehriat; The Waheh Shnong of Mukhaïalong, Bah Hundred Phawa, the elders of the village, the parents, the youth and the children of the village.
When the CAA 2019 mentions the Sixth Schedule, it should respect the Sixth Schedule, that is, it should not do anything to repeal the Sixth Schedule in any way. .
“We will give 10 months to these VECs to complete their work and if they do not complete we will lodge a complaint,” he said.
She said that if other groups can conduct such programmes, it will be a great blessing to those people who cannot afford to send their eyes to health centres.
The office bearers of the PDF Women's Wing are Sitsina Marweiñ President and Alphadalin Lyngdoh General Secretary.
According to the latest news, even the state government officials have no knowledge of the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs to the city, except for a few army chiefs. .
"As it turns out, the country's men's team has done well in the Asian Games in the past years and won a gold medal in 1951, after which it continued to come in the top position. in 1962 and won the bronze medal in
“I remember when we went to school, the word net in Khasi means jar.
Pray for all kings and all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.—1 Timothy 2:1-2
Shillong: Teachers under the umbrella of NEHUTA and MeTTA-NEHU have demanded that the Central Government should consider appointing a female professor who is an indigenous woman as the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the North. Eastern Hill University.
He also spoke on the need to provide electricity to the villages, in which he said that the government will provide electricity to all the villages.
“But Sherpas from developing countries like Brazil, South Africa and Indonesia have worked with India to get consensus.
Connect networks and towers to 4g sites.
Here, the INC seems to be doing better in many constituencies, and better than the UDP or NPP.
Regarding the issuance of Trading License and Labor License, the CEM promised to take action and set up the JHADC office in Khliehriat. The CEM promised to take up this issue at the Executive Committee meeting.
The Government of Meghalaya, under Grant-in-Aid (Creation of Capital Assets) is proposed to have a Septage waste Management system in Sabah Muswang, Jowai for the works detailed below.
Therefore, we don't see that the Assam Government will be able to turn more and more to the border of Nagaland as they turn to the border of Meghalaya.
However, this too ends only in arguments, turns into arguments and arguments.
And her statement that my protest against the song is after the KHADC played it in the Budget Session and that the KSU put it on their song list is wrong because I I don't mean to criticize the KHADC. I don't mean to criticize the budget of the KHADC. KSU because I have never heard even that song of our Students' Union, that means I am speaking on my own behalf and on the presence of words that insult our Jaitbynriew.
Two injured, Amir Udin Laskal, 24, and Iqbal Hussain, 29, were rushed to Bhoirymbong CHC and later to Bhoirymbong CHC. Shillong Civil Hospital.
Therefore, he believes that the VPP needs to come forward to bring about change in the region.
“He congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi for electing Draupadi Murmu as the tribal candidate and said, “It is a recognition of the minorities in this country.
During the investigation, Altaf Hussain led the police to his warehouse and from this warehouse police seized 9883 bottles of Phensedyl.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JACAMFU) will hold a public meeting at Mawsynram on the 6th of this month.
And the time of the kingdom shall be as it is written, And from the time that the whole burnt offering shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, 1290 days.
Another election discussion of the candidates has been very difficult in many constituencies because the election campaigners instead of discussing the important issues, which affect the life and death of the community, the country and the nation, They don't spend time telling people that he who is like that is like that.
In the first match, Rymbai Synrang beat Rymbai Pohskur SC by scoring 6 goals while Pohskur SC managed to score only 2 goals.
The four Dorbar Shnongs, which the government has planned to include in the list of Census Towns, include Nongrah, Umroi, Jaiaw Central, Laban Saro, Umroi Madan and Umdohbyrthih. The Union has decided to oppose this because the people in these villages are still farmers and day laborers, and the people in these villages do not have the right to be included in the Urban Census or the villages which fell under the category of Sor.
Shillong: In the second match of the Kalinga Super Cup against North East United at the Kalinga Stadium Pitch-I, Bhubaneswar, Lajong lost 2-0 1.
No one was injured or killed in the blast.
No one was injured in the incident and no damage was reported.
Shylla said the meeting will be held in two parts, the first part will discuss the rules and regulations of the group of Chief Executive Members and the second part will include election of office bearers.
Lucknow: Five people, four of them farmers, were killed when a farmers' protest turned bloody in Lakhimpur Kheri district on Wednesday. It is located 130 kilometers from Lucknow in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued Section 144 CrPC which empowers the Wildlife Department to ensure that the area will be a monitored area. epidemic center and 10 km around still to be monitored.
Jowai, March 19: The Border Security Force (BSF) at Lyngkhat BOP have seized 11 lakh 82 thousand Bangladeshi rupees from a man who has fled to Bangladesh.
The scooty (ML R 2983) coming from Dhankheti collided with a small truck (NL 01 AB 5228).
Rescuers found the child crying in the collapse of the five-storey building, where he was reportedly buried in the roof of the house.
He said that as the Supreme Court has banned the sale of cows seized by the customs department, the government should hand them over to the union to take care of them because here in the state, there is no cow. Gaushala said that the union is ready to accept if the government is ready to hand over.
Regarding the Shyiap in the Wah, K.Pariat urged the residents to harvest it according to their customs and traditions and to use it in the construction of their own homes.
The last prize was won by Bah Iashanbok Klein from Mawsyntai and a cash prize of T.7000/- and Kong Wanrilang. Ranee from Iewmawlong came second with a cash prize of T4000/- and Rickshong Mawphniang came third with a cash prize of T2000/-.
A 22-year-old girl named Riwanki Dkhar has drowned in Sahksaw River, Myntdu in Chamcham village, East Jaintia Hills District on Sunday.
Dr Laloo said the government has set up a committee headed by the director of DHTE to study the requirements and roles of the Engineering College. accepted the Government's proposal on 2nd June,
The meeting held at the Inspection Bungalow (IB) in Donakaukam village was not successful as the meeting was called for a short period of time.
Ms Jyrwa also warned that Khasi girls should not marry foreigners as it is like opening the door for foreigners to come to the state and our small community.
The setting up of border haats has been postponed until the end of the elections.
Shillong: Schools in Dangar area of ​​Mawsynram Block have been ordered to close for 10 months from 21st June 2023 or until 21st June I don't know, I don't know.
One Direction is one of the UK's most popular rock bands, comprising Harry Styles, Liam Tomlinson, Liam Payne and Zayn Malik.
The union has expressed its gratitude to the five sports stars including Damebanmerbha SBlah, Samebanmerbha SBlah, Daphilahun M Wahlang, Inlumlang Skhemiew and Alferous Khar Syiemiong, who are residents of the constituency. he brought fame and glory.
You'll end up with me.
Shillong: The decline in the price of synsar in these days has caused severe distress to 80 households in Weikyian village, Nongjri district, Pynursla village. and which is one of the villages which depend for their livelihood only on the cultivation of synsar.
I wouldn't say it was bad luck.
Referring to the resignation of the President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, it has been more than 24 hours since the writing of this news. Bah Ardent's health is still good and there is no shortage.
Besides not having a full border, we are still under the Assam Schedule, Joint Cadre and Status Quo.
Lawai said that it had to be suspended in these two blocks because the people wanted to explain to the public.
The meeting was attended by the President of the Jaintia Waheh Shnong Union, Ma Army Lipon, former General Secretary of the JSU and leaders and members of the four organizations.
Shillong: About 35 people were injured this morning while they were on their way from Mawryngkneng to Shillong.
Therefore, regarding the shortage of electricity, water supply and lack of Doctor (MBBS), which has caused problems to the people who have gone for treatment, the union will leave. “It is necessary to inform the higher authorities or even the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, so that they can take action to provide this health centre, which has witnessed dozens of villages in the area,” he added.
When the time of the examination came, Panah began to visit her and wished her good luck.
Shillong: The Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) today announced that it supports the arrest of some petrol smugglers in the middle of the state highways.
Therefore, as farmers with a sad heart, they have lost hope and thought how else to supply their households with rice for the coming year where they cannot do anything. There is no need to improve these areas which have been damaged by the natural forces because these days it is still the time to plant rice seeds and where else to plant or cultivate because the soil has been destroyed. they are not covered with water.
On this day, the ceremony will be enriched by traditional dances.
In the same way, those participants or performers were proud or ashamed when they were called “sexy” or “wicked”.
He said that the crowd at the stadium in those years was very large but when it was held at the JN Stadium, the attendance was very low and it is not known why.
The Khasi girl from West Jaintia Hills District escaped from the hands of the robbers last night and members of the KSU Delhi Unit under the leadership of Wallambok Nongsiej Vice President, immediately rushed to the scene.
At the same time, they said that they have met with the Officer SRRDA, PMGSY in Shillong and have sent a letter to the contractor regarding the suspension of the work. he shall not complete it before the expiration of the period stipulated by the Government.
Gershkovich was arrested by Russian authorities on October 29, accusing the journalist of being a spy sent by the United States to Russia. for the first time that Russia will hold, and accuse US citizens of being US spies even though the US has no ulterior motives as alleged by Russia.
Other speakers included Rtn SK Lato who is also one of the founders of WJDSA, WJDSA Working President Ma EMH Passah in the presence of WJDSA office bearers and members of Rotary Club Jowai.
The development of a mindset among parents to protect their children in the use of money.
The incident happened on the 14th when his wife and three children were at home and it was found that he committed suicide this morning.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: Many of the residents of Airtel in many parts of Jowai, especially in the inner areas of Jowai, have faced many problems due to the excessive slowdown. Mobile Network.
He said that the present MDA government is a government that has a long-term vision for the rural and underdeveloped villages. The present MDA government has worked harder in terms of roads for the people compared to the previous government.
If he has to sit out for two months, Messi will also miss the home match against Ajaccio on the 13th of this month.
And Peter said unto them, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this? Why are you surprised because it was not by our own power or godliness, but the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, that he has glorified his Son – Jesus, whom you have betrayed? you have condemned him before Pilate, you have condemned the holy and righteous one, and you have killed the King of salvation.
They are Spencer Mervyn Mylliem, son of WMS Pariat, IAS, Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and Daniel Vincent Laitflang Stone, son of Dr. Cecilia Laitflang. Spencer Mervyn Mylliem, a graduate of Computer Engineering from Pune and has worked with Infosys for a while, while Daniel Vincent Laitflang Stone, a graduate of St. .Anthony's College, Shillong.
Khliehriat, Nailar 29: Members of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPF) led by Bah Kyrshan Blah today met with the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills District. They demanded that the police department should deploy traffic police near the schools along the National Highway, such as Khliehriat Higher Secondary School and other schools along the National Highway. rud road so that it will be easier for children to cross the road and to avoid any accident.
So don't be afraid, the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Symbud are here,” said Prestone.
Speaking to media, Bah FB Chyne said that during the inspection of the river, some parts of the river have appeared to have collapsed. The Board (SBM) will take action to prevent the collapse of the dam along the river.
He said he had received suggestions from government departments such as the NEC on how to improve and develop the work related to SC/ST in the North East.
It is a popular food in Punjab and the United States.
Recently, there was an article in the newspapers of the Seng Bhalang which stated that school children should not wear short skirts above the knees, drink drugs, kiad or cigarettes.
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar on Tuesday requested the Government to set up Disability Centers in all districts of the State for the benefit of people with disabilities. member also.
On July 24, 2013, T.6 lakh was deposited into the Account No. 0015049021479- T.6 lakh in the name of another individual. On the 7th of November, 2013, T.20 lakh was deposited into the Account. 0015001014900, on 27th November, 2014, T.8 lakh was deposited in the account number 0087002226758, on 5th June, 2015, T.12 lakh was deposited in the same account number.
On the other hand, the leaders of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle said, “We on behalf of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle after receiving information from this woman regarding the insult to this woman. We as the organization have immediately helped to lodge a complaint with the Social Welfare One Stop Centre, in connection with this incident, we congratulate the One Stop Center for its responsibility on this matter. According to the allegation of the woman, Kobin has said that if you go to the court, Kobin has said that if you go to the court, I will not be afraid of the law or the court authorities and I will use my wealth to win you and he said you know whoever has wealth is the one who will win the case or the authorities of the law and he won and by saying, 'What have you done to me, when you are only a poor man?'
In the Rajya Sabha, Speaker UM Venkaiah Naidu has ordered 13 members of the AIADMK and Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) to leave the House. disrupt the meeting.
Sadly, the DTO said that the department has repeatedly asked the government to provide staff to the office but the government has refused to send staff to the department.
The decision was taken by the Congress General Secretary at the party office in Delhi.
The result of the PCR test was negative today and the mothers did not test positive for Covid-19, but the mothers had to follow the rules. ordered by the Ministry of Health.
“In 2016, we turned to the Speaker's seat to demand the discussion of the ILP but at that time, the Congress did not accept it,” he said.
Speaking to the participants, the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, said that the celebration of the National Voters Day is part of the celebration of the voters. of India as well as to educate the voters to exercise their rights.
Amlarem, July 31: The Aide-et-action today came to Amlarem to explain to the people about the ADB-GoMPproject which has been supported for the purpose of providing skills especially to those who have employment opportunities and also also for the improvement of education in those schools which are lagging behind.
“These smugglers have been ordered to stop immediately and at the same time they are strictly prohibited from coming to this market,” said Silas Ora.
The two Khasi graves on this hill are the graves of the parents of Streamlet who were buried together with their relatives. The mother of Streamlet is Billsibon Hynniewta. My father was Douglas N. Shadwell Laloo.
Those who attended the meeting included MACS Assistant Director of Care Support and Treatment, Iada Wriah, MSNP+ Co-Founder Agui Daimai, F.Wann, MCS, which is the EAC in East Jaintia Hills District.
“I am surprised to know how without full Gram Panchayats and through traditional village management customs every member of the household in the villages in Meghalaya contributes to the implementation of the schemes of the Central and State Governments.
He said that the FKJGP used to travel to the farmers around the country but when it is time to market their products they face many problems and it is on this basis that they came to meet the Minister. old.
On the 2nd of November, Mynthning SC will play against Narwan SC at 11.30 pm and Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC will play against Mulait United FC at 1.30 pm.
However, during the President's Rule, the people praised the Governor, RSMooshahary, every day, he visited the working of government offices in Shillong and the people were happy because they government employees had to serve the people well.
NHM Meghalaya Recruitment 2018- How to applyApplication complete with Bio-Data should reach the office of the Director of Health Services (MCH&FW), Upper New Colony, Health Complex, Laitumkhrah, Shillong-793003 on or before the 5th December 20180 up to 4. The envelope containing the application should be super scribed with the name of the post applied for.
The 18 wheeler truck was seized by the JHTOA members at the petrol pump in Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday evening.
The Unit was established with the aim of working hard to bring about a glorious victory for the MLA Comming One Ymbon.
This has increased the number of markets in the Khasi Hills.
Besides Ma Lammat-oo, Ma Soolangki D. Laloo was elected as the General Secretary, Ma Daiolang Pakma was elected as the General Secretary, Ma Daiolang Pakma was elected as the General Secretary. , Treasurer and Ma Chanmitre Shullai.
Speaking to media, Bah Disparsing said that the RTI request from the Superintendent of Police, Shillong was after receiving allegations that there was an increase in the number of employees who have joined later than those who have joined earlier, judging by the Seniority List and Merit List.
The aspiration of our country for independent governance and a bright future has already been expressed by this new Parliament.
Rev. Dominic Jala and Father Mathew Vellankal, who is in charge of St. Bonaventure, died in the accident. The accident occurred after receiving treatment.
In this age, people don't feel the need to respect others because they have become so rich in wealth and knowledge that they don't respect other people anymore.
This was announced by the General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah Rapiong L Blah.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkhrang, said that no incident has occurred in any part of the district and no one has been arrested.
The past will never return.
Conrad said the Government has already mapped about 15 km to 18 km throughout Shillong to connect the footpaths.
Similarly, when we turn to the border villages, we can't help but be surprised because the mother is very rich and even once every 5 years she doesn't turn her face to her children, even though the people have urged and warned her. However, she didn't believe until the shyiengkrung appeared outside just because of the actions of her mother until she couldn't go for treatment because according to the residents of the border village of War Jaintia from time to time they find it difficult to go. to come especially when the illness is severe and when the illness is severe to the place to reach the place in time to get proper treatment but only because the border roads have turned into a snowstorm. To find out the truth you can watch another video on the YouTube Channel “R5 Tv Channel” or on local media youtube channels and you can also visit them yourself. of their eyes to know righteousness and truth.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the House said that the dorbar tlang, which will also be the expiry of the term of the current MLA, should be held on or before November 12 this year.
“We have received complaints from the village authorities and residents that there are too many vendors along the roads in many places in the city and the lack of vendors has affected the traffic. “The parking lot of passengers and vehicles and especially the elderly and school children,” said the Deputy Commissioner in the order.
During the search of the vehicle in the presence of independent witnesses, 91 bags of marijuana were seized and the test confirmed that it was marijuana intended for smuggling.
“Then, we don't have to look for reasons, how will you do now that he has got a job?” asked the mother.
Shillong: A man has climbed onto the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong at 4:30 pm this evening.
Regarding the destruction of government schools which compared to cow farms is not equal;  On the other hand, the Minister promised that his department will do whatever is necessary to ensure that education and schools will be improved.
The JHADC chief also accused the Finance and Account Officer (FAO) of receiving RTI. “I have not given schemes to my family members.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that Self Help Groups (SHGs) are needed not only in terms of encouragement but also in terms of working with others. to help them escape poverty, but also to be empowering in society, income, cultural preservation and other areas.
Speaking to media, Mukul Sangma said that the land trucks had sold the land at T.45 per square feet while the Government had bought it at T.85/sqft. which leads to a difference of T.140.7 crore.
The border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya during the Raid Desh Demoreah was due to the British rule and in 1874 Assam was liberated from the rule of Bengal. There is no Commissioner to look after the administration of Khadar in Assam, they said.
There were about 250 participants, 180 women and 70 men.
They speak like fellow villagers and speak the Khasi Sohra language.
Paul said the Prime Minister and his Cabinet cannot look after and implement the aspirations of the people who have protested in the state including the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), besides the law and order situation in Garo Hills and the problems of teachers.
This Shad-ka-kmen is a memorial and offering of the Khun-Khasi Khara once a year to the Lord the Creator from above and below to maintain the rights and customs.
Electoral politics and party politics are over, but new political politics we hope will come for a better future, in which we cannot forget that Mylllung Soso Tham used to sing :The clear Himalayas, When will they be able to see it?Among the Persoh Persyntiew, The Rang and the Theibhabriew will walk;From Rilang to Kupli, All is our country.
“I don't have anything to say about it," he said.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 7,4
Illiterate villagers go to work to earn money to meet their needs but if it is in this way, this scheme which they say is successful is only in words, said the CSWO. The CSWO said that there has been a misuse of this scheme in which three persons from the same family who have 3 Job Cards of MNREGS in Pynter village including Kania Khongmawloh, a Tlidamai Nongrum's husband and Eliphiles Nongrum's son have been contracted to build a footpath in the village from 28th March 2013 to 3rd November 2013 with the code number 2102008011/RC/913 for 2013-2
Denying that Ampareen Lyngdoh will leave the party, Charles said, “In our meeting with the party, she (Ampareen) did not express her feelings to leave the party. I don't know what you're talking about.
However, it is more likely that there are also children who become 'khun kbeit Shapuloit' who threaten to beat their parents until the parents are afraid and threaten their children when they come home. .
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that 285 people from different parts of the North Eastern States have returned home. .
For example – within a hima – if a person from village A wants to become a resident of village B he must have proof that he has never had a bad mark in village A otherwise town B will not receive him.
It is often the case whether in the city or in the countryside that the story of a death is a story that involves hundreds and thousands of subjects.
In November 2010, MR Dr. Mukul Sangma visited MCCL and said that it is easy to renovate MCCL and suggested to appoint an Independent Evaluation Team (IET) at the factory to improve the quality of MCCL. MCCL and MCCL have applied for T.
U Shri Pradip Das; Preached by Shri John E.L.Pyngrope; Shri R.Nongrum; Mylliem and Shri Eddymonlang Nongkhlaw; Nongkrem and Shri Pliela Mawthoh; Sohiong and Shri Hosperly Kharmuti; Mawphlang of Shri Kral Rangslang; Mawsynram and Shri Hamles King; Shella and Shri Nightstarwell Syiem; Return to Shri Seiborlang Jaktung; Sohra and Shri Labourwell Nongrum; Shri Dlim Pyngrope's birthday; Mawryngkneng and Shri Riberious Kharumnuid; Mairang and Shri Rapeng Lawriniang; Mawthadraishan and Shri Sipling Kharkylliang; Shri Sparding of Rambrai.
Shillong: U Bah Hispreaching Son Shylla was buried at the cemetery of the Church in Shillong, Mawblei.
The SC had ordered the Government of India and the Government of Assam in 2013 not to implement the NRC immediately without delay.
We cannot deny the truth of our human nature that it is our natural right to love our work with order and beauty so that it will be equal and a blessing to other souls and fulfillment. the mission that each of us must fulfill.
“The issue of the Assam Accord is that the Indira-Mujib Treaty Pact was signed between these Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh which has not yet been incorporated into the Constitution of India.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has laid down guidelines for school authorities to ensure the weight of school bags and the completion of homework for Class 1 and
It is understood that leaders of anti-water groups, rights groups from different states of the North East will attend the rally as a sign of solidarity. Shillong, July 11: Police raided the office of IBSWO at 4:30 pm today, according to a statement by Bah GD Lakiang, President – ​​IBSWO. The Falcon Group of Companies, located at Upland Road, Laitum, has been arrested after receiving information that the company has been collecting money without proper documents.
“It is up to the people to judge,” said Bah Kennedy and added that the victory or defeat depends on the decision of the people to judge what he has done and also Bah SK Sun, who At the same time, Bah Kennedy said that most of the time when the people come to the meeting they do not come to win but to destroy because you cannot know their inner spirit. .
Choirs from Nongpyndeng Church, Sohiong, Synod Standing Choir and Laitryngew Church also performed.
Dr Mukul Sangma has been appointed Prime Minister for three months.
The hours and seconds km have not changed.
On the other hand, Bah Zacheus Tympuiñ, Chairman of Nongrwe Diary Co-operative Society Ltd, said that in connection with this incident, he will lodge a complaint with the relevant department. This is the incident.
In terms of health, there is only one PHC in Rambrai and only a few Sub-Centres and if they get sick, they have to go to Nongstoin and Shillong.
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, at Congress Bhavan, said that the party is concerned about the welfare of the people and also about the future of the youth of the state.
Shillong: The number of people living with HIV and AIDS in the state has reached 5,000, according to the data of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment.
Ronaldinho, 39, retired from football in 2015. Thirty-four people have been killed in Afghanistan today when a bus collided with them. the bomb, which he placed on the side of the road, according to the report.
Not only that, the award of the Women Commission for the Best Diocese in India was also presented to the Diocese of Nongstoin.
They beat Niaw Wasa 1-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Inside the Dorbar Hall there is the throne of the President.
This is after the Council has started implementing a plastic ban from Iewduh, Shillong followed by Sohra, which is a step taken by the Council to protect the environment from the impact of plastic.
For us, the government, that is impossible.
He said that he will write to the GSI on this matter and if the report of the investigation is submitted to the government and not to the Council, he has no intention of issuing the NOC. The KHADC shall be responsible for the Council's decision.
Meanwhile, in another raid, Nongalbibra Police Station, Nawak village, arrested Herod R Marak, 32, who has recently joined the GNLA. Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 1: A 3 month old child, the daughter of Jup L.Nonglait and Bah Nek Wahlang, has died in a tragic incident. The incident occurred this morning at Nongbrei Nongdom village in South West Khasi Hills District.
However, the UDP does not say that it is the party of Bah Bring or Bah EK Mawlong or the party of Dr. Donkupar or the party of Bah Metbah, because the UDP is the party of the people and supporters of the party.
Although the government has recently increased the price of petrol and diesel in the state, the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners & Drivers Association , they expressed their dissatisfaction and urged the state government to increase the price of diesel and petrol.
Because the rivers, which are the springs of water, have destroyed the forests.
“We tried to understand the problems they faced.
“If these ministers don't agree, what can the NPP do but because they don't express any opposition to these ethnic parties who blame Bah Adelbert for coming up with this roster system and that's why we need to change. “We have included it in the election manifesto to be reviewed and amended into a law and not just an office memorandum,” he said.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah HK Thabah, announced the office of the District Commerce and Industries Nongstoiñ, which has organized this exhibition this year, as well as in the past years, because it is an opportunity for local entrepreneurs to sell and promote their products.
However, this statement can also be missed in some cases.
The short meeting was conducted by Ma Shaniahskhem Dkhar and welcome speech was delivered by Ma Seiros Dkhar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Women taxi drivers are rarely seen in Shillong, but according to the Public Information Act, Disparsing Rani has received from the office of the DTO and Secretary, Regional Transport Authority, East Khasi Hills. There are 40 permits issued by the department to women in the district, which means that there are 40 women taxi drivers in Shillong.
Such activities are still taking place even in places that are considered sacred and spiritual as well as in places inhabited by educated and enlightened people, especially in places that are considered sacred and spiritual. the intellect of the people is not yet reached and those who are still living in the darkness of life.
The poverty of our residents has been affected by the lack of rainfall, the heat water, the water shortage, the increase in diseases and others.
However, in the elections to be held next year in 2023, if the AITC office bearers work hard, it will be difficult for the incumbent MLA.
From this amount, about 80 quintals of rice will be purchased and distributed to the people of these districts.
“We have already requested them to hold any meeting, as they wish, as part of the commemoration of the death anniversary of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, but they are to maintain peace and order in the community, because we don't want it to happen again like in the past”.
The information was collected by the Punjab Chief Minister last month and other surveys were conducted from the most affected areas in the city.
The Director of Horticulture, Kong S Nongbet, in her speech, congratulated the District Horticulture Officer for being able to conduct this exhibition despite the pandemic and the traffic jam of various unions.
While the leaders of the union were checking the documents of Shyam Century Ferrous Limited, they found that besides the employees of the company, they did not have proper documents. within 14 years of employment by the company, which is also against the law.
The judges also ordered that the Sikkim government should do the same and provide them with adequate accommodation and warned the officers to prepare for trial if they are against the court. , if they do not issue a decree on their request.
Jowai, Naiwieng 13: The residents of Bakur Dorbar Shnong Amlarem Sub-Division West Jaintia Hills District, one of the villages near the border with Bangladesh on Saturday gathered together and gave a speech for 10 days. The Dolloi of Nongtalang Elaka has decided to convene a full Dorbar to elect Waheh Shnong.
The order also prohibits the use of sound drums without proper permission.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chairman of the Union, Bah Edilbert Iawphniaw, said that the problems have not only arisen in Mawsaw and Nongbah Rangblang, but all over the villages of Mawsaw and Nongbah Rangblang. Hima and urged the Syiem not to make a place for the children of the thousands of the Hima Nobosohphoh.
Speaking to media, Bah Herlambok War, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Iewrynghep, said, “We strongly condemn the incident on the 13th of this month where one of the residents of Mawlai Iewrynghep lose your precious life"
However, as soon as they were arrested, these land dealers went to the KHADC office after the Syiem of Mylliem Hima denied knowing anything about the arrest and refused to complain, although they used to pay T. daily.
“I don't know if there will be any problem or dispute over the land for the Mawlai Block,” he said.
On the other hand, the SP of EJH, Bah S Thamar said that police are conducting investigation into the incident and the search for the robbers is ongoing.
Khliehmawlieh is a new team and has never played well in a group game in
For the first time, the district authorities have opened and installed three Astronomy Labs in three schools in the district.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam confirmed that the NPP has elected the most beautiful candidate and the most suitable woman for the election and urged the people to know who to base. I'm going to Delhi.
The President of India has inaugurated the celebration of the third Audit Diwas across the country on 16th November 2023 at the CAG of India office, New Delhi.
According to Conrad, many Congress MLAs have found it difficult to cooperate with Dr Mukul Sangma because of his loneliness.
Many people have asked what the party will do, why don't you do it in Kharmetor, there are enemies who still criticize why you don't do it in public places.
FIFA's order comes after the Supreme Court of India has directed the AIFF Executive Committee to hold an immediate election of new AIFF office bearers. The Committee of Administrators of the AIFF has filed a complaint against Praful Patel, former AIFF leader, for misusing the activities of the party. .
I started singing when I was 7 years old, I started playing at the age of 12, so my beginning was from the churches as well, first of all it was from the church, “I practice at home, at school and in some of the competitions I have already participated in,” replied Kong Kyntiewlin. there are, I think our friends who used to be very fond of listening to your music, they knew you well and not only friends, but in the state as a whole, they knew you well that you were paw well, have you ever thought about becoming that young woman who will appear in the state, with your songs, have you ever thought about these?', 'yes all these then I believe it is the leadership I don't think I'll be able to sing with other singers, I don't think I'll be able to sing with other singers, but I thank you. God bless you all,' replied Kyntiewlin.
The Chief Minister said that the remaining money with NTPC is not new, the government has paid T.100 crore and the remaining T.400 crore will be paid once the money is received from the NTPC. Rural Electrification Corporation.
On the other hand, the SP of West Garo Hills, VS Rathore, has praised the thorough investigation of these women officers and also the public prosecutors for being a good Samaritan to help the police to prosecute these robbers.
This includes the reading of meters by Meter Readers and the preparation of bills by the MeECL office. to the monthly bills.
The first son is Cristiano Jr.
When a person confesses one or two sins without hiding them, God sees that he is pleased.
Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang won two gold medals in the 60 kg Kumite (Fight Event) and one in the Kata (Form Event).
While praising the ECI's efforts to get closer to the voters, he urged the youth to take part in the elections to show their decisions and make their voices heard.
For example, if they had a property in Switzerland, we didn't have a provision in our law that they could confiscate them, but now we have a provision.
The two-day Karbi program was inaugurated by Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh Constituency as the chief guest. RR Ronghang President of AMKA and many others.
In this election, there are 67 polling stations or polling stations guarded only by women police and 60 Model Polling Stations or polling stations which have been provided with special facilities. depositor.
“Mukroh, which has about 600 households, does not have a secondary school and they have to go to Jowai, Shillong or Barato,” said Nujorki.
Makrisha Songthiang scored seven goals in the 3rd and 47th minutes, Napaleroiki Lytan in the 29th minute, A. Skhemiew scored in the 31st minute, Charlinda Nongtdu in the 66th minute, Ideibanri Kharkrang in the 68th minute and Baiahun L.Nongbri in the 68th minute. scored the goals in the 70th minute.
Today, Netanyahu warned that Israel is now in a state of war.
The source said that trade within the state may start from the border area of ​​Baghmara, South Garo Hills (SGH), followed by Rongara which was annexed a few days later.
Shillong: U BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has recalled the speech of Dr Donkupar Roy during his sitting in the Legislative Assembly last term.
He said that the government's termination of the MRDS is that the IFAD project has ended but it does not mean that once the IFAD project has ended, the government will leave the SHGs alone but it is up to the government. “SHGs should not just wait for assistance from the government, but once they have received education, they should stand on their own feet”. , he said.
Education is the power to empower people.
On the other hand, JARF Chairman Helping Phawa said that JARF leaders will take part in an orientation program organized by the Directorate of Mineral Resources, Meghalaya. on the 17th of June 2020 in Khliehria.
Telling of Mawjrong was named top scorer, Rickstar of Mawjrong was named best goalkeeper while Ariferius Nongrum of Krohiawhiar Football Club was named best goalkeeper.
The closure of beef shops will start from Thursday and will be completely closed across Ri Khasi Jaintia. 250, but counting all of them and their employees, those who will be affected or lost by the closure of meat shops, will exceed 10,0
In the forests of this area, you can find wild animals and birds, such as the Ser, Skei, Skei, Bthong, Rynjang, Squirrel, Squirrel, Squirrel, Squirrel. Pshat, the Hulu, the Iapwiang, the Ksawkhyndaw, the Raikyrtong, the Raiphlang, the Krung, the Shri, the Shri, the Shri, the Shri. The Syrian, the Ksar, the Iangkhit, the Brai, the Phyllat, the Paidong, the Risang, the Bsong, the Piahlang, the Khan-lieh, the Khan-iong, the Nilein, the Tantur and other species of animals. forest.
After the formation of the MDA-2 government, many people think that the competition and struggle is over, because the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, BJP candidates in Sohiong have become colder, because that they have worked together once again from 2018 to
In another incident, the houses of Bah Alvin Sawkmie, NPP candidate from Mawsynram, who lost the contest against UDP candidate, Bah Ollan Singh Suin, were attacked by armed men. The meeting was held at Cleve Colony at 8:30 pm.
How do you give the same news... We don't have the same news every day.
Shillong, July 21 : The District Inter School Subroto Cup of the DSO of East Jaintia Hills District has started on Tuesday (21-06-2022) across the sports grounds in the district.
The Moopyniein Social and Cultural Sports Organization (MSCSO) has held a cleanliness drive in Moopyniein, Wapungskur and a friendly football match between the BDO Khliehriat office and the MSCSO on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti or Mahatma Gandhi's birthday on Saturday.
The closure of the office is after the department has not been able to promote the employees of the office who have served for decades, but have been treated as casual. Labor until today.
At this camp, there will be a Covid-19 vaccination campaign for the residents who have reached the age of 15 years and above to register their names on the list of employees through the employees' union. e-Shram, registration for Aaadhar card and linking of Adhar cards for Ration Card holders.
The KSU also said that the garbage from the household wells was found to be dumped directly into the river and the garbage was spread without respecting the environment.
The reason why the PSI has conducted this training is because many villages in the sharing area of ​​the Himalayas, especially the states in the North East, rely on water supply. drinking water from streams and rivers rather than large rivers in the states in the form of ponds or wells and the dramatic changes in the climate from time to time due to low rainfall have affected them to get water. There is no drinking water sufficient for the cleanliness of the streams or rivers.
Noting that the Government has done several works for the people with disabilities such as the CM scheme, Unemployment Allowance, food and others, on the other hand, he said that these are old and existing schemes from the past.
After the robbers fled the scene, police searched the vehicle and arrested a youth from Umsning identified as Shemborlang Ryntathiang.
The distribution was done in the presence of teachers, Rangbah Shnong and neighboring villages.
The information dissemination has been successful in that many children have received training and information on the rights and laws such as the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC) POCSO) Act 2012 and the Juvenile Justice (JJA) Act
Bah SK Kylla, Rangbah Shnong of Patarim, said that the presence of these barricades, which were erected by the Ri Bhoi Police, has protected the residents and visitors from the area. They don't work from one side to the other, from Patarim to Umsning, but only because of the presence of robbers, who have destroyed and taken away these Naka, has caused loss and danger to the tourists.
The Government today decided to release the four month salary first and for six months the Government will release, once it has received it, from the Central Government the 1st installment. added.
and from David until the carrying away into Babylon unto the birth of Jesus Christ are fourteen generations.
Shillong: Out of the 128 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 72 cases have been confirmed, 7 cases from the Armed Forces, 4 cases from health workers and 27 cases from the state. One case is from ILI, 2 cases from outside, 2 cases from SARI, one from Bishnapur cluster, 9 cases from Lummawbah cluster, one from Mawlai Mawroh cluster, one from Mawprem cluster and one from Pynthorbah. cluster and 16 persons from Qualapatty cluster.
All three goals came in the first half, Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 33rd minute and Figo Syndai. Sajib Mondal scored the first goal for United SC in the 45'+2 minute.
This road is also a by-pass road used by the people during traffic jam on the NH-4
David Scott and the British Government wanted to build a road from northern Assam (Surma Valley) to northern Bangladesh in Sylhet Valley.
Both the matches will be broadcast live on the Youtube channel of the Meghalaya State League (youtube.com/@meghalayastateleague).
“The photo of Benjamin Basumatary which has been spreading widely on social media, we would like to clarify that Basumatary has nothing to do with the UPPL party and has been expelled from the party on 10th July ".
It was seen that there were many civil society organizations and civil society groups who attended the meeting to protest against the company's plan to expand its operations. They are UHM, KSU, JSM, HYC, HNYF and others.
The government may consider extending the term of office of the ADCs after the setting up of the Delimitation Commission to review the division of the constituencies of the ADCs.
Reports from around the villages said that the criminals have started robbing houses during the power outages especially at midnight when people are asleep.
Many patients face difficulties because the road is not a halfway stop.
Out of these, 78 participants took part in the sub junior category, 115 in the junior category and 198 in the senior category.
The Youth Congress members, who joined the NPP, were welcomed by Bah Macmillan Byrsat, Leader of Nongstoin Constituency and President of the NPP Nongstoin Block. in the presence of members and leaders of the NPP Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The employees of the Meghalaya Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) may stage a strike if the government does not release their 10 month salary.
On the other hand, the court has allowed the government to prepare the mechanisms how to mine coal according to the law in the state and not to mine illegally and this illegal mining should be stopped immediately.
The village also thanks the Volunteers for their hard work in the fight against COVID-1
He should send a legal notice to the Prime Minister,” he said.
The meeting was attended by the head of the Gurudwara in Delhi and those in the state.
Speaking to media, Hek said that after receiving the allocation of places for MBBS students; The next day, a letter was received from Jharkhand, in which two seats had been removed for two children from Garo.
The tournament was opened on the 8th October 2021 at 11 am by Bah Teiborlang Pathaw MDC Mawlai Constituency, who is also the EM I/C. , who was the chief guest in the presence of Samla Wallamkupar Kharpran, Managing Director Ryntih Football Club who was the Chief Guest.
“As this is an urgent matter, this order will come into force immediately in all the areas mentioned here until further notice,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
Therefore, the village through this statement warns that if anyone is found fighting against the village, the village will investigate and punish them according to the village law.
Furthermore, the residents of Dong Neng Gate, expressed their gratitude to the police and especially to Bah Ian Swer SDPO, who was quick to investigate the incident. The area and this police officer who is a thief, a thief, a thief, a drunkard and a bloodthirsty man, without a smile on his face.
The incident was reported to the police after Prokit died and his colleagues said that he was injured when he fell from the roof of the hotel.
When asked whether he too has been offered to join other political parties, he said, “We are firmly established and we will not be swept away by the power of money because we are here. to serve the people and to provide a brighter future for the youth and future generations.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) comprising the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Hills State Leaders People Democratic Party (HSPDP) and the People Democratic Alliance (PDA) comprising the NPP, PDF and MDCs have been elected. They formed the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in KHADC to lead the Executive Committee (EC).
There were also those who said that Bah Denis Mukhim, is one of the most prominent leaders and at the same time, he was one of the leaders of the UDP in Mawhati, although he is a human being. Therefore, the party leaders from Mawhati Area together with the party supporters, have urged the UDP leaders to give the ticket to Bah Bah Denis Mukhim and If they don't vote for him, it means that the UDP will win from Mawhati, but if they don't vote for him, it means that the answer will be in
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today decided to close down the house of Santina Kharkongor in Madanrting due to the presence of new cases of covid-1 , Block F, Shillong and the house of Rajen Singh, Rajesh Singh, Baldip Singh and Kalwinder Kaur at Garoline, Laitumkhrah.
Kejriwal arrived at the party headquarters at 11 am in the SUV he used to drive for his office work.
Before the opening, one of the oldest employees of U Peitngor, a daily newspaper, Bah Gershom Hat said that they have opened such a website in the past years, but for many reasons they could not continue.
At present, Assam has 6,815 cases undergoing treatment in the state and 12,888 cases have been discharged from various hospitals.
The Minister said that it is time for new entrepreneurs to start their own businesses through this variety which is rare in the state.
The biggest threat is through the markets and markets on the borders with Bangladesh and Assam.
The day concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various traditional dances and LED Bulbs to the beneficiaries under the Saubhagya scheme.
Speaking as the chief guest, he expressed his pleasure to take part in this celebration of the College, especially to take part in passing on the ideas to the students who are the future of the country as a whole.
Therefore, the union has strongly warned these people to stop the smuggling immediately otherwise the union will not be able to conduct the shrip in the border areas.
Isaia Dkhar (14') scored the first goal for Narwan. Latyrke won the match by scoring the most goals and reached the semifinals.
Mairang, Jymmang 2: As part of the protection of fish and rivers and for the safety of the residents, the District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has issued an order under section 144 of the Act. The CrPC has banned the sale of all kinds of drugs in Wahkhri district.
“If the government intends to send another DC in place of Bah Kharmalki, the protest will end,” said the seven parties.
Furthermore, some of them said that they have been standing in line for four times but without a sati.
Other players who represented the country played well, but did not win.
Other officials who attended the swearing-in ceremony included Chief Secretary JK Sinha, DGP Amitabha Ranjan, Additional Director General of Police Saurabh Tripathi and others.
The Minister also stressed on the important role of sports in preventing the youth from avoiding drugs and other alcoholic beverages.
Vikram is said to have traveled at a distance of 2.1 km from what ISRO should have traveled and the investigation is ongoing, said ISRO chief K Sivan.
The BJP has nominated candidates in all seven constituencies in the mid-term elections.
John F Kharshiing also urged the Meghalaya government to send SMS messages to mobile phones during the curfew as the MBOSE examination of Class X and XII will be held this month. Many parents of school children have not yet understood the notification regarding the curfew.
It was a wonderful day in the Meghalaya State League 2023, where all four matches that were played on this day had their own stories.
Besides, these elders and leaders of the village, said that what has been done by the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, who has forcibly confirmed Bah Tinkle Buhphang, to continue as the leader of the village. inside the village, claiming that the new Rangbah Shnong cannot be elected, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has been very wrong and unacceptable in the villages.
“Police found that he was inside the house and in the presence of police from Khliehriat and the Rangbah Shnong of Dkhiah West, they searched for Tala to enter the house,” said the source. message.
The Vice Chancellor of MIT University Shillong, Dr. Malhar Pangrikar, spoke on the needs of this department at the present time and also included the environmental protection and how to maintain it.
