It also sent a letter to the MSBA to vacate its office at Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium through a letter N0
Negotiations must be conducted by road and public safety must be paramount for all," concluded a statement from the party.
The Minister said that it is necessary to open up other income generation opportunities for the residents who earn their living by working in the parks near the water wells.
We are the ones who fight, we have to prepare,” agreed Kynsai.
He said that they also wanted to accuse him of being involved in prostitution.
As we know, Lum Shyllong is the highest mountain in the country of the Forty Kings and Khatar Doloi.
Thus, from generation to generation, this group of people known as the Khasi, have identified themselves according to the customs that they have used and respected for thousands of years.
Ronald Kydon Lyngdoh Nonglait of Shillong Lajong and Lamgoulen Hangshing of Churchill Brothers were sent red cards in the 68th minute. these two groups were reduced to 10 persons.
It is not wrong to win or be elected as leaders of the people, but the sad thing is that there are those among them who do not even hesitate to misuse the power that the people have given them, especially when There are those who believe that the power they receive is something they can buy at the price of money.
The second prize went to Khampher Mawlong from Mawmaram with a cash prize of T.15,000 while the third prize went to Ïamonlang Wahlang from Mawmai, Sohra with a cash prize of T. thousand dollars.
The tax collector prayed, “Oh God, have mercy on me, a sinner,” and laid his hand on the ground.
Therefore, he said that the district authorities when issuing permits should ensure that the safety should not only be inside the khwai area but outside the pedestrian as well.
The 76th Men's National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy lost 2-0 to Services in the final round of the Santosh Trophy. today in Bhutan.
The Marten garbage dump is the only garbage dump in the city which the Shillong Municipal Board has started since
He is truly passionate about the development of the State.
March 6.
Other dewbilat factories are owned by private companies or Dkhar companies, especially those in Jaintia Hills and one in Garo Hills.
Atta will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at the price of T.10.50/- per kilo.
Shillong, July 2: The hearing of the Circuit Bench of the NGT Eastern Zone Bench (PB) will be held on July 9, 2014, according to a statement issued by the Chairman of the National Green Tribunal (NGT). published on 30th January 2014.
The destruction of the Mawpud comes from a grateful heart that deceives and plunders the property of others.
One of the issues that we have to clarify and that the Meghalaya government should clarify is whether the education policy of the state is dead or will continue to work through the new policy of the government of India. the prime minister, did not clearly define this important issue.
The UDP has received him on 8th June 2016, said Bah Balom Mawlong, Working President.
The meeting was attended by MLAs Jemino Mawthoh, Titosswell Chyne, Embhahlang Syiemlieh, MDCs Teinwell Dkhar, Hadrian Lyngdoh and party office bearers.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on Tuesday held a meeting to introduce its candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Bah Robertjune Kharjarin. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, u Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the MP election from the RDA will not be based on the pleasure of the song. but shall be on the basis of the issues which the State wishes to convey to the Dorbar Bah of Parliament.
The annual Shad Sukra of the Seiñraij Jowai, organized by the Arts & Culture Committee of the Seiñraij Jowai for two days, which started on Saturday with drama performances, ended on Sunday. The theme is “Chaniah Tylli, you are the one who gave birth to the one who gave birth to you on earth”.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation, Mawhati Circle has expressed its deep surprise and sorrow after finding that the Forest Department has handed over a forest at Mawkynrong village in Mawhati area to Dhar Company. The company has planted more than 8,000 trees.
He said that others had tubeless tires while he was driving with tubes, which cost about 1.20 lakh tyngka while others had between 5 and 6 lakh tyngka.
Jeremiah 36:19–20.
The cleanliness drive was held as part of the Chief Minister 's Youth Run for Green Campaign Movement . Before the cleanliness drive , a short meeting was held at Motphran Minister KL Langstieh, Minister Incharge, Market and welcome speeches were delivered by Minister M Kharlukhi, Minister Incharge, Law and Sanitation.
He said that when there were serious allegations against James Sangma as Minister of Home Affairs regarding the smuggling of coal, it was the UDP that informed the Chief Minister. , Conrad K Sangma and thus transferred departments.
Many people complain that the food these days is no longer safe and healthy because there are too many chemicals from vegetables, meat, fruits, even oil and others. food that has been packed in bags and other things.
One of the parents who came to look for his son at the examination centre, said that he should have prepared properly for the examination, because from 1 o'clock he went out to write the examination but until dum um pat shym reached the faithful.
The first complaint was lodged with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills in November after a group of Karbi accompanied by the Assam Police damaged thousands of trees. in Tahpat through the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA).
At the same time, the Sengkhihlang invites the Presidents/Secretaries of various departments of the Khasi and Seiñ Raij to attend this meeting.
Shillong: Why can't the state government take precautionary measures when they don't know that there will be a bomb blast, said Bah M Rapsang (Congress) in the State Legislative Assembly today.
They handed over their resignation letters to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today.
KAM has outlined 15 issues and themes that are most important for the revival of democracy and building a prosperous Meghalaya:Rynsan KAM calls upon all citizens to They have the right to fight for the complete abolition of the political system which is run by only one or two families and supported by the wealthy and selfish politicians.
The implementation of four projects including the Integrated Command and Control Center (ICCC) has been going smoothly in Shillong and there are 17 projects under the Smart City.
I would like to conclude with the words from Father Stan's book, I Am Not A Silent Spectator: їapher, do you have the right to be far away? Righteousness and truth are precious to those in power and honor, differences of opinion are not pleasant to some of the rich in power and justice is far from the poor. , the weak and the oppressed.
He said that once he wins by working with his fellow MLAs from the party, he will fight to return Khnam to the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
With this victory, Rangdajied have earned 13 points to lead the group and three points more than Ladthadlaboh.
He said that it is more common to hear of accidents in Pynursla area than in other places and he said that not only in the driving field that the drivers in Pynursla area are skilled but they are also skilled in driving. “You can see that the vehicles that earn Pynursla are clean vehicles,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
However, this idea of ​​a new Heaven and Earth was widespread among the Hebrew people as well as in New Testament times.
While Karnataka is fighting against the coronavirus, 3,000 cases have been reported in Bengaluru in recent days.
The training was led by the Incident Commander (IC), BDO of Umsning, Raja Brahma, and the training was conducted according to the instructions. Incident Response System (IRS) and the training was successful with the participation of government employees and officers from various departments including PHE, PWD, DPRO, Health, Veterinary, Police, Fire. & Emergency Services, SDRF, NDRF, Dorbar Shnong of Lum Roman Village, and students of Balawan College Umsning.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, after opening the meeting, said that the delay in implementing the bill is due to the fact that it requires many central government departments to consider and study it thoroughly. Now, the government will go to one department, the Coal Ministry, to look into the matter so that it can be expedited.
They were also charged under Sections 420 (Cheating), 467 (Forgery of Valuable Security), 468 (Forgery for the Purpose of Cheating), 471 and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC. Manipur Police have arrested four members of the IPC in the past 36 hours. 2 armed groups in the state.
The employment quota in the state is divided between Khasi, Jaintia and Garo at 40 to 40 and this has been implemented since
The date for the counting of votes will be July 4,
Although the game was very strong, Rangdajied took a 2-0 lead by the end of the first half.
Seinbhalang Shkentalang won the cash prize of 60,000 tyngka and the runner-up Amlarem Social Club received a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka and a trophy.
Nevertheless he said, I will save Syria for the glory of the children of Israel in the latter days, saith the LORD of hosts.
Exodus 12:40 / Exodus 13:18.
Eating good and healthy food brings benefits and provides health, but eating bad food often causes problems for individuals and it is often found that the cause of The disease is caused by the consumption of foods that affect the health of the body.
“These people are selfish without thinking about the nation,” said Bah Kharbani. He said that the Union of Drivers has demanded the immediate release of the HANM members who have been arrested. catch.
These households include those with disabilities, the sick, orphans and others.
If this happens, the scribes and Pharisees will lose their jobs as teachers of the Jewish nation and this will affect them and they will lose their prosperity and prestige in society by taking advantage of the persecution. the wisdom and unity of the people.
This ensures that the employees of the District Court cannot be transferred from one place to another.
On this occasion, he demanded that the MDA Government should not allow the Assam Government to come and rob the people of the State and especially the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The meeting was conducted by John Paul Hahshah, Sordar of Nonghyllam Village and Christopher Hahshah welcomed the guests.
Mylliem's ​​1st goal was enough for the team to win the match as they couldn't turn the goal around with a solid target until the end of the match.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2 : The Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the CID led by DIG Eastern Range Davis Marak today arrested former Assistant Inspector General (AIG) Administration (A) and now Commandant SF. -10 u Bah GK Iangrai on charges of misuse of funds for the construction of the NERS PSAP at Sadar PS Complex.
Jowai, Lber 04: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has once again visited the NPP camp in West Jaintia Hills to campaign for the Lok Sabha elections. in Musiang Island and later in Ladthalaboh.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong also urged the MS of Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong not to spread the nuit around the hospital and urged the staff of the hospital to be The Waheh Shnong said that it is a blessing to the people of the area that there are 2 hospitals in the district, MCH and JCH. The Waheh Shnong said that if the hospital cannot work properly, the Waheh Shnong and the Seng will close down the hospital. go to this hospital.
On the other hand, Ms Agnes said that she will monitor the matter to protect the rights of the poor.
Meanwhile, Aastha Ratti has received the OP Jindal Scholarship while studying PGP-2023-2
The recovered remains were sent to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong for medical examination.
This First Edition is now available as an eBook and can be downloaded/printed free of charge and Due to the covid19 pandemic, it will not be long before you can get this book as a hardcopy.
The letter was signed by both MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai and Dr M Chuba Ao, National Vice President. the BJP and the BJP leader in Meghalaya.
The district authorities also conducted an awareness campaign among the people on the need to maintain peace and order for the smooth conduct of the elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
In relation to the State; The KHADC has not invited the residents of the square and the KHADC will not be able to do so, as this falls under the jurisdiction of the state government, according to the laws of the government.
This was announced after a video conference on Friday.
In fact, the UDP of this constituency, had held a meeting on Saturday, to discuss the ticket, but it found it difficult to take a decision because of the stronger players.
Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, said that this day is the day of victory for the college as a whole because they have the cooperation to think and deliver to the students. two buses to facilitate their daily travel.
They both came from Delhi.
The general secretary of the party, Robert June Kharjahrin, said that the police had released the members after signing the agreement although they had not lodged a complaint.
Manipur, which has been strong, has allowed Meghalaya to tie.
(Ref – Drama of the Ages by William Henry Branson).
The two MLAs resigned as members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today.
Mawkynrew MDC Bah Martle Mukhim, also expressed his concern over the low revenue share of the Council from the State Government which is only 25% and suggested to the new EC to urge the Government to increase to 35%.
Shillong, June 02: Police of Sohra Police Station today conducted a heavy search operation in the area.
The Minister said that the supervision of these two states has helped a lot to resolve the conflict.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Garo People (FKJGP) today expressed their support for the Symbud Chief Minister's Office. The Meghalaya Government has decided to relocate the PWD office from Jowai to Shnagpung.
She said that she had just been to the gym for three days but Raju Barua called her to his office and ordered her to change her oil as it would help to cleanse her body.
Roy urged the people to work together to find these 39 percent so that we can help them to learn to read and write.
IAS explained various initiatives from the Central Government and implemented by government departments of various offices, Ayushman Bharat Scheme, PMMVY, MGNREGA, PMAY-G, PM-KISAN , Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Poshan Abhiyan, National Food Security Act (NFSA), PMGKAY, Mid Day Meal (Rice) scheme and Swachh Bharat Mission-Gramin.
Deputy Commissioner of EWKHD, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej, Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr.A Laloo, DSP, Bah H.K. Kharkongor, the Sordar of Mawsawa, Bah L.Mawlong, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, the residents of the area and others.
“On the other hand, former Rangkasona MLA and TMC leader Zenith Sangma said they have expressed to the government the need to create more job opportunities. it is said that these problems started because of unemployment.
This is a selfish act because he has sold his power to think about what he should do and what he should not do.
At present, the State has only 25 NIOS Study Centers covering five districts – East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi, East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills. .
The program was also attended by the Premier League and the British Council to promote football.
The emergence of Sengbhalang in Jaintia Hills has been like the emergence of wild tits only after rainfall and this emergence of these Sengbhalang has not benefited the society, but has become a source of income. that paradox for blood.
He said that since 2015 he has been working closely with Laitkseh Village for the development of youth in sports.
“I just came here to the village square,” he said.
At the same time, he urged to ensure that the waste should not be allowed to flow into the river and also the construction of the Faecal Sludge and Septage Management Treatment Plant. There should be no septic tanks.
Speaking to media, the JAC and Seng Bhalang leaders said that they strongly oppose the proposal to relocate the office of the BDO Umsning. Umsning, has done a lot of work on the relocation of the BDO's office and alleged that there is something behind the relocation of the BDO's office. The BDO has said that the land has been crowded and the office should be relocated and this cannot be the case. How can the land at Lumumpih be only 2 acres in size? It has up to 10 acres and this shows that if the office is relocated, it will have something behind it.
Because the party does not want to see such incidents happen again to the border residents.
L.Rynjah – body zoo gym, 3rd Kitbok Shangpliang – genfit gym, 4th Lucky Man Kynjing – fitness first gym, 5th Amos dkhar – Bodymass and Fitness Gym Jowai.
According to the Ministry of Home Affairs, there have been 791 incidents of insurgent activity including 626 incidents of clashes between insurgents and troops in Jammu & Kashmir. from 2018 to May 31, 2023.
Scientists have been diagnosed with cancer and other defects in the body. This is Hilarioustip.
The Prime Minister said the Government of India will take the recommendations of the Prime Ministers, as discussed on Tuesday, for the 4.0 curfew.
NONGSTOIN: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of an artificial turf ground at Riangdo, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division of WKHD. The government has allocated more than Rs 9 crore which is expected to be completed within 18 months.
But the problem for him now is how about his beloved son.
"“At this important meeting, I would like to tell all those present here especially the school children who attended that as citizens of the state, we should know what Tirot Singh has done, His characteristics, his beliefs, his patriotism and his courage and this day will be in vain if the people do not know and remember these characteristics that Tirot Singh who he always has," the Prime Minister said.
She said that the complaint has been lodged because of the inability of the Government to provide timely explanations, but with regret, today she has invited the people of South West Khasi Hills District to explain and it has been a real pleasure for them as they want.
Bernard said that the state government should not act like the successful gangs and said that the corruption that is happening in the state these days has raised doubts about the party. BJP, to cooperate with the NPP government. We regret that if this happens, the MLAs/ministers of the state will commit illegal acts and this will bring shame to the state.
Excessive concern for anything that affects one's life is a bad habit.
They also said that the arrival of the authorities in the state has made us poor.
The winners of the final will receive a cash prize of T.10,000, the runner-up T.5,000 and the third prize T.3,0 '.
On the other hand, we see that our troops (India) who are in the North-East, because most of them are not from the North-East, they don't have that. the spirit of love for us the people as our own.
Nongpoh: On the day of the arrival of the Congress MLAs and MDCs at Iongkhuli, there was a heated clash between the Congress MLAs from Ri Bhoi and the Assam Police. Assam Police have destroyed electricity posts in Iongkhuli.
I remember in those years of intense protests and curfew, our jhur farmers who were supposed to harvest lost all their ploiñ because they were rotten.
This is the first season that Mawlai have been able to participate in the MSL and they have shown their skills in the way they play by winning all five matches in Group-A. Lajong, who came second in Group-B 2019, will face Lajong (who came first in Group-B). -C even if there is one more game left on Tuesday).
The KSA has called for a road blockade on the grounds of Nagaland's illegal occupation of land in the Karbi Anglong area.
Shillong, June 28: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) has decided to expel its leader AK Gashnga, who has been suspended from his post. The HNPM has taken this decision on the 28th of this month at 11 am.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday slammed the protests against the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday. holy and sacred, and not set apart for one day or Sunday.
After 4 days of search, the body of Municipal employees, SRDF Police and garbage collectors together with the family members, on Tuesday, 6th June 2024, have found the body of Marshall said that the niut was also injured.
Speaking to Rupang, Evangelyne Syiem, sister of Wanbok Syiem, said that the accident case of her brother has been completed and there is no one to help. her.
She won the medal in the Long Jump, after reaching 4.32 metres.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary said that she has directed the engineers and doctors in charge of the site to investigate the shortcomings. the bag was commanded.
In the third minute, Di Maria's ball reached Alvarez who struck the ball, but French goalkeeper Hug Lloris managed to catch it.
Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren has filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the summons of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) against him in connection with the misappropriation of wealth.
In 2005 he completed his Renewal Course at Sadhana Institute, Lonavala. In 2005-2006 he served as Parish Priest at Mary Help of Christians Cathedral Shillong.
Hamboidei Sumer, Assistant Secretary Ioanis Manner, Treasurer Brington Shylla, Social Media Coordinator Cleverson Shadap and other leaders of the Pradesh Congress Committee including Overfive Biam, Nidaemkam Ever Lyngdoh were elected as Vice President. Sumer, Rimiki Lathong, Medalin Dhar and five Executive Members were elected.
Bah Kordor said that it is a pleasure to see that our flesh and blood have come forward to take over this task. turn too much to the pedestrian areas lest it destroy them again,” he urged.
At the same time, the three men looted the property of the couple.
When asked whether he was informed and whether there was a discussion between him and the prime minister before he was removed from office, he said, “They just said that others should also be involved”. .
Chirupki Suting (16'), Joydeep Bamon (51', 73') and Chandame Suna (89') scored four goals for Mukhla Raij.
Security forces have also conducted patrols in the villages and the evacuation of residents to safer places is underway.
Because of the customs and traditions that promote an environmentally friendly lifestyle, we clearly understand our responsibilities towards the environment and the future despite the aim of reaching new heights in income.
On the other hand, he reminded that today, the 1st of January every year is the National Labor Day. There are also States in India which celebrate this day and there are also States which give a holiday to the workers on this day because it is a day to honor the workers.
We will resolve this issue with the consensus of both the States”.
On the same day, the FKJGP handed over the computers to the Vice Principal of the school.
The purpose of the inspection was to look into the suspension of the construction of the school for many years.
From East Jaintia Hills District, six candidates are Deibor Suchiang and Rita Pakyntein from Ladrymbai Dongwah, Bornalee Kharlukhi from Mawlailawrynghep, Aiba Lamare and Robert Carlos Wahlang from Sutnga and Prosper Pyrngai from Umkiang.
Tiangong-1, or known as the spacecraft, has been in operation since November 2011 and ceased operations in October
According to the signs on the bodies of the deceased, there were burns in different parts of their bodies, some burned in the legs and face.
The CEM of KHADC visited Majai after 44 foreigners who were trading in Majai, forced the District Council to issue Trading License by tied the door of the Trading License. Meghalaya High Court for renewal of expired licences.
‘"The delay isn’t necessary because the weather isn’t bad.
Because the Jews had been looking for the Messiah for a long time, but he was only the leader of the beast.
He also urged the public to take these pigs immediately to the sub centers or dispensaries so that they do not die.
Until these days, there are many villages where the houses of the people are not off the road and thus many of them, who own vehicles have had to park their vehicles on the road.
“When the world is in turmoil, let us take the road to pray to God that only God can protect us and if we are close to the Creator, our nation will survive”.
Returning to Bhoi, Conrad said that one of the two villages in Boklapara, five out of six villages in Khanapara-Pilangkata and three out of five villages in Ratacherra in East Jaintia Hills will remain closed. bd the state.
He said it is not an area under the border dispute between the two states.
Shillong: The import of goods from the two ports of Bholaganj and Tamabil has been banned today.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills has not implemented the order to operate odd and even or to operate taxis during the day to enter Khyndai Lad and Motphran. Hills District.
“If it orders that EPIC and Aadhaar should be linked, it means that many people will lose their votes,” he said, adding that the Election Department has set the dates. and special times in the villages for voters to link their EPIC with Aadhaar or other necessary documents, such as Passbook, Driving License, Ration Card.
According to the rules issued by the government, local taxis are allowed to carry only 2 or 3 passengers and buses are allowed to carry one passenger per passengers. per Seat.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, on Tuesday said that he supports the decision taken by the government. to relocate the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board from the Metor area to a better place for the convenience of their families.
PLANT FOODS:— The inclusion of plant-based foods such as cereals, cereals, seeds, nuts and vegetables will reduce the risk of serious diseases.
They also opened the website of the university and put up the logo of the Techno Global University but the truth is that the university does not know anything about it.
He said that in Chokpot, a Congress MLA has fled to the TMC and many previous governments have not looked at constituencies without an MLA in power but the NPP has not done so.
Nongpoh: After receiving many complaints from the poor families in the villages of Block-2 in Ri Bhoi, the HANM, Ri Bhoi, has urged Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, that he should take action to help those poor families who are suffering from severe difficulties at such a time.
The reason why I don't want to share anyone's posts or speeches with my friends is because some people praise or criticize me for sharing them.
The Special Team led by Donkupar Moksha MPS, Dy. SP Traffic conducted a search operation on a vehicle coming from Phramer and at about 1 AM searched a Night Super bus number AS 01 KC
“We have already declared the Sohiong constituency as belonging to the UDP.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong has expressed its regret over this and urged the people who love to witness these games to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong.
The Iranian government's ambassador to Afghanistan was also present on Wednesday when the suicide bombers attacked Kabul University on the day of a book fair.
The meeting will start at 9 pm and all members of the KSU are requested to attend the meeting. day at this place at the appointed time to pay tribute to this hero who sacrificed himself for the cause of the Jaidbynriew.
Some of the villages where poor women call and inform to give birth include Namdong A, Namdong B, Thadmynri, Kremmyrsiang, Mukoh, Khonsaro, Lad Myngngor, Umjalisiaw Lumrot, Mukhnang, Sehlama and Moobakhon.
On receiving information about the incident on the 5th of this month, the school authorities have lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station. to the robbers who have a hand in this matter.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has announced that it will withdraw the 2,000 rupee note from the market, but it will continue to be the currency recognized by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in a statement. which was published today.
Nongpoh, Naitung 12: The Enforcement Team of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has launched a campaign to curb foreigners from setting up shops in Nongpoh without a trading licence. They conducted a trading license inspection to close down those shops of foreigners who operate without a Trading License.
The air is clean, the rivers are clean and I will clean them,” said Ksan's mother.
The cultivation of syrti has also declined due to the lack of farmers, and the ynteh can no longer grow quickly to be cultivated according to the cycle.
In the western part of the pond there is a place called “Besan Mai kyrmea” where there is also a market. This market is called the Nongpoh Market, because this place was owned by the Nongpoh, but this area has now fallen under Bangladesh.
This book was written by Bah PR Shabong, Professor, Shillong College in the presence of other teachers, classmates and youth.
In 1852, at the age of twenty-six, he took over the post of Daloi.
Mohammad Shami, who brought the team the winning run in Mumbai, has now moved up three places to reach 28th position and KL Rahul, who scored 75 runs. Unbeaten in the ODIs against Australia, he has now moved up three places to 39th.
Speaking on the increase in tuition fees in government and non-government schools, the Minister said that there have been parents and children who have come to talk about this.
The Congress has always opposed the demand for a Hill State and when we got our own state, the Congress opposed and spoke against the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act and the Job Act. Reservation Policy.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Poultry Farmers Traders Association (AJPFTA) has come forward to strongly condemn the poultry farmers and traders of East and West Jaintia Hills. There is nothing wrong with the incident of shooting.
The Minister said that after an effort of only 1.5 MT-2 MT, 20 MT has now been exported and this shows the success of the export industry.
Sometimes you don't talk, society sees only your shortcomings, they know you as poor or debtor.
In the other two matches, Rangdajied United FC drew 1-1 with Ladthadlaboh SC at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai Zone. Umkseh SC beat Umkseh SC 3-1 in the Group-A Shillong Zone match at MFA Turf Polo Ground Shillong.
There are those who explain why we should fight against the government, why they are shutting down.
Momin and Doranggo M.Marak.
He will be like this ksew.
Parvaj Bhuiya scored in the 3rd and 31st minutes while Phrangki Buam scored in the 80th and 90+2 minutes.
In the constituency allocation between the UDP and the HSPDP, the HSPDP has taken Sutnga-Saipung, Nongkrem, Mylliem, Mawphlang, Shillong South, Pynthor, Jirang, Nongstoin, Rambrai and Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, the master must think and appreciate this gift – his own, his servant's, and as a reward, and the wage must also be paid at the right price as much as possible, without looking at it. only the reward he may receive from that work.
In the next match, HK Singh Sec School beat St. John Sec School by 11-1 goals.
The MLA of Ranikor C&RD Block, Martin M Danggo, has personally inspected the damage in the presence of officers from Ranikor C&RD Block. send reports to the District authorities for the provision of assistance from the Government.
Khliehmyntriang SC beat Pynthorsale SC 6-0. Bring Dkhar scored three goals in the 38', 45' and 71', Raplangki Lyngdoh 35' and u Dao-shwa Morning 63' & 67'.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said the MUA meeting has decided not to implement the ILP at all and the matter is in the hands of the Court.
In Mawsde, a village with 25 households, he inaugurated the distribution of drinking water under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JMM) scheme in the presence of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE. During his visit, he also inaugurated a footbridge on the Riliang River, which passes through Jashiar village, which was constructed under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MG-NREGS).
These four Khla children were rescued on the 26th of this month, in the morning, when the child was returning from Umsning.
Meghalaya is in the group with Chandigarh, Delhi, Assam and Chattisgarh.
He said that the law enforcement authorities have taken action to track down those involved and to close down the illegal liquor shop in the area.
Shillong: The Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari today announced the launch of new projects worth T.1.6 lakh crore in the North East.
Abir Chakraborty and Bijon Dey took four wickets each for the loss of the Royal XI.
The Rozgar Mela was held in 45 places across the country.
When asked about the reason for the withdrawal of support from the EC and the KHUDA synrop, Pynshngain said, “In the resignation letter they did not give any reason, so I don't know”.
The MRSSA is like welcoming 170 lakh Bangladeshis besides those who are already there,” said Shylla.
All these are enshrined in the Constitution of India, as mentioned above.
In the final between the two at the Madrid Open, Sabalenka showed her perfect style to beat Swiatek for the first time in such a match. She has also proved herself to be a strong candidate for the trophy at the upcoming French Open.
We don't need the Gujarat approach which will bring danger to the country and division in the country,” said the AICC general secretary in charge of Meghalaya.
Mobile phones also pose a serious threat to motor drivers because when someone calls them they have to hold one hand on the phone and one on the steering wheel. They received phone calls from their family members that there were tragic incidents. This also shocked them and caused danger to the drivers.
Passah said the party will support the political party on related issues in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, adding that the party has already decided not to support anyone. the MP candidate this time.
The group also expressed its surprise that the Chief Minister of Manipur, Biren Singh has acknowledged that there are hundreds of such incidents in Manipur, and that the Prime Minister in expressing his condolences and He said that these illegal activities have brought shame on the whole country.
Shillong: The JSU Central Body has strongly opposed the government's decision to call another public hearing on 30th July 2020 on the approval of M/s Star Cement Meghalaya Ltd.
“He said this while speaking at the NPP Area Diengiei election campaign rally held at Mawlaiteng.
People's representatives to the legislatures will advocate on these issues and other issues to uphold human rights in democracy.
The implementation of the Project Supply is slow.
“Strengthening of security forces is necessary and we will ensure that the entry and exit points are guarded by security forces,” she said, adding that the incident of theft will be revealed after receiving the. police investigation report.
Regarding the power outage, the residents of these villages, have requested the MeECL department to take action for the installation of the transformer. He urged them to discuss this issue, so that the people in these villages can get electricity as soon as possible.
KSU Mawprem Circle, Mawprem Circle, has learned that a Khasi girl from Nongsohphoh, Mawprem, who is studying in class 9 at Govt Girls HS School, has been shot dead by two foreign women. heavier than yesterday when she left school to go home.
According to Bah Hek, the letter was received from the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer of Ri Bhoi District informing that four villages in the district have been affected by the African Swine Flu. (ASF), and the DC has issued an order to declare these four villages under containment zones.
In the beauty peagent contest, which was held on the 3rd of this month, the title of Miss Lukha 2023 was won by Rimika Dkhar. T 30000 (thirty thousand tyngka), Timung won the 1st Runners up, along with a cash prize of T 20000 (twenty thousand tyngka) and the 2nd Runners up, Hakani Phawa, a young woman, was arrested with a cash prize of T 10,0
The laptops were donated by Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA 19th Shillong South Constituency and President of RLSSCO. The Governor of Meghalaya expressed his gratitude to Bah Sanbor Shullai as the President of the club and as the leader to award prizes to the students every year. the organization to continue in its good works.
Shillong, July 03: The Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul today approved the Delimitation Bill for the KHADC and JHADC before the Cabinet announces the date of the MDC elections in the state.
At first glance, this road looks like a dirt road but it is a road that has been cleaned with colour, and in the name of improving this road, it is only by throwing dirt around it. in the rainy season.
This was announced by the National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, while welcoming the two PDF MLAs, Gavin Miguel Mylliem and Bah Announcing this, Prestone said that the NPP Block in Sohra and Mawkynrew constituencies will have to be dissolved after the merger and will be formed. new Block in these constituencies.
Biswa and Bamanbha Shangpliang scored 87 runs for Umïam Eagles.
Minister’s Special Rural Development Fund (CMSRDF), costing T.21.82 crore.
The former DHS (MI) wrote this on the recent speech of TMC Women's Wing General Secretary Noor Warjri.
The SP said that we should not count sting on such a day as many times we have received threats from various rebel groups to disrupt the Independence Day celebrations.
Myllung Soso Tham was thanked by all those present from the villagers to the people by writing shun on the sladur that had not been used for the purpose.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : U Trinamool Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang on Friday demanded that the state government should release the investigation report and all the facts related to the allegation of rape. Pine Mount School, one of the leading schools in Shillong.
However, as the election campaign went on, the people became more and more aware of the basis on which the VPP stands for the sake of the country and the nation.
The victims have also informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong that he should not allow any drunkenness during the festival as it may cause trouble in the peace and order. , said one of the elders of the village.
“We are fighting against corruption but we are also knowledgeable in politics,” said Bah Kharshiing after filing his nomination papers on Friday.
At the same time, he hoped that God from above would not leave them at this time but would give them a healthy body so that they could accomplish many tasks especially. It is difficult to thank the Creator, the Source of all blessings.
A sudden fire broke out in the Iawpynsiñ Market, Wahiajer on Tuesday.
I am ready to support you if your explanation is true and verifiable.
The Deputy Commissioner appealed to all the owners of coal mines to cooperate by sending the Sordars, contractors who use and bring in generators, motors, pipes, equipment used to pump water from the coal mine at Briwar.
The Raij Jowai, as usual, on the 8th of October under the supervision of the Dorbar Niam, has decided to hold the Thohlangdoh with the participation of the religious leaders of the Raij from the Doloi, Pator, Langdoh, the Sangot, the Wasan, the Phra Kur, and the sons of the Raij.
The Sangeet Natak Academy Fellowship (Ratna Academy) is the highest award given to students in the field of performing arts.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Laloo said that it is an honor for the State as a whole to hold such a tournament.
Shillong, July 4: The Meghalaya High Court today fixed the hearing for the 13th July on a petition filed alleging that the Khasi and Tre religions are minorities. in this state they have been humiliated and deprived of their rights.
The union also urges the law enforcement authorities from the police and the court to punish severely the foreigner who committed these illegal acts and also to follow up and investigate all those involved. join hands to do this work with this foreigner.
Others who attended the function included PL Nonglait, District School Education Officer, Eric Calvin Dkhar, Block Development Officer, Umling C&RD Block, WK Blah, Principal. the school along with the teachers and students of the school.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Malki Circle has strongly condemned the insult to the hero of the nation, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh. of Shillong Law College.
So you think that the State has fallen to the bottom, yes the State has moved forward in terms of economic development and in all aspects,” said Bah Tynsong.
?" asked the mother of Wanbok. Bah Shanbor nodded and said, "I came out today.
You are people who eat a lot of foods rich in purine, people who drink alcohol, especially beer, people who do not drink any beverages to make the body stronger, people who drink a lot of medicines known as diuretics (water tablets) that increase the distribution of urine, family members who do not already have this disease, people who have kidney disease and make it impossible to produce uric acid in the form of urine, People with obesity and diabetes, people with high blood pressure, people with proriasis which causes the body to produce a lot of uric acid in the body.
The flood occurred after heavy rains and the Myntdu River has almost reached the bridge, and houses and schools have been flooded.
The discussion on the budget will be held on Tuesday and the Prime Minister will answer the question on the same day at 2 pm and the dorbar will end on Friday, where it will be approved. the demands for funds for various government departments and the bills to be submitted by the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid said that as a leader, he finds that many families not only in his constituency are suffering from illness or tragic incidents because they do not have an ambulance to take them to the hospital. treatment.
Ampareen won from Laitumkhrah constituency in 2008 and from East Shillong in 2013 which has been renamed.
Two prominent leaders, Bah RG Lyngdoh and Prof Donkupar War, were not present at the meeting.
He said the RDA wants to bring unity among the ethnic political parties and to get the support of the people of the state.
But Daniel didn't know what to do.
On the MDC election, he said that the party will not announce the candidates immediately but will consider when the time comes.
Before Satan is cast down to the earth, God will fulfill His word.
From the historical stories and writings that tell about the origin of the Hima, it can be said that as a nation we have our own culture which God the Creator has set aside since the beginning of the world.
The murder of Rodit Langstang happened on 31st June at the residence of Pammanik.
“The method of counting jait or ai jait is only to know the honor and manners” the Dkar counts sang If you are married to those who are not of the same blood (you should be married to those who are not of the same blood) the Khasi u khein sang If you are born of the same blood (you should not be born of the same blood) the Khasi is the mother of the Dkhar and the father is the best.
On the other hand, Meirad Tngency Rynjah, speaking at the seminar, said that the Rynjah clan began to appear after the earthquake of 1897 and said that the Rynjah clan also has a priest in the Kingdom of Khyriem.
During the UPA II government, we spoke clearly, we criticized the government.
“The Biren Singh Government and the Modi Government should take account of what happened in Manipur.
Similarly, the Asia Cup, which will be attended by six Asian countries, will be played in 50-over matches in the first half of November and will include India & Pakistan are now in the same group along with other countries to compete for the tournament.
“We know that IIT Roorkee in Guwahati is preparing the design.
The farmers of Punjab have made it clear that these three laws of the Indian government will abolish the government's minimum support price system for agricultural products and thereby they will be exploited by the wealthy traders.
“The Prime Minister has confirmed that the government will immediately talk to the central government to allocate funds to the ADCs,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCCB) today conducted the registration for interview for 9 vacancies in the scheme but the interview had to be canceled due to the lack of 427 candidates. Two young people came to register.
Police have arrested five persons accused of involvement in the incident which happened on the night of the 7th of this month.
He may also have said that many of the world's richest and most famous people come from poor families like Nelson Mandela and Abraham Lincoln.
The lack of appointment of employees in these vacant posts has affected even the employees in service as one employee has had to carry 4 and 5 byrni instead of 10 byrni and this has affected the health. also to carry too much strength.
The Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) has sought clarification from the Government on the detection of formalin in fish and questioned why the inspection of fish is only once every five years.
After this, there was also a dispute at that time to clean the house.
And when he was come to Damascus, Saul fell to the earth, and heard a voice speaking unto him, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? …….
Under the ongoing Swachhata Hi Seva Campaign, the 33rd Battalion ITBP, Guwahati, Assam has conducted a cleanliness programme.
In a complaint to Bah Hek, a female guard alleged that Wanglet used rude words like 'ka pha ka bieij', 'ka riewkhlaw', and 'ka bieij tasngeng' from time to time. when you come to the field at the time of your step.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that he has already prepared an allocation of T.5 lakh for the construction of a Community Hall at Diengiong Village, New Shillong.
At the same time, he invited those who are interested to join the organization, to register as Life Members by filling up the forms.
The court also said that there is no attempt by the state government to seek assistance from the central government in this regard as the answer is that there is no Cancer Research Institute.
Besides the seized vehicle, two mobile phones and T.10530 cash were also seized from them.
The BJP in Meghalaya on Friday accused that from step pedestrians to school children, those who have gone to work, farm, market, and anyone who walks on the streets of Shillong, The problem is due to the poor condition of the roads.
L.
“It is unfortunate that the C&RD department is in charge of the MLA of Nartiang constituency but Sniawbhalang Dhar has not done anything about it,” said Kyrchan. The union will wait for three months and if no signs are seen, it will send a complaint to the Ministry of Rural Development.
The Secretary of the Shiphew Dorbar, Bah Meban Rani, said that after the receipt of the order in June by all the Dorbar Shnongs, the Rangbah Shnongs of the Shiphew Dorbar have not yet decided. They are waiting for their meeting with the CEM of KHADC on the 21st of November
Prestone said he had no information that several people from Manipur had been arrested in the state.
He said that the project was launched in collaboration with the Jal Shakti Department of the Government of India for the purpose of cleaning the Umkhrah River. Sometimes.
Many households in South Tura have lost the right to drinking water,” said Marak while exposing the false claims of the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday expressed its satisfaction with the progress of the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Nongpoh, November 14: The Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs Department of the State Government on Friday called for a meeting with the leaders of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) to discuss the issue. The petrol and diesel companies in Meghalaya have vowed to stop the import of petrol and diesel from the 12th of this month.
Banerjee said the TMC MPs in Parliament have protested outside and inside Parliament many times to demand the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. constitution of the country and will fight to the end.
According to the report, this woman was arrested on charges of smuggling pla or kloh pla during the Musiang Market and it was also alleged that someone found her on the 10th of this month. January 2022.
This policy will not only strengthen the staffing but will also ensure that the placement of staff will be uniform across the health centers of the State.
I don't find any truth in the complaint by Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA and therefore this case has been dismissed and terminated”.
However, a few months after the meeting, the Congress lost 12 MLAs under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, who later joined the All India Trinamool Congress and formed Meghalaya Pradesh. Trinamool Congress.
Rs 1,34,96,95,476) before the death of your father.
Muktiar Vishaal Tiwari has filed a Public Interest Litigation and demanded the appointment of an Independent Expert Committee under the leadership of the former Supreme Court Justice to investigate the 183 cases in which the victims were killed. This has happened since 2017, according to the Uttar Pradesh Special Director General of Police (Law and Order).
Meanwhile, former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has left the Congress party along with 11 legislators and joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
He said the government has no intention of appealing to the Supreme Court against the CAA like the Kerala government because the decision of the House is too late.
As part of the encouragement and encouragement to these athletes, Bah Donlang, Bah Ferdynald Kharkamni and Bah Marcus Marten, donated money to the school authorities, the Dorbar. Saiden Village has donated gifts to the athletes, while one of the youths of the village, Samla Bakmen Thangkhiew, has donated smart watches. to all the athletes as a sign of encouragement and blessings to them.
The information was sent by JSU Education Secretary Eddy Kery Pohtam, Assistant Education Secretary Dewan Bareh, Ajoy Lyngdoh and Generous Suchiang.
Pakistani troops have left Islamabad today to patrol the city to maintain peace and order in the city.
On the 13th of this month, the semi final between Nongtalang Circle beat Syndai Circle through a tie breaker. Nongtalang Circle beat Syndai Circle 5-4 goals in the tie breaker.
“There is no water for me.
In the last match between the two teams, Rangdajied beat Lajong 2-1 on the 13th of last month.
East Khasi Hills with 15 factories has produced T 6,28,907 tyngka while Ri-Bhoi with 102 factories has produced T 6,28,907 tyngka. T.14,25,1
“As strong leaders, we should not be misled only in this short hour and forget our own experiences for many years or the principle taught by (L) Maieit which they have followed. for ten years now.
Shakira, a 46-year-old Columbia singer, is hanging out a lot these days with the two superstars, following her split with her husband, Gerard Pique was arrested last year for allegedly having an affair with 24-year-old Clara Chia Marti.
In the men's senior category – 55 kg – Hubert Paliar, silver (left) and in the men's master category – 80 kg – Everson Thangkhiew, gold (left) and bronze (left); 90 Kg – Khongwir, Silver (Right) and Bronze (Right).
It is to be recalled that the union has long demanded from the government authorities to take action on this important issue faced by the people of the area in relation to health, and has already handed over the The Secretary has written to the Director of Health Services to take the necessary action in this regard, but until now the government has remained silent in this regard. this work.
There are also those who say that it will not be long before the state will see that more Congress MLAs will join the NPP like the two PDF MLAs. They denied that the Congress as an old and large party has the right to get the post of Leader of the Opposition.
In the first half, India were encouraged by the goal they scored, playing well until they were able to score through the PC which was converted into a goal by Deepika in the last minutes of the game for the equalizer until the end of the game.
During the meeting, which lasted about two hours, Beniwal raised the issue of farmers' protests against water shortage in Hanumangarh and Sriganganagar districts. Rajasthan, which shares its border with Punjab.
Who else can trust in him who turns his head away?
The Shillong Municipal Employees Association (SHMU) has received this reply after the leaders of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association (SAA) met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who invited them to discuss the matter at the Shillong Municipal Employees Association. his office and he gave them this promise.
The Central Agriculture University, Manipur in collaboration with the National Agricultural Higher Education Project (NAHEP) ICAR, New Delhi has launched a two month training on the theme 'Natural Farming: Present Status and Future Prospects' on Tuesday.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 710 new cases have been confirmed and 5332 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
He said that these Khasi villages in Block-II are facing the same problems as the Pnars in Block-I because the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) used to demand tax from them when they transport synsar and sying to Bhoirymbong.
And this city which thou hast chosen, and this house which I have built for thy name 2 Chronicles 6:3
Shillong, Nartiang 11 : More than 25,000 people from 1-Nartiang Constituency attended the confirmation meeting of the 1-Nartiang Constituency Block Committee held at Wahiajer. NPP from the number of collected.
Nongstoiñ, November 6: U Bah Saiñding Marngar, the youngest son of Bah Lorshon Marbaniang, of Mawkhiat village in Rambrai West Khasi Hills District, has passed away. over 18 years and never been traced.
Nongkasen, July 30: A man named Bah Aibor Wahlang from Mawliwai village has been summoned to appear in the fishing competition in the past few months. Leaders of the Nongkasen Village Guard Group on Tuesday.
“Even if the price of food items rises or falls, it remains the same and those who die are us poor who earn their living by going to work in people's homes,” she said.
While they were talking, Wanbok's mother came out.
Shillong, Nailur 6: U Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Bah PT Sawkmie MDC Mawlai in the presence of Bah T.Kharkongor, Minister of Veterinary Affairs, Rangbah Shnong Mawiong Umjapung, Bah T.Kharkongor, elders of the village, and office bearers of the village. The Mawlai Block Congress Committee, the Women's Committee and the Youth Wing visited the ABATOIR.
“We have written to the hospitals but they have not yet received any reply,” she said.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : U Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Bishweswar Tudu will visit Shillong on the 12th and 13th of this month.
The Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan Campaign is the objective of the Government through the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment to fight, eradicate and reduce drug abuse.
Therefore, the party invites all party workers to attend the meeting as scheduled.
Rani said that foreigners used to come to him for Residential Certificate because they went to work in the east but these foreigners too have been living there for a long time. within the village and within this state.
If we have achieved this goal we will be able to achieve what we want as footballers.
“We have sought information from other women who went to train in this line in Hyderabad after a complaint from a young woman, but it was said that they too were surprised after this happened. “I don't know why,” said Bah War.
Agnes is currently in the Critical Care Unit (CCU) at NEIGRHIMS and has improved.
From the beginning, God said let us create MAN in our own image and likeness.
They have three daughters, one of whom died in a car accident and another went missing. Asmina, 9 years old, who is still in Class
The Fourth is “YOUTHS & VOLUNTEERISM”: In this regard, I would like to remind all of us youth of the following four speeches by intellectuals and heroes who have explained why we need to have the spirit of helping and contributing to others especially starting from the villages, the community and our fellow countrymen: “Wherever you turn, you can find someone who needs you.
He said that this place does not have the beauty of the creator and they will continue to think how to improve the beauty of this place according to the use. and share with God the Creator.
On the morning of the 19th, it was seen that the SCB had sent new lights to the houses and shops that had been destroyed.
Pynshngaiñ and Hadrian Lyngdoh were in Delhi to discuss the road and their lawyer Erwin Sutnga was also present.
The MLA also spoke about the soskular signed between Meghalaya and Assam regarding the demarcation.
Thomas Dkhar scored the goal in the 114th minute.
According to Mukul, the area where the people are banned from traveling is in Meghalaya and there is no dispute but in recent years, the Assam government has encouraged the people living in the area to travel. registered land in Assam and as a result, many complaints have been received from the residents of the area who have informed the district administration.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said 11 of them came by plane and 11 were from Morigaon district.
The JNC said that the power outage of these households was due to the loss of a transformer near Khliehriat West Iawpynkat UP School and the power outage has started since the beginning of the lockdown.
As soon as the elections to the Legislative Assembly come, the talk from the candidates is that they have to fight for the power of money, which means that all those who win are those who throw money at them.
Shillong: Pynshisha S.Marbaniang, wife of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, passed away on the morning of 4th July 2021 at her residence. They lived in Ishyrwat, Mawpath.
The fighting between the two groups was intense.
Furthermore, the members of the Producers Group alleged that at the beginning the recruitment was not very strict, but later it became more strict by taking only one person from one household, even if the same house many farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, Donald said that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has been appointed as the 'Last Son' who has inherited the rights of the Khasi. buhai is illegal".
Riquoma Rq.Laloo said the aim is to improve the skills of the youth in drama and others as it is one of the ways to preserve the customs and traditions taught by our ancestors.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, today said that the Council has not yet received any information on the request for a thorough investigation and study for the construction of the railway line to East Jaintia Hills. District to Khliehriat.
He appealed to the farmers that if they want to market the synsar which they have already harvested, it is easy, first they have to find training ways how to harvest because they have to harvest. Allfond promised to send people or teachers to teach them how to throw so that it will be orderly.
Since the disappearance of the Risham religion, which was established by the longkmie in the rympei, there has been no more discrimination against the non-man.
The new President of the NHWU, Bah Kenneth Swer, said that the NHWU is the first in the state to establish private hospitals.
Speaking on the occasion, Caramai Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the Bijili Mahotsav will be celebrated from 25th to 30th November, 2022 across the country. The plan is to provide lighting and electricity to all villages and households by
Nongpoh, Naitung 02: In order to encourage the students to continue their higher education and to set an example for other students to succeed in their studies, the Seng Samla Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri today held a The day also awarded 15 students of the village who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Dr. Esra Syiem and Aristone Manbha Ryndongsngi as the chief guests, the leaders of the Youth Wing, and the village leaders. the elders of the village.
In a statement sent by the Secretary of the Tournament Committee, Helpiswell Lyngdoh, the tournament will start on the 16th June,
By apologizing to the political parties of Maghalaya, I would like to draw the attention of the readers to the following.
There are also those who live in the morning and in the evening.
“They don't sleep, they don't sleep at any time.
China has restored the death toll in the city of Wuhan, increasing it by 50 percent from the previous count. 3,869 and agreed that there were many more deaths, which were never counted.
Urging the people to support Kong Biolinda, Conrad said the government under the leadership of the NPP has done many things for the development of the state. The NPP will lead the state once again and there is hope that it will be able to rule alone.
The price of 2 liters of alcohol per ration card is T.16.94p per litre.
The ceremony was attended by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Biswanath Sommader, DC Garo LSN Dykes, SP Bikram D Marak and others.
The news comes 10 months after the Mumbai police were attacked on November 26,
However, until the arrival of Lamphang at 1 pm, no one had cleaned the ground.
Treatment failed to help him.
Furthermore, these vegetables are rich in vitamins and minerals including vitamin C. You can include eating these vegetables while cleaning vegetables, in syrwa or with foods. bread.
Speaking as the chief guest, Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, congratulated the DSO office for taking the initiative to organize this tournament which has been a platform for the youth from all over the district. Ri Bhoi to showcase their sports talents and congratulate especially to the schools who came to take part in this tournament from near and far.
Rahul Gandhi also asked under what circumstances he was prevented from going to Hathras, saying, "I want to go to Hathras alone and tell me on what basis you arrested me. .
Regarding this insult to the Sying farmers, on behalf of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, through Bah Luistar, said that the FKJGP strongly condemns this insult to the Sying farmers, in which She also warned the Sying buyers around Ri Bhoi, not to cut more than 10 kilos from the Sying farmers, who have gone to sell Sying in the markets in Ri Bhoi.
All these lead to the goal of love for the nation because as a nation we are recognized first by our culture. If we don't take responsibility for all these, the time will come when Lariti will fall and remain in the name of the shynrong of the past and become a nation without recognition in any way.
After conducting an investigation, the police did not find any signs of injury and the family members of the child said that they have no suspicion of any wrongdoing. but they believe that the cause of death was that he drowned.
The Sacrament of Confirmation was conducted by Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar on Saturday.
He said that this Indoor Sports Hall is a long standing dream of the Shnong and once completed it will provide services to the residents and youth as well.
This year, the total number of male and female dancers has reached 1100 including 498 females and 602 males.
However, although the two MLAs have publicly announced to join the NPP, the PDF is still encouraged and fighting as hard as it can to maintain its position as it did in the 2018 elections.
According to the petition, Elizabeth Nongbri has identified herself as a Khasi and has been a BJP worker since
“In this regard, the Cement Companies have remained silent and this has prompted the Union to come and complain about this insult to the state government. so that the indigenous people do not lose their livelihood opportunities".
Nongpoh: To curb the influx of foreigners, who have come to work in various jobs and especially in those places where there are many factories, today the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, has conducted a Labor License inspection for foreigners working in the Otdieng Factories in Umiam.
Jowai, March 31: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai, on Tuesday held a youth meeting at the hall of Marian Hill Higher Secondary School, Jowai. Khanduli was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Yuva Utsav which included a colorful display of cultures from different parts of the district in the presence of the chief guest Dr HH Mohrmen.
Wailadmiki said that the preparations for the construction of the Oxygen Plant in Ialong have progressed rapidly and within 10 days they have completed the construction of the house, while at MCH Hospital the Oxygen Plant will be constructed in the prefab buildings. There is an urgent need for this hospital which has been converted into a COVID-19 hospital.
At the programme, the Chief Minister handed over 10,000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras at AIIMS, Deoghar.
Also present on the occasion were Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang and MDC Sherbor Mawlong.
Subject : The form of government without NPP & BJP"
Parliamentary Secretary Stephanson Mukhim was the chief guest, Holando Lamin EM JHADC was the chief guest. was the symbol of the conference.
The Rangbah Shnongs in collaboration with the police will monitor and monitor the sale of pets and also to ensure compliance with the rules laid down by the government to keep a distance from each other. .
At present, the Congress has Ma Vincent Pala, who is MP, who has won two terms and with the ticket of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, it shows that there are now two candidates. candidates who intend to contest from Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency.
Jeffree Surong 55' and Soni Phawa 77' scored the goals for Mulait United FC.
The court said that the documents submitted by the plaintiffs were true and confirmed that she had a locomotor disability.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong of Sohphoh, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, he expressed his gratitude to the Rama Krishna Mission for donating to the poor people at this time of crisis. Dam closure due to Covid-1
“I understand that they are Khasi and one of them speaks Smit because they have warned not to inform the police or post on social media,” she said.
It is for this reason that the government has handed over 2 CHCs, 19 PHCs and one Dispensary to the private sector to provide treatment to the sick.
In a statement sent by the Assistant Drug Controller of Meghalaya, the Inspectors have warned the drug dealers whether they are wholesale or retail not to stop the sale of drugs. and he went and searched all the shops.
Only those who have scored 75 percent or above in SSLC and HSSLC, and those who have scored 60 percent or above in Graduate, Master, Professional Course including MBBS, Lawyer, Engineering and others.
He gave another example, saying that during his visit to Mizoram, when he stopped to shondur on a road in Aizawl, he was surprised that the drivers did not stop at all, but stopped for a while to allow and you can't shondur.
The Prime Minister said that there are plus and minuses in any decision but if we ignore them we will not be able to get any decision but if we The government has taken a very good decision and when we look at the size of West Khasi Hills District, we look at the way of life of the people, the development projects. In the West Khasi Hills, there has been a lot of neglect in the past few years and it has not been able to develop this area.
Speaking to reporters, KSU-SWKH President Kitboklang Syiemlieh said that in fact the KSU-SWKH has already prepared for the protests, but due to the suggestion and wishes of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, including The Sumo Association has decided to hold a public meeting, the KSU has decided to take a decision on how to announce a public meeting.
Speaking on the changes in the past decades, Kror said, “In the past, the elections were peaceful but now there are many problems in the election of leaders. ".
He also urged the public to refrain from mass gatherings and to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the prevention of the spread of the corona virus in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has decided not to open casinos in Meghalaya at all. Seng, Dorbar Shnong, Raid, Hima, various religious leaders and even the people themselves.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong in the presence of former MDC Bah Ricky Shullai, other PWD Engineers, women's organizations and the villagers.
Tura MP Agatha Sangma will contest again for the post of Lok Sabha Leader from Tura Constituency in the upcoming elections.
We are too slow to think and ask about the future of our children, we are more likely to be “niangkohnguh”, to be thought of by others, we will just follow there, because the “hana” of those others is more appropriate than what our brains communicate to us.
The chief guest at the meeting was the Sordar of Raid Mawja, who also distributed the certificates of appointment to the leading leaders of the branch in Pynursla.
These houses include the houses of Kong Rusha Shabong and Kong Bilanti Shabong, which were the most damaged houses in the cyclone. shnong, to take part in the construction of these two houses.
Nongpoh, November 05: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has organized a campaign to help the victims of the cyclone in Umlakhar village, Ri-Bhoi District. On this Tuesday (3rd November), the organization has donated 15 byrni of rice to these victims.
Glorious Bareh, Coordinator of the Society for the Promotion of Tourism, said that the festival will be held at the East West Youth Welfare Playground, Khliehriat. and the Prang River off Road Bike Rally, cycling, and performances by various musical groups.
Another point I would like to make here is that if we look closely at the way the world glorifies and respects the personalities who do things that do not build the foundation of life. For example, the world praises people who talk nonsense, who make videos with bad words, people who show off their bodies and so on.
He has also participated in many programs organized by various government departments.
Vidarbha, on the other hand, scored 33 runs from 26 balls in 4.2 overs without losing a single wicket.
(Esther 3:15) The inhabitants of the kingdom, especially the Jews and the city of Shushan, were amazed and confused.
“It is the inability to control the power of pei and others.
In his inaugural address, Bah Carnes, who is also the MDC of Mawkyrwat, congratulated the former Executive Committee and urged all the members of the new Executive Committee to work hard.
MDC Aiborlang Shadap said the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam to maintain the status quo is meaningless because only the Meghalaya government respects and follows the social agreement but the Assam government continues. to thom naphang by forcibly implementing various schemes in the border areas in order to strengthen their ownership.
Bajop Pyngrope said the reason why he has decided to join the NPP is because it is the only party that has never had any differences between the people. its leader since the day of its creation.
Then he dressed in many different clothes and went with the group.
He said the Minister of Home Affairs should be aware of the killings, rape, kidnapping and other illegal acts against women that happen from time to time in Garo Hills.
It should take any decision whether within the Cabinet or in the Legislative Assembly so that there will be clarity on when the Roster System will be implemented. .
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: As one of the objectives to promote tourism in Ri-Bhoi, Lawbyrwa Village has unveiled a tourist spot known as Lumkshaid Tourist Spot, which can attract tourists to go and sleep in that place.
“We had to come forward after many elders and dignitaries met with him that he should not leave his post to serve his country and nation, because this is the most important occasion for the Khasi people,” he said.
Sitharaman also announced that the tax will be higher for those with income above Rs 2 to Rs 5 crore and for those with income of Rs 5 crore and above.
Because many of those who have learned now, there are many explanations to explain themselves by themselves like those blind men of ancient Hindustan who explained and explained about the elephant.
Stephan Pale was named Man of the Match.
West Khasi Hills came third with 8 gold, 6 silver and 11 bronze medals.
If you report quickly, the police will be able to provide assistance more quickly.
The State Government has approved the request of the households living in the metor area to allocate land for the construction of houses before they move out of their area. are valid now.
On the other hand, Lt Gen RP Kalita also welcomed the troops who took part in the Rhino Riders Motorcycle Rally organized by the Headquarters 101 Area.
"A three-month campaign was launched, in preparation for the week, through seven safety measures selected as areas of focus for teams to look at.
He was elected High Commissioner to Canada but turned down the post as he still wanted to become an MP to fulfill his dream of serving the people of this state.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,708 and the death toll to 1,0
As part of the security and livelihood of the people will not be affected; The government has taken measures to enforce some of the rules,” he added.
Mawkawah SC and Sawlad SC have shared 10 points each in the NDSA Premier League Football Tournament 2023-24 after a 2-2 draw on Thursday.
He said that there are many complaints between the two villages in relation to the border dispute and most of the time they have been urged not to take the law into their own hands and any border dispute should be resolved in court.
Campaigning for the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang at Krang village today, Prestone said the ethnic parties have tried to mislead.
We are proud of you and we will protect you and your actions,” he said.
The reports on this inspection have not been received.
Residents of Baghjan area, Tinsukia district on the 9th of this month have lodged an FIR against Oil India Ltd (OIL) following the leakage of gas from an oil well. .
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today announced that the Government of India has decided to increase the excise duty on petrol by T.8 per liter and diesel by T.6 per litre.
Likewise, the Khasi children, such as Mount Sohpetbneng, Mount Shillong and others.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the ban on coal mining by the Indian government has created many problems for those who make their living from coal mining.
Those who apply through this Minority Scheme are not sure that all the children will receive food allowances, and they will waste time and money trying to register under this scheme. .
You have won in many constituencies but the Congress has won.
Connect Eat 8.
After learning of the news that the BSF were guarding the Petrol Pump, the Village Leaders immediately went to the scene to talk to the BSF, but the BSF refused. However, without listening or refusing to leave the houses of the people to patrol the border.
Police have registered a case and in the evening they have raided the village of Bah Shanbor.
“It used to be the custom that parents, when they got married, wanted to have children, but we have been waiting and being mothers and fathers until these days,” they said. Your complaint is in court.
However, the Dorbar Shnong has laid down the rules that these residents must follow strictly the directives of the government especially that they must not leave their homes and compounds at all until they have completed the You are not in quarantine.
“This has severely affected the income of the state especially in terms of tourism,” said the Chairman of the MTDF. It is hoped that the civil society will think and when they take up any issues they will go in a peaceful and orderly manner.
From time to time, there are cases of theft, robbery, murder, robbery, rape or violence against women and children where there is no longer that peace in the society especially the women and the children.
Then Babu Will went to Calcutta.
“Take this and go to the Rangbah Shnong and give this letter.
Those who attended the function included Umroi MLA, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, KN Kumar IAS, Principal Secretary, IR Sangma IAS, Secretary and Director C&RD, Ram Singh IAS, CEO; MSRLS and Director Fisheries, DC Ri Bhoi, CP Gotmare, Bah George V Lyngdoh, Joint Mission Director, SRES, officers from various government departments, Syiems, Sirdars, Rangbah Shnongs and leaders VECs, SHGs and Job Card Holders.
Fortunately, the pla book she was carrying fell on a rock in the middle of the river and she managed to hold on until the residents of Lawkhla Mawlong Village came to help and rescue her. an.
The Election Commission has directed Phidalia to submit her reply within two days.
“We have decided to oppose this Bill of the Mukul government,” said Bah Pasi.
At the same time, the people are requested to attend the meeting to hear the speeches of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the Party and Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the Party. He is also the party's MP candidate in the upcoming elections.
“The closure of the bridge is not intended to harass the people or cause any inconvenience but to prevent any danger that may occur if measures are not taken,” he said. said Ratnakar Singh.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 21: The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) today held an awareness program on the dangers of drugs and other drugs as part of the campaign, Nasha The Mukti Abhiyan, launched by the Government of India with the aim of making India free from alcohol and drugs, was held at Dkhiah Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills District.
Then, more and more times passed to reach that goal.
The JSM also had a meeting with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District along with the handover of a letter, in which the DC promised to remove the Tax Gate which is located within the boundary of the JSM. Meghalaya, while to the CEM of JHADC, the party has sent only a letter.
Iolang Sana (65.79) scored the first goal for Iong I Dahi FC while Myrjai scored the second goal in the 77th minute.
The availability of competent and transparent rulers who are responsible for the welfare of the youth to guide and develop them through the introduction of development projects that will pave the way for income generation and unemployment also depends. in the understanding of parents and all adults to share responsibility by showing maturity when taking important decisions during the election of leaders every five years by Respect and sanctify the leaders who shall exercise the rule of law and not be misled by others to violate their powers or precious rights enshrined in the Constitution of our country. .
Siddique, who played twice in the first-class match in 2018, scored 10 runs in four innings.
The affected people are not only from the storm, but also from the cold, where some vehicles have been damaged due to the cold. whose grave inscriptions have been destroyed by the Frost.
How can this happen if the race is in our women?
Until now, we have been living under the threat of Karbi insurgents who have been robbing us of money and threatening us,” said the Union in a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. Everyone.
Regarding the Language, the Chief Guest said that as a nation, we must preserve our Language in our daily use.
The wife and son of an Additional Sessions Judge were shot dead by their own security guard in Gurgaon today.
According to information received, the incident happened last night when a sudden fire broke out near the house of Mahesh Devkota. Dozens of fire brigade vehicles have been lined up to extinguish the fire, but due to the strength of the flames, the fire has been destroyed. Fortunately, no casualties were reported.
The products of the region are well marketed not only in the country but also abroad.
JOWAI: Dr. B Challam inaugurated the creche, a children's center run by the Panaliar Women's Welfare Organization (PWWO) on Tuesday.
Last month, about 14 workers were released from Naraina in Delhi during a raid conducted by BBA, SDM Delhi Cantonment, Labor Department. and the police force.
The unemployment issue is not the election.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he found the child on the road near the office of the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR), Lachumiere. The bird was handed over to the Wildlife Office in Lachumiere.
Necessary information, announcements or advertisements from Government departments to all residents shall be in Khasi.
Then there were other transfers from the old to the new.
It was also shown how many Bangladeshis from Pramanik's hometown danced and celebrated on the day Pramanik was elected as the Minister of State for Home Affairs.
PFR Football Academy beat Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team 5-4 in the semi final match played at Mairang today.
While the population of the village, including the youth, has increased in terms of education and other jobs, the area as a whole has declined.
To say that there are schools that have not renewed their textbooks in 2023, ten years before the publication of new textbooks, is too stupid.
In recent days, a video has circulated showing the speech of the President of India at the 23rd (twenty-third) Summit of Indigenous Peoples held at the United Nations.
In this regard, the union is angry after seeing and finding the backwardness of this hospital and what is more upsetting to the union leaders is that the government has neglected this area after more than 12 years of receiving. District but the government has not taken action to provide health facilities.
Meyoo Pde scored the first goal for Sohmynting in the 75th minute.
MHIS was launched in 2013 and since then, it has benefited the people of the District and the State as a whole by assisting them in paying for medical treatment at Hospitals. especially the poor people of the district.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, Bah R Dhar, SDSEO Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Vincent Nianglang, Village Leaders.
Rev.HCT Sumer said that it is a great honor for the Khasi people to celebrate the 22nd July as Thomas Jones Day.
The National Level Award was based on the performance reports of the College through various committees including the National Service Scheme (NSS) Unit which has worked hard in the past years.
KHNAM led by President Youth Wing Thomas Passah has strongly opposed the government's secret plan and said that it will continue to monitor the matter to prevent the government from allocating land. sha that border soldier.
“About 40% of the work has been completed and because we have received this grant of 400 tyngka from the central government we will be able to pay the bills and buy the pipes,” said the Minister of PHE. I would like to thank all the officers and engineers of the department who have worked hard to achieve the target and it is through them that we have received this award. “There is no money from the central government,” said Bah Thongkhar.
Shillong: On the 2nd of November 2021, a girl child was abducted from Mawlai Iewrynghep.
At this meeting, it was decided that it is not yet possible to open the market, especially at this time when the state is still in the midst of the struggle to curb the spread of Covid-1
“Bah Dip has sent information that he wants to join the BJP but as the BJP does not have a Mandal in North Shillong, the arrangements are underway from which unit he will join,” said Bah Shibun.
It is also true that mercy and condemnation of the guilty is an insult to the sick and the innocent.
In the men's category, Ram Passah and Tuleiitre Kyndiah (WJH) defeated Donfar Nongsiej and Rayden D Syiem (WKH).
We must also develop our righteous duties, which include righteous duties and responsibilities, before God – the treasure of our Creator, earthly life.
I appreciate the efforts of the SRT to take the KPA but I am sorry that the SRT members were born at a time when we as a nation have gone through thousands of years to take the KMIE. There is no change in the KYNRUM KYNRAM IN THE SHONGKHA SHONGMAN OR THE CHILDREN OF ANNA WHO HAVE BEEN KLUMAR IN THE SHONGKHA.
He returned to Shillong a few years ago in 2019 and it was here that he entered politics as one of the faithful and intelligent workers of the Congress party in the state.
JOWAI: The East Jaintia Hills Drivers Association (EJHDA) and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have expressed their strong anger over the lack of attention of the NHAI and the Meghalaya government to repair the road from Jowai to Silchar. it was full of holes everywhere.
The Minister also announced the names of endangered animals including the slow loris (Nycticebus caucang), the hog badger (Arctonync collaris cuvier).
Up to 6846 villages have been set up in Meghalaya, which means in all the major villages in the state, which will take about five years, to do these unplanned works.
Speaking on the right of foreigners to vote, he said, “All the citizens of Lum Garo, regardless of race, color and appearance, have the right to vote,” he said.
The objective of this program is to reduce the distance in terms of climate change in India by providing information and promoting dialogue on climate change. and GSS.This meeting provides a platform for those involved in the industry to have discussions and explore ways and means related to investment opportunities to promote economic development in the country. in a way that is right.
They also expressed the hope that the group will discover more species in the rural areas of Meghalaya.
The service was conducted by the Chairman Elect Rev.E.Nongpluh at 10 pm as a sign of encouragement to the students of KJP Synod Mihngi who came forward. SSLC and HSSLC examination of MBOSE, as well as Class- X, XII of ICSE and CBSE
Champion R Sangma, former DSP and Chairman of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), will contest against former Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma. The Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives, who led the Songsak in this session.
“Then what else shall we do...?” asked the mother. “Whatever you say, I will obey from now on,” said Rida. Panah listened carefully to hear what else the mother said. you can say.
Barcelona beat Manchester United 1-0 in the quarter-finals of the Champions League on Saturday night. The ball went straight to Barcelona's Luiz Suarez and he scored.
Similarly, if Kurat is an enemy of Tala, these are also tools that can be used to connect the life between a person who is in enmity.
Danve alleged that these countries have been able to mislead Muslims on the Citizenship Amendment (CAA) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC). They have won in the past, and now they have defeated the farmers.
He never controlled the ball or the car.
Those who drop out of school part-time without completing their studies are called drop-outs.
The Community Radio Stations in Nongstoin and Williamnagar are two of the 91 stations to receive these new transmitters.
The Chief Executive Officer, Tura Municipal Board, Rikse R Marak has presented the detailed report of the Beautification Project 2021 which was initiated and implemented through the Tourism Department in Tura, Jowai and Shillong. Phase 1 and about 78 sites have participated in the project.
Pynshailin Sangriang was sentenced after the court found through evidence that he was involved in the assault on the body of a 13-year-old girl. He was arrested under Section 4 of the POCSO Act.
So far, 8,672 people have been admitted to hospital in the state and the death toll has risen to 64, with six more deaths on Tuesday.
For example; The Nonglamin in Jowai is sure that he is a shikur or the same thymmei as the Nonglamin in Nongtalang or the Nonglamin in Pynursla or the Nonglamin in Nongpoh. and the other from Khliehriat, or even if they were far away from the country, they were blessed without doubt.
EMs now receive T.37,240 and T.3500 household allowance.
According to history, in 1835, when the British overthrew Rajendra Singh, the last Jaintia Syiem to rule the Jaintia Empire, The French divided the Jaintia Hills.
To blame others, it is easy for the Congress leaders, that this Government has no responsibility for the border issues.
Yes Earth Youth Corps and Rotary Club Shillong Heritage took part in the cleanliness drive to build the Umshyrphi River on Tuesday. Saturday.
In such a case, if there is anyone who does not claim to be a Lyngdoh or a Syiem without being elected by the longkur, that person's kur together with the Raid or the Hima shall be punished. judge and judge and punish severely.
However, they have been directed to strictly follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
His mother, brothers and sisters wondered where he got this skill.
So he agreed to sleep first.
This has prompted Bah Lambor as MLA to raise many issues on this issue and it was on July 24, 2022 during his inspection of the Sub Center that he said that how should it be done? open and commission before the end of April, 2022 by meeting all the requirements as well as the agreement with the land owner.
Gold jewelry immediately beautifies and encourages women.
He said that in the last four years they have been able to implement many programs and missions to bring about change and benefits for the farmers.
Officers and staff of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah JD Rymbai this morning.
This is the first time that MSA will take part in the Himalayan Swimming Meet, where other states will participate including teams from Sikkim, Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Siliguri and others. groups from this region and bordering Sikkim.
When inquired from the office of the Superintendent of Bholaganj LCS, it was learned that there was no blockade but the vehicles were not running and they could not comment on the blockade.
The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hill District Unit expresses its deep sorrow regarding the deterioration of the NH-6 and said that this is the main reason for the increasing number of traffic accidents in the area. this is the main road.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Nicky War, State Coordinator, said that the company was shocked by the allegation by a young woman that she has been employed in other jobs which do not match the training. find out from other women who went to school with her in the same place to find out the truth.
The Upper Terminal Point (UTP) will be built on an area of ​​2025 square meters at an altitude of 1633 meters above sea level. places to sell food and places to park vehicles.
He also alleged that this is just an exploitation by the bank employees as the Branch Manager is on leave.
Besides the income, the market has declined sharply and when you look at the situation in governance, society and trade, the big have become bigger, the small have become bigger. The rich became richer, the poor became poorer and poorer until even the food to cook at home was difficult to get.
The reason was that an evil spirit from Satan had entered through Herod.
The FDA said that steps have been taken to talk to the Food Safety authorities from other states, which have brought the Rahu fish to Mizoram.
Congress candidate Miani D Shira has defeated the NPP candidate in the mid-term elections in Ampati by more than 3,000 votes, according to a report broadcast on her television channel. India and also in the major Indian newspapers.
Tynsong said that today, the farmers' organizations have also requested the government that if it gives permission to use fertilizers, the government will help in providing these fertilizers. at the same price as in the past.
After a while, Umrynjah scored the fourth goal through Franky Kurbah in the 51st minute.
Shillong, June 12: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam are ready to start the boundary talks for seven areas. the judgment is still valid.
It is to be recalled that Mrs. Gandhi had brought Dr. Chenna Reddy to become a Minister in the Cabinet at the request of Brahmananda Reddy to overthrow Sanjeeva. Reddy.
“In what form of law can you reduce the age of the youth who are entitled to get the police job especially at this time of unemployment and especially the youth have become brave “Now to fill out the police posts and the time has come,” said Bah Adelbert.
In another development, the residents of Mapao Khullen under the leadership of Livingstone Zimic, retired DSP, have been able to take six other persons to Sekmai PS earlier. to happen any accidents.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President Witting Mawsor said that the HSPDP has closed the invitation for applications for the MDC elections. The first list will be announced on the 26th or 27th of this month, while for the second list those who wish to apply for tickets can still apply.
Furthermore, the Seng reminds that many of the students who want to take the examination are from low income families and the fact that they have to write the examination abroad has caused them a lot of trouble.
Wellson RD Siangshai together with Vice President Sh.
In our state, the investigation is over.
The Chairman of the Environment Committee of the village also gave a detailed speech on the measures taken by the village to protect the environment and the need especially to keep clean inside the village.
Love is the virtue of honor Love is the true righteousness Love is the knowledge of God Love is the pleasure of God Love is the understanding of these things Love is Blessing Love is the Light Love is the Truth Love is the Foundation Love is the Family Love is Life and Love is the First in the world and the beginning of our life is also love so if we have love we have all the things we want and if we have love we have that salvation and you Blei.
These directives are that the BSF officials should cooperate with the police officer who is investigating the incident.
The race will start from JN Stadium Gate No.1 – Polo Bazar – 4th Furlong – BK Bajoria Junction – BK Bajoria – PGT College – Shillong Commerce College – Shillong College – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Police Point – Laitumkhrah Police Beat House – Fire Brigade – St Edmund's School – Dhankheti – Malki Point – Barik Point – Civil Hospital – State Central Library – Meghalaya Secretariat – DC Office – Governor House – sha Wards Lake – CM Bungalow – Polo Tower – Polo Bazar and end at JN Stadium Gate No .1.
He said that after the clubs and groups have joined the RBDSA, they will also receive a certificate to recognize that they are the groups that have joined the RBDSA and the joining fee will be T.1500/- per club for 3 years.
Rudranksh Patil, Aishwary Pratap Singh Tomar and Divyansh Singh Panwar also won gold medals in the 10m men's air rifle.
Shillong: After the Government of India failed to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 in the Rajya Sabha today, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has celebrated in Shillong by marching around the city. Speaking to reporters, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has held a public meeting in these days. , protests and curfew against the Bill.
“To build a new airport requires a large area of ​​land and means a huge compensation that can reach hundreds of crores.
Earlier, the IMD used to give three days in advance notice of rainfall and floods. at least 7 days before next year.
“My dream is to make Meghalaya a Model State and to compete with other States in the country,” Conrad promised.
The song is composed by Wanstar Thabah and directed by Elvest Thabah.
After this, a public service was conducted by Homeland Lamar who also lit the sharak while Rupaia Lamar distributed words of encouragement to the members of the church.
In the first leg, Pyrkhat Paslein scored the goals for Moodymmai 3-1 in the 36th minute, Ngaitmi Syngkon in the 56th minute and Tangliang's goal came in the 62nd minute.
According to Dr Mawthoh, in public administration, a member has the right to express his or her views especially after being criticized and criticized and has to present the views that affect his or her family.
He urged the villagers to have a spirit of cooperation with the government so that they can protect the Myntang River and make it a Fish Sanctuaries.
Rephica Becky Pde finished second in 8 hours 47 minutes and 29 seconds.
Because the protest was in the middle of the city, many people passing by the center, journalists and others, saw and heard the sound of this demand. Garoland of the Achiks and they have also carried this message to other parts of the state.
Stephen said that God had said to Abraham – That your descendants would live in foreign lands.
The prize money for this tournament is T.50,0
Shillong, March 14: Every Saturday of the month is the day when the market dwellers pay the market tax once a month. on the Sabbath they gathered together on the Sunday for ten days.
It is also hoped that the present government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, will take action by allocating funds as soon as possible, so that the house can be built as a training center for the youth. reading of the whole western region, in various lines of study.
In the women's final, North Liberty Higher School beat Kiang Nangbah Higher School 2-0
The growing demand for clean technologies has led to increased extraction of primary minerals worldwide.
Besides this Bill, CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat will introduce a resolution and discuss it in the House.
Kant said it took about 200 hours of talks with groups of Indian leaders to reach a consensus on the G20 Declaration adopted at the Leaders' Summit.
The Dorbar Shnongs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills have been recognized as the only Khasi and Jaintia and not others who can participate in the administration of culture, society, where other non-Khasis or Jaintia cannot participate in the Village Council.
The old Ïingdorbar, which has witnessed many memorable events including the drafting and adoption of the Constitution, was completed in 1927 during the rule of the British Government.
He said that he has collected these stories in books so that these stories will remain forever in the memory of the nation and not be lost in the age of technology.
In this regard, it is easy for those who watch and criticize outside but only those who work and teach in colleges understand the difficulties in implementing the NEP because we still have many shortcomings that we need to get help from the NEP. government, NEHU and college authorities if they have to comply with the rules of NEP
Mondal said the rooftop solar plant is what many countries in the world have done and people should be encouraged to do this as it really helps to generate electricity.
“We will continue to ensure that the appointment of the new Vice Chancellor, will completely destroy the future of the university, where NEHU has also experienced the delay in performance, performance. The university has also experienced a shortage of funds in the last five years which has declined in the number and status of the university”.
He said he wants to encourage the youth to speak Hindi along with other languages.
Shillong, July 9: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has warned the employees of the electricity department that the union will work hard if they fail to provide adequate electricity in the area.
Dhoni made 90 Test and 350 ODI appearances and last made his ODI appearance on 9th November against New Zealand while his last Test appearance was on 26th November 2014 against in Australia.
Alam's lawyer had revealed the 70-year-old Minister's illness in the court, when he opposed the ED's remand demand. Sleep apnea, a condition in which there is a lack of breathing at night.
Benfica have finished the season with only four defeats in all competitions, with three defeats coming in just six days, in the month of June this year.
The descendants of Abraham and Lot were excepted for the lie, the sin, the blood, and the tyrud, the smer and the pynthame.
Now we have to take the advice of the Industries Department and our lawyers before taking any action.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : Although snooker has not yet become as popular as football or cricket, there are many people who enjoy playing it in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : IndiGoReach in collaboration with Grameen Sahara has joined hands to create social income generation activities by supporting about 1,670 women from 24 villages. small villages in the states of Assam and Meghalaya.
There were two candidates for the post of Rangbah Shnong, Bah Romel Lyngdoh and Bah RB Shadap, but in the election of the people of the village, most of the people voted for Bah Romel Lyngdoh. in which he visited Bah RB Shadap.
Banks and Post Offices are allowed to open but these workplaces should reduce the number of employees.
In South Garo Hills, 6 cases, 15 cases in South West Garo Hills and 28 cases in South West Khasi Hills. .
The complaint was lodged by KS Suchiang President Narpuh Circle in the presence of Phanuel Tongper.
This is extremely important.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman Waru on Tuesday said that the villagers should not feel that the covid-19 pandemic is only for the urban residents.
However, when attending the rally, it was shown that Donald Trump was wearing a mask behind his back and newspapers in the US and UK, showed publicly, in pictures, that Trump's mask was not in front of him. faithful to the zipp or shein, which is not available in all types of patlun.
Police have seized three mobile phones, about 50 grams of heroin worth about 30,000 tyngka.
They started the strike on the 22nd of this month and it continues today.
On this staircase, mothers can take their children and be safe from the rain, sun, wind.
The Governor said that despite many difficulties, teachers have done an invaluable service to shape the people, the society and the development of the country.
When we look back at the history of society in our nation, we witness the struggle for unity among ourselves.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, said that he has not received any word from the Prime Minister to appoint ministers.
“We will not talk anymore if Dr RC Laloo is called,” said Bah Nongsiang and added that only if Dr Mukul Sangma is called, they will go to talk.
Immediately after the incident, the residents and police from Umkiang tried to search for the drivers but could not find them. Twenty trucks have escaped even though the truck has fallen into the river, but it is reported that they have escaped from the incident because they have been stuck in the trees above the ground.
“When we take any decision we will take it for the safety of all the people and if there is a problem we will talk to the department, but the safety is the most important thing,” he said.
These Three Feasts above represent the DEATH OF JESUS, THE BURIAL OF JESUS, AND THE RESURRECTION OF JESUS ​​FROM THE DEAD. This means that these go hand in hand until the day of His Resurrection.
Speaking on the faithful service of the employees of various departments in the district, the Lamphang urged them to work harder in their service to the people of the district in the coming years. follow.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinI am one of the primary school teachers in the village who has been teaching for 36 years.
Only those who have experienced such a tragedy understand that.
This is the right path and will set an example for others to come forward by ending the violence.
Yediyurappa said the agreement was to work together in four constituencies, adding that Amit Shah has agreed to give four Lok Sabha constituencies to the JD. (S).
“They need the support of the public, the private sector and especially the Government to improve,” said Anuja Bansal, Secretary General of SOS Children's Villages.
The Rangbah Shnong said that after they encountered the problem that the Assam authorities did not allow them to bury the body in the area, they informed the Nongmihkhmat to discuss the matter. the problem they faced.
“That morning, he left Mawsynram and I couldn't talk to him all day.
In South West Khasi Hills, 6.4%, in Ri-Bhoi, 6.2% and in East Khasi Hills, 5.8%.
The report also said that instead of these players, other players who have not yet developed will be replaced; The two are now looking forward to getting fit for the ATP 1000 tournament in Indian Wells which will start on the 8th of this month.
In other reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Assam on 8th June 2019 to inaugurate necessary projects in Assam and will also visit Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh. on that day.
At the same time, the KSU Mawlai Circle is proud to extend its condolences to those who have been protesting, and also to those families who have suffered especially those who have been arrested for this protest. Shillong, Nailur 20: A house has been destroyed by a fire at Mairang Mission Dongmawbynrap on Friday evening.
The arrest before the work was started, is related to a wise saying, "In wisdom, and in courage"
I said to him, 'Yes, I know that you sent me, but the people there respect those good organizations.
Julius Dorphang, a former Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) before becoming an MLA, has been charged under Section 366 (A) IPC and registered a case against him. under section 3 (a)/4 of the POCSO Act and section 5 of the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act (ITPA).
On the other hand, Bah Reynold Dkhar President of RBYF Mawhati Circle said that the RBYF Mawhati Circle is deeply saddened to see that the company has dug and destroyed the Umiam River by quarrying stones from the river to build the RBYF. The union also promised that if there is any serious damage to the river especially to the fish that live in the river, the DCC company and the PWD department should take responsibility.
Furthermore, Bah Pyniaid said that they can mislead the people only once and not twice and now the people have become clearer when talking about many issues.
Liquor shops recognized by the government authorities have been allowed to open for seven days, from 18th to 23rd July 2020 from 9 am to 4 pm in East Khasi Hills District and its surrounding areas. Civil Sub Division Sohra, Pynursla and shops allowed to open daily are, pharmacies, wholesale and retail, veterinary shops and veterinary clinics, petrol pumps, food shops, car manufacturing factories, truck manufacturing plants on the highways, self-employed workers, light manufacturers, water pipe manufacturers, computer manufacturers and wooden mystery shops.
The defeat of the Congress, especially in Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan, which it has ruled for three years, shows that the party will have to work harder if it wants to return to power in Delhi.
The dewbilat produced through the wet plant process has been marketed throughout the North East and even abroad because of its quality and strength.
Nongtdu was also the former President of the MPCC from 1996 to 2000 and from June 2005 to November
Therefore, this announcement by the Assam Government will serve as a message to the people of the state who have visited Assam to know and understand what they need to do in the future.
Many people these days have a hard heart without fear of God and without respect for others, only for themselves. but it happens in our country too, from the lowest to the greatest, the rule of greed in this life in the body without thinking where the soul will go, because these things that man has are not they are not yours, but they are God's.
When he won the election, people from the rich to the poor came to congratulate him, not to eat.
The religious leaders of the major religions, whether Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, or Hindu, treat others with contempt.
Mairang, Lber 3: As part of the explanation and guidance to the students of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, on the employment opportunities in the field of hospitality, including employment through tourism, the Mairang C&RD Block, in collaboration with the Indian Institute of Hotel Management Shillong, today conducted an explanation and training program for the students of the area who intend to study at the Mairang C&RD Block. this line.
Hema started her canvass from Mathura and sat on a tractor and showed her victory sign.
He said that the 'har ghar jhanda' program should be conducted with a strong spirit, in which every household should welcome the Lama of the country with pride.
Until now, Meghalaya has only the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 which relates to the Inner Line Permit but even this Act has not yet been fully implemented. Even after four years, the Government has been able to set up only one Entry Point to check foreigners entering Meghalaya.
The UDP's complaint against Bah Pynshngain for the misuse of Council funds will also be an opportunity for the Congress government to remove Bah Pynshngain who has been suspended for three years from the party. accusations against the organization.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of PWD, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the delay in the construction of the Shillong-Tamabil Road by the NHIDCL is due to the negligence of the NHIDCL. landlords rather than their lands.
He said that his father had a close relationship with the people of Dulu and he always said that these people need development.
On the same day, North Liberty Higher Secondary School has honored all its students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations (Arts and Science Stream) for the year The School also honored the athletes who won gold medals and distributed special awards known as Creative Minds.
Man is one, God is another.
On the other hand, the AITC today alleged on social media that even after 50 years of independence, the NPP-led MDA government has not been able to provide services to the people since reading is the dangle of children to young people.
Besides, BSF troops also seized 73 cows from the East Jaintia Hills border while the smugglers were taking them to the Bangladesh border for smuggling.
On the 28th of November, Niaw Wasa will play against Sailung Ialong at 1:30 pm.
The girl was identified as Walinda Binong and is the daughter of Bah Rubi Binong and Kong Kobita Syiem of Nongagang Marngar village in Ri-Bhoi district.
The Waheh Shnong Mukhla Nongrim, Ma Muhon Sari, congratulated the MDC for being willing to distribute the tins to the deserving families and wished him the best of luck in helping the people in need.
“Today I felt sorry for a man in Motphran who had an accident with a taxi.
“In my meeting with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, I will urge her to ensure that the investigation into violence against women should be completed within the stipulated timeframe,” she said. Speaking to reporters during her visit to the state.
THE LAST ENEMY THAT SHALL BE BROUGHT IS DEATH.—1 Corinthians 15:25-2
It is learned that the cover, is synjor and this causes the oxygen to enter directly into the nar, which blows air to the place of covid patients.
When everything is complete, we will discuss how to proceed," he said.
Therefore, the people should not misunderstand or count dew thala to leave the village work alone.
If the NPP is not willing to send the UDP out of the MDA government as it has done to the KHNAM and BJP, it is biased.
In this regard, police said that nothing dangerous was found in the area where the drone flew.
The names of the patients, written by Sarma in his tweet, are “Cancer:
Regarding the land in Laitduh, Daiñthlen and Weisawdong, the Dorbar Shnong Umblai warns that there may be those who sell or buy land in these areas. The KHADC has not yet issued a decision.
The union has decided to meet with the authorities in charge of the matter because if it is delayed, it will affect the people who come for treatment and treatment at the CHC. to oppose the installation and implementation of smart meters by the MEPDCL office in Jaintia Hills to all villages without public explanation and without the approval of the villages as it will affect the cost of services if they are The high cost of electricity especially for the poor will make it difficult for them to buy or replace meters and pay for electricity at high prices.
Khliehriat, June 18: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPP) Khliehriat Circle today held a meeting with the President of the Meghalaya People's Front (MPP) Khliehriat Circle, Bah Spon Blah. They have lodged a petition in front of the office of the Executive Engineer of MeECL at Mowakhu, East Jaintia Hills, regarding the lack of electricity in Khliehriat East Pohshnong.
Gulgul Sangma of EGH took five wickets and five balls in the same over.
Why is this said because according to the laws and procedures, the schemes must have proper figures, how much rot or cement, how much shyiap or mawria, how many skilled workers or unskill labor, another for the construction of a Community Hall the cost is 7,50,000/-, the wages are 150,000/- and the cost of materials is Materials – 6,00000/- (Three lakh rupees).
These students have passed the final examinations of MBOSE for the year 2022 – 23 including Secondary School Leaving Certificate, Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate, Graduate, Degree, Engineering, Doctor, Nursing, Automobile Engineering and other other.
When asked on what grounds he has left his job and reached the point of being cut off his salary, the answer received from him is that he does not have a salary. However, during the current lockdown, he did not have difficulty in getting commercial vehicles to reach the workplace, that is the reason why he was accused of not working. and also to be completely deprived of the reward he deserves.
The Chief Minister said the government's goal is to train young people who have the skills to attract foreigners.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad said that a change of mindset should be brought about in order to bring about a change in the Khadar system and the state as a whole.
For more information, please call 9863142184, 7085885671,
If you claim to be responsible, you should not throw us on the streets again or deprive the children of the right to go to school without teachers,” warned the Seng.
The Chief Minister convened another review meeting on Saturday to get information on the return of the students.
Shylla said that the District Council has demanded from the state government to suspend the company which is currently installing signboards. If they do not get approval, they cannot force the District Council.
He also praised the volunteers who came forward to donate their blood and said that the BSF troops are ready to serve their fellow citizens besides protecting the border of the country.
The band appeared in the 60s and 70s and KISS lead singer Paul Stanley in an interview with Kylie Olsson, the director of Download, spoke about the biopic. all members to achieve it.
The Central Government has declared this day as a working day for all government offices.
For example, the so-called Nongtalang Elaka, the word elaka is a foreign language, but its original name is 'Khiar u Ria Sengot Hympyio Lyngdoh'
It would be good for the government before implementing this, to consult with the stakeholders, so that the implementation can go smoothly without interruption or affect anyone.
Referring to the expenditure of T.1.35 crore by the KHADC, Adelbert said that it is only a waste of public money and all this is only for the benefit of the contractors while the cleanliness is not. don something.
Speaking to reporters, HNLC Ksiang Sadon Blah said that so far there is no concern for the HNLC members who are still in the peace talks between the state government and the central government.
This is the most difficult thing to do.
Explaining, Bah Nikelson said that in fact the permission to hold this program was received from the SDO Civil Sub Division Pynursla about 10 months ago.
Shillong: U Minister of Electricity, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday said that the demand of the Sengbhalang to remove MK Chettri is groundless, as Chettri is an engineer. Speaking to reporters, James said there have been allegations that Chettri is not qualified to hold the post of Director Distribution in MeECL. However, in fact, Chettri is the Senior Most Engineer at MeECL and is qualified to hold the post of Director Distribution.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem said that the BSF troops should protect the people living on the border, but to force the people who are Indians is not peaceful.
However, it is the right of the VPP to receive praise in terms of promoting the spirit of patriotism and standing firm in earning rights and living a human life.
During the tests, it was found that only Demthring and Mawblei villages have access to safe drinking water for health.
The damage is estimated at 25 lakh tyngka.
After this match, Shillong Lajong will play their final match against Jamshedpur FC on Saturday at 2 pm at the same stadium.
Even from the entrance of the Iewduh, the Motphran and the taxis, they did not run; There was also a stir at the Student Square, Jaiaw Pdeng, but the square was quiet and crowded, as soon as the sound of risa, put and tem, came out, with the arrival of the Mawlai residents. Those who arrived at the same time and those who walked from Madan Heh, Phudmuri to St. Joseph's Hospital and Robert Hospital.
"The Dorbar Pyllun of the Hynniew Shnongs has expressed its concern over the violence of the Syiem of Raid Tynring, Balajied Sing Syiem, in appointing the Sordar C Aikom Diengdoh without the knowledge of the people. Ride.
As elected leaders, we have the right to elect whom we want, but it happens that when we elect we don't have a good basis and that's why there is a difference between one party or another. to another.
“We know that the students who come to study at this college are from rural areas and low income and it is the duty of the government to provide this college so that it will be equal to others,” he said. said.
The smile and the conversation with his mother began to disappear.
“The money deposited by the people in the banks in the state is very high but our money has been given outside the state,” said Dr Donkupar.
To Noah God said, “Make thee an ark of gopher wood; and make rooms in the ark, and pitch it within and without with pitch” (Genesis 6:14).
The accident occurred between a Night Super bus (ML 05 T 8381) coming from Guwahati and an Auto Pickup truck (ML 05 Q 6343) coming from the opposite direction.
Earlier, on the 4th of this month, the ANTF of East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills and the Ladrymbai OP Police had seized 70.43 gms of Heroin from two places in the area. in Shillong.
Therefore, we have allocated 7 acres of land to the MCA and the remaining 12 acres will be used for football and basketball.
The second was held at Kiang Nangbah College in collaboration with the Kiang Nangbah Students' Union.
Shillong: Hundreds of villages in the northern part of Ri Bhoi District have been without electricity for three nights since Friday night. The village has not yet received electricity.
The Sordar of Raid Nongkhlieng has already sent a letter informing the office of Syiem Khyrim, the District Council Office (KHADC) and the office of the DC East Khasi Hills District that they can no longer register their property. Phonis Khongstid, Sordar of Nongkhlieng Khyrim Syiemship, has taken over the land without the consent of the Sordar.
On the other hand, the Mawsynram MLA congratulated the Chief Minister for announcing the upgradation of the Mairang Civil Sub Division to the District. the development of the state as a whole.
According to media reports, 783 Indians were evacuated by plane, of whom 237 were from Delhi and others from different parts of India. Four Indians returned home immediately after the incident on Saturday.
Sientremi Rongi scored the goals in the 54th and 68th minutes and DrVD Sangahiwot Rymbai in the 74th minute.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has decided to send a letter to the Prime Minister and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to convene a special session of the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue. on the implementation of the Roster System and the allocation of jobs in the state on the basis of the decision of the Meghalaya High Court, issued on 3rd June,
Unfortunately, science has not yet found a cure for this disease and it may take a long time until we have a cure for humans, or to destroy the lyer jaboh, which is around us.
Shun powder or dpei ding are quick to clean and clean the waterless soil and thus make it easier for the farmers to go to the fields to plant rice but sadly the nutrients are lost. known as nitrogen and phosphorus contained in UREA and SSP fertilizers, once cleaned or cleaned, they harden and combine like household fertilizer and do not water anymore and thus the plant does not get any nutrients from but only a small amount of natural fertilizers such as cow dung, cow dung or pig manure which was added at the time of planting.
When asked whether they are still willing to stay in this place, she said, “I will not leave my house, let those who are poor leave”.
Let us be sincere and not to glorify ourselves lest we become discouraged.
The RDA meeting is scheduled to be held on the 19th of November, and this will be the last meeting to take a decision on the election of the candidate. and on that day all the work went well.
Modi's biggest achievement is this: MODI HAS GIVEN 1.36 CROR CITIZENS ON 15 LACS PER CITIZENS IN INDIA. Shillong: A truck (ML 06 5885) on Tuesday morning, 9th July 2022, at 10 am, collided with a truck carrying lyntang. , which was coming down from Hynniewmer to Shillong, has turned into a lyndang on the highway, opposite the lat to Lummawbah.
This kind of insulting politicians is in our blood, don't you know why? Before the elections, we all sit down, we criticize someone and we criticize him/her whom we don't like.
The demand for electricity is high, but the existing projects can produce only a small amount of electricity especially during the dry months.
“Until now, there has been no discussion on the road, not on the struggle for power,” said Bah Bindo.
Speaking on the retreat held on Saturday, he said that the purpose of the retreat is to build the minds of the young leaders and young people of the Church and more importantly to introduce them to the They should love God, be farsighted, think with a broad mind because through them the Church, the society, the country and the nation can be built.
There was a 10-minute silence in honor of Prof. Evanton W. Reade Syiem.
The reservation policy as it stands has not yet recognized the economically weak sections and the disabled.
Fourteen schools including Om Roy Higher Secondary School, Kyntonmassar, Christian Church SS, Mawlai Syllakariah, St. Francis HSS, Kyntonmassar, Sacred Heart Boys HSS, Mawkhar Christian Morning SS, Syllakariah, May Queen SS, Mawlai Nongpdeng, Sunray SS, Mawlai Nonglum, St. Alloysius SS, Kyntonmassar and Mawlai Presbyterian HSS, Jaiawrynghep Pearly Dew and St. Ann.
Therefore, this law will be implemented through searches, raids and others.
Another finding of the survey is that 23 percent of the children do not attend school.
In 2023, he announced that his net worth has increased to T 53 crore.
Before Sajar Nangli and his men left Thadlaskein for Nartiang District, he dug a pond at Thadlaskein which is still known as Thadlaskein Pond.
Referring to the peace and good relations between the various groups in Shillong and the North East, Shri Satya Pal Malik, Hon'ble Governor, assured the group that he would personally communicate all this to the leaders of the country in the Central Government.
However, the meeting was successful and we have decided to meet in the second month of July 2024,” said Prestone.
The BJP Meghalaya has held a public rally against the anti-India protest by a group of students at Jawahalal Nehru University (JNU) in New Delhi in recent days. Afzal Guru was arrested in 2013 and Parliament was arrested in
All the residents of the village are requested to come together and the shops within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Qualapatty should be closed on that day to take part in the cleanliness drive from 8 pm.
The candidates for the 2018 MLA election from Mawkyrwat constituency are Rowell Lyngdoh of the NPP, Hadrian Lyngdoh of the PDF, Renikton Lyngdoh of the HSPDP, Enbin K. KHNAM and Carnes Sohshang from the Congress.
“We request the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is also the Minister of State and the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency Santa Mary Shylla to inform the Government about the opposition of the people to “The infiltration of foreigners and the infiltration of foreign authorities into East Jaintia Hills is very high because there is no one to monitor and no one to control,” said Bah Blah. The state has been working independently in East Jaintia Hills because there is no support for it.
Also present to celebrate the occasion were the President and Chief Executive Officers of Don Bosco Past Pupils, Shillong Unit; by the Ph.D.
In the year 1829 when peace was concluded between Duwakdar and British East India Company, with the aid and assistance of the local educationists, the one and the only Middle school (minor) blossomed forth with many bright and promising scholars.
The angels said, “Why are you looking for the living among the dead? He is not here, but is risen. Remember how he told you when he was still in Galilee" Luke 24:4-7 / Mark 16:1-6
Deibormi Rangad of Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the man of the match and the award for the most wickets in the tournament.
Faleiro understands that his speeches are no longer relevant to other parts of India and finds that perhaps his words still enter the hearts of the people of Khasi Jaintia ( although not in Garo Hills) and that is why he is happy to raise the voice against CAB, the voice of accusations against the indigenous parties, on the basis of NEDA and other words, which he They are the central subjects in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Primary schools should start from 9:00 pm to 1:00 pm, Upper Primary schools should start from 9:00 pm to 1:00 pm. Secondary Schools shall start from 9:00 pm to 3:00 pm and Higher Secondary Schools shall start from 9:00 pm to 3:00 pm. at 3:30 p.m.
It is a shame for the whole nation when we turn to Ïewduh, and it doesn't matter that it is the 'pliang ja' of the Khasi because no one ever pollutes the plate we use to eat.
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle, on receiving information that the Ford Company has set up a showroom at Mawlai Mawïongrim Village, has withdrawn and will no longer set up its showroom at the site. The Mahindra Company has taken over the land.
“And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free” Matthew 8:31-3
Another question is whether the teacher has any relationship with the government ministers until he receives government salary from the two schools alone.
New Delhi: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Rajendra Pal Gautam today resigned as a government minister in Delhi after attending a conversion meeting. which has been conducted in the past few days.
Narwan village is 95 kilometers from Shillong and 34 kilometers from Jowai.
She said that if she as a leader finds it difficult to pay for transportation, how much more the people.
Before assuming office as Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari was the Governor of West Bengal and was sworn in on 24th November 2014 and at the same time he was also the Governor of Bihar. and was sworn in on November 27,
Now is the time to change your mind, tomorrow never comes.
“It is not easy to look after your children because I myself as a mother and as a leader understand that it is not an easy task,” she said. One strategy, one power against these evil drinks.
A Dohling said that as a leader he has selected the Khasi Mawphlang Association to take part in the performance in Arunachal Pradesh.
“And at present, we feel that the existence of NESAC has not been used properly,” he added.
Meghalaya Education Minister Rakkam A. Sangma today said that the State Government has decided not to have a special reading of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Larity. and the ancient artifacts for the students of the state.
He said that the Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) will build a Rehabilitation Center in Mawlai Village to provide treatment to the youth who have decided to break the chain of addiction. shah is a slave to drugs.
The GHADC Forest Department on the other hand has promised not to punish those who violate the law.
This was announced in a statement issued by IPS Superintendent of Police (City) on Monday.
The BJP in Jharkhand will contest all 14 Lok Sabha constituencies in the 2024 Assembly elections.
Shillong, Nailur, 28: U DP Leader and former Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that no one is greater or smaller to change the past or history. only with a one-line statement.
“We have not talked to the DC to give any approval to the DC to order to open the Tala, we have come only to clarify before the DC,” said Fenry Khonglah.
We know that it is politics but the issue of the nation should not be ignored.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Seng Khasi Raid Nongkrem on Saturday inaugurated the Thang Briew Cemetery at Kharbuli village in Nongkrem district. The meeting was attended by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem Constituency, Senior Forest Officers including Bah S Nongsiej, office bearers of the Seng Khasi Raid Nongkrem including Bah M Syiem, President, Bah C. Members of the Sein Raij Jowai including Ma OR Challam, Chairman of the Raid Nongkrem, Bah B Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Raid Nongkrem, Bah B Lyngdoh, Members of the Sein Raij Jowai. Lambor Nongrum, elders, women, youth and children of the Seng Khasi Raid Nongkrem and others.
Dondee said the minister had told them that the reason for the power outage in the state is due to the long-term debt and the government has struggle to find solutions to these problems.
The Minister has also set a deadline for the ASHA workers to come back after 10 days to decide whether the government accepts or not their demand to be included in the Minimum Wage. shall be paid at the daily rate.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies R Marak, said that the police have arrested the suspect and are conducting investigation.
Shillong, March 9: In these days, there has been a report from some pig farmers that they have found that there are different breeds of pigs at the time of slaughter and these pigs are slow. mop mop of the blood and then they have a clean body, but it's slow.
In fact, according to the DPR, the rules should be followed exactly, the soil should be tested, and the clearing of the hills should not be slow, said the working president of the UDP. and all the way through the road was steep, like the way of the mountains.
“As usual, the selection test should be 100 marks without 20 marks,” said a teacher.
Through an initiative like Mission LiFE, we aim to empower individuals and society as a whole to become change agents to preserve the environment.
On the other hand, UDP East Khasi Hills President TW Chyne said that he has not yet received any information on this as it is up to the UDP circle to complete its work before reaching the district.
Kiewshaphrang Football Club, which won the third place, won two Khasi goats.
Sharing information as the chief guest, Bah Nongpluh said that the Right to Information (RTI) Act 2005 is essential to bring about transparency and transparency in the working of government departments.
Where is my mother and father?” asked Hep. “They went to the mountains but they didn't come.
“ACHIK has demanded from the government to implement the Reservation Roster from the beginning but the government has not listened yet.
The Government should immediately order these factories to provide STPs, ETPs or waste disposal sites and to release them into the rivers and discharge into the Lukha River.
He said that parents in Jaintia Hills have been forced to send their children back from their studies abroad due to the sudden impact of the drought.
He said this when asked how he feels about the reemergence of an armed group in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills known as the National Liberation Council of Rural Areas.
Education Secretary: Starwell Chyrmang 11.
“The slaughter of the two goats called Lang-Suitïew is for the sake of the market, the Lang-synshar for the good of governance and the khaddar in the raid as a whole,” he said. informed the minister.
Shillong, March 11: The General Secretary of the MSOA, Bah Finely L Pariat, today announced that Meghalaya has decided to participate in nine sports events in the Myanmar National League for Democracy (MSOA). The National Games will be held in Goa.
He said that if he comes to power in the District Council, he will have many goals and one of them is the strengthening of the trade licence, the bill licence, the strengthening of the district authorities. Council, “You see when you go to check for a license, the Enforcement (KHADC police) shoot you, you will see what will happen,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Jaiaw.
It has become the turn of the age to wake people up from their sleepless nights.
Replying to this, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “I am an athlete.
Under the PMKSK programme, about 2, 80,000 fertilizer shops are being converted into hubs for farmers.
Bah RV Warjri, former Ambassador of India to the World was the chief guest along with N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Shillong and A Lakiang. Deputy Secretary to the Governor, Raj Bhavan Shillong as the chief guest.
Assam Rifle Public School (ARPS) from East Khasi Hills, Saiden Secondary School from Ri-Bhoi District and HK Singh Secondary School from West Jaintia Hills have won the State Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament .
After Sanbor left the NCP to join the BJP, Ricky Shullai also left the party and became an independent MDC but today he joined the UDP. Jowai: Jowai North MDC Marki Mulieh has left the BJP party and has sent his resignation letter to the KHADC. The President of the Party is Shibun Lyngdoh.
As time went by and the age of Syntu, who was still in her young age, many young men offered to marry her and she refused all the offers because of her thinking. she fled to the father of her son, whom she loved.
Regarding the removal of Kong Phidalia Toi from the post of Chairperson, the Minister said that he will inform this at the Cabinet meeting along with all the reasons to put forward and also to take the recommendations from members of the Cabinet.
“There were only three Government Medical Colleges in Telangana during the 60 years of rule of Andhra Pradesh before the partition.
They were taken to another place with only water and kept there for 2 weeks in a houseboat.
On this occasion, Ms Ampareen asked whether this was just a statement by Bah Thangkhiew, or whether it was welcomed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah at the Secretariat. please him.
After a meeting with state government officials at the Main Secretariat, Shillong, Bhabhor said that the department under his jurisdiction will provide full financial support to the Meghalaya government. the role of managing and implementing development activities.
ACHIK has demanded the implementation of the Roster System at the same time to make Tura the rainy season capital of the State which has seen a long way since the struggle for independence, more than 50 years. ago.
These games were inaugurated by the Minister, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh who announced the MTS & CC which has been organizing this game every year. They should be smart and stingy especially in education, obedient to their parents and knowledgeable of God the Creator. thaw.
“I have informed the Government of India that we will proceed with the work after discussions with various groups in the State.
Now once again we will vote for the MLA elections in
The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has joined the National Federation of New States (NFNS), which is a group demanding a full state in India.
“This situation demands that something should be done immediately so that the connectivity to Shillong will not be cut off due to the lack of another bridge at this dam,” she said.
In the semi final, Meghalaya will face third placed Arunachal Pradesh in Shillong on dates to be announced later.
Shillong, March 2020: The Shillong Wine Festival will be held on the 12th of November 2022 at the Shillong Wine Festival. Meghalaya India Scouts and Guides, Shillong from 10 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: About 30 families whose houses were destroyed in Umsawli and Mawlong Mawtari have held a protest at Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah.
He said that there are about 20 to 25 employees who have worked for a long time but receive a salary of T.3000 per month, some of them T.4000 per month. “There are also those who have been receiving T.5000 per month or more for a long time – they will continue to receive the same salary,” he said.
However, I am happy that on the last day the leaders knew our problem and used our own language (Khasi).
On this occasion, the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat (SSSM) held a short meeting at Phot Umnew. The meeting was conducted by the Assistant Secretary of the Environment Cell, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Shillong: The District Election Officer, Ri Bhoi District, has informed that any party, which wishes to invite election candidates to their meetings, should He said that anyone who violates the rules will be prosecuted according to the rules of law.
Therefore, it is very difficult especially for the poor and pregnant women to go for injections, especially for the poor, who do not have their own vehicle.
The MAA would like to thank the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and the Meghalayan Age Limited for their support without their support.
“Likewise, today's discussion we have focused on strengthening the presence of VDPs across the State,” he added.
Bah Shangpliang said that it is necessary to improve the road from Mawngap to Balat as this road is a budlum for the people especially for the farmers to transport their goods to the market.
“We are surprised to find that many projects have been implemented in this area, but the problem with these foreigners is that they have not asked permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi to set up the North East Skills. The Development Centre, too, has been closed down and without explanation,” said Samla A.Khongstid.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that there will be no delay in the submission of the report by the Committee, even if the Government has decided that the report should be submitted by the Committee. November-2023.
In the match which was played on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo, both the teams tried to play strongly from the start and had many chances, but could not score.
Because of the abundance of ore and coal (at that time) in Sohra and Mawmluh, after a thorough inspection, the Government of Assam decided to set up a coal factory.
College, Jowai, Nontalang College, Don Bosco College, Byndihati and Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
The public meeting will be held on the 9th of this month at the Tuber-Shohshrieh Sports Ground, East Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the GSU has questioned how far the president of the VPP can mislead the people regarding the roster system.
There are 1,35,571 samples tested, 1,30,096 negative and 684 pending results.
Where do we work to improve the quality of life of the ADC? Without the funding from the Government of India, the ADCs cannot carry out civil works and developmental works.
The DC said that the public who wishes to get information on this can come to the DC's office from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM to get detailed information on the BLOs. and staff of the DC's office.World Day of Persons with Disabilities-2023 was celebrated.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) Jaintia Circle has vowed to take strong action if the police do not reject the complaint. District.
The night curfew in Shillong will be in force from 8 pm to 5 pm tomorrow.
It's the last one.
The Paiem said that this incident should not happen, because the Khasi youths who still cannot understand the languages ​​to speak, said that the youths should investigate thoroughly. well first, don't just listen to some of the critics.
“While the issues of teachers in Meghalaya are far from being resolved,” said Babu Kular.
He said that the Covid-19 pandemic is very terrible and even the rulers who are treating the people badly at this time are not lyndang.
After half an hour, Lumshyiap turned the tide through Aldomac Nongneng in the 37th and 39th minutes.
“The BJP won 303 MPs in the last elections and this time the BJP will decline in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Delhi, Bihar, Punjab, UP, Himachal Pradesh and other states.
Other speakers and trainings were delivered by JB Tongwah, Officer In-charge of Mawkyrwat Police Station who spoke on the NPDS Acts. , Dr. DD Iawphniaw, Medical & Health Officer, Rangthong PHC, South West Khasi Hills District who spoke on the topic of “Impact of Drugs on Children”. The meeting was attended by Bah E.Tariang, In-charge of the District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, November 10: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Shillong for the second time on the 16th of this month to campaign for the elections. state.
Shillong: Former Congress MLA Bah RG Lyngdoh has said that he does not agree to talk to the Congress party. He said that if we talk to the HNLC, it means that those people within the HNLC are not responsible and not responsible. The ULFA, but the SULFA has emerged and this is causing more and more trouble.
I have seen the rules laid down by the government for those who want to go to church from
He said that if the arrangement of the Langpih sector is not according to the wishes of the residents, the Prime Minister and his government will have to take responsibility if there is any conflict or riots, which could lead to the limit of destruction of peace and stability of the population in the entire area.
LP School Building, water supply, unemployment, roads and other needs of the people.
“While I was on my way to the Lakroh River, the BSF personnel mentioned above stopped me and started questioning me whether I am an Indian or a Bangladeshi.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Paidang said that this is not the first time that he has gone to demand a color road but even before he became an MDC, he has gone to demand a colorful road. to tied doors from time to time and until this moment when he has been an MDC for two years now.
Students have the right to know about class fees before they enroll in the course.
The Government has empowered the Executive Magistrate and Police Officers to impose fines of up to T.500 for the first time on those who violate the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, (PIB): The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has shown that treatment has been booked for the provision of treatment to the beneficiaries of the scheme. AB PM-JAY has been declared dead.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that there is no leadership dispute within the party and said that the UDP has never held elections to elect its new president. However, there is no Nomination Committee to elect who will be appointed as President.
Advancing equitable access to care and optimal medication practice.
The four MPs urged Gadkari to take action and direct his department to repair the matter immediately so that the people can escape. This is a big problem which puts even the lives of people in danger when traveling on this road because it collapses from time to time.
The program was attended by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, PHE Minister Marcuise Marak, Health Minister Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Chief Secretary DP Wahlang. held at Mawkhanu village, Mawpdang.
It was one day while she was about to draw water from the well that she received the true Bible through the encounter of Jesus.
The sister, who is currently in Krishnagar of Ranaghat Nadia district, and others in the area were not injured in the accident, said a statement from John F Kharshiing, one of the leaders of the Union of Imperial Governors.
I've passed 12th grade so I'm worried about what I'm going to study, I've tried to ask for advice from the rich but no one has helped me, so I'm worried about Engineering. I went to Dkhar because I was interested in civil engineering when I was in class
On the other hand, the Vice President of the HYC, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the HYC has fought against drugs because it has seen the evil deeds that have spread. as an organization, it is against drugs and not against drug addicts.
Shillong: As part of the National Road Safety Week from 11th to 17th July 2020, the Police Department today distributed a They throw a stick at those who drive as a sign to warn them, not to punish them.
The Seng Kutsnem Day, therefore, is a special day of the Jaidbynriew.
The old ones have lost their trust, the new ones are still waiting to trust.
Before the distribution of these food items, a short meeting was held which was conducted by the Chairman of Sonapyrdi Village Bah Ning Mynthoi and a speech was delivered by the General Secretary of Sonapyrdi Village Bah Daiapherbha Lamare. Thank you very much to Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd for helping the poor people of the village at this time.
The Government has ordered the completion of this work especially during this time of low rainfall. He said that these roads will be completed as soon as possible and will not be delayed. as intended.
However, at present, the issue remains in the dark and the leaders of the Hima Sohra and Mawmluh Elaka have said that there has been no invitation from the Government to discuss the MCCL. The Minister of Education, said that the cess of the state government is not permanent, but the government imposes the cess only when there is demand.
Regarding the peace and order in the border villages, Prestone Tynsong said the government has handed over to the District Administration to look after the peace and order in the border villages. Assam, to avoid any kind of violence.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongwah Unit has demanded that the MePDCL should replace these electricity posts in the village.
To encourage the students, awards were also given to those who excelled in their studies.
The Model Degree College has been built with the funding of the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abiyan at a cost of T.11 crore and will provide training in three courses. streams, namely in Science, Maths and Arts.
Earlier, there was a previously implemented quota of 33% for women in Panchayati Raj.
“I don't want to say whether they will or not but let there be a meeting with the HPC leaders and this will be up to them, but the government has decided to They should be transferred to the place where they have been allocated to the office of the Shillong Municipal Board.
It is not known whether the Secretary Shnong was abducted by a group of armed men or by robbers.
Also present on the occasion were Bah WK Kharbuli, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Kong RC Sohkhlet, Registrar Cooperative Societies, MD Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, officials from the Department of Cooperation, Megha-LAMP, MBMA and Meghalaya Cooperative Apex. Bank Ltd and others.
After their arrest, the four were taken to Imphal Airport and then flown to Guwahati at about 5:45 pm.
“Salla Daniel Khyriem said that the party is surprised at the loss of this leader like Samla Kharmawphlang.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the second phase of border talks with the Assam Government has already started on 21st July.
In Khanapara, the 0.08 sq km area from ASTC Transit Camp to Police Out Post, Namghar, the residential areas of Assamese in a village in Khanapara to Dreamland Resort of 0.03 sq km will be allocated. to Assam.
The meeting was concluded with the welcome speech by the Zonal Supervisor Kong Haphadahun Simpli. 16 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the State to Thursday.
However, this calculation and this para 3 of the Resolution will no longer have any place if we implement the Reservation according to this O.M.dated
The All Meghalaya Karate Association (AMKA), one of the oldest Karate Training Associations in the state, has concluded the 29th Inter School and 11th Inter College Karate Tournament 2023 under the support of the Directorate of Karate Training. The meeting was held at the Multi Purpose Indoor Hall of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at the ground floor of NEHU, Shillong.
This action of the BJP is only to mislead the people.
Police Spokesperson GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Meghalaya Police (A), said that the policeman is undergoing medical examination.
After receiving the explanation on these schemes, the people in the FLC asked for more information on these schemes.
The Mizoram Synod on Saturday ordered Kumar to postpone the polling and re-polling dates as these dates coincide with the Christian Day.
There was also an exhibition and sale of ngap, soh, jhur and flowers.
Elang Ki Oo FC defeated We Sports FC by a tie breaker in the 7 A-side Football Tournament of Panaliar Village.
Let us turn to this bright age, which has lost its value and dignity as a nation.
Another 69-year-old man from Italy has died in Rajasthan.
Before the distribution of these donations, a short meeting was held by Assistant Waheh Chnong Phrangsngi Challam, General Secretary Panaliar Careme Phawa.
They made this statement during the elections in Bengal and now they have made the same statement in Meghalaya,” he said.
The Government should promote or regularize SSA and Adhoc teachers on a phase wise basis as follows:-1
The government has also signed a soskular with Jaypee Associates Ltd for the Umngot project which aims to generate 210 megawatts of electricity, but this contract has been canceled due to strong opposition from the people. who live in the Umngot River area.
Dr. Light; President of the Khasi Author Society, said that the contribution of Rev Thomas Jones through his first Khasi books, has been the main reason for the enrichment of Khasi literature. you are now.
One case of COVID-19 has been confirmed at the Hyundai Service Center in Mawblei, Shillong, while another case has been confirmed at Rynjah State Dispensary.
They will strive to complete the house as soon as possible and hand it over to Kong Sima and the union said that they will continue to monitor the villagers and provide assistance in other ways as needed.
These Sengbhalang leaders understand that if the government does not implement these demands, they will continue to prepare many of their protests in the future.
While she was sleeping alone in bed, she finally decided to go to Mawlai's house to meet her Niakha the next day without asking her mother.
He urged the farmers to turn back to the old farming methods in order to preserve this important crop.
One of the blast sites was in the presidential election campaign, while the other was in Kabul and the Taliban are threatening to carry out more bloodshed ahead of the elections in the country.
Bobinchal Wanniang of St. Peters Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Athlete in the Under 14 category, Phibapynsuk K Jana of Anderson Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Athlete in the Under 14 category. Nicky Mawsor of Anderson Higher Secondary School won the first prize in the women's category, Tresha Nongbri of Sib Singh Memorial Govt Higher Secondary School won the second prize in the men's category. Shaipharlin Nongsiej of St. Peters Higher Secondary School, and in the women's category, Albamary Sohshang of St. Peters Higher Secondary School won the second prize.
The prize money allocated for the winners in various categories is 2.15 lakh tyngka.
God wants these people who are a nation to have the responsibility to elect leaders, because they have the power to decide.
The committee demanded that the payment should be according to the size of the land and the affected area for the benefit of the residents, most of whom are farmers.
However, in these years, once the supply trees have been cut down, they cut down the small and large trees, because those that have not yet been supplied have been burnt along with the branches of the trees that have been supplied.
Police have registered a case under section 71(9)18 U/S 506/427 IPC and arrested the husband of the woman. and a thorough investigation into the matter is ongoing.
In the MLA elections held on 27th June, except for Sohiong, the voice of the people has shown that almost all the parties contesting the elections will get MLAs although the NPP, UDP, TMC will get MLAs. The BJP, PDF, HSPDP, Congress and others have won more seats.
In response to this incident, the British Legislative Assembly decided to take over the sovereignty of India and the Legislative Assembly passed the Government of India Act the rule of the East India Company.
The driver and passenger of the vehicle sustained injuries and were taken to hospitals.
Leader Mulieh scored the first goal for Luti tuber Ialong in the 42nd minute before the end of the first half and before Damepaia Shylla scored the second goal.
Corruption has caused a delay in the smooth running of the Khadar system as corrupt leaders have to spend all the money they have spent during the elections.
It requires all these things like manners, language, empowerment and justice according to the agreement,” said Halbert and put the pela together.
More than 45 foreigners were arrested from these areas for not having proper documents including labor license. They are not allowed to work in these jobs and understand that they are not allowed to work in the state.
According to the rules of law, HANM said that companies or distributors of lyer shet should ensure that the weighing is accurate and they should also weigh the lyer shet before distributing it to the public.
He said that the children, who are the children of the prostitute, should not be separated from the mother, just because she is self-sufficient and if the child is a child, she lives there. Together with a prostitute, in a brothel, it shall not be assumed that she has been sold to commit crimes.
Shillong, June 27: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has strongly warned the State Government not to accept the demands of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC). Shillong Township, you should also protect the Harijans from the Metor area”.
Khliehriat, November 12: The Bataw Youth Welfare Spoet Club (BSWSC) today held a special meeting at the East Side Inn Hotel, East Jaintia Hills District. Halen Nongtdu, who plays for Mumbai City FC, has won the title.
In the inheritance of the property, they shall have the same share.
Police said that they are finding it difficult to stay in this area, as it was seen that their house was covered with tin and surrounded by tyrpar.
Imphal: One person was killed and another seriously injured in a massive bomb blast at the ground floor of DM University last night.
He said that DoNER and NEC have taken steps to strengthen the fight against COVID-1 five states of the Northeast.
Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to the government through the Sports Department as well as the associations or sports clubs which organize various sports with the aim of developing the youth in this field.
They said that those who criticize do not see the works of their leader but they only know how to point fingers.
“The most important part of the hearing was held at the Bungalow of the Irrigation Department, West Karbi Anglong District and the remaining part was shifted to the Commission's office in Guwahati.
Tuh and the little shahkem are the months of the moon.
Martle said that for the sake of the common good of all the MDA allies, the post of Lamphang should be held by the party that has held it from the beginning.
On the 26th, the venues for the rally will be Khliehriat, Nartiang, Umsning, West Shillong and other places.
Nongkwar :- Ml05 S 6457 (rayz), Mlo5 P 3304 (gusto), Rymbai petrol pump-Ml05 M 8346 (adventure) , Ml o5 w 9589 (zr Yamaha), Ml05 u 8812 (zr Yamaha)M1705 M: – Nonglum - R15, Mlo5 N 2714 (scooty) , Ml: 05 N 9024 (scooty).
After the polling, these teams will be transported back on 20th and 21st June, while the IAF troops as scheduled will leave Gadchiroli on the 22nd. date, June.
Gamchi Timre R Marak, Head Teacher of Educare Higher Secondary School, Williamnagar, East Garo Hills, has been selected for the National Award.
On the other hand, this reporter, after hearing the complaint of the residents that the deterioration of this road has affected the traffic, said that through this article, it will be a way to inform the authorities. see that they do something about this road because it is bad.
Ministers in charge of Sports from 15 States/UTs and Chief Officers from 33 States/UTs attended the meeting, which was chaired by the Union Minister in charge of Sports. playing.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the initiative has been supported and approved by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Such disasters have affected the farmers and discouraged them.
The strong spirit of Robert Kharjahrin of the UDP since he became the leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council has been a great opportunity to win.
“These documents can be affixed by the applicants instead of by officers or by filing affidavits,” said the statement. to the court that sla.
The Sur of the People of East Jaintia Hills District.
If you are in trouble, please inform the company of the date of your lymsu.
The JSU said that this demand will also cause disruption to other PWD departments including the Office of the Superintending Engineer PWD, the Treasury and other departments of the PWD. The union demands that this demand of the union is only a false claim to mislead the people of Jaintia Hills and the union demands that the state government should not listen to the PWD. Samla Lawyerson War, President of the Jaintia Students' Union ( Jaintia Students' Union ) said that the demand of some people is selfish but it should listen to the voice of the people and for the benefit of many churches. – Central Body.
He was arrested after they searched the area after receiving a tip.
Starting such languages ​​will change the lives of your children and make them better in their future and will surely benefit you in society and in whatever you do.
The Governments of Meghalaya and Assam should take action and resolve the borders properly.
“He said he does not understand the allegation that there is a mismanagement by the state government in relation to the coal trade, but the government is waiting for a report on the allegation of illegal trade in coal. Dr Mukul Sangma, on the other hand, has visited the state and what he has found has been revealed only to the media.
KSU members were accompanied by Nongmensong Out Post Police under the leadership of Officer Incharge Jyoti Wahlang and Deputy Superintendent of Police. Crime-2, East Khasi Hills District.
Besides, Ïongnoh village has many traditional musicians and traditional musicians and he believes that this will help them as well.
The rescue teams including NAVY, NDRF and SDRF could not enter the crematorium today due to repairs to the water supply equipment.
The new office bearers of the MCA include Bah KM Warjri (EKHDCA) who was elected as President and won unopposed, Bah Khrawkupar Pajat (EKHDCA) who was elected as General. Secretary who won against Bah Bonney Jones Kharbani (WKHDCA) who is the former General Secretary.
Out of these 16 houses, 8 houses have been damaged and the Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum, Bah M.Mawlong, said that the damage has reached T. lakh rupees.
With the second goal, North-East United stood firm and didn't allow the opponent to lead the game until the end and won the match. my first in this lympung.
Shillong, Nailur, 14: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the Government has no intention of removing the land vendors without providing them with a place to sell their land. mar their eyes.
Recently, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded a CBI inquiry into the increase in the price of the Iing Dorbar.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister also met with these students and teachers.
“The CM, Transport Minister, PWD Minister and the leaders of Jaintia Hills have gone astray.
Bir, Phuh and Jarkha were baptized in
Many of the visitors were from this area and many others who came from outside were surprised when they tried to enter but were stopped by the guards all around the square.
We must never think only for our own good without thinking and seeing far for the future of our future generations.
We will have to see what happens next but it is necessary to be careful.
The sister of the man said that they went to the Pynthor because they had not been to the Pynthor for 10 months since her brother left home.
Shillong: The plan to cross the border of Assam at Pahambarngi Barapathar in Umtyrnga Ribhoi District has failed after the opposition from the villagers and the early arrival of the district authorities. Nongpoh Magistrate HK Thabah and Pilangkata Police.
The Arogya Manthan 2023 is a special event to mark the 5th Anniversary of the ABPM-JAY programme, which has made great progress in providing health care to millions of beneficiaries since It will be launched on 23rd November
Jadhav had bought ice cream from Shagun Veg Restaurant for T.165, but it was sold at T.175 and counted more than 50 tyngka. ice cream.
On the other hand, the Minister also urged all political parties to work together for the unity of the State and to take responsibility to educate everyone in this regard.
This is because our brain also plays a very important functional role in doing any task.
He said that more than 400 applications have been applied to the KHADC for loans from banks for the construction of houses.
Bah Christopher Lyngdoh said that some churches use it to build churches and some use it in many ways.
The most important thing at this time is the readiness of all the Rangbah and Longkmie or Samla who are ready to contest the elections from these three Seng Riewlum to allow this work. These Seng Riewlum for the sake of the country and the nation because now is the last chance for the Seng Riewlum to get the opportunity to provide the services that the nation needs. quickly, concluded the statement.
Young people who wish to apply can apply online through the website www.joinindianarmy.
Continuing the second innings of 78/6, Meghalaya scored only 28 runs before losing all their batsmen for 106 runs in 31.5 overs.
Shane Watson has also selected South African Rilee Rossouw as the Trump Card for the Delhi Capitals in the IPL this year.
After this, the state government can implement the Mines and Minerals Policy, 2012,” he said.
However, surprisingly, he could not even spell it a second time and when he could not, the woman refused and the marriage plan failed.
On the other hand, many primary school children have not attended school since the outbreak of Covid-1
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced the dates of the elections for Jharkhand and the elections will be held on three different days starting from 30th November. , will be released on November 23
Besides these two candidates, the PDF has also announced six candidates including Shemhok Garod from Raliang, Roswel Shadap from Mawhati, Donlang Sohkhlet from Umsning, Romeo Phira Rani from East Shillong. Egenstar Kurkalang from Nongkrem and Auspicious L Mawphlang from Mawphlang Constituency.
In the second match of the same category (U-14), the match ended in a draw but to decide to qualify for the next round, the team had to score a penalty and Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School beat Iewrynghep Secondary School Smit 2-1
BJP MP Sharad Tripathi has criticized Rakesh Singh, MLA of the party, for not having his name on the foundation stone for the construction of the road. The MLA admitted that he had ordered not to write the name of the MP. The MP, who was sitting with other party workers, left. He took out his juti and shot the MLA with his juti and this shocked everyone in the area.
The Chief Operating Officer, MSRLS, said that the SHGs in Meghalaya have been implemented by the NRLM in Meghalaya in the year In 2014, he said that these SHGs have started to grow and now there are 45,000 SHGs, 5500 Vos and 87 CLFs in Meghalaya.
“In the past two months, we have said many times that it is a disease that spreads in the air, even though we don't have the evidence,” said Dr. Benedetta Allegranzi, one of the doctors. of the WHO, which monitors the spread of the disease.
In the final of the Invitation Football Tournament between Mylliem and Umtyngar, Umtyngar beat Mylliem 4-2 goals to win the title. Mylliem received a cash prize of Rs 50,000 along with the trophy.
The Congress has 24 MLAs in the 53-member Assembly and the 60-member Assembly.
The victim was identified as Ronaldo.
Speaking to media, Dr. Bishnoi said that it is very difficult to control every part of the state due to the shortage of staff.
Shillong: A Khasi girl, who was kidnapped, has been released yesterday and handed over to her parents.
When asked about the special status of people with disabilities, he said it was through the Right of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, that the Government has laid down the rules.
“I hope that with the cooperation of all together with these guys who are coming now we can win and win more in this election,” he said.
In the first match, at 2 pm, Laitkor, which is also the strongest team this season, scored the most goals in all the matches. Lumparing SC scored the first goal in the 15th minute through Catherine Kharkongor.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Manbhador said that in these days of many challenges and competitions, but these are no longer the times to fight with sword and spear as in the past. go, but the current struggle is with knowledge and reason.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The Jowai Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JF&EPA) Jowai, with the assistance of the youth, together with the initiative of the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang, Jowai, has arrested two persons named Warsingh Kurbah. Mawsawa, Mairang and Nalki Phawa, Nongjngi, Loomlyngkut, who were dressed in fish nets in the Myntdu River below Nar (Mulieh) Bridge on 12th August 2022 at 7 PM. within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Jowai.
The day was enriched by traditional initiatives, poetry readings, games and songs by the youth and women of these four villages.
This was stated by KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar while speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the CEC Leaders held at Jaïaw.
The CBI has arrested 33 persons including Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Lamboklang Mylliem, MLA Jirang Constituency and Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, MUDA officials. They were named as violators of the MUDA Building Bylaws in the report submitted by the CBI before the High Court on the 11th of this month.
“We have agreed with the Prime Minister to revive the Meghalaya Games in 2020 because we want to promote the sports as well as the athletes,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
“We have received information that the state government intends to allocate land for the reconstruction of the Anjalee Petrol Pump in Upper Shillong which is also the land of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department for the purpose of improving the road in Shillong,” he said. said Mr. Kitbok.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The State Government is awaiting the approval of the Ksiang to resume peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
At this Coaching Camp, boys and girls under 15 years of age came to be trained to become skilled cricketers.
Hubert Riang together with other leaders of HSPDP Nongkrem including President D.Pyngrope recalled the work of Bah Shylla when he was the Leader of Nongkrem. After losing the election, he went to slaughter the pigs which he had given to the people in Mawpynthih.
To love God we must first love our neighbor so that we can have a spirit of unity.
In the 50m freestyle, Pdiangsuklang Syngwan, Ilarisuk Youry and Anisha Syngwan won.
Dr. Laloo also reminded that the Khasi Jaintia and Garo people are the women's children and if the mother dies halfway, it is a great loss not only to the children. but to the city, and to the whole nation.
“We still need Moonlight Pariat in the District Council because Jaintia Hills needs him along with the people of Jowai South,” said A Sumer who was also present at the meeting.
The body was brought from Shillong by Beningstar Lyngkhoi and handed over to Marlangki Suting at Ummulong Village, West Jaintia Hills District. of the 5th Meghalaya Games
Although a woman is the best, she is viewed as her husband.
Of these, 13 were in contact with 10 people who came from a wedding from Assam and tested positive for covid 19; 22 cases were confirmed from NEIGRIHMS and 5 cases were confirmed from Civil Hospital.
The residents of Borkhat and Natbor villages have come out to work on the road for about 11 km to fill the road with stones and soil to make it easier for traffic. and to transport the agricultural products of the villages in the area from Lama Borkhat to Natbor, Kwator and others.
And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up;
“This was after the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma announced that the use of plastic bottles which cannot hold 10 litres of water should be banned.
If we accept the obvious fact, perhaps we are not skilled or able to elect Nongthawain to the State Legislative Assembly.
Without accurate information, it is impossible to know how strong or poor the disease is.
As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club, Shillong, the club has already organized various programs and will close the celebration on the 13th of June.
'Tema' means 'pond' and 'Bier' means 'hand' or 'hand'; it is from these two words that the word “Tamabil” is derived.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that although the government has taken a decision not to allow the opening of markets in the rural areas, The government has authorized the Deputy Commissioners to decide whether to open or close the markets in the villages after the 15th of this month.
The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnong Alan Niangti, L Bimee Suwer General Secretary and other members of the village.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by Sordar Smit, Paiem Balajied Syiem of Khyriem Hima and others.
Winnerson D Sangma recently resigned from the post of Parliamentary Secretary before the start of the session.
Police in Ri Bhoi District last night seized seven Golden Biscuits worth about 35 lakh tyngka after a raid at Kyrdeng Police Check Point.
According to reports, the suspect started committing this crime from 2022 until the end of June
Bah DD Lapang and the delegation prayed together and wished them success on their journey and prayed for Meghalaya and India.
Sometimes I don't even listen.
Shillong, November 12 : The Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mamata Banerjee today arrived in Shillong for the first time. The 2023 MLA election will be held in
Similarly, why Bah H.Gephrin Ryntong became an article writer in newspapers is because he is still able to read.
It is worth mentioning that the Sengbhalang has had to take a decision to protest against the government's failure to implement the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. with civil society as well as political parties.
Then came the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raij or Dorbar Hima, and as it has been today, the Dorbar Dalariti as the supreme authority to accept or reject.
Shillong, November 11: The implementation of the High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) has raised questions among the public especially the drivers and owners of vehicles as it has not helped to prevent theft of vehicles. but it is only a way to earn money.
“Now we don't have time anymore and we have to do better than what we have already done, because we also need to think for the general election in 2023,” he said.
Although Al Hilal are ready to sign a deal with Luis Enrique, it will be difficult for Mbappe to move to the Saudi Pro League.
There are problems, the railway is not Many problems have arisen and still exist, it cannot be said, which the people should not take stingy just because the government has increased the restrictions.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2018 has continued for the fourth day.
Other priests, sisters and brothers, Fr.Eugene Thyrniang, Spiritual Director of the Union of Catholic Women of Nongstoin, Dorabel Kharkongor President of the Union of Catholic Women of Nongstoin. Nongstoiñ, Memorial Syiemsad General Secretary of the Union and others.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, expressed his pride that the school, despite many challenges, has been able to celebrate its 25th Anniversary. years of journey to continue to serve in the field of education and knowledge.
They are the ones who speak Hindi,” he said.
Rocky announced this at a press conference today, where he said he will contest from the National People's Party (NPP).
In the second match, Umling Sports Club beat Pahamriniai Sports Club 2-0
The allegation that Bah Ardent has come forward to demand the Reservation Policy just because he has formed a new party is just a childish mistake of the speaker.
Three of the four children have drowned in the river.
Jowai, July 16 : One of the newly established NGOs known as the Volunteer for a Better Jaintia (VBJ) today under the leadership of Co.
