Shillong: There have been 121 new cases of coronavirus in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. there are 1,335 people.
“The Acting Syiem and the Executive Dorbar will not be held responsible for anyone who opposes this announcement,” said a statement from the Secretary of the Hima.
If we don't use that voice, we will have rulers who are corrupt and unfair even if we are lagging behind in all respects.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the turnout of the people of Meghalaya for the election of 59 new MLAs to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has reached 74.32%.
Shillong, July 3: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has passed the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Bill, .
This means that if you don't tell anyone, no one can know who you support with your vote.
When they go to the market, they often use it to exchange goods.
Shillong: The family of (L) Cherishsterfield Thangkiew, former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), who was shot dead by the police, has filed a complaint in the High Court. The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the punishment of the policemen involved in the incident.
Engineers of PWD Department, Superintending Engineer PWD (Roads), Western Circle, Nongstoin, Bah TS Basan, Bah TS Basan were also present on the occasion. Executive Engineer PWD (Roads), Nongstoin Division, elders and leaders of various villages within the city.
During these opening days, it cannot be said that some of the Dorbar Shnongs have been very careful to ensure that the residents follow the directions of the Government even in the rural areas. follow this instruction carefully.
Unfortunately.
Situations like these make our leaders, no matter how talented, unable to bring victory.
Police said that the post mortem will be conducted tomorrow after completing all the requirements according to the rules of law.
This I Bah, published in a Khasi newspaper Dated 29th July 2021 is a longer and clearer story about the life and hard work of this servant of God who came from across the sea and gave his life to to explain and to explain and teach literacy especially the Gospel of the Lord Jesus.
Bertina Lyngdoh, one of the students with visual impairments, expressed her happiness that she has passed the National Eligibility Test and the Junior Research Fellowship.
They said that this is the first child and from the time she went to Lawmali until the birth and death of the child there was no doctor at all and she was looked after by nurses.
He said that he will advocate for the recognition of the Khasi religion, the Sein Raij in the state.
Dr.P.Shylla expressed her gratitude to the youth of the Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij and hopes that this work of helping others will continue from time to time.
“We want the government to continue as it is to allow the land owners in Umsawli to stay until they get a decision from the court to clarify the ownership of the land.
The problem we are facing so far is that we still see up to 60% of this disease in the lungs and early detection of this disease can help a lot.
However, this Faith is no longer heard in this age.
Before entering the state, all 33 students, including 3 drivers, have been screened for any symptoms. it's hard.
The incident happened on the 28th of this month at 10:11 pm.
The former MLA also visited the RCLP Primary School and met with the teachers of the school to discuss the problems and needs of the school.
At the same time, we must accept the facts as they are now that the State has grown.
“If you look at the North East, it is a rich area in terms of natural resources but there is no one to guide them to start their own businesses whether it is tourism or other opportunities. earn.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Kharsyiemlieh urged the 26 children and girls who live in the hospital to remember that these days are difficult and painful days. because the rulers of this world are struggling to deceive us into many kinds of evil.
When asked by Sangma whether the government will cancel the agreement with the company, Hek said they have no reason to cancel the agreement as the government has no evidence to prove that the company has been awarded the contract. the company has a bad sign.
As a matter of fact, the oxygen levels begin to decrease at an altitude of 8000 feet.
By participating together in electing the leader or leaders of the country, it will bring about unity that all are in the same country and under the protection and supervision of the Russian government even though they are still citizens of the country. Russia's newest country this year.
“We are delighted that the state has received recognition for the operation of these Centers which are currently operating at 425,” said Dr. Rilynti Lyngdoh.
“There are many incidents in Shillong, we have witnessed many incidents in Shillong, we have seen that people have been driving, playing music, changing the lights and producing “There is a lot of noise and this has caused people to be afraid to walk on the road and for this reason, we have to take this decision,” said Rosette.
The 18-year-old category went to Badol A. Marak of Border Achik Secondary School and Risdalin Hahshah of Jingaiti Secondary School.
However, he said that after receiving information from the Assam government, it has sent officers from various departments to collect the names of the residents who need schemes from construction grants. houses, toilets, playgrounds, school buildings etc. where many of the residents gave their names.
The governments that have been in power in the state since 2014 have not wanted to follow those rules due to low revenue.
The incident happened at 4 pm this evening, police said. The motorcycle (AS15-K-2231) was heading towards Guwahati.
Shillong: East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday received a tip that two drug traffickers were driving a Maruti Sx4 B (AS 01 AN 3312). and they came from Cain to Caliaria.
The Bihar government has decided to distribute condoms to the workers who came from other states. The Bihar government has imposed a 14-day curfew on those who come from outside the state.
At the same time, he said that among these participants, some of them have had the opportunity to reach the National Level which has been held in the past years.
Ampareen replied when asked how she would do because those who oppose her will use this allegation as a sympathy tree during the elections.
He also praised the Assam Police for their efforts to clean up the brokers at Guwahati Airport and said that this meeting will be to ensure cooperation between the drivers from Assam and Meghalaya.
In the hearing on 3rd October, the Court sought the facts of the case from the CID. The government lawyer referred the case to the Kasheri on Thursday.
Shillong, March 27: The Principal Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that the 31st of this month will be a public holiday in all government offices in East Khasi Hills.
Besides, as we have received information from the pig farmers in the state, the government has not been able to provide any assistance or protection for those pig farmers. The union has demanded that the government should temporarily ban the import of pigs from abroad, as it causes damage to the pigs inside the state.
“That's right... But once Panah was like that, that mother loved him more than her son...” explained Kong Mer. I will tell you, and I will tell you.
On Thursday, 38 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
We don't know what will happen next,” said the residents.
In fact, it is the duty of the government department in charge of this to clarify that it will provide training so that the students will not lose this right as proposed by the state government.
Mondal also explained the needs of PHPs by mentioning the need for more land for the construction of dams in rivers and reservoirs.
Urupang.com has 592 shares, 76,538 readers and 5,641 engagements on Facebook.
When people see that the political landscape has changed and you start having success they will come back," Chatrath told reporters.
He said that besides the United Khasi Hills District Fisheries (Amendment) Bill, 2023 to protect the fish, the Council has also introduced the Khasi Social Customs (Amendment) Bill, to empower the Dorbar Kur.
We should not take the lives of others for granted, even though we may not take our own lives for granted.
This is primary prevention.
The song was composed by Wanstar Thabah and the color grading was composed by Elvest Thabah.
We have three months to complete the work to complete the requirements to prepare for the development of the Khasi language,” said the Director of Art and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor War. I didn't attend the meeting today.
And when they were happy, they followed the conversation and acquaintance with the Khasi young men and women.
The BSF troops suspected that some smugglers had stolen these weapons and in an attempt to arrest them, these smugglers managed to escape into the forest due to the darkness of the night.
Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the football tournament, the chief guest encouraged the youth players of the area to come forward first in the small tournaments where one day they will get to participate in major tournaments within the state and abroad.
The installation of these lights will continue until the New Year until 3rd July
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 28: The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, on Tuesday expressed its regret over the lack of attention of the Government for the improvement of the National Highway-6 in Umkiang area. , Dona and the entire Narpuh border area.
The competition was held in three rounds, the first round was the Traditional Fusion Round, the second round was the Classic Round and the third round was the Evening Round.
“These days remind us of the need for love,” said Dutt.
The village leaders are still able to persuade the people to wait until the survivor reports to the village leaders and after that the village will take the necessary action.
“We have been told that the electricity situation in the state will improve in 2015 and
Regarding this, the CEM of KHADC urged the HYC and the former CEM to resolve this issue and not to thew, because the EC at that time didn't make a mistake.
In the past two years, this bridge has not only been a connecting point between the two villages or the area, but has also become a tourist spot.
With this victory, Lajong have earned the most points among the other teams.
“As a sign of condemnation, the KSU Mawlai Circle urges the people of Hynniewtrep not to vote for this person who has destroyed the honor and dignity of this people to other states,” he said. u Publicity Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle.
The family members said that at that time, a man stabbed Macborn in the chest until he fell to the ground.
In the second match, East Khasi Hills beat Ri Bhoi by 34 runs, where Jonathan Mawa scored the goal for 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai' in the tied and also in the throwing of the ball.
When asked, Chyne said he does not know whether there are any other UDP MDCs who will support the current EC.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced a 5 tyngka increase in the price of petrol and diesel.
Jowai, March 07:The District Planning Officer, Jowai in collaboration with the State Council of Science, Technology and Environment Meghalaya has organized a program to celebrate the Wildlife Week from the 1st to the 7th of this month. the theme “Recovering Key Species for Ecosystem Restoration”.
When we were forcibly deported to Mikirs Hills Assam as I mentioned above, our elders stood up to fight against this evil plan and violence of Assam and in the end the Assam government did not refuse to admit this wrongdoing. of me.
In the U-19 singles category, Pratiksha Joshi (EKH) won the women's category while Gaurav Singh (EKH) won the men's category. and Benhanan Kharwanlang (YTBC).
I have read carefully that article by DH Kharkongor published in a Khasi newspaper on the 6th October 2020 entitled – DO NOT DO TOO MUCH WHAT YOU CAN SAY. Kharkongor has spoken about you young people.
It is learned that the driver of the truck fled the scene immediately after the accident.
In her mind and heart stood all kinds of thoughts like plants on a football field.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today informed the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi that the people of the state do not accept the appointment of 'Un-represented Tribes' Leaders are appointed to the District Councils of the State.
The union has lodged an RTI on 01/03/2022 to find out more about the origin of the road and the union will continue to monitor the condition of the road.
More important to them is the chair.
The number of cases has risen to 941 and the death toll to
After that, Babu Will went to school at Shillong Govt.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, on Tuesday, said that as the repair of the Damsite Bridge is ongoing, vehicles have been released from both sides as a one way bridge. you're right.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 5: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtrai West Unit under the leadership of Kitbor Riangtem President, on Tuesday met with the DMHO West Khasi Hills District. Sub Center in Langdongdai Village.
He said that after lunch, they cleaned the water by using a water pump to pump the water.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest took the lead in swearing in the new office bearers of KSU Wapung Unit in the presence of Publicity Secretary KSU Seng Kmie, Bah Pynshai Rani. main symbol.
“If we from Meghalaya go to explain the work of Assam, it will not agree and they should not explain the work of Meghalaya.
This is the 4th award of the Raid Laban Sports, Social and Cultural Organization (RLSSCO).
It is here that we understand that even the tree has mercy on the sinner whom the people have rejected.
Shillong, June 29: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will consider to discuss the issues related to the mining of mineral resources including the The National Green Tribunal has banned the mining of coal.
It would be better if this issue was not politicized because it went wrong.
Police of East Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem, rushed to the scene on receiving a tip on the incident to conduct a thorough investigation.
The MCA has been able to send its own children to participate in the training camp through talks with the Baroda (Vadodara) Cricket Association, Gujarat. .
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Delimitation Committee said that no decision has been taken yet to divide any constituency.
Lumiawmuchai Shangpung beat Sohmynting 5-0 in the Super Division of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the new committee will be headed by the Minister of Law, Ampareen Lyngdoh as the Chairperson.
The Minister said that after this, the MDC elections will come to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, where the district authorities have implemented the Model Code of Conduct of the MDCs. elections and mid-term elections.
Young brothers and sisters, when we don't dwell or stay in the beauties of this world, when we don't love the beauties of this world, when we don't love riches, the Lord is waiting for me. and ye shall be the way to the Father.
In the meeting with the people, Dr. Mukul encouraged them and discussed many of the problems they face.
I would like to tell all those people wherever they are, those who give away their information that they should stay wherever they are and don't fight here and there and please stay alone for about 10 days. Go back to the testing centers to make sure you are negative because this is very important.
Shano Tariang scored the second goal for Shillong Lajong in the 55th minute while Sangti Janai Shianglong scored the second goal for Shillong Lajong in the 69th minute. you become night.
“The state government has no part,” he said.
On the other hand, the KSU said that the Dorbar Shnongs have changed the names of foreigners especially in relation to Rynjah and Motinagar in 2005, but the offices of the state and central governments have changed their names. The KSU Nongthymmai Circle has urged the District Council to take action on this issue and arrange for the change of the name of the village to Khasi names.
This demand of the union has been fulfilled after the government and GVK have been able to deliver the 108 vehicle to Amlarem Sub-Division in the past few months.
When asked why he did not contest the MDC election 2014, is it because the Congress party does not allow him or because he does not want to, he said, “I don't care about the MDC election. “I want to allow the youth of the party to play chess,” said Bah KK Dkhar.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the State Government has already sent a letter to the Central Government a few days after meeting with the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) on its demand to introduce the Bill ( aiñrew) in Parliament regarding the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of the country.
At this meeting, the Union will discuss the working of the Shillong Residents Association and also to strengthen the Association, its office bearers, and the Rules of Procedure for the benefit of all residents. wet in Shillong.
However, officials said the death toll of those injured in the incident is likely to rise.
It has also become clear that even these two parties, the UDP and the NPP, have become one.
Nongpoh: A driver of a dumper truck, has escaped with serious injuries, after his vehicle overturned on the NH-6, at a place before and he came to Byrnehath.
Police have arrested the suspect and registered a case No. 117(6) 22 u/s 20(b)/23(b) of the NDPS Act. Investigation to find out more about those involved and to crack down on alcohol and drug trafficking.
"Our counterattack should show that we can and that we have a goal," Imran Khan said.
The vehicle number plate is ML 05 E
The Symbud Myntri in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong has already announced up to T.20 lakh as assistance from the government while the Head of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem has announced the assistance of T.20 lakh. to provide assistance of up to T.20 lakh from the council and T.5 lakh as promised by Mawphlang MLA, Bah Beyondstar Kurbah.
He has been appointed as a teacher at the school since 2012 and it is alleged that he has been attending school only 50-60 times.
Until we have cleared the forests and until we have burned what remains.
A total of 24 people have died of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the death toll to
The Chief Secretary Tynsong said that the contractors should first provide the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for the start of implementation and the foreign workers should follow the rules. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has quarantined those who have returned from the North East (NE).
The students who passed the Computer-Beginner course include Sandashisha Lyngdoh, Intermediate; Tally-I – the Nakisaka Shangpliang; Tally-II, the King of Meba-ai-Shisha; DTP, Ladianghun Marbaniang; Web Designing & PC Maintenance, NikaDelecta Lyngdoh Nongbsap; Database, Swarzina Swargiary; Cloud computing and Python, Sabyasachi Paul Purkayastha.
The Director of the Department has promised to take action on this issue.
In the women's final, Amlarem Govt.
However, in the second half, Nongthymmai had a chance to score through Rabi Hansda in the 67th minute.
The Police Control Room has sent this information to all the OCs and ICs of the District and in Meghalaya as a whole and to the states of India along with the photograph of the missing person on the same day. ," said Mr. Nongtnger.
Besides government officials from various departments of the state government, Nongshken MDC Grace Kharpuri, Mawphlang MDC Bah Lamphrang Blah and tens of thousands of residents of the area were also present.
The holy angels who followed Jesus warned the angels who followed Lucifer not to fight against God, and they wept bitterly for them.
T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, opened the topic with some explanations related to the issue of South West Khasi Hills District. departments of offices on the implementation of development projects within the district.
Furthermore, the hill farmers cannot farm in the same area, after two years they have to leave the fields and move to another farm and after many years they will farm again in the same area. and he was many years old.
To find out the facts, the hospital authorities have taken the woman to NEIGRIHMS Hospital and after conducting an X-ray and City Scan, the doctors have taken her to NEIGRIHMS Hospital. They confirmed that the thyrnia was stuck inside the body of Kong Altima and that it needed to be removed immediately.
Remember that you cannot become a member of the Sengbhalang until you are old enough to grow up.
On the other hand, the union sends this message to all the students to participate in the examinations in the next few days, to pass without wasting their time so that they can bring name and honor to the family, the community and especially to reach their goals in life, as education and knowledge is a tool in this age.
Health Minister Chandrima Bhattacharya said four persons have been arrested.
The road is long and public transport such as low fare buses are not available.
Arki Tariang scored the first goal in the 54th minute.
In Jowai, the entire city of Jowai has been destroyed by a fire last night due to a strong earthquake in the area. In Nongpoh, the city has been destroyed by a strong wind. There was no fire and this has disrupted the work of many churches.
He passed away on 21st March 2020 at 4:20 pm.
He said that after the announcement of the date of the elections, the state government will not be able to take any decisions because the government has a temporary overseer and therefore at that time he will resign and join the party. to the UDP as a full member.
The petition also stated that the lack of division can lead to discrimination among different ethnic groups and also poses a threat of lack of unity and discrimination.
Pynshngain's decision to refuse to cooperate with Mukul Sangma's leadership came after the state government passed the Khang Bam Armaloi Act to ban MLAs from holding the post of MDC. He is one of the MDCs involved in this incident.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has already sent a letter to the Dalmia Company since November 2021 and directed the company not to bring garbage into the company inside the village as this causes pollution and Silchar, Guwahati, Mizoram, Agartala and other places have been brought from Silchar, Guwahati, Mizoram, Agartala and other places. The village has lodged a complaint with the company. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in June 2022, but the DC's office has not taken any action on this matter. The company should stop importing garbage into the village.
Where are you going? As of now, the world has begun to ring, because production and income have declined.
Other TMC Meghalaya leaders who attended the ceremony included AITC Chairman Dr Manas Ranjan Bhunia, TMC MLA from Umroi, George B Lyngdoh, MLA from Mahendraganj. Dikkanchid Shira, TMC MLA from Rangsakona, Zenith M Sangma, and other party leaders who were also present on the occasion.
He said that the people of the area are suffering from food shortage due to the lockdown, but the MLA instead of helping the people of the area who have been affected by the lockdown, went to collect water. one of the rivers in Maitdein.
By doing so, it will prevent those who take advantage of the scheme from trying to politicize it.
As one of the oldest and most intelligent journalists, although he has retired from journalism, he said that his publication of the newspaper is always to promote journalism, in He published U Lum Shyllong in 1977 and said that during these years, many newspapers came from abroad, such as news in Hindi, Assamese, English and Khasi news. There were only two of the most successful at that time, the Nongsaiñhima and the Riewlum.
Which religion is the most religious and discriminatory against other religions? It is the Christian religion, especially in the country.
“According as the Spirit gave them” the reason is “Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit, which worketh all in all.
Shillong, July 19: The National People's Party (NPP) in alliance with the Indian National Congress (INC) has announced that it will take over the ruling party from the United Democratic Party (UDP) on July 19, The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KDF) has formed a new Executive Committee.
However, according to her, this is not the first time that expired drugs have been thrown away.
TDCA needed only 29.5 overs out of 40 overs to reach the target.
In the ejahar, Dutta said that the people have been fined without forgiveness if they do not wear masks and now the police should fine the minister as well.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Secretary, WMS Pariat, confirmed the statement of the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma that the government will not implement the ILP as planned. claim by the association.
The era of shon kti is no longer even in the villages, except for the elderly who are over 70 years old and have never attended school before.
The celebration was conducted by Bah PN Syiem, Working President MPCC in the presence of Shillong MP and MPCC President, Bah Vincent H Pala as the chief guest.
The aim of the Skill Hub is to train the children to stand on their own feet, at the same time they will be supported in accordance with the guidelines of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 through the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY) 4.0 especially for those schools affiliated to CBSE whether private or government.
In fact, the government has already announced this policy since last year but has not been able to implement it.
Speaking as the chief guest, the CEM congratulated the former MDC of Nongstoiñ Constituency, Bah N.Nongdkhar who is also the Secretary of the Development Committee of the Market. He said that during his tenure as MDC, he had seen a vision to build this building for the purpose of holding a market.
According to the report and estimates received by the Supply Branch of the District, there is a shortage of food items in the food shops.
The penalty shootout came after no goal was scored even after extra time was given to the team at the Teilang Phawa Stadium in Khliehriat today.
Shillong: Neil Herbert Nongkynrih, a talented pianist and founder of the Shillong Chamber Choir, has been buried at the church cemetery. Lawmali Presbyterian Church on Saturday.
The man who has done the most for this work in India is Sir Albert Howard.
At present, the government will build from the previously allocated fund of only T.23 crore for the first phase and will continue to build after receiving the funds.
To the east, it is bordered by Mawthar, Weinia Valley, Nongkhnum, Thum Valley, Disyiang and Mawduh.
We must not be overwhelmed by beliefs and attitudes that are against the people of the state.
Regarding the assistance for development works, he admitted that the factory has been able to build only one Dorbar Hall in Riwiang. The factory therefore helps and contributes through the needs of Sport Clubs, various organizations when they come to ask for assistance when necessary and the factory does not refuse.
Sd- Sd- - d                         Sd/-Phrikshon Kharshiing                                                                       S.B.Nongdhar                                                           Li ving      KhrawbuitRyntathiangPresident, President of Lumpung, Lympung Kur, Dorbar Kur       General Secretary Kharshiing                   Kur Thangkhiew (Lai kpoh) Dorbar Kur RyntathiangSd/-                             Sd/- Sd/- Sd /-Henry Burit Wahlang .         H.S.Suting                                    A.S.Mawlong                                                                                                                                A.S. Wait              General Secretary,               General Secretary,                  Asstt.
He arrived in Addis Ababa on an Ethiopian plane.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : Lafarge Umïam Mining Private Limited (LUMPL) has been selected as the Overall First Company in the Directorate General of Mines Safety (DGMS) for the safety of its operations. in parks throughout the northeastern part of the country.
They were very close too.
Speaking on Phase-II of the project, the Lamphang said that the DoNER has promised to fund Phase-II and the preparation of the Detailed Project Report (DPR). ) played chess.
After the meeting, a petition was submitted to the President of India at Raj Bhawan, Shillong.
“The four-member team has been formed under the supervision of Secretary Disaster Management, Dr Ranjeet Kumar Sinha,” the spokesperson told reporters.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Mukhla Raij Sports Club today launched the 1st Invitational Knockout Tournament 2023 for the 40 years old and above at Madan Len, Ladmukhla West Jaintia Hills.
Kamtae has three struggles.
Dr. HH Mohrmen said that the Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 have made it clear that all waste should be separated and at the same time it will help to convert fertilizer for agriculture.
Although the farmland is long and wide, the farmers need a lot of assistance from the government such as the improvement of the water supply system so that all the farmland can get adequate water.
“The Medical Superintendent and Administrative Officer have increased their salaries without the approval of the KJPA, which is in charge of the hospital,” said Bah Pathaw and Bah Nongphlang.
This scholarship is for those who are studying for Diploma, Degree, Post-Graduate or registered for M.Phil/Ph.
Ajay, 62, is a resident of Mawbah, Shillong and plays as a midfielder alongside prominent players such as Fullmoon Pyrtuh, Augustine Kharkongor, Tenzing Khyriem, L. Darlong, Michael Wahlang, Atom Dey and others.
The MP elections are coming up in less than a month and the question is whether the Election Commission has a way to eliminate this corruption. of the candidates as well and for this decision to be successful, we see, as the cooperation with the village authorities, as it will be very important.
Jowai, July 08: The Republic Day Cup Under-13 Football Tournament 2024 was held at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today. Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Southeast, Jowai.
In the last Dorbar, we saw the active participation of MLAs at that time such as George B Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang, Process T Sawkmie, Adelbert Nongrum, (L) SK Sunn. , and Mr. Mayralborn King.
The selfishness of those in power stems from three reasons.
The total cost is T.46 crore and the payment to the contractor is T.6.27 crore.
There are 30,231 voters out of which 14,846 are males and 15,351 are females. There are 36 Polling Stations.
Another bill that the Indian government intends to introduce is the Population Control Bill.
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS CERTIFICATIONBIS implements 20 Management Systems Certification Schemes in accordance with ISO/IEC 17021-1:2
Iranian Quds Force chief General Mohammad Reza Zahedi has been killed in an Israeli strike on an Iranian military headquarters in the Syrian capital. Major General Qassem Soleimani, who was killed in a drone strike in
Some here-and-there agreed.
Some doctors have been asked but the answer is that they don't know.
So they went out to look for them, but they couldn't find them because they were driving fast.
The house of the suspect was raided on the 1st of July 2023 and during the investigation, he confessed that he had broken into the house of Kong Toi and stolen the gold sati and sold it to a gold dealer in Mairang and the gold sati was seized, while the arrested person was handed over to the court.
Four more people have been confirmed with COVID-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to
In the old days, even though the churches were opened, no one dared to go to church.
The training program on Waste Management and Sanitation Under Bharat Mission was conducted at three schools in Jowai, including Jowai Govt.
These players include Ilapynkmen Synrem in tennis.
The NPP said that there are many more projects that the prime minister is preparing to bring to Tura and especially to beautify the city by planting trees, improving roads, painting on the streets. with boarding and so on.
The District Police Chief said that Jhola was also involved in the shootout between the ANLA and the police on 17th January 2016 at Nongwaldro.
At the same time, the state legislature is supreme and has the full duty and responsibility to oversee, manage and explain all aspects and aspects of life and society.
Thank you very much.
In another development, the parents of the students have strongly opposed the government's decision to conduct the Entrance Examination in MBBS and BDS. and this Exam is also not clear and understandable.
Besides the training on the rights of day laborers and HIC AIDS, women also participated in dance, traditional song of Meghalaya and traditional dance of the Bodo people. .
When asked whether the KSU demands the release of the arrested members, the President of the KSU said that the KSU has not gone to talk to the government to release the arrested members but has gone to talk to them. to implement the issues of the nation.
The intention of Panaliar Village to clean up the Myntdu River in the Syntu Ksiar area within the boundary of Panaliar Village to maintain the cleanliness of the area has attracted tourists from near and far.
The LTS currently has units in 15 schools in Shillong and the slogan is “For God and the World”.
Mukul said the state government has planned to permanently transfer more than 11,000 non-plan jobs.
A public servant Cherian Momin has strongly criticized the Assam Police Department for allegedly illegal targeting of Christian religious organizations in Assam.
The meeting discussed the activities of the party which has been fighting since 2018 until now to get the Sub-Divisional Hospital in Amlarem which is the Sub-Divisional Head Quarter.
The contractors of Umpling, said that last year, they had already applied for the CRAWL scheme, which they should have received T.2,100, but till now, many of them have not received, said the statement. The 22nd July is the day when the Presbyterian Church in Bri Hynniewtrep commemorates and celebrates the day of the arrival of the first Welsh missionaries. Thomas Jones and Anne Jones who arrived in Sohra on 22 July 1841- “The missionaries came and went, they finished their part.
“When there is a clean morning, it brightens the soul and eyes of the people,” said the statement.
In India, the number of cases has risen sharply in the past 24 hours by 7,466, bringing the total number of cases to 1,65,7
Shillong: 91.1 Mirchi, one of the leading radio stations in India, has celebrated its fourth anniversary in Shillong.
Shillong Lajong FC coach Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet has introduced two new players, Sambor Kharsahnoh and Babysunday Marngar in place of Ronney Wilson Kharbudon and Figo Syndai.
A case has been registered at Shillong Sadar Police Station and a thorough investigation is ongoing to find out the facts,” said SP Shillong. has been empowered to regulate the price of agricultural products or other commodities within its jurisdiction after the approval and signing of the Governor's The Market Bill will become law and is now known as the KHADC (Second Amendment) Regulation, Act
“We will bring unity in our beloved Khasi country, to escape the attacks and killings of our brothers and sisters,” they said.
Referring to the projects in the Basin that were implemented during the Mukul Sangma Government, he said, “Now they (MDA Government) have started another part of collecting from the people. which is given to the people.
Without respect.
Conrad K Sangma today said the Meghalaya government has already sent a statement to Amit Shah on the ILP. “I have spoken to the leaders of Meghalaya but I have not yet fixed the date,” said Conrad Sangma.
We request the Vice Chancellor to withdraw the announcement and end this violence,” said Dr Rani.
“Therefore, we have decided to fill the vacancies immediately,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: After the Platinum Jubilee celebration on 27th March, the celebration of this special event by the Mawlai Parish has entered its final phase this year.
She also ordered all shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in their shops.
Shillong: A meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium today to mark the 49th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, Bah Lasting Pala and the Secretary Shnong, Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh, said that the deterioration of the road has caused problems and has affected especially the school children. He said that if the government and NHAI continue to do nothing, they will come forward and call for a protest.
“This is the first time that the government has taken the initiative to implement the project and it will be allocated every three months for this project,” he said.
Although there are snapshots of Parents skills that are passed down to children; However, children cannot create the world without being allowed to use those skills.
“It's difficult to explain whether you're wise or not,” said Bah Mebanker Tding.
The President of AMMPWA said that they have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and other government officials to find out.
The seizure was led by the Longkmie and Samla Umroi Pyllun and members of the Executive Committee of the village in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah PB Sylliang.
The surgery was performed by a team of doctors drawn from different departments of NEIGRIHMS, including Dr.Ananya Das, Additional Professor, Dept.
Many of these women have to face the cold, especially at night, because of the severe cold in these areas.
“The police have tried to talk to the public to reach the place where these prisoners are so that they can be released. who were injured".
“The final decision on the division of constituencies will be taken by the three ADCs. The state government cannot force the ADCs even if it wants to hold elections in new constituencies.
The incident occurred at midnight, but neighbors of the shop on Amshpai Road saw the fire in the morning on Friday.
The country now desperately needs to implement programs to address economic and social problems and promote peace and justice,” said the response from the KJCLF. He added that it would be sufficient now to proceed with what the 21st Law Commission of India had earlier made clear that the UCC “is not necessary or sufficient at this time”.
According to the Mining Lease, anyone who holds a license must comply with the laws to protect the environment and water bodies and must not affect the residential areas.
In the women's category 18 to 35 years, Gloryfy Kurbah came second, followed by Sabina Rai and Bandasharai Marweiñ, while in the men's category, Gloryfy Kurbah came first, second and third. They are Daniel Lyngdoh Wahlang, Emphios Nongrum and Nobelstar Ramsiej.
In the 13-17 years old category for men, Neverson Jyrwa, Johnstar Sohphoh and Nangkyrshan K. Wanniang while in the women's category were Selbiana K. Wanniang, Elfidary Wartde and Ikyntiewshisha Ramsiej.
It is learned that some of the ruling MLAs will support the no confidence motion against the opposition but the question is whether they are willing to show it in the House. If you don't have to shake your head or raise your hand.
It was decided that all the Sirdirships should hold dorbars in each of their Elaka to discuss the government's violation of their land rights.
Purno Sangma entered politics in 1977 when India was preparing for the sixth General Election.
The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said, “It is useless to send a resolution to the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Constitution of India, but what is needed is that the Legislative Assembly should start speaking and explaining in Khasi and Garo during the sessions.
In this regard, the Seng is deeply saddened that the Sengbhalang leaders should have respected the Village Leaders, but they themselves have come to threaten and shake hands without any reason.
All the village leaders of these four villages expressed their gratitude and congratulations to the SBYWA for this donation of food items to the people affected by the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
NorthEast United FC, which is in Group-D, will play at home (Guwahati) against FC Goa, who came second in the ISL, and Shillong Lajong FC, who returned to the I-League.
The editorials and articles and explanations of KAS that appear from time to time on this subject cannot do anything because the differences between us cannot be erased.
There are those who have lost elections who have been rejected by the people to receive the Government salary, for that reason the VPP will not allow.
He said that such public awareness meetings on the Reservation Policy will be held in different villages of East Jaintia Hills.
In the first match, Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber drew 3-3 with Saindur Mihmyntdu.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh also presented him with a gold sati, a Ryndia jain and a souvenir.
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday distributed scholarships to 110 students under the Chief Minister's Career Guidance and Counseling Scheme at a meeting held at Soso Tham Auditorium. , Shillong.
We have all sinned because we have all sinned.
The former Chief Minister said that for the benefit of the state, the government should take action to eradicate them from the beginning as the state has already experienced these things in the past years. went away.
:One of the Khasi tyngshops, Bah Enshon A. Lamare, wife of Kong Wonmai Warjri, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri, Kjatshnong, has passed away on the 6th of October
As the leader of the Longkmie, Vanathi Srinivasan also promised to bring many development projects from the CM in the district and in Meghalaya. BJP has won the 2023 elections in Meghalaya.
When asked, the NPP leader said there are many reasons why the party has not won many seats in Khasi Hills.
THIS IS WHY WE SEE THAT UNTIL TODAY THE RAIBI OF DEMOCRACY IN INDIA IS THAT THE PEOPLE HAVE THE POWER ONLY ON THE MARKET BEFORE VOTE DAY, EXCEPT FOR ALL FIVE YEARS. to suggest to the Education Department to order that all text books in Political Science should revise the definition of the word DEMOCRACY. I would like to quote here the writing of Dr. IM Nongbri as it is written by Syed Mohamad Sadullah, one of the Members of the Constituent Assembly of Assam, on 21st November “Rangbah Honorable, the Khasi Hills has been included in the 6th Schedule and Rev. JJM Nichols Roy is very grateful for this. However, there is a constitutional anomaly.
In his speech, he congratulated the Muslim community who have supported him since 2008 to win the MLA election for the first time.
Seven political parties including the EJNC, JSM, KSU, JSU, FKJGP, HNYF and HANM have demanded that the government should send back the former DC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki as the full DC of the district.
“We have been harvesting soh only for 2 or 3 years and now these soh trees have died and it has caused a huge loss to the farmers,” he said. The yield of Sohniamtra is very useful to the farmers as it produces more than a thousand soh from one tree.
It is recommended that you drink at least 8 liters or 2 liters of water a day to avoid dehydration.
Deibormame Tongper once again surprised the spectators by scoring a hat-trick in the 26th, 42nd and 60th minutes.
However, sources said that the influx of foreigners to the hospital has not stopped and has continued. This morning at 3 pm, the KHNAM leaders left again. According to the President of KHNAM State Youth Wing, there were more than 50 people in the bus. 3 buses had more than 150 passengers including children, adults and women.
Ksan's mother said, “Leave it to the guidance and direction of time, we too will be like that in the future and that too depends on these children.
The implementation of the Mines Act, 1952 and Regulations, 2017 is what the state has to ensure for the benefit of the people.
Regarding the implementation of this scheme, the residents of these villages, expressed their great happiness and praised the Prime Minister and the MLA Jirang. , because from now on they will get water to their own homes, because these villages have faced a great problem in terms of drinking water.
Shillong, July 19: The CSWO has threatened to lodge a PIL against the engineers, contractors and the PWD department of the state if they do not surprise the people to ensure that the construction of the road will be adequate.
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 2, EKH: 68, NGH: 1, RBD: 53, SGH: 8, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 22, WGH: 8, WJH: 25 and WKH:
To ensure a brighter future: To create 3 lakh jobs for the youth in the next five years, in which 1000 tyngka per month and 12000 tyngka per annum will be allocated to those youth who have not yet received 21-40 years old.
A bench of the Supreme Court headed by Justice Surya Kant and Justice MM Sundresh said the petition remains pending in the High Court and directed the ED to appear before the court. .
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of the Opposition alleged that their appearance was because the Executive Committee had acted by force not to listen to their views on the Amendment Bill.
With the passing of the days and years, it has increased the number of people especially the youth of this age.
Shillong, June 03: Many shops in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Byrnihat are empty due to the lack of space.
When asked about the activities of the Salesian in Shillong Province, Father Paul said that at present there are 6 Technical Schools, 23 schools and about 40,000 students from the Salesian Province. Salesian congregation to paint.
He said that this is a completely unfounded claim.
Also present were Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC Nongthymmai Constituency, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Ex-MLA Nongthymmai Constituency, John F Kharshiing, President, Meghalaya Olympic Committee, Bantylli Nari, President, Union of Nongthymmai Rulers. Shan Talang, Rangbah Shnong of DS Nongrim Hills, Nangsan Pakyntein, Lumpyngad, B Lyngskor, Shnong Lawjynriew, AB Mawkhiew, Demthring Shnong. MS Bareh, Head of Village, DS Lumbatngen, Mr. Eddie War, Head of Village, DS Rynjah, Mr. RV Dkhar, Mr. RV Dkhar, Mr. Richard Kahit, Mr. Barnabas Nongbah, Mr. S.Pyngrope, Rangbah Shnong, DS Umpling, Bah Bawan Khyriem, President of the Sports Club, Bah L Passah, former President of the Sports Club, former members of the Sports Club and others. They were invited to attend the Platinum Jubilee.
We should no longer be thankful to ourselves.
Hard work is very important in people's lives.
Albert Rynjah of Lumpyngngad SC scored two goals in the 14th and 22nd minutes and the third goal came from Roby Daimary (51min). ).
The PCF has clarified that its election of Pastor to contest the MP election is on the grounds that it has seen that he has a connection with the leaders of the country. From the Prime Minister, the Second Prime Minister, the Union Ministers, the Chief Ministers of various States and he has also attended almost all the meetings within the State and Central Governments.
“I don't know anything about the claim that many groups have emerged in the party.
The HYC Umjaiur Unit also distributed awards to the winners of the debate on the topic, “Will the railway line bring about economic development” which was held on Monday.
The committee is headed by CEM Pynshngain as Chairman, Keneddy Khyriem as Secretary and its members include Fabian Lyngdoh, Chairman of the KHADC Legislative Assembly, Mansturdy Nongremu, former CEM of KHADC. and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
Because they could not explain, the Magistrate ordered them not to suspend until the District Administration informs them further.
Special dignitaries included the Chief Minister, PHE Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar and Social Welfare Minister Kyrmen Shylla (Local MLA) along with the Chief Executive Member of the JHADC is not in Thombor Shiwat.
“However, it is regrettable that the State Government and especially the Minister of Education have chosen the path of not thinking for the students but have tried to do politics. on this," he added.
It is prohibited to hold public rallies across parts of West Jaintia Hill District until 4th October,
These items were handed over on the 12th of July to the management of the 7th Child Care Institute and Counseling Center run by the Women Wing of Seiñraij Tuber.
The vehicle hit the child at a distance of 20 meters.
Jowai, June 24: The children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai today took part in the annual 'Shad Sukra' festival, before the children of thousands of people went to the fields to plant seeds. and he shall sow in the hope of reaping the harvest.
There is no word or name for Russia in the Bible ... India does.
“We cannot tell you what our investigation will look like, but the investigation is ongoing “he added.
They also said that the most important part is that the government should not determine the boundary by the hands or the will of the people, but should consider the documents or the ownership of the land. shyiap and according to the facts, Nongwah Mawtamur has been within Meghalaya since ancient times.
"But it doesn't mean that all Bengalis are stupid.
People from far and near the district came to witness this special day of the country at the ground of St. Peter's Higher Secondary School, Nongstoiñ.
At a short meeting to honor the 15-year-old, the KSU leaders said that the 15-year-old has the right to be praised and also to receive the Hero Award, for his deeds. His work is to save the souls of men and what he has done is that he is willing to give himself for the salvation of other souls.
Shillong: The Tham Kur has discussed how to request the authorities to name the road from Iew Sohra to Saitsohpen in memory of Myllung Soso Tham, who is from Saitsohpen, Sohra.
The Seng on the RTI of the MDC scheme 2019-2021 through Bah Sebasius has asked about the purchase of solar lights from 2019-20 at the price of 2600000 (two hundred and seventy lakh) without seeing a single solar light. within the constituency.
Besides, if you don't have the right news, please don't publish such things to mislead the ignorant people... This is not a magazine to read only by members of the Presbyterian Church but by all churches. pule lut...Therefore, I would like to request that such news should be published with questions from the authorities.
But who shall cleanse the land?
Even the estimators for the expenditure have not yet received an estimate of how much money will be needed.
He said that members of the party have been attacked by the police as well as other civil society groups.
Regarding the full budget, the Minister said it will be approved at the Budget Session soon and added that the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) will meet on Tuesday. next week for scheduling.
He added that T.11.3 crore has been allocated for the project and T.0.19 crore has been spent.
To buy all kinds of sports equipment.
These three children were honored at the Mawlai Nonglum Dorbar Hall in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and members of the Mawlai Nonglum Women's Wing.
New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has met his BJP brother-in-law Varun Gandhi at Kedarnath in the state. Uttarakhand, on the second day when both the leaders went to the top of the temple for prayer.
After this independence, the Khasi Syiems under the banner of the Federation of Khasi States fought hard and struggled with many tricks to bring the Khasi Hills under the rule of the Khasi Hills. India, with the intention of establishing its own independence, forced the Khasi chiefs to sign the Instrument of Accession. The Khasi lands should have been annexed to the Indian Dominion without the consent of the Syiem, the Mother and the children of the thousands.
Nongpoh: Tyrso Village Council has lodged a complaint against the suicide bombers who went to shoot foreigners who were shopkeepers in the market. shi Taiew in Tyrso, but the village has come forward to explain to the public about the incident, saying that the village has lodged any complaint with the police.
Prof SS Majaw, A Sun, Secretary Khasi Society, Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, K Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong Mawpat and others were present on the occasion. .
Prestone said that so far 10,000 people have returned to the state and two trains, one from Rajasthan and one from Andhra Pradesh, are on their way to pick up the passengers. cut outside the state.
Nongpoh: The National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET (UG)-2024) conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA) has been successfully examined at the Code Centre. Identify that the NTA has selected Alpha English Higher Secondary School (AEHSS), they are very sad and disappointed, that is after there was an error in the way of distributing the questions and those who had to answer them. The questions for NEET at the Center AEHSS Nongpoh, have arrived at two places, namely at SBI Nongpoh. stem, while those that arrived at Canara Bank, were the questions that were asked in the fourth book.
He said the NGT has ordered the state government to install checkpoints at all the exit points like Byrnihat, Malidor, Dawki and Saphai or Karampani to ensure that there will be no transportation. too much pud that truck kit coal.
Four Israeli soldiers were reportedly injured in the incident and Israel's aim was to destroy the area, which was used to fire at Israel.
“After the meeting in November, 2022 has not come to fruition because the elections are near.
Therefore, Khasi-Jaintia is one of the districts of Assam which grows the most riewhadem, so we feel that this crop should be considered as one of the most important crops in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The office has also informed those who wish to apply to report to the office of the Superintendent of Police in the districts mentioned above before 4th June
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, has slammed the Minister of Education, saying that if the state gets a minister like Rakkam A Sangma, he will not support the issue. The reservation policy of the state is not available.
Nongstoiñ: Lum Kyllai Lyngsngun is one of the most famous and beautiful hills in South West Khasi Hills District. It is located near Demnar village in Myriem district. and Umdohlun area which is about 37 km from Nongstoin and about 31 km from Mawkyrwat which is also the district headquarters.
Bah Etan and three children, two boys aged 10 and 6 years and a daughter aged 4 years, died in the incident.
After Wilson's goal, Lajong had a chance to score the second goal through Takuto Miki 34', which was encouraging. The SSA stadium was increasingly destroyed.
However, when there is a dismissal or promotion of a minister, there is always the opinion of the people that there is a reason,” said Dr Sangma.
This has shocked many people as this is the dorbar hall where MLAs or leaders of the people sit.
My mother told us that when I was surprised, a man came and burned my mother. My mother, my brothers and sisters were all dead.
Robert Kharshiing is the son of former MLA Prof. Martin N. Majaw and Edith M Kharshiing.
Israeli authorities last month updated the number of Israelis killed in the March 7 Hamas bombing from more than 1,400. since the beginning of the war, to more than 1,200 accurately accounted for during this period.
Stella, who won the title of Miss Meghalaya, also won a cash prize of T.1 lakh, while Angelina, who won the title of Miss Teen, won a cash prize. worth T 25,0
It is called this because if you divide the body into two parts, you can see the fibers starting from the nodes and spreading throughout the body. The internodes of this plant can later turn brown.
Some have children, some have illnesses that make them unable to work.
Neitho scored another goal in the 74th minute and Abednedo Tetteh scored the third goal in the 83rd minute.
Witnesses said that the accident happened at about 1:15 pm when a Maruti Celerio (ML 04 C 8413) was coming from the area. A Phramer driven by Pyrkhat Suchiang of Thadmuthlong Pyrdi village in West Jaintia Hills collided with a truck from the rear.
In the Gospel according to Matthew 26:41, “Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
The Departmental Sanctioning Committee includes members from Parliamentary Affairs, PWD (B), Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat and Finance Department of the State Government.
He said the shortage of passers in the examinations has continued in recent years and there is a need to address this.
Speaking on the candidates for the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, the Regional Democratic Alliance (RMA) candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin urged the people not to waste their votes but to give them their votes. vote for the RDA candidate who will not be able to bring the demands of the state to Parliament.
Joel 2:28-29.
EMH Passah gave his suggestions on the working methods for the Committee to be able to carry out good chess activities. you have won.
Then one step I followed my mother from behind until I got into the bus, but when I got into the bus, my mother tried to drive me outside the car because she didn't want me to go. I'll go to the city with you because I'm too tired and I'm wearing only old clothes.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The SKKST invites volunteers for the Raij Tuber Youth Festival to be held on the 24th of November. 2014Ka SKKST as every year invites these youths to be volunteers on this day for various activities on this day, SKKST also requests to send two young men of each color (Rot) as officers.
The team from Ri Bhoi District has won the 4th State Level Muay Thai Championship & Pro Fight 2024 organized by the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya.
In the letter, Bah Bindo Lanong, who is also one of the oldest members of the UDP, said, “There are complaints from all over the country on the election of our UDP candidates.
He also criticized Bah Ardent's intention during his tenure as CEM to pass a law on jait kpa by saying, “It is fortunate that Bah Ardent has failed but it was intended to pass a law on jait kpa. ".
The tournament was sponsored by SPT Sports Management Pvt.
In a meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills on 19th July 2023, the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (CEMA) has agreed to allocate up to 60 vehicles to JHOTA to transport goods. This has shocked the JHTOA leadership and they have taken the initiative to hold an indefinite strike to force the factories to implement the agreement. kit you bah.
Bah Dominik and his band have been well known in inter-district and state level cultural programs in the field of music and singing in their traditional tunes.
The celebration was conducted by Babu S.Nongrang President and Chairman of TJMCC
South West Khasi Hills District is the most backward area compared to other districts in Meghalaya.
The US Navy, which is searching for the plane, has confirmed that there is no heavy weapon underwater.
He said that in 2018 the people elected him as the father of the constituency, so it is the duty of the father to look after the problems of the children.
Therefore, this new name is a misuse of power and not as expected by the people”.
The purpose of this meeting is to bring about the spirit of unity among the domestic workers.
Police said that the Chief Minister Biplab Dey has ordered that no one should be allowed to enter those areas especially foreigners.
He said that as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, he has taken responsibility and has spoken to the Union Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan, in which he has promised to do whatever he can and has ordered. to meet with the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of India.
Modi said he was born into a poor family and experienced hardships himself.
In the past, they used to go to Pongti, about 100 kilometers south of Longleng.
Manchester United beat Fulham 3-0 with goals scored by Paul Pogba in the 14th minute, a penalty in the 65th minute and Anthony Martial in the 23rd minute.
The suspension of the country's football authorities has caused great sorrow among many former and current football players of India.
Luke 24:6.
Tura, July 17: A team of leading athletes from East Khasi Hills District have continued to promote their district in the 5th Meghalaya Games held at Tura, West Garo Hills District. in several races that concluded Tuesday.
There are always set rules.
Only students xi, xii and teachers were invited to the schools. College students from all streams from colleges and universities were invited to show the determination of the people to demand their mother tongue.
Former Mawlai MLA Process T. Sawkmie has expressed his willingness to contest the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat. The President of the UDP and at the same time the MLA and Minister of the State Government has said that he has no desire to contest this election as the post of MLA and Minister are already the two posts that have been banned. He is also an MDC of Jaïaw Constituency.
The fish was described in an article written by four environmentalists in November
The Act has been repealed in Rajasthan by the BJP government, as it has been implemented by some private individuals.
Shillong, July 15: After three and a half months of distance between Mukul Sangma and the Sengbhalang leaders, a meeting was held today at the Secretariat, Shillong. FKJGP President Joe Marwein, HNYF General Secretary Sadon Kblah, KSU President Daniel Khyriem, HNYF President GH Kharshanlor and many others.
The question I would like to ask now is 'How much time do we spend for God and how much time do we spend in this small thing that is only the size of a hand but can hold the key to us? precious creation of God?.
Even in 1971, the population of Khasi-Jaintia was about 45% and Garokumba 32%, but even so, the census was implemented. Only God knows the inability of those before us to accept this inadequate State Reservation Policy, besides the lack of Prime Minister and the lack of The state does not have a proper border with Assam which still affects the state.
“The government wants to turn it into a state of natural fertilizers, but there is no organic fertilizer, and the people cannot afford to buy chemical fertilizers.
From this, we can understand that this COVID-19 is not just a small disease like the above mentioned diseases, but a Great Pandemic that affects not only any country but also which devours men only those who are weak and unprepared to fight against it.
Thanks also go to all the Seiñ Raij Shnongs, Seiñ Raij Dongs, Dorbar Shnong, VDP Tuber Kmaishnong, Volunteers, Women's Associations, Sein Raij Youth Association Tuber, as well as the Chief Executive Members of the Dolloi, Longdoh, Wasan, Secretary Presidents of various Raijs, Seng Khihlang, Sein Kyntu Seiñ 12-Dolloi, and also to its Secretary and Chairman.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the change of ministers in the Cabinet is not yet in the mind of the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, regarding the sudden disappearance of Reliance Communications Ltd.
However, in the traditional religion there is another form of division which the religious and believers distinguish by their own region as in the world.
"But they have plainly destroyed all the work," Ghosh said.
The group has submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills District Autonomous Council (KHADC) to inform the Regional Committee to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. second, which relates mainly to Block-2
Meghalaya, who have four points, were eliminated from the match and had to return home.
Police are still searching for the family members of Birju to take the money and others from the bank.
It is to be recalled that the Prime Minister today said that the talks on the border between Assam and Meghalaya have reached 98% consensus and there are only 2 votes left. % will still need to be trained on this issue.
Before going to the night, let us go aside – there is a saying that a country and a nation that forgets its geography and history can reach the point of disappearing from the face of the earth.
The development of the youth is very important.
The KJCLF urges the State authorities and the Central Government to protect the lives and property of the Rit Paid across the country.
Sidhu was reportedly shot 30 times.
, Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by fire and brimstone.
The fete was scheduled to be held on the 11th of June, but for unavoidable reasons it was postponed to the 26th of June.
Before the celebration of the Anti-Drug Day, a 5 km marathon was held which started from Saiden Indoor Stadium and ended at the NSCA Indoor Stadium, Umlyngkdait Nongpoh. The Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Government of India together with the District Sport Officer of Nongpoh has also taken part in the celebration. .
It is also prohibited to detonate firecrackers within 100 meters of hospitals, nursing homes, primary and district health care centres, schools, courts, places of worship or any place notified that that's the Silent Zone.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25: The East Jaintia Hills Circle, on Tuesday expressed its concern over the lack of action by the National Highway Authority of India (NH-6) to repair the NH-6 road in East Jaintia Hills District. The union has given the NHAI only two months to repair the road. The union has given the NHAI only two months to repair the road.
The SP said that police have recovered a .32 Pistol from the scene of the shooting of the Managere. He said that demand letters have been registered against all wine stores in Williamnagar in the names of Matchadu Matchabet (MM), ATF and UALA and other emerging militant groups. Police are conducting search operations in the area to arrest the suspects.
“I will not contest the MDC election, because I want one person to have one seat, therefore I want to allow others to contest the MDC election,” he said.
“Has the Delimitation Committee been able to complete its work within six months?
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of Ieng Rasong Sports and Cultural Club, Shillong.
Shillong: Police of Bako Police Station, Assam, today released two Khasi youths who were abducted from Umwali area yesterday evening.
Speaking at Gokul in North Garo Hills today, Jairam said that PA Sangma is his teacher in politics. “This is an election to honor PA Sangma, one of the prominent leaders of the country,” Oram said.
If the winners cannot receive the prize themselves, they can also send them to their relatives.
“According to the information received from the owner of the house, the child has been working for about three years.
This is in the spirit of struggle of Children with Disabilities.
Leborlang Lyngdoh of Rymbai and Dapmain Shylla of Byndihat, have congratulated the Government of India and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, for taking action to lift the coal ban. The Congress government has not done anything, the statement said.
Manika, one of India's table tennis stars, played hard and had chances to score points.
During the raid, they also arrested 13 persons who have been charged under the Excise Act.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is contesting from Shillong West, on Tuesday said that the UDP will not need allies to join hands in this election. more than 30 people.
There are 361 recoveries and 6 deaths.
Meghalaya has already qualified for the final round of the Group-5 tournament where it is at the bottom of the group in their match which was played on the 1st of this month. of the month of July.
We see here that Satan is lying.
On the other hand, the SNSBH has strongly opposed the decision of the Meghalaya United Alliance-II (MUA-II) Government to ban Government employees from holding posts in the Dorbar Shnongs and demanded that it should be stopped completely. to introduce any amendment to the Meghalaya Services Rules of Conduct.
Before talking to reporters, the CoMSO had placed flags and signs on walls and clothes around the city, especially in Shillong under heavy security by law enforcement agencies.
The Minister said that the funds collected for the education of the children have increased in non-use until 2019 and added that the present Government has ordered to use the funds collected for the education of the children. form of taxes for the maintenance and construction of educational institutions for the benefit of Government schools throughout the State.
The MLP, which came out first, managed to score 115 runs in 15 overs.
“It is the victory of the ARPA. We have won the victory over the state government's plan to force the Administrator in the Council,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. Since its inception, the ARPA has opposed the government's plan to force the Administrator's rule because it is not in accordance with democracy.
Recently, a longkmie, Kong MK Jahrin, who used to sell kwai on the main road near Ri Lyngngam School Nongstoiñ, said that one night after midnight, she closed her door. and went into the shop to wait for her husband to come.
In the incident, the BSF opened fire on the crowd and a man named Asen M Marak was killed.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Body Builders Association (MSA) and the Meghalaya Yoga Association (MYA) have jointly organized the 47′′ State Body Building Championships and the 42nd State Yogasana Championships scheduled to be held on the 30th of November Indian Culture, Shillong.
The Prophet Micah wrote of Bethlehem in the 3rd century B.C., “But thou, Bethlehem Ephrathah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah (Israel), yet shalt thou come forth unto me (to God) one who shall be to be ruler in Israel: whose goings forth are from everlasting, even from everlasting" Micah 5′′2
The Wahthapbroo Dorbar Shnong sends its condolences to the family of Vikash Nandwal, owner of Meghalaya Machineries shop, who died in a fire inside the shop. last week.
They have to live, they have to farm and earn a living.
When asked about this, Dr Syngkon said, who says that they are against the Hindi language, and said that those who say that they should listen carefully and look carefully at their speech on the Hindi language. and added that to accuse such and such is too childish.
Mr. & Miss Ummulong Presbyterian College enriched the celebration with songs, dances and competitions.
How do you explain if you know that the job is on a purely contractual or officiating basis?
“One hundred percent right,” said the son.
The reply also showed that in the first phase (phase I) the KHADC has cleaned from Umkaliar to Mawlai Bridge.
Then he wrote again, 'We don't need Christians but Hindutva! There will be no Bible except the Bhagavad Gita!' 'Hindu Rashtr Banake Rehengey' at the end of the article 'Jai Sri Ram-Jai Sri Ram-Jai Sri Ram'
The DC said that at present they are only sending people, as they have not yet received the infrared digital thermometer.
“It is" agreed the father and reached out to take a slice that had been cut.
In this regard, you are requested to confirm this allegation and submit a report on this matter to the signatory of this letter before 26th June.
NPP Nagaland General Secretary Vivekraj Wangkhem said Longkumer is the brother of the late MLA Imtikumzuk Longkumer and he hopes to win the election.
The State Government through the MSSDS under the Labor Department has launched a program called Skill Meghalaya.
Dhar was arrested under the PSC/No.1(1) 2012 U/S 392 IPC along with two other friends for stealing a bike (No.ML08-B-). 0713) and T.1200/- from Clemenstone Ch.
It is learned that the state government has not released the salaries of the teachers of the college after a dispute with the Principal of the college.
In this match which was played at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium, the first goal for the team was scored through an own goal by a player of Assam Regiment. Aibiang Nongneng scored the second goal in the 72nd minute and Meban Wahlang scored the third goal in the 86th minute.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday closed down several banks in Shillong for disrespecting the Shad Nongkrem holiday.
New Delhi: The Government of India, on this occasion, has seen the threat of the corona virus and has advised the public to wear masks, even when they are sleeping. don inside the house too.
There are 640 cases in East Khasi Hills District 498 including 194 BSF personnel, 243 civilians and 61 Armed Forces personnel. cases in Ri Bhoi District, 17 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 17 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 29 cases in West Garo Hills District, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills District and 2 cases in South Garo Hills District.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: As the polling day for the MLA Election 2023 approaches, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has found that there is no preparation. and organization of rallies/campaigns by star campaigners/leaders of various parties.
N.B CUET is mandatory for in NEHU Campus Courses.
Shillong, November 6: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today reprimanded Comingone Ymbon, who has resigned from the post of Minister of Electricity.
In such cases, use tympew leaves to relieve the pain of the body, this will help to recover quickly from the injuries of the body.
Shillong: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) today released its election manifesto with the target of making all Aganwadi workers full time government employees in the state.
It will also be the second visit of the AITC Chairperson to Meghalaya, after her first visit to Meghalaya last year.
Shillong, July 09: The Excise Department of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that the liquor shop of Bah Ernest Mawrie at 12 Mile (Umnongneng) within the boundary of Pommura village will remain open. the place, because it is not in a legally accepted place, that is, according to the distance from the road.
Not to mention I had to wait for hours and after 2 hours of waiting he would do the job.
“If MeECL is quick to cut off the electricity, to impose fines because people cannot pay and not because of their fault, what else has it done to the companies that have spent billions of rupees,” he said. said Dr Mawtho.
And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal, which he had built in Samaria; and Ahab made an Asherah.
Therefore, in order to promote these types of clothes and especially to improve the production of such clothes, I promise you that I will work hard in this regard, because of the ability to produce “These types of clothes are not only famous, but also one of the sources of employment for those unemployed youth,” he added.
On assuming office, Child Development Minister Kiren Rijiju visited the state and after that, DoNER Minister Jitendra Singh visited Shillong and to attend the Plenary Meeting of the NEC in this city.
Samla Mayborn also asked the government how in 2015-16, when the state has a budget of Rs 13,000 crore, it has not increased by 100% while the budget has reached Rs 17,000 crore. tam cannot improve as all the teachers want.
During these four days, tourists will be closed to Nan Polo until 8 pm. Then they will be allowed to visit Forest Colony, Lawsohtun and Upper Shillong. look at the Synrai tree that is still blooming.
Rangbah, According to the above, we as the Dorbar Chnong Samasi request you to please publish a news item.
Those who have fled from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan, who have fled to India due to religious persecution, will get the right to citizenship, he said.
The union demands that all the factories should take part in the cleaning of the Narpuh River especially the Lukha River which has been affected by the influx of dewbilat factories.
'These people who have been killed are Ismailis whom we call disbelievers or unbelievers. We have sent four men to attack in the coming days we will attack Ismailis, Shiites and Christians. said Ahmed Marwat, spokesperson for the party.
During the meeting, Bah John congratulated and congratulated Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC, Chief Executive Member, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Kharshiing, said that the demands of the Federation of Khasi States have become more prominent and recently the MHA has sent a letter to the Dorbar that the MHA has directed the State Government to consider the issue of Instrument. Therefore, it is necessary to meet between the KHADC authorities, the State Government and the Chief Executive Members to reach an agreement on this issue which affects the rights of the children of the thousands. John F Kharshiing, said that earlier, talks had been going on with the old EC, KHUDA under the leadership of the former CEM, but with the MDC election, these talks have been held. The Regional Council for the Chief Executive Members has been suspended.
Speaking to media, he said that the meeting with the 29 MDCs was called as the KHADC to meet the PSC with one voice.
We have been protected by the Constitution of a beautiful country as a country that is free in religion or belief where we are free to follow any religion we want and we expect this to pass ".
He said that the site at Barik is central to all the schools and on the 3rd of March the department will visit the site before sending the proposal to the government.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to oppose the proposal to hold a public hearing for the construction of a coal mine at the Star Cement Factory in front of the DC office.
The incident happened a day after the Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC-B) sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government naming the policeman who allegedly Balsan Marak, a youth who died on the 20th of July, at a government hospital, is under investigation.
Shillong, March 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne on Saturday inaugurated the Lawsohtun Drinking Water Supply Scheme for Lawsohtun Village. This was announced by the MDC of Laban – Mawprem.
The farmers' protest was held in Mandya and Srirangapatna along the Cauvery River.
Speaking at a meeting at Umbuda, BJP Kisan Morcha National President Rajkumar Chahar said he is looking forward to meeting with the farmers of Ri Bhoi and Meghalaya as a whole. His visit to Meghalaya is also part of the meeting to hear about the problems of the farmers where the BJP government has a goal to develop the farmers.
Speaking to media after the meeting, MPCC Working President Bah PN Syiem, who was also elected as Chairman of the SCCC, said the meeting was deeply concerned about the increasing traffic jam.
The National Green Tribunal has banned the mining and quarrying of coal in Meghalaya in June
For this reason, we often see that those who have been chosen are sworn before God to rule righteously and to do righteously in the work of ruling the country, because the life and death of any race. Mankind is in the hands of the leaders, kings or rulers, because God has already given into the hands of man to rule this world from the beginning.
“It’s not true, I never did anything wrong.
Shillong, July 14: Ajaju R Marak, Publicity Secretary of the ANVC-B, on Tuesday said that the Chairman of the ANVC-B has a strong handshake between the leaders of the party. He has a close relationship with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and said that the chairman has no relationship with the party.
Verse 17 says, “For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. from their eyes.
The contest in Sohiong will be between the political parties in the Government and the parties in the Opposition.
Wushu will begin on the 7th of this month.
As of Tuesday morning, police have not arrested anyone involved in the shooting.
The program was held at the MCA Cricket Ground, Polo immediately after the practice session in the presence of MCA President Gideon Kharkongor.
She said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong has entrusted to the Seng Khasi to collect and codify the customs and traditions of the people in order to preserve the identity of the people. community.
But do you understand that the Ïewduh belongs to the Khasi? The owner/trader is responsible for 'bai siew' for this and that.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: Two leading civil society organizations of East Jaintia Hills District, including HNYF-East Jaintia Hills Zone and HANM-Khliehriat Circle, have given their full support to the decision of the SRS-East Jaintia Hills District. The JHADC has divided the constituencies in such a way that it will be appropriate according to the location and population so that it will be convenient not only for the candidates but especially for the development and benefit of the people of the constituencies. The various departments of the District shall be run smoothly in all aspects.
He said that the increase in the price of petrol has led to an increase in transportation costs across the state and affected the price of essential commodities.
The Nepalis and the Assam police will watch from a distance just like that myrsiang who watched the fight between the pig and the wolf until they both died.
You are a sinner, before God's Elect Leader! Remember! Read, it's the first If you don't have knowledge! Who has developed the State?? Look out People! The future will be better Candidates must be elected, Candidates must be elected. They put First! Let us elect them, The country will rise, The religion and customs, behind them, The struggle must disappear! People of Nongjied, come now to Nongthawain, don't choose! That's right, that's chess! To be happy in the country, to be good and to be happy.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, who represented the state in the 62nd edition of the Sub Junior Boys International Football Tournament, beat Maharashtra 1-0 at AF Jal, Bengaluru, Karnataka. monday.
Ecuadorian Vice President Otto Sonnenholzner has apologized to the public after many complained about the government's stinginess.
“When I think about it our income is still nothing.
Shillong, July 7: The President of the Chdooh Ri Jaintia Wama (CRJW) MaWK Su Chiang has sent a letter to the Government on 30th July to exempt Rule 25 (5) relating to the armed conflict. election of Rangbah Shnong according to the Jowai Bill.
On 16th March, the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (NPP) led by the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (NPP) decided to appoint Conrad as Chief Executive Member (CEM) but it did not succeed because he should not have been appointed as MDC. On the 21st of March, Williamnagar MDC Denang T Sangma took over the post of CEM. ap till now.
In order to help these families, the employees of the MLA and MDC, have distributed these food items as directed by the MLA and MDC, in order to help these families. They distributed rice, wheat, dai and other necessities to the quarantined persons.
The Head of State, Minister of Agriculture, urged the people who attended the awareness program to share with others the information they have received from this training programme. they received on this day.
Not only that, the neighbors also met with the markhmat to express their sorrow over the death of the five month old child and handed over a short letter.
On the other hand, FKJGP, Bah Eldie Lyngdoh, said that the party has taken action as soon as it learned that Bah Michael Warjri, has been attacked by the people and especially after he was taken away by the police. Assam police and arrested him in Guwahati Central Jail.
“To run the export market, there needs to be a proper environment in which the government and other stakeholders should help to provide vehicles to transport and distribute so that it does not break down,” Barpujari said.
"Every time we met, the answer was that this matter is being examined.
It may be difficult, but we are ready for every challenge.
It is clear that the Khasi first arrived around 3000 BC.
Thus, the origins of the Khyndai Umdih Khyndai Umtong, which have been called 'tang since the old days of LIR, the mother of SHULONG, are as follows: –Sl.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the journalists have been able to inspect the Wahjapuh Bridge, and the most dangerous thing about the bridge is the violation of the law by the trucks carrying coal. which may cause any danger to the people passing through the bridge.
Speaking on the times of Pandit Nehru and Lal Bahadur Shastri to Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh, the Prime Minister said that they have paved a new path for the country under their leadership and now it is the country. time to show off their achievements.
The speeches of Bah Shylla and Bah Banteidor were very valuable and profound.
The earthquake measured 5.2 on the Richter scale and struck Goalpara in Lower Assam at a depth of 14 kilometers.
“We hope that in 2018, the people will bring about a change to reject the Congress,” he said.
The three Khasi youths who have been charged by the Assam Police have been brought before the Assam High Court.
The State is looking forward to winning Olympic medals," he added.
It may be recalled that the KSU Huroi unit has already suspended the work once on 29th November 2018, but the District Administration through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, has promised to pay for the work. They have requested the union to allow the company to do the work.
" “With the little experience that I have gained I want to make this new government respect the local administration, respect the local officers, respect the executive rules as laid down in the past, we can improve on that but we cannot just do away with all of them,” he added.
And these are the ones who have destroyed our nation.
A case has been registered under Section 44(08) 2023 u/s 386/120 B IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
She said that the new film to be released at Bijou Cinema is 'Romeo and Rosy' and Student Bangalore is being prepared.
The desire of many is because they have tired of those leaders who are merchants who have come to buy their rights with deceptions and promises that are as they know them. the issues of the people but only before the election.
“This is a voluntary contribution from all the 60 MLAs to contribute to the Chief Minister Relief Fund,” he said.
“The people of the North East have confidence in Narendra Modi and the BJP, but the party has turned against us,” the statement said.
Let us also take the example of the Jewish nation, although they are small, but the Jewish country is one of the strongest and fastest growing countries in the world because they have self determination.
This is one of the problems faced by the farmers because to cultivate sying they have to take loans from the bank.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that the allegation will remain and he does not want to see any corruption. If there is any problem, the police will take action according to the law.
This game is for children between 4-13 years old.
However, the tournament went smoothly and ended on Tuesday evening, in the presence of MLA Bah Mac Millan Byrsat as the chief guest.
UDP Youth Wing President Titosstar Well Chyne said that the operation of the gate in Byrnihat has caused doubts among the people.
This is the first time that the leaders of the District Council and the State Government together with experts have met and discussed difficult issues regarding the accounting system of the State Authorities.
The gift or acquisition of intellectual power is not fully fulfilling for a person unless it is also the power to shape a good life.
“And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold”.
AAMEF President Hiten Mahnata demanded that the management should release five months salary and other benefits to the employees before closing it.
However, they also found that their eyes were quickly closed.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that after receiving complaints from many village authorities, they have been against the residents who come from one district to another. Quarantine.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PBH Tympuiñ, Sordar of Siejlieh, Samla Deborland Kharsyntiew, Secretary, Samla Bendrowell Hashah, Secretary, Samla Bendrowell Hashah, Secretary, Siejlieh and other elders of the village.
All these are just ways to deceive the people so that the government of Conrad Sangma will come back once again to rule for five years.
We don't accept your apology from Bangalore, We accept it until you come here to apologize.
Egypt today confirmed 33 new cases of the virus in the country, mostly in the Nile River basin.
In the SSLC examination, 55,189 students will appear, and in the HSSLC examination, 34,335 students will appear for Arts, Science and Commerce, Vocational.
In this petition, the Dorbar Shnong informed that the census is still within Sohiong C&RD Block, the Rational Crd is still from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the Job Card is still from Sohiong C&RD Block. The ICDS is still under the jurisdiction of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer, the PMAY scheme. They are still receiving benefits from Sohiong C&RD Block and other benefits are still receiving from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Iaiong 8: Two Presbyterian churches at Baniun and Sadew Churches were found on Sunday morning. Khasi these articles as written in these booklets, at the top of the article is written “The Bio Microchip and the Mark of the Beast (Revelation 13:15-18)”.
The students demanded that the Vice Chancellor should resign for ignoring their demands.
Therefore, the family members of the deceased have urged and requested anyone who has seen or found to please inform the family members or at these numbers no.9856616530,9856501175,9856692740,8
Both the teams received category awards and buskit.
Ilkay Gundagan scored for City in the 27th minute and Kevin De Bruyne in the 85th minute, while Jeffy Schulpp scored for Crystal Palace in the 33rd minute and Andros scored for Crystal Palace. Townsend in the 35th minute and Luka Milivojevic in the 51st minute.
“According to the report on the Performance Grading Index (PGI) for the second quarter, Meghalaya has dropped to the bottom in the PIE Index 2020-21 for primary schools and The secondary of Meghalaya comes after Bihar,” said the Seng.
This was after police registered a case against HYC President Roykupar Synrem, Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh and Assistant General Secretary Isaac Basaiawmoit on the 23rd of this month.
In his sermon, the Archbishop urged the newly consecrated Priests to become the instruments of God by the power of the Holy Spirit.
In another development, the Indian Army and Assam Rifles have also taken steps to provide relief to about 4,000 residents affected by the floods. event.
The match was played at the Basketball Court of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat.
“Why doesn't the Indian government grant ILP to Meghalaya, how can we get Manipur when we have been demanding for a long time.
“The HNLC has not yet started any violence since it was agreed that there will be no peace talks.
“Who is the chairman of GNLA, ANVC and ANVC-B? I think there is only one person called Mukul,” said Purno.
These contractors are from Tikrikilla in West Garo Hills and are involved in the construction of a farm owned by Farmcy Dora Syiem.
The ceremony was attended by the elders of the village and others.
Many readers will ask: “What do you mean and please explain clearly what does khadar rule mean?” The idea of ​​khadar rule in our state at these times means-a) There should be rule by law.
He said that after two days of protest they have not received any reply and now they will temporarily suspend the protest after they have taken and prepared a path for the protest. get your own right.
However, these villages have received electricity from the RGVVY scheme, which is a scheme of the central government.
In the women's category, West Khasi Hills will face Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills will face West Jaintia Hills.
Replying to this, District Council Affairs Minister James Sangma said that Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, when he was an MLA during the Congress rule, had raised this issue. but the Congress government has refused.
“500 marks in the personal interview, someone who gets 293 marks wins, that should be condemned,” said Bah Shylla while speaking at the General Council of the UDP Umsning Circle held on Saturday. Snow.
The incident happened in Mumbai five years ago.
On the 14th and 15th the crowd went out to leave.
Nongpoh: The Step Market was opened at Mawspeng Square, Mawroh, Ri Bhoi District this morning at 7 pm.
“The GHADC will have to send its own resolution to the Governor because the Repealing Act, 1897, as written by Dr. Milton S. Sangma, has abolished the ILP in Garo Hills since the time of the ILP. British Government of India.
R.D.Siangshai, the union has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the by pass road which has left only a few wells filled with water in the middle of the road. Forget about this road because since the construction of this road there has been no maintenance by the department.
The Legislative Assembly on Friday will elect a Lamphang without the need for MLAs to vote.
He is from Mawkhyllei village in West Khasi Hills District and lives in Mawlai Motsyiar village to work as a daju transporter in Shillong so that he can support his family.
"Eighteen security guards of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma were injured on Tuesday after being thrown stones by the crowd. outside the venue where the event is held.
He was wise, humble, and rank, but he would not be very talkative, because he was short of money.
He said the government should not implement the Bill which was passed by the Council in the last session.
According to the preparations of the school, the cost of construction of the new building is T.4, 64, 71000/-. Leaders from Ma Vincent H Pala, Bah Mayral Born Syiem to take the initiative to implement the scheme as a means of achieving this goal and aspiration soon.
Ladrymbai Police Station is investigating the incident.
Kenal Dkhar scored the first goal for Saindur in the 68th minute.
The purpose of this program is to bring together people with special needs by holding a meeting to encourage them that despite their physical disabilities, they should not lose hope because they have the ability to do many of these great works, such as singing, dancing, playing music and other works as well as others who are physically fit.
It is said that the lack of water pipes and the setting of garbage in the drains has been the main reason why this road has been in poor condition for many years and it has been seen that perhaps no one has taken action to look after it. to improve this place.
I don't want to be like those who don't lose their morality.
He said one of the reasons for holding this meeting was to oppose the Governor, Tathagatha Roy who is an agent of the BJP. Even though the State Government has already sent for six months to pass the MRSSA, the Governor has delayed in signing the MRSSA. understand that if the MRSSA does not work it will be a loss to him and his people.
This author has no intention of undermining the efforts of Governments to resolve the border issue.
It is expected that the government led by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma will pass the bill in the next session as it appears that the draft bill has already been drafted and finalized. shadows.
The equipment was taken to the Civil Hospital in Mawkyrwat.
The FKJGP under the leadership of General Secretary Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, has inspected the Industrial Estate to collect Trading License and Labor License after receiving accurate information through RTI that many factories have been operating illegally in the area. You have obtained a Trading License from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said these roads include the Mawrang to Rambrai road which is 2.5 kilometers long, the Langpih road which will soon be sanctioned and the PMGSY road from Mawlangsu to Mawthungmarwei.
The Chief Minister of Jirang, said that the preparations in these three public health centers have been more adequate, although there are still some shortcomings, in terms of protective equipment. for caregivers, including personal protective equipment and others.
The impact is especially on the children who study online, but worse still, many thieves have been robbed in the village who have taken advantage of the darkness.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar with the participation of the Priests and religious leaders.
National People's Party (NPP) MDCs Spokesperson Phasmon Dkhar admitted that all 12 NPP MDCs are still united with the support of three independent MDCs and a sieh MDC.
"Doctor! The child has been dead for about three minutes.
The Union of Taxi Drivers of Sor and Khapsor has lodged a complaint with the Principal Secretary & Commissioner of Transport of the State Government at Sawlad, Shillong to protest against the refusal of the employees of the District Transport Office in Ri Bhoi District to book local taxis. Shillong to Umroi Airport.
As soon as Satan is cast out of the second heaven, know that the greatest tribulation has come, which has never been before and will never be again.
He is the chief of the servants of the country and sits on the throne not for wealth, honor but to serve the country for the poorest.
Police have recovered two mobile phones, T.2500 cash and a Tata Winger NL-07-T-0
If the MBOSE sends students to complete all the chapters as usual, it will be difficult for the students who are less intelligent (except for a few who are intelligent) because they will become stupid if they complete the chapters too quickly.
At the same time, he urged the children of the church in the village churches even if they are in poverty and lack of income, he said to take the example of Kong Bilet Tariang to support the Bishop Victor Lyngdoh said that the Church has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
The purpose of the tournament is to promote football in the region, to select talented players to represent them at the District, State and National Level. as a way to get a job for the players who come forward.
Initially, police arrested Moni Zaman, son of Kaybor Ali from Shyamding and after a thorough investigation, police arrested the other three.
Since its inception, the number of PMJDY accounts has increased from 147.2 million in October 2015 to 462 million before July 2022; Women own 56% of these accounts worth 260 million.
The President of BJYM, has visited and sought information on the shortages faced by the patients from time to time.
We are not saying here that the Government's takeover of banks is bad or good, but since the Government now has the authority to run these banks and the relationship and assistance to the farmers, it should also look into that people should not take advantage of this opportunity to misuse it.
In building closer economic relations with South East Asia, we are promoting the North East as the focal point of the Act East Policy by improving transportation.
Unfounded people who have time to listen and listen to the explanation of the candidates themselves before do not have a solid foundation.
He also explained that the allegation that the BJP is a party that attacks Christians is merely a threat.
This is also to inform the owners, drivers including government vehicles or private vehicles and even public vehicles that the installation of Radium Reflectors will start from 1st June 2022 to 31st June January, 2022.
The drugs and two mobile phones were seized from the suspects and a case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station under Section 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act.
Shillong, October 16: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEA) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. MEPA General Secretary Phillip Marwein has also sent a copy to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and the Leader of the Opposition. Speech in the Legislative Assembly on 10th October,
Therefore, I as the accused and the explainer am very sorry and worried about it.
The party said it will continue to follow up on the syrnod of these three Khar Muslims.
The meeting was also attended by District Coordinator Malangcourt Sangma, Block Committee Vice President Hamay Koch and Block Committee President Grace Sangma.
When asked about the rumors that many Congress MLAs in the state will leave the party before the elections, Gourab said, “The BJP says that the MLAs and Congress leaders are corrupt. Why do you invite them to join the BJP?
“There should be mutual respect between Assam and Meghalaya, if they (Assam) don't respect each other, we shouldn't respect each other,” he said.
In the past few days, Cherish has admitted that he has not left the HNLC, but has retired from the party, which he has been with since
/ John 5:29.
The confusion within the government should not affect the people.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of South West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday strongly condemned the police for shooting dead two persons and injuring and many others at Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills District, on the evening of the 24th of this month.
He said that there are now about 3,500 youths who have come to join the Congress for their future.
Other human rights problems which should not have arisen, just because of the negligence of some of the village leaders, have caused suffering to the villagers.
We have a Government letter which we received as evidence in 1957 confirming that there is no border between the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Mikir and North Cachar Hills issued by Bah RT Rymbai, ACS of the Government. Assam.
The state through the MSA won 2 gold, 3 silver and 13 bronze medals.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21: After the heavy rainfall on July 16, 2022, the water level in the rivers has risen. who are near the river.
To inquire from the Union Minister regarding the memorandum to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, the Khasi Author Society (KAS) sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India vide Letter No/KAS/EC/2018-2021/33 dated 21 January
The meeting was attended by Congress leaders HDR Lyngdoh MLA Sohiong, Minister of State, SG Khongiong, Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang, Jop Shylla President Women, Leader of Meat Farmers. Generous Warjri and others.
In the first leg of the tournament, Lajong beat Churchill Brothers 4-2 at the Tilak Maidan Stadium in Goa.
India is making progress in promoting krai around the world with the aim of making krai a part of everyone's diet.
Therefore, he hopes that this year Bah Alvin will win again with the support of Bah Shangpliang.
Speaking at a rally at Malki Square, Shillong, Rahul Gandhi said, “The BJP-RSS has no respect for anyone, so we have to fight against such intents through its path. non-violence to protect the customs, culture and rights of the people".
“We have met with the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy and he has assured us that he will take it to the House recently but he has not done so,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang, 11: U Shubankar Dev, 46, resident of Rynjah, Shillong, has died in an accident on Tuesday. by 11:00pm yesterday.
About half an hour later, the man came back with four others to attack the woman and her son, steal money from the store and flee the scene.
“We have taken all the necessary measures and the work has progressed to issue an Ordinance which will be promulgated by the Governor,” he said.
As part of the training and strengthening of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA), the management of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has taken another step. The U-19 cricket team at the training camp of Vadodara Cricket Academy.
“We also want other MLAs and the people to join our party,” he said.
The closing date for receipt of teams for this tournament will be on 10th March,
Shillong: The Adventurous Hynniewtrep Off Road Challenge (AHOR) will hold the AHOR 4×4 Off Road Challenge.
In this regard, the union has met from time to time with the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and on 5th July 2023 has submitted a petition urging the SMB to take action. to destroy these people.
Figo Syndai (34), Shano Tariang (54) and Riborlang Dkhar (57) scored the three goals for Jarain.
Speaking at the meeting, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne said that the government has laid the foundation stone for the new plan on June 10, The factory was promised to be completed within 3 years, but now it is clear that the people of Sohra have been deceived, because even after 10 years, the new factory has not been completed.
The MPUF on 9th June lodged a complaint against the foreigner at Lad Rymbai police station for selling damaged goods and not having a proper trading licence.
The NPP leader said many people have expressed their willingness to join the party and “We will welcome them at any time”.
The Samaritans said to him, “We know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world.
All the activities of the MDA government are conducted by the High Level.
On the strike by the SSA and Adhoc teachers regarding their salaries, he said the opposition sees that the MDA government has not taken responsibility for their problems. they have not done what they promised during the elections.
Through this bill, there is now a big question, how will the current Speaker of the House, treat PT Sawkmie, who left KHNAM, Grace Mary Kharpuri, who left HSPDP? Hadrian Lyngdoh, who left the UDP, and James Sylliang, who earlier joined the Congress and now joined the ARPA.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a senior Magistrate said that the shops that have been opened have been ordered by the district administration of East Khasi Hills.
The colors used in such a celebration are red, blue, green and stem.
He said that in Jaintia Hills alone, 135 nurses have not received their salaries and in other parts of the state, more than 450 nurses have not received their salaries for three months. Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the party.
The CBI has recovered a large amount of money and documents during the search, the Shillong Times reported today.
In India, the number of cases of Coronavirus is increasing day by day.
Therefore, we must be steadfast and trust in the Lord Jesus so that we can distinguish between right and wrong.
Not only that, the police have also directed the village leaders to apply for a No Objection Certificate from the Deputy Commissioner of Karbi Anglong on the construction of the Durbar, otherwise they will demolish the Durbar. .
After a while the king's house, the street house and the soh garden, the flower garden where the King and the Queen used to play and the belongings inside the street house fell into the sea.
The state has been severely affected by the free entry of foreigners.
He said that the influx of foreigners will affect the income of the indigenous people if the District Council does not take action as soon as possible to ban these foreigners by law. in the District Council.
It is also the first time that NOTA will be used in the MDC elections which is designed to enable the people who do not want to vote for anyone, but to complete their voting.
Save yourself alone in this wicked and corrupt world by true repentance, for God sees the false truths in us all, for God will reward each one.
“We have got Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland, the time is near for us to rule Meghalaya,” said BL Santhosh while speaking at a BJP meeting held at Mawlong, Shella today. constituency.
Why is the Government so slow? Why are the leaders of the people who have been elected by the people insulting their own voters? Two thousand people will not speak because the problems and backwardness will affect the people if they are influenced by money during the elections.
Considering the employment of this company to us, the KHADC should issue free trading license to us who are just starting out and the KHADC should encourage the company to expand its branches to other places like Nongpoh and Jowai so that the unemployed youth can get involved in drugs and other evil deeds, isn't it better to earn their living by distributing food to others? The issue of trading license but should not be a barrier and cause of loss of income for the youth and in the same way this deprives the youth who are still looking for jobs.
The Dorbar Shnong Riangdo has taken the responsibility to send volunteers along with the police to ensure that there will be no clashes between the NPP and HSPDP supporters who have gathered in the tens of thousands.
We cannot write down all the problems, sufferings we face such as lack of economic development, lack of health facilities, schools and offices, teachers in Meghalaya do not receive salaries without pay. , teachers have to sleep on the streets and be tied and bombed with tear gas to get their rights, workers and contractors have to face their own problems, students have to wait for years and threaten Protest against the government not only to get scholarships, indigenous people who work in their own jobs in many cases have to become spectators of foreigners who come to earn money from our state and many other problems which we as a nation and a state have found.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajiedkupar said that his father has worked for 31 years for the constituency and will succeed him in completing the duties. they didn't lead him.
In the past years, we have shot dead your brother, Lal Singh, for his crimes, which have hurt the feelings of our people,” said the HNLC. It is clear that any foreigners who have settled in Hynniewtrep, we welcome you to live here, but refrain from owning our land, using force, forcing or to destroy us but otherwise you will face a terrible fate, as a thief can never be the owner,” said the statement.
The introduction of the issue of peace and conflict is necessary in the region because of the increasing number of insurgencies,” said Leban Serto, a Manipur peace worker who teaches at Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU). Speaking to reporters at the closing ceremony of the five-day workshop organized by the Peace Count Academy (PCA) to train private sector in the area at Pinewood Hotel. .
Nine persons were injured in the incident including the driver and were taken to Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat.
Lambor said the post of Lamphang is very important and the UPF wants to get a suitable person who has the character and intelligence to run the dorbar and another Lamphang has to lead abroad. country also at many meetings.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has also warned that heavy rain will fall in parts of the state tomorrow.
As there was no issue to be discussed at the meeting, the Cabinet discussed the issue of the Sutlej-Yamuna-Link (SYL) Canal.
The college was constructed under the Rashtriya Higher Education Campaign (RUSA) scheme at a cost of Rs 26 crore.
Jowai: A control room has been set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai for the General Election to be held on 27th June .
JHTOA Leader Ma Nidamon Chulet has expressed his anger against the owners of dewbilat factories within the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) for not implementing what they have promised from time to time to the leaders of the JHTOA. He said that in the past few days, these factories have agreed to pay the new transportation price of T.7 per metric tonne per kilometer as announced by the State Government and this price has been fixed for implementation from on the 15th of November, but until now they have not received the new price.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Government will have to look into how to make Khasi and Garo the Official Languages ​​of Meghalaya. relating to file noting.
“To eliminate this, you may remember that even the Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the Vatican and met with Pope Francis.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said that our protest is to demand the amendment of the reservation policy, not to play with fire.
A few days after the Chief Minister of Assam announced that Mukroh village falls within the border of Assam, in the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong, the Chief Minister of Assam on 20th October said that Mukroh village falls within the border of Assam. that Mukroh village is not a disputed area and that it is a village within the border of Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 23: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, today launched a mobile tablet distribution program under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid (M-TAB) Scheme.
The Union also urged the government to release not only the salary for the months of April and November but also the Advance Christmas this year.
She said that the Prime Minister will meet the ACHIK on 24th November during his visit to Garo Hills.
Thus, the taxes demand even the salt that flows in his blood vessels.
From Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, to the Prime Minister and Finance Minister of the Government of India, all farmers are remembered at these times.
Police have recovered 144 gallantine sticks and 126 detonators.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Wailad congratulated the Association for continuing to conduct such programs for the youth and at the same time he also raised the flag of the competition.
“There are my friends, you are not afraid to speak on this in the House and I know that there are some people who do not like my bringing this issue in the House,” said Bah Ardent.
To be a leader is to serve the people in the constituency, but when you are a prime minister, a government minister it is your duty to look after the state as a whole. The ruling party and the opposition leaders have become like the robbers of one government after another. They have been busy fighting for power and seats just to make money for their own benefit, their relatives and some of their leading supporters.
According to him, according to the law, once the Constitution has been passed by the Council and received the approval of the Governor, it means that the State Government has thoroughly considered it.
Kodang Rashir, a prominent Congress leader who came to join and support the HSPDP, said that in the past years, all Garo friends did not support the HSPDP because they did not understand.
Speaking on the occasion, she encouraged the parents not to be discouraged if they have children with disabilities but to give them the same love. treatment or services by which they do not allow the discrimination against them to be discovered because if such persons with disabilities are discriminated against, the law against those persons also exists.
She said she has sent a letter to the Director, NEIGRIHMS to clarify the incident.
But many of us don't learn about it and don't have time to talk about it.
Shillong, March 20: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) in a statement through Bah BK Samiam, Publicity Secretary, announced that it will hold its general meeting on the 29th of this month at Mission. Compound Dorbar Hall at 11 am.
However, if we don't take action or do anything, if something bad happens, we will not change ourselves.
Thus, if anyone wants to defeat the enemy, he must know the hidden power of that enemy.
Shillong:"The most dangerous thing now is the reservation and to remove the reservation, they go by the roster.
It is in the election that we can show and see the voice of the people,” said James Sangma.
The village urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate and punish those involved in this incident according to the law so that such incidents will not happen again in the future. Pommura and the village will meet with the Officers of the Fisheries Department to arrest the enemies who are involved in this activity.
Batskhem, who is from Umtham village and was also trained by Ian Vincent, works as a day laborer but has a goal in sports and competitions.
“As residents, we have a duty to do our utmost to ensure that all salonsar follow these rules,” said the DC. Report immediately to the district authorities and police.
The topic of the meeting was on the border dispute in the western parts of Mikir District and Jaintia Hills as announced by the Assam Government in Notification No.TAD/R/31/50/1 dated 13.4.1951, in the absence of any exact boundary and to be implemented according to the decision of the Joint Inquiry of both the District Councils (United Khasi & Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills).
Prizes and cash prizes were also awarded to the winners of the race.
Participating in the meeting were Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture, Piyush Goyal, Minister of Railways, Commerce and Food Minister and Som Parkash, Minister of State for Child Development. MPs from Punjab, while farmers, came along with 41 leaders from various groups.
I don't know if the plum trees are as big as the thieves of the pathaw.
It is highly suspected that there is something wrong with this action of the government.
The union also said that there are only three employees in the Sub Post Office in Mawsynram including one Sub Post Master, one Postman and one Gram Sevak Packer.
Shillong: The political parties in the Opposition today expressed their concern over the silence of the Governor on the measures taken by the Government to take action on important issues. the State including the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
Speaking at a public meeting held outside his office, UDP candidate from 36-Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, said that the youth are not only for the sake of the light but also for the sake of the light. it belongs to today as well as for tomorrow.
This is the count from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has urged the people not to trust the new political party as he does not want the people to be deceived. wrong to a religious preacher before the year
Our State has now reached the age of 50 years, but when we look back at the State, it looks like it is only 10 years old and full of shortcomings in all aspects for the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Society, Mary June Shylla, said that from mid-July to April, 27 tonnes of sohtrun have been transported. IQF is a European company.
I can never repay you for your physical and emotional support.
However, there are those who are still living today.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Ambassador of South Korea Chang Jae-bok and his wife Gu Jung-Hyun on Tuesday visited the Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Memorial Herbal Garden located in the capital, Shillong. area of ​​Pynursla.
This has helped a lot of young people who want to start their own businesses and are eager to stand on their own feet.
“Ade Bah Bor, are you coming here...” said Lydia's father. “Yes Maheh...” replied Bah BorBhek. Maheh also sat down and they began to talk.
Her husband lives in Hyderabad and she visits him from time to time.
The union has suggested to the DC to convene a meeting with all the groups to discuss and achieve this goal.
However, those smaller varieties are like those now obtained from Coimbatore, the sugar cane breeding station of India.
Roypar Kharraswai, President MEMRIWU, said that they demand that the government should abolish the GVK EMRI in the state because it has treated the employees too badly and that the government should take over and set up an Emergency Cell in the state. state.
Once while I was watching the news on my Youtube Channel I saw some people who were talking nonsense about not giving the Covid-19 vaccine at all.
There is no water supply, no road, no school, no hospital, no light, no road, no market.
“We too need Article 371 to protect us.
The Congress got 14,445 votes in Ampati while in Mahendraganj, it got 14,793 votes.
The Election Commission of Madhya Pradesh will soon hold the panchayat elections in the state in July and June 2022, but Bhatauli village in Ashok Nagar district has completed its work by just auction the business.
After the suspension of the Sordar of Umwai, Bah Tynshain Wanwar, there has been an allegation that the Acting Sirdar of Mawlong Sirdarship has appointed Bah Sohkhlet as Acting Sirdar of Umwai. The residents were surprised to hear that there has been an announcement that there will be a dorbar shnong on the 23rd of June at 6:30 pm and all the chiefs should attend the dorbar. to leave a house, and this was said to have been called by Bah Bosli Jitem, the source said.
Only Mawlai and Lajong have played better this season, winning all five of their group matches.
A Mumbai court on Friday ordered the remand of Jet Airways founder Naresh Goyal for 14 days in jail for a thorough investigation into the alleged involvement of illegal wealth in connection with the fraud of T.538 crore at Canara Bank.
The 15th of March has been declared by the United Nations as the International Day for the Blind.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (VPP) East Shillong Constituency has strongly condemned the destruction of houses owned by the people of Laitumkhrah.
Before we conclude, let me ask whether it is true that Meghalaya was independently run by that Kumar or by those Kumars? Is it true that there are Directorates which have been directed to the Consultants of that Agency, headed by Kumar? Have I made a mistake four years ago, when I realized that this is no longer Meghalaya but Kumarlaya?
The celebration was enriched by the participation of Ma Vincent Pala, MP, who also gave his congratulations and encouragement to all, especially to the Khasi Authors' Society in its struggle to achieve its goals. introduce the Khasi language in the fifth chapter.
The pandemic has been rampant in the country since the beginning of
Then, he said that in the past it used to rain like this, but in recent years it has not rained much like this.
The help it provides is not permanent and inherited because it is not the source of wealth, but nature itself is the blood vessel of eternal wealth.
Shillong, Nailur 9: Up to 32 people have been arrested so far since the beginning of the protest over the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
AIS Suja“I saw Satan falling from heaven”.
“We have held and discussed in all areas on this from the district authorities and we have also conducted many demonstrations on how to prevent,” said Mukul. public on this.
According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the rainfall in Umiam today reached 63.2mm.
As leaders of a religious group, all SAFF members stand for peace and justice," the Forum added.
The Dorbar Shnong also urges all the people to work hard to follow the orders of the government so that we can fight against this Covid1
Any indigenous language of India may be spoken in any State of India.
He asked whether West Asian Muslim countries would accept Christianity, they would not accept it at all.
Not only that, Bah Paul said the government should send government buses to schools and stop picking up and picking up schools by private vehicles to relieve the traffic jam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Latiplang said that about 50 villages attended the meeting today to discuss the Gram Sabha but the lack of attendance may be due to the lack of knowledge. .
In order to form a Government, any party must have a majority of 31 MLAs, ie more than half of the members.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Gavin M Mylliem urged the supporters and leaders to be vigilant on the road to the elections to be held in the coming months.
The decision was taken after the Union Home Minister Amit Shah held a meeting of the party in Bhopal on Tuesday night. in the past month.
Shillong: The weather forecast for Shillong and surrounding areas for the next 24 hours.
“With the assistance of the Government of India, we have taken steps to upgrade Shillong airport for larger aircraft.
The guest of honor at this concert was Smt.
WJH failed to reach the target due to the poor performance of the batsmen where Sutnga, who tied the most, scored only 26 runs and Pakynteiñ scored 21 runs.
All residents of Jowai as well as those who come to the market are prohibited from throwing garbage without finding plastic food items, water bottles and other items. soh and others shall not throw rotten jhur or soh on the streets or streams, but shall throw them in garbage dumps.
A man may have a lot of money, but what will he do with his wealth if he cannot buy water and food? From time to time, the countries of the world meet to discuss how to reduce the impact of climate change.
On the VPP's reluctance to advise the government on the Reservation Policy, Jemino Mawthoh said it would be better to ask and it depends on their knowledge because they may have a better idea.
These days, it is seen that everywhere you go there are only fast food outlets and junk food, so many people are afraid to eat these kinds of foods. 90% of these foods were found to be unhealthy but efficient in earning and meeting the demand of the people.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, MDC Ricky Shullai, Chief Secretary Pastor DP Pariat President UUNEI and others.
“For now, the Urban Department will focus on those areas which do not fall under the Municipal to install street lights,” she said.
Regarding the issuance of Sanad Rangbah Shnong to a Nepali, the union expresses its deep sorrow and surprise, because even the Syiem who knows the customs and traditions of the village administration, but went to Therefore, the union demands that the Syiem of Raid Marwet, should immediately resolve this issue, to avoid any future huri hura.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that this insurance is essential for the poor and the RSBY does only that but the MHIS covers everyone.
What Bah Shylla means is Sec 3(4), not Section 6B(4).
Besides, these people also tried to block the road of their vehicle, but it was only after the intervention of the villagers that they were able to release their vehicle to move forward.
Its growth pattern depends on the location; if the area is clear of big trees; and the branches thereof grew, and the branches came up from the ground.
Bah Thangkhiew urged the residents to come forward and help the people in need of legal assistance by registering themselves as Para-legal Volunteers; which is one of the groups that interacts directly between the public and the court.
In both World Wars he showed his skills and courage and received many medals.
“I think the people of Meghalaya understand this promise.
However, he said that the most important thing is to work hard so that the work will be stable without any problems.
These groups urged the Minister to take measures to restore peace and stability in the state.
However, earlier, KHADC Chairman Mansturdy Nonrem said that according to the rule of the district council, if there is a vacant MDC seat, the mid-term elections should be held within three months after the acceptance of the MDC seat. The Government of Meghalaya has recently issued an announcement that nine MDC seats have become vacant after the Governor has accepted their resignation.
Members of the Executive Committee of the Village together with the members of the Village COVID-19 Management Committee have also distributed masks to all the villages and carried placards to spread the message around the village. .
Turning to other parties, it seems that there are many children from the BJP, PDF or HSPDP who are in government.
When you pass, you have to write in English because the engineering terms are not available in Hindi or Bengali.
Babu also thanked the two MTTA players, Joydeep Das and Vikram Aditya for their help and accompaniment to his team all night in Nongpoh.
After receiving such an answer he sent for tea and after drinking he went to bed.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 21: Perhaps for the first time in East Jaintia Hills District and the state as a whole, no one has objected to the public hearing of M/s Goldstone Ltd. day at Glodstone Company in East Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, AMSA requests the authorities to provide assistance to conduct a coaching camp along with the provision of equipment and diet for the athletes as part of the preparations for the National Games.
Ritu was shot dead along with her son, who was also seriously injured.
Therefore, as a region, we should be proud of the history of Khasi literature marked by the Missionaries from overseas and the coming of the light of the Gospel through their dedication from 1840 onwards. .
Rangbah Shnong, elders, women, youth and children were also present on the occasion.
“To say that they have not taken their opinion is wrong because from the first day we have been together and we have had three meetings with all those involved. ".
She said that this action of the Meghalaya Police and the KSU is a violation of the right of Indians to move from one place to another in India.
At the same time, the CEO said that security has been increased for 13 strong rooms in 12 districts and one Civil Sub Division.
And until this day this place has become a shyiap field.
Throughout the tournament, the team of H.Elias HSS has performed a beautiful performance that has captivated the eyes of the spectators.
Jesus condemned the scribes and Pharisees, saying – “Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! ... you pray that you may be saved.
The number of cases pending in the Manipur High Court from 2014 to 2022 has reached 73,5
“Where will the patients be taken to the Corona Care Center or Mawkyrwat CHC if they need urgent treatment?” asked the leaders of these villages.
The final hearing will be held on 15.12.23 at KHADC Office, Nongstoin.
Meanwhile, Bah Wahlang in his speech mentioned the purpose of the distribution of laptops to the youth for their benefit in the future.
One of the most important goals should be to make travel easier for all people especially to make it easier for the poor people especially and pay special attention to travel for for people with disability of the limbs.
As people living outside Manipur, we don't have words to say.
The body is strong and strong.
The villages or areas that will be included in this award include those from Mookhep, Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Tuber Kmaishnong and Tuber Shohshrieh. ), Bachelor’s degree pass 60% (2023), Master’degree pass 60% (2023).
He said that some Khasi have complained that they have been banned from selling to Dkhars.
There was also the distribution of awards to the winners of various sports and especially a special award to Isadora Lyngdoh who has brought fame and glory not only to the village but also to the villagers. She has won gold medals in the Karate Championships held in Goa and Mumbai.
In his speech, he urged and encouraged the students to use their talents properly and reminded them not to forget their duty as students by studying hard.
When asked how they escaped, these leaders said that these foreigners hid inside the truck to escape the screening for COVID-19 and violated the orders of the Government.
The Players of the Tournament award went to Budmiha O. Mukhim, HK Singh S/S, West Jaintia Hills.
The Minister said that the main objective of the MDA-2 government is to increase the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) in the next five years. 80,000 crore and to turn Meghalaya into a $10 billion economy or to increase income to $10 billion.
Mawlai: A Block Level Youth Parliament was held today 10.09.19 at the office of the Silver Rose Cultural Institute (SRCI), Mawlai. Purple, Shillong.
The seven kurs who erected these stones are the Malai, Sohmat, Dewkha, Sohtun Ruwah, Nohriang, Ryngsan and Dewsaw.
“We will try to start working next month as all the employees have been informed or recorded,” she said.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) has had to cover its own expenses in the past four years due to the shortage of cows, pigs and goats since its opening. I have not come to you until now.
It is learned that the cause of the sudden fire in the village may have been due to the explosion of cylinder gas which caused a terrible fire and damage to houses. the houses that were destroyed by the fire.
Shillong: The District Council Affairs (DCA) has announced that the MDC elections will be held on the 27th of this month. June 2024, but the KHADC is still in the dark about this.
He is also the president of the Jaintia Fishing and Environment Association.
Vitamin and mineral supplements cannot replace healthy food choices, exercise and a good mindset.
About 150 residents of Wahiajer, Chiehruphi and Thangskai under the auspices of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and other organizations have gathered in front of the gate of Meghalaya Cements Limited since at 8 pm to take part in the public hearing convened by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB).
“Bah Ardent has refused to participate in the committee.
Nisha Nongbet, 19, from Iewmawlong village in Ri Bhoi District, has been murdered by her husband, a Nepali. Dilbahadur Thapa on the 26th of November 2022 at Pahamsyiem village and this murder of this young woman has shocked the people that this robber has dared to take the life of this young woman by stabbing him with a knife and cut also from the ryngdang until she lost her life before the time.
He also said that this Budget is the People's Budget.
He urged the residents of the state to be vigilant to protect themselves from the Covid-19 pandemic and this is what everyone has known and learned because for more than a year people have Follow the rules to protect yourself from Covid -1
“A statement sent via WhatsApp said that on 2nd July 2023 about 1000 non-Christians attacked a Catholic Church in Narayanpur.
Just 15 tons.
Sniawbhalang said that after the outbreak of war in these countries, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has taken seriously this issue and has been following up with the Government of India. .
The family of Bah Phran and Kong Rep has been filled with joy since they got the job of teaching at Banrilang School especially as it is a deficit school.
“Their claim that their prostitution is because they don't need to work to provide for their families and to educate their children is meaningless because everyone we have our hands and feet, and we have many hands and feet.
Lanosha turned and said, "Then there was a quarrel between them.
Three more persons were arrested this afternoon and during the search, explosives were seized from the house, the report said.
The film will be shot at a cost of Rs 15 lakh and will be shot across Khasi Jaintia Hills as well as Garo Hills.
We are the citizens of the country, we have the right to speak, we have the right to judge, we have the right to inform, we have the right to demand, we have the right to protect.
It only looks at the main issues.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Movement for Indigenous Peoples' Rights (MIPRLM) Meghalaya (MIPRLM) has launched a strike against trucks in Shillong.
Many churches say: “because you have been asked to consent to what you do not want to consent to”.
After the protests of about 100 people, the Public Hearing was moved to the ground floor of the MCL. There were also those who destroyed the Public Hearing and for this reason the Police used sticks to disperse the crowd.
This will be the second time that the foundation stone of the C&RD Block Wapung has been laid, the first time was on 22nd June 2017 by Ma Sniawbhalanglang Dhar.
In most cases, lung cancer is diagnosed late in the disease and has spread to other parts of the body (distant metastasis).
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The UDP leaders of Amlarem Circle, while talking to reporters today, said that they have already sent a letter of approval from the Circle to give ticket to former MLA Ma Lahkmen Rymbai. of this constituency, on the UDP ticket, in the 2018 MLA elections.
On the occasion, Bah Metbah said that the repair work should have started long ago but due to the heavy rainfall, the road cannot be constructed and it is still on the road. He said that it will be the first step to build a good road because he wants the villages in Mairang Constituency to have good roads. These roads will be connected with other roads to facilitate the vehicle drivers who transport goods from this area to the Mairang area.
This is also the 2nd North East Olympics to be held in the region, and Manipur has been given the opportunity to host this major event for the first time in
In addition to books, you can also search the Internet.
“I have asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to allow us to collect the dulir while we have it and others that I have informed that we will not lose our land (in the border talks in the past). “I will write to the KHADC to send a letter to the Regional Committee and I,” he said. “We will send a letter to the Regional Committee so that the Regional Committee can take the necessary action,” said Bah Charles.
gold, 14 silver and 7 bronze medals were won. 4 swimmers from Shella including 2 women and 2 men will win the prize. to represent the state in the National Games to be held in Goa this year.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Government of India has issued a notice to pay compensation to the victims through the Hit and Run Motor Accidents Scheme, ,00,000 in case of death due to collisions with non-stopping vehicles and T.50,000 for those who suffer serious injuries from such accidents.
At the same time, Bah Metbah urged the people who buy vehicles to be vigilant to avoid buying stolen vehicles, as the sale of stolen vehicles has started to spread in the country. the state.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the mother of these two children has informed that the father used to take these two children for a walk from time to time and on Tuesday he took them for a walk. they as usual in the evening.
“The testing of fish is not only for imported fish but the department has also taken up the testing of fish in the state as part of ensuring that it will be I don't want to eat fish in the state"
The Behdieñkhlam of the Raij Mukhla is one of the last Behdieñkhlam festivals held in Jaintia Hills every year.
Donald V Thabah said the KSU will arrange with the KSU Delhi unit to send a letter to the Board ISC which has its office in Delhi to demand. remove this school book completely.
“On the explanation of Bah Paul Lyngdoh that the files from the Trade Department have not disappeared, but are still with Bah Paul, Bah Latiplang said that when he was removed as EM, trade since 20th November as he is still holding the files.
He urged the youth to take advantage of this opportunity to develop their skills in the coming days.
The Church will not provide Car Passes as the highway will be open all day and for VIPs to park inside the Compound Higher Secondary School Church.
JOWAI: Two persons were arrested by the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) from Moomon, Mihmyntdu near the DTO office in Jowai on Tuesday.
The incident happened at Eldorado High School, where the child and the teacher were involved.
Warjri also explained about the amendments to the laws and others made by the Election Commission of India (ECI), and also informed about the apps where the people can vote. can be used through mobile phones for the upcoming elections.
Shillong: The State Education Department has announced that all higher education schools or colleges will reopen from 1st June
The symptoms appear in work, dress, family and other areas.
In the presence of independent witnesses, the drugs weighing 2.738 kilos were confirmed to be heroin.
And the death toll was terrible.
Many houses have been severely damaged by the cold weather, in which the roofs have collapsed and some of the tins have been blown away.
It was decided that if both women wanted to live with Uike, then both of them should marry him and so they too agreed voluntarily.
The village is very concerned about this incident against this man, as he is the breadwinner of the family and he has two small children.
“The transgression of the law is sin, and the wages of sin is death”.
The chief priests and the Sanhedrin had no love for their fellow man or the nation, they thought only of themselves and thus the decision to kill Jesus came from a selfish spirit that if they could kill Jesus, they thought. that they had prevailed and could stop his struggle and preaching of the Gospel.
The Meghalaya Health Department has called for a meeting with the ASHAs on the 21st of this month, after the ASHAs have staged a strike across the districts in recent days.
This decision was taken after it was found that the old market has become crowded and it is no longer possible to maintain social distancing.
The Khliehriat West Youth Welfare Sport Club (KWYWSC) has taken this step to issue lucky draw tickets to raise funds for the club to promote sports activities for the youth of the village.
Niwel said that in the other two examinations, there are two types of marks and these are 70 marks for Theory and 30 marks for Practical.
The Hynniewtrep is still right here in the East and the A'chik is still right here in the West.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was speaking after a woman committed suicide after being hit by a speeding motorcycle while trying to cross the road in Mawlai. From the car.
Dr. Jemino, who joined the UDP in 2007, said that it is true that the issue of amending the Reservation Policy is in the UDP Manifesto. the recent election.
Prisoners in a prison in El Salvador have been banned from staying away from each other by a presidential decree, which came into force on Saturday.
“The existence of District Councils and traditional systems of governance such as Dorbar Shnongs is something that we have to take care of because other ethnic groups from across the sea have come to Shillong for the sake of the ethnic groups. our traditional way of governing," he said.
Therefore, he said that an inquiry should be conducted and those involved should be punished.
The player received the title after leading the country to the World Cup title in Qatar last year.
On the other hand, the union requests the government authorities and the department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the state government to take action and create opportunities to assist and support the newly emerged associations to train athletes for the state. Meghalaya.
Because as it is, most of the ASHAs receive only less than T.1500 tyngka per month and they have never received that T.2000 tyngka and besides that if they are sick they don't get even 10 tyngka because they can't go. do their job.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) has come forward to allege that the Karbi people have threatened the residents of the border areas. The Khasi Pnar people live in the district of Nongphyllut.
Today, the rainfall, according to the Indian Meteorological Department, was 27.5 millimeters and the Meteorological Department has warned that heavy rains will continue in parts of India. in the State, on 19, 20 and 21 July
It may be recalled that the Congress in 2021 split and out of the 17 MLAs of the party, 12 of the leaders led by Dr Mukul Sangma joined the All India Trinamool Congress. Three others have contested on the NPP ticket and two have contested on the United Democratic Party ticket.
Raising the issue of issuance of NOC in the KHADC, Bah Pyniaid said, “My people from Sohryngkham area which falls under Hima Khyrim, have come to me to complain. They have been suffering from this action of the Syiem especially the poor, who have found it difficult to pay this amount to get the NOC because they have to pay up to T.10 to T.20 thousand"
I am sorry that like other states in the country which have faced opposition from the mother states, but Garoland has not faced this opposition and therefore the journey is not far away,” said the NFNS leader. He said that the demand is very strong and this will give the people the desire to get their own Garo state.
In a tweet on Saturday, the Prime Minister said he was deeply saddened by the passing away of the Archbishop.
Sangma said the deputy commissioners and sub divisional officers have been directed to do this to verify that the eligible people should benefit from the scheme.
The days passed and the young man didn't think that this disease would hurt him so much that he couldn't work anymore. His mother took him to a hospital and after an examination. After all the tests, the doctors found that he had stomach cancer and at that time the treatment for cancer was still much more difficult to cure.
He also urged the residents to be prepared for this cyclone.
This visit to the Khasi-Pnar community will take place on Friday, 31st July
The total number of employees of BSNL is 1,65,179 and the cost of employees is 75 per cent of the company's revenue.
The arrested were identified as Nobin D Sangma, 64, of Nidanpur village near Tikrikilla, Peirai Hao, 40, of Perin district, Livingstone Ch Marak, 28, of Williamnagar and Balgranj. R Marak (24) of Nengmandal, Williamnagar, East Garo Hills district.
I am one of the residents of the Khasi community, I am sorry for this issue, lest it lead to the division of a small community, I bring here my opinion to both sides. that there should be a discussion on both sides, not to emphasize that only one's own is right but that of others is wrong.
Therefore, following this warning, the union urges all those syiar traders from outside the state not to import syiar into the state and if they do so, it will take the necessary action, the statement said.
While parents, if you tell their children, they say why did you come to explain to my children.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong RM Kurbah, expressed her satisfaction to see the initiative by the leaders of Tyrso Valley to hold this festival, which is also one of the festivals to be held. invite tourists from all over the world to come and see these Sim Kbeit.
Perhaps someone harbors hatred for these parties because it has affected some of the candidates running? The leaders and members of these organizations should not be stingy and should be vigilant in their movements and should not be afraid because there may be many enemies lurking here and there.
Diseases to be treated include ENT, pediatrics, gynecology, cancer treatment oncology and other general diseases. (medicine).
These people are from Jrikyndeng and surrounding villages.
He said that the tournament will start in Ri-Bhoi District and will continue to other districts.
Shillong: U KW Nongrum today warned the Khasi against selling challans to foreigners for the purpose of exporting goods. Bangladesh is the largest state in the world.
“At present, it will depend on the wisdom of the committee of Rangbah Shnongs, as it has been entrusted to them to arrange all the works and also to sign the soskular with the owner. “Officers of the Council including Joint Secretary Bah RS Wanniang and other officers of the Council explained more about the market to the Rangbah Shnongs,” said the MDC. an engineer and surveyor who surveyed the land, which was estimated to be about 20,000 sq/ft.
Why are you talking? What are you talking about? and how from Lum Khasi, hundreds of miles away, do we read or watch the conflict and bloodshed between Israel and Palestine? We are talking because out of every forty people I know, nine of them have visited Israel, two others are planning to go and one like me. who do not want to go unless they can enter and leave freely to the cities or towns of Palestine and the places where Jesus lived and walked.
New Delhi, June 30: Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has agreed to meet with Amrita Rai, a journalist of Rajya Sabha TV. On her Twitter account, she said she has decided to divorce her husband and now she plans to marry Digvijaya.
It is learned that yesterday, the number of foreigners who have been deported was about 60, but today it has decreased to about
These school children have eaten only jhur and suji.
The facts of how the families live, work and socialize on both sides of the border.
This 10 hour power outage will be reduced to 10 hours in the afternoon, ie, instead of 1 pm to 3 pm, which is 2 hours, the electricity will be turned off for only 1 hour in the afternoon. .
But these laws are made by our own people, by our own elected leaders; and why dost thou fight? Why smoke?! The question is not answered.
Replying, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that even the Assam Minister and Chairman of the Regional Committee, Pijush Hazarika, does not agree with the statement of the KSA.
RSS CUCHAPHRANGRSS Stand on the foundation,,,,,.
The Inspector General of BSF, Kuldip Saini, said that the BSF troops are working hard to secure the border despite the fact that there are still many shortcomings in their operations.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 16: The Waheh Shnong of Nongsning and the Waheh Shnong of Umrasong on the 13th of this month met with the Member Secretary of the MSPCB and lodged a complaint against the issuance of license. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (STB) has arrested three coal mining factories namely M/SMM Minerals, M/S Unique Industry (2nd Chimney), M/s Presidium Breez, M/s Magic Coke and M/s Magic Coke. /S Ioanis Industries Private Limited (Chimney 2) near these villages especially in connection with one of the coke plants called M/S Presidium Breez which has damaged the water well of Nongsning village. of Nongsning village today came out carrying flags, pla cards and showed their opposition to the coke factories.
Appreciating the efforts of the ASHA workers, Dr Pawar said about 7000 ASHA workers provide health services to the most difficult to reach areas of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion was Prof. B. Parthasarathy, General Secretary, AIFRUCTO. retired teachers’ movement within the country.
Also present were Bah John F Kharshiing, President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), sports officials, athletes and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the 100th Anniversary of Jaiaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw Pdeng.
However, as the vendors, drug dealers and drug dealers have the same rights in the market as written or directed by the authorities of the market.
The annual growth rate between 2023-2025 is 11.4%.
The UCC has recently been rejected. Let them walk slowly, without haste or slowness, without looking carefully, lest they reach a disaster that cannot be overcome, when they are destroyed. I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do.
This was reported by the residents of Tuberkmai Village and Tuber Shohshrieh.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 28: Donbestar Syiemlieh, one of the leading fighters who represented Meghalaya in mixed martial arts, today won the title in the Club War 21 Four Men's Tournament Fly Weight. The event was organized by the Mixed Martial Arts and Fitness Gym Assam at the MMA & Fitness Gym, RGB Roads, Sunderpur.
After investigation, the police handed over the suspects to the court.
It may be recalled that the police department had clarified last month that the reason for not inviting the candidates who passed the written test for personal interview was due to the large number of candidates who passed the written test. which is also 1.5 percent of the vacancy rate, which is why those who got low marks were not called for the personal interview.
“We should be grateful instead of opposing the haste of Bah Pa Riat to accept to continue his work even though he should have retired,” he said.
All the matches will be played at the Assam Rifles Stadium in Laitkor.
This happened on Friday last month, inside the Coyote Ugly Saloon on Seabreeze Boulevard in Daytona Beach.
Once again, the wild plants, the wild medicines will be destroyed.
Earlier, KHNAM MDC from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, handed over his resignation letter as EM to the CEM to open the door for Bah Mawsor.
Warning the government about the activities of the ANVC, Marak alleged that the ANVC is still busy recruiting members and procuring weapons from a man known as Belbong who was arrested earlier with a woman. before Dilash’s name appeared.
He also urged the BPL card holders that if they have any illness related to headache, it is better to go for medicine from Government Hospitals, so that they can avoid these fees.
Breming found the camera from the back of the river, which contains fish weighing up to 50 kilos, said GG Bung Snaitang, who is also the brother of Breming. Bremingstar.
These rules have been issued as part of the efforts of various parties to hold public meetings to campaign in the presence of prominent election leaders. Preparations for the smooth running of the election.
“As I said, I have nothing to say on my part when there is no basis for such statements,” he said.
When the traders become legislators because of the power and by the election of the people and when the legislators become traders, it causes terrible suffering.
He added that the state government through the Tourism Department will take action to hold such festivals because the tourists not only stay in government premises, but also They will also have the opportunity to take part in such festivals which are ways to improve the income of the people through tourism in the state, he added.
The committee has discussed thoroughly the MDC candidate for the 2014 elections.
“Two councils have been set up in the Planning Department alone and the expenditure has reached T.4,42,21,207 in the last five years and if you ask others, there will be many more,” he said.
It is a living example of how the people trust capable and skilled leaders, by electing their leaders not because they stand for a big party or a party that invests money but because they choose because they are the ones who have the perfect leadership qualities.
Halbert was sitting alone in the small room that was the living room with the mobile game.
Police have arrested them from the scene of the incident after the crowd threw stones at them.
The song was sung by Khasi singers, including Babel Marsing and Donbok Tariang.
This shows the profiteering and corruption of the KAAC without any basis by following the rules of law.
The school has been running for 62 years since its inception in 1956, but the sad thing is that the students of the school are still They have to use the same school building and classrooms which has been in the past which is only a tin building covered with trees which has started to collapse.
Shillong, Nailar, 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU on Tuesday met with the Controller of Examinations of NEHU University today. Under the leadership of the General Secretary, Samla Shibaitlang Rymbai, the Controller of Examinations (CoE) has sought detailed information on the absence of Examination Centers on the Admit Cards of the students. In this discussion, the CoE explained that the Admit Cards of the students need to be downloaded two or three days before the examination and on the Admit Card they will write the Examination Center is yours.
Nasser was involved in sending large sums of money to Hamas in Rafah.
Cannyson Kharnaior scored his first goal in the 16th minute of the first half.
In the past few months, Union Home Minister Amit Shah has announced the withdrawal of the AFSPA from some districts of Assam, Nagaland and Manipur.
“Before 2014, Meghalaya was known as a corruption-prone state but until Modi came to power, Meghalaya was known as an example state in development,” he said.
Shillong: Many shopkeepers in Ïewduh, on Friday, continued to collect tokens from the district administration and health workers which they distributed at the head of Ïewduh held at the police station. police of the King of Mylliem.
We cannot forget the tragic incident of a woman from Mawthawniaw who left the village with the intention of giving birth to her child in Shillong. On the 16th of September 2023, a fishing competition was held in Pamphyrnai.
Speaking on the occasion, Emlang Laloo said that as a person who used to serve in the government, he took this decision to carry this heavy responsibility which he wanted from the bottom of his heart to provide the best service to the people. the people of the area especially the farmers and the low income.
S.D.Kharumnuid.
Albinus Lamurong, on 23rd July, lodged a complaint at the office of the Assistant Engineer of PWD Roads Sutnga Sub Division. The Rimanar Bridge, near Samasi village, which has been implemented under Section 144 CrPC since 2018, has been implemented under Section 144 CrPC since prevent.
The District & Session Judge of West Jaintia Hills has sentenced Ram Dhar to life imprisonment and fine for his involvement in the murder of Trebor Hinge.
b) Many of the leaders and pioneers in education and writing came from Sohra.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has demanded that the Government of India should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in all the states of the North East.
Wanbok Rinbon, President of KSU Nongtrai Unit, who is also the Executive Member of KSU Nongtrai SWKHD, said: The Border Security Force (BSF) has expressed its concern over the violence.
Police have arrested three persons and one woman.
At the hearing, the lawyers on the part of the government informed that the investigation is ongoing and they have just received the FSL report and asked for time from the court. to provide additional time, in connection with this investigation.
The parents of the child have asked the woman to return their child, otherwise they will have to lodge a complaint against her. but the woman turned off the phone.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that in the past, the government had charged T.25,000 per day for a large festival with a capacity of 2,000 people and charged T.15,0 to the festival whose capacity is 2 thousand people below.
Ma Wonderfull Shullai, father of Bester Salahe, resident of Salaroh, Jowai has passed away on .
The relevant department has clarified that no certificate is required for the registration and all that is required is to register under the Gruha Jyothi Scheme and the beneficiaries need to use their mobile phones. Your phone, laptop or Internet cafe.
Pynskhem scored three goals in the 33rd, 37th and 40th minutes, two goals from Pyndap Pyrtuh (31, 52) and Wanbok Dhar (48).
However, when the crowd was gathered, there was no crowd, no one came to clap his hands, no one who threw, there was no kind of cow that was lur jar jar.
She said that it was not until she was three years old that she started to stand and walk.
Dame Wanbiang Shadap top scored with 70 runs from 26 balls while Damian Kupar Shylla took two wickets for nine runs in four overs for Mawlynnong.
As it dries, the water that comes out of the leaf comes into contact with the oxygen from the air and this works with the water to convert it into the substance that makes the leaf smell good.
However, sometimes the implementation of the law is too slow and when those involved can be arrested, the case turns into something else like violence or bloodshed.
These smugglers have brought the cows in a hurry to get more money and during the transportation, some of them have died and have been scattered. The crowds who passed by couldn't stand it anymore.
This is part of the launch of the film “Sa Shisien”, which was written and produced by Commander Shangpliang and released on Tuesday. Shillong.
You know, I can also ask you to become President.
However, unfortunately, the elections in Assam have come and Prafulla has not come back to power.
Ma Salong Lamare has been elected as the full Dolloi of Nartiang District after winning the Dolloi election of Nartiang District on Thursday.
Now in 2024, we (MDA Government) have brought in a budget of more than T.27,000 crore.
Now is the time to ask, “Where are the pastors to gather the wheat, which is in the mountains, and when we read 2 Chronicles 7:16 we have to ask who is closing the church? The duty of man is to fear God, but now, who is feared? Looking at the Presbyterian hymnbook, there are many hymns that have to ask questions like No.78; 306; 368; 396, and still more have to ask how did we do? We live in a world of constant threat, the elderly can no longer walk to many people how many doctors, how many patients are old? Training to avoid problems is enough in the Bible but man is as sensitive as a sword to the teachings of the Bible.
In boxing, Hema Sumer, Junestar Marboh, Rozia Nongsiej, Monfill Marweiñ, Bashemphang Shullai, Mack Lyngdoh Marshillong, Jimmy B. Shadap (coach) and Eva W. Marbaniang (manager).
The Congress, however, did not recognize him anymore because he had lost his body, said that he was old, lost his bones, and said that his brain was also weak and that is why it said. to leave those who are younger and stronger (to rest).
The University has taken full responsibility to ensure complete safety measures for the students and has received active support from the Government of Tripura to ensure that nothing bad happens to the students students of the University.
It is prohibited to sell goods including those who sell alcohol, it is also prohibited to eat kwai, drink tobacco and to smuggle umbiah without being found.
According to media reports, through the receipt of the new certificate, the Rangbah Shnongs will be re-elected under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Rules
This will be followed by the matches against Germany and Great Britain from 1 to 9 July in London.
Since the Prime Minister announced that the people of the country will be able to deposit money in various banks and that the Government of India will deposit T.5,000 in these accounts, which have just been opened in banks; There is now a big problem for the public to open new accounts, especially with one of the leading banks of the country, the State Bank of India.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, first of all, expressed his gratitude to the vision of these elders of Umsning Constituency, who have the vision of Umsning Constituency. The HSPDP has decided to revive the HSPDP in this constituency.
On the other hand, Lajong Coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that in the last two days, they have regained their fitness after resting in the past games and tomorrow's game against Lajong. Churchill will bring good results.
In a statement sent to the media, the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Shillong, said that the destruction of the drugs was done on The Drug Disposal Committee comprising Customs and DRI officers. The seizure of Ganja and Drugs was conducted by the Customs Office by ensuring that the seized goods were properly stored and destroyed. it shall serve as an enlightenment to the people and the country as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) on Monday 18th March 2013 has raided and demolished illegal houses and shops in Kat Building. at Maubah (the Valley).
Your daily calorie intake varies from person to person.
The woman alleged that when the Dean started touching her by the hand, he told her that she was well now and he started to slap her, as soon as he found her. When the Dean said that, the Longkmie fled the scene.
He also appealed to the Dorbar Shnongs to be disciplined when arresting drug traffickers and drug users, and urged them not to search for drugs in the bodies of robbers as this will affect the investigation and delay the investigation. the case shall be brought before the court.
Most of them are the ones who are used to recruiting job seekers," the source said.
The Government will spend up to T.18 crore in the first year to produce up to 2,200 metric tonnes of seeds which will be distributed to 9000 farmers this year in 400 villages.
A kachori vendor in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, has shocked the revenue authorities.
The Sharks players managed to tied well with seven players scoring more than 20 runs but none of them scored. Amiangshu Sen scored 28 runs while Sen and Wallambok Nongkhlaw scored 45 runs (21).
Shillong: The road from Mawrah to War War has been badly damaged in the last two years.
Officers from the Labor Department, Grass Root, Don Bosco Tech, Forest Department, Industrial Department Nongstoin and others were also present on the occasion. Kiew Lyngdoh Secretary, West Khasi Hills District.
The award will be presented at the Kur meeting to be held at the Kur headquarters in Chiliangraij, Jowai on 17th November
It is learned that the sister of Beena Sunar has lodged a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station regarding the death of her sister.
The charges against Garcia Luna in connection with the Sinaloa cartel came after the trial of Guzman, who was sentenced to life in prison in
Furthermore, the tournament is scheduled to be held every two years and is also a platform for the selection of teams for the World Championships.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The Vice President of the Gracious Givers Foundation, Kong Noreen Majoric Dunai on Saturday launched the book 'Deuce' written by the retired IAS officer of Meghalaya. He is also a prominent writer, Bah Aldous Mawlong.
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Thursday told the media that he will take action to take this issue before the Union Minister in charge of Education Dharmendra Pradhan during his visit. to the state for the Convocation at NEHU today.
Now it is up to these 26 parties what they will do so that there will be no vote division against the BJP. From now on, the contest between the INDIA and the NDA will be interesting.
Hek said that as this is still in the early stages, it is not known how many people have come to get vaccinated against covid.
It is also a day to remind us citizens of the violations of the rights of journalists and media that are happening frequently around the world.
Many of the bullets have reached the village behind the houses.
Shillong, July 21: The 42nd Anniversary of Meghalaya Day has been celebrated in a different manner this time, unlike in previous years where the celebration was only with government programmes. city ​​of Shillong.
To wait for the right to get an injection, you must first shad-khalek.
It is learned that this road is 40 years old, but it has never been maintained and for this reason, it has deteriorated these days.
There is also a woman in Laitumkhrah who once told me to give houses to the villagers because even in the villages they stay for 2 to 5 years when they come here to study.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U Chief Minister of Manipur, Conrad K Sangma on Friday strongly condemned the violence against women in Manipur.
As everyone knows that this is the national highway connecting with many states of the North East, where hundreds and thousands of vehicles pass every day, it was found that Many vehicles including heavy vehicles and small vehicles have been damaged and stopped along the road.
The President of the CSWO, who is in charge of the case, said that the post mortem report of Victoria D Kharkongor sent by the Assam Police showed that she had been tied with a weapon on her head.
He said the government will strive to improve the Center as the government has allocated Rs 11,000 crore in 2018 but this year it has reached Rs 27,000 crore.
CSCBV, Mukhla is inviting admission 2023-24 for those who wish to enroll in this school, the age of the children is 3-7 years old. No. 9863148567/8794889810.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP), the biggest ally in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, on Tuesday said that all the allies in the government have a role to play in nominating their own candidate. sit back at the meeting to choose.
Leaders who have a real responsibility to carry out the position of representative shall not be a child's position or a child's position. The people have money to win elections.
Shillong, July 25: The match between Nongrim Hills SC and Mylliem SC in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SAG) today came to an end. Nongrim Hills SC won the match 4-1
Langsning won the trophy and a cash prize of T.40,000 while Sawmer won T.25,0
Along the way he thought about his salary.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pyniaid expressed his satisfaction with the decision taken by him and said how these arshaka, have been able to relieve the traffic jam and arrived at the Dorbar on time. which is enough.
The NFSA will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kilos per household at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee, but the price should not exceed Rs.14 per kilo per household in the villages.
However, such an immediate announcement of the holiday for schools is not at all appropriate.
Therefore, the RBYF immediately demands from the officials and managers of the Jio Network in the area, to provide within 12 hours, otherwise the leaders and members of the RBYF from Patharkhmah will go to Jio office in Patharkhmah has been closed down.
I too have lost my way, because there are too many fly over roads which have been built within 10 and a half or two years but in Shillong we cannot even build a fly over.
Mawkyrwat, November 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Circle today elected the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing. The meeting was attended by Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency.
“In fact, West Khasi Hills has two football stadiums, one at Nongpyndeng Stadium of the NDSA and one at Nongpathar Stadium in Pyndengrei.
Speaking on Tuesday, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi said, “The state government has requested 11 CRPF personnel and 7 personnel. the State Armed Police Force (SAPF).
The number of members of the party will increase, the source said.
Meanwhile, in the match at Mendipathar, South Garo Hills led South West Khasi Hills by 34 runs after the end of the first innings.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: NPP Leader and Minister James K Sangma on Tuesday said that there will be many unfounded allegations against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government as the new MLA elections are approaching.
