In such a situation, it is not unusual that there have been many criticisms.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on 29th June under the leadership of Samla Kyrshan Kharnaior Organizing Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday confirmed the new and full office bearers. of the Water Area.
Genesis 2:7 says “.
In areas with heavier rainfall, it produces more flowers and fruit than arabica.
For God says to the Gentiles – Even as ye also once were disobedient, yet have now received mercy through the unbelief of Israel:
The visit of the High Commissioner of Mauritius to the state and especially to NEHU will mark the beginning of the relationship between NEHU and Mauritius.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the launch of Ayushman Bhava in Meghalaya at the State Convention Centre, the Chief Minister said that health is not the responsibility of the state government alone but the responsibility of the state government. collective responsibility by all from families and individuals.
It may be recalled that on the night of 23rd July 2020, youths of Bihar who were returning by train were attacked at the railway stations of Bihar.
Shreyasi Singh and Prithviraj Tondaiman scored 142 runs and lost their chances for the medals after falling short by one point. Mixed Trap teams have participated in the Shotgun World Cup in Qatar.
A few months ago, we saw the violence in Khanduli and these days in Lapangap.
“Until now, we the residents of the State don't know the grounds of the MDA Government's demarcation, but on the ground we are witnessing the surprise and dissatisfaction of the residents in the border areas on the grounds to give and -take.
The UDA may meet the Governor tomorrow to show its support for the formation of the EC in the KHADC. On the other hand, Bah Martle Mukhim, said that they should continue to work as they used to work and it is the feeling of some and in the Constitution cannot be 100 percent, but at the meeting. Last night, at last all came to an agreement to elect Bah Titos as the leader.
The meeting was convened by MBCC President Jean Lamare in the presence of Jansi Kharraswai Vice President and MBCC President Khelor Kharnaior.
Thus, “With the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot: Who was foreknown indeed before the foundation of the world, but was manifested in these last times for our sake; Peter 1:19-2
According to the organizers, through this competition, they will select the best candidates whether in the category of youth, women, elderly or children so that they can take part in the tournament. The largest event will be held in Assam which will be attended by many states of the country as well as abroad.
CH Venkatachalam, General Secretary, All India Bank Employees Association (ABA) will also be present to open the conference.
“In the first act of 1955, the release of Sixth Schedule land was not available.
Bah Kharkrang said that to ensure the smooth running of the day, they have deployed more police battalions.
Shunali Khullar Shroff, a writer, photographed her two female ksew, saying, “These are women who have turned into ksew because they have cheated on their husbands. at the time of their menstruation, in their previous life.
Samla R Khonglam & Rgh.R Khonglanoh, Nongthymmai Kyndiar, North East, Pynursla.
In one incident, 30 people were reportedly killed in an Israeli bomb attack on a residential building in Gaza. 266, of which 117 were minors.
The Work Order was handed over by Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning and the NPP candidate who intends to contest from Nongpoh Constituency in the upcoming elections. Fr.Peter Syiemlieh Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish, teachers and other dignitaries.
The village has informed the Deputy Commissioner of Thadlaskein Block and the BDO of Thadlaskein Block.
Among the MLAs, there are about 18 MLAs who are still able to sit in the old House such as Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, Roshan Warjri, HDR Lyngdoh, Salseng Marak, Dr Donkupar Roy and others.
Abraham Not knowing how many righteous there would be in the city, he said, “Perhaps there are fifty righteous in the city, surely you will destroy it and not spare the place for the sake of the fifty righteous who are able to don't you? Far be it from thee and act in this manner to slay the righteous as the wicked, far be it from thee".
The newly appointed recruits, selected from across the country, will join the post as Constable (General Duty), Sub-Inspector (GD) and Non-GD Cadre Posts in various groups. within the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Federal Government.
A study of 135,000 people in Shanghai, China, found that the risk of death after five to six years was reduced or eliminated by participants' ability to eat more fruits and vegetables. , especially these types of vegetables leaves or flowers.
The ACHDO has demanded that the CBI should investigate the incident and call for another examination.
Poor oral hygiene can lead to tooth decay, infections etc. which then affect daily life and quality of life.
Ms L Marbaniang said that there are more than 250 vendors on GS Road alone.
Then climb back east to Daluthua village to Meghamdol, which is on the east and descend west to Umthali, Noonmati, Borjhar to Ukiam.
Nongstoin, Lber 17 : The West Khasi Hills District Boxing Association (WKA) has invited two boxers from West Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Nongsiej (35-37 kg) to take part in the 35-37 kg boxing tournament. The 3rd Sub Junior National Boxing Championship will be held in Noida, UP this month.
For the service on Sunday, the service will be held at the Football Ground in Wahshnong. It is expected that there will be no traffic jam as the church has prepared 7 parking spaces. “There are two roads, one from Ladrymbai to Moolang village which is about 5 kilometers from Ladrymbai and another for those who They came from Rymbai, Suchen Bataw, Khliehriat and if there is a traffic jam in Ladrymbai, they can come from Lumshken to reach the place of worship which is about 15 km away, but it is understood that there will be no traffic jam. “It's a traffic jam on Sunday,” said Bah Harvest.
When there were too many wise men, as it is now, Soso Tham wrote, 'Long is the King of Darkness, The rule of darkness, The Raiot of Fear and Smiet, pla money or box of money) u Briew in Snieh Pyrthei.
The Ministry of Consumer Affairs has directed the NCCF and NAFED to sell sohsaw at the retail price of T.70 per kilo from 20th November, 2023 in connection with the increase in the price of sohsaw.
He recalled that the Election Commission has authorized all District Magistrates in the state to fully implement Section 144 Crpc which prohibits the carrying of any weapons and even those who do not have weapons. licensed firearms will also not be allowed.
LPS, Daso Press LPS, Rev. SW Memo LPS and Jynru Market School are located under Jynru Niangbrak Fair Price Shop.
Without the construction of Medical College training centres, it will be difficult to achieve.
Nongpoh: Two houses in Nongmawlong Thymmai village, Umsning C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi, have collapsed and lost all their belongings. great damage.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chairman Paul Lyngdoh said that the advice of the border officials is clear and sufficient.
The BJP leader in charge of agriculture has visited Umbuda to meet with the leaders of the BJP Kisan Morcha and farmers' organizations from Ri Bhoi to discuss the agriculture sector. The BJP has a goal to improve the agriculture sector and especially to improve the income of the farmers in Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole.
This is the largest aid package the poor country will receive this time after the International Monetary Fund was agreed in October.
On the other hand, Rishotki also congratulated all those who were able to attend him on this day and also to those who were not able to attend and who sent their blessings through messages.
If you're with it, you'll see it with your own eyes," Fantin said.
He said that such an incident is not the first time but it has happened many times not only in Umdang but also in other villages. This prevents job seekers from taking examinations.
Speech was also delivered by Bah T.Nonglang who said that since the arrival of the Assam Police in the area, the lives of the residents of the area have become like animals. The Assam Police have continued to investigate the incident, due to the exploitation of the residents of the area.
Governments come, go and talk well about the ways and means to develop the villages; However, these words are merely talk, while the facts, in practice, do not match at all and it has been seen that the situation in Shillong is completely different. within 10 hours, to reach different villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Even MPs, MLAs or MDCs, unless they are residents of their own Dong or Shnong, cannot be members of the Dorbar.
Regarding the higher education, the Shillong Government College of Engineering was inaugurated last year and will soon accept students.
Besides, Bah Pynshai also urged the sports department to distribute equally the prize money to all categories, whether it is Junior, Sub-Junior and others as the cost is equal. children or adults if they go outside.
Police said that the accident occurred when the driver of the auto lost control of the vehicle coming from the opposite direction.
The Regulatory Board headed by Bah Lambha Roy submitted its report to the Education Department on 10th June.
Many of the items made by the staff of Don Bosco Technical School and trained students were also exhibited and sold at the expo.
“Yes, it won't be long,” she said.
Jahouh joined Mumbai City FC in March 2020 after becoming a full-time midfielder in the country's biggest league.
The Super Cup and Indian Women's League (IWL) are the tournaments to be held in June and June this year, but the All India Football Federation (AIFF) on Tuesday said that Try not to hold these tournaments in these two months in the future due to the heat of the weather.
Shillong, November 25: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the leader of the PDF, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, MLA from Mawsynram constituency, who has been suspended from the Congress party, together with other MDCs. The Campaign for Change today launched its website www.Campaignfor Change.org.
The increase in theft has affected the entire State.
According to sources, the deceased was identified as Bahrit and was from Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District.
Nitrates, which are taken to dilate the blood vessels, also dilate the oesophageal sphincters, increasing the chances of swallowing.
The training was also attended by Chief Superintendent of Police, DSP Headquarters, DSR Lakiang, DSP Traffic, Samla Batemon Pamshong, Clinical Psychologist, DMHP Ri-Bhoi District. Bah Markus Marten President HNYF Northern Region in the presence of school children, teachers and the public of the village.
"Adequate representation in the field of equality does not mean equal numbers, but equal percentage, because representation itself means to lead the public.
He was arrested by the police the same night.
Of India) today held its District Level 'Yuwa Utsav' on the theme 'PANCH PRAN' at St Francis D'Assisi College, Siejlieh Nongstoiñ. Schools and colleges from outside the District came to take part in this programme.
“Therefore, the election itself is an election and I don't agree with Dr Mukul's statement because he has already explained as if he knows everything,” said the NPP Leader. In the 2018 MLA elections, he claimed to return as Chief Minister but was defeated.
To urge the State Government to create opportunities for the reconstruction of Iew Smit with adequate parking spaces in consultation with the Paiem Syiem of Hima Khyrim and to urge the Department of Health to create opportunities. to upgrade Smit PHC to CHC as part of the four PHCs from Mawkynrew, Jatah, Jongksha, and Smit which covers more than 250 small and large villages and also to implement many sub centers including Mawmuthoh, Laitkor and other sub-centers in the Nongkrem Constituency and to set up agricultural storage facilities in the Nongkrem area for the benefit of the people of Nongkrem.
During the meeting, they discussed how Israel can assist in the development of technology and how to market the products produced by the farmers of the state, such as soh trun, soh niamtra, lakadong and other other.
During the inspection, he found that there are many shortcomings in the Sub Center and the MLA decided to take action to take this matter to the health authorities so that They will take action to improve this Sub Centre.
On the issue of kilo cut, he said that there are no more authorities who have not yet discussed, but everyone has been discussed, but no one has listened because face to face with the traders have also gone to discuss, some have been arrested. and the king had issued a decree against it, but no one believed.
“Commending the hard work of the health workers, the Minister expressed her deep appreciation for their initiative.
Where is the Expert's Committee and when will it work and how long will it last or will it disappear like many other Committees of the Conrad Sangma Government which have disappeared without fulfilling their duties.
““(7).
Nongstoiñ, June 29: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKPE) in Mawliehbah Area has strongly prohibited the killing of dohum dohwah in the entire Mawliehbah Area, especially the two rivers. the Riwiang and Malen rivers and other small rivers within the whole area.
The participation of teachers in politics has nothing to do with the education policy of the government.
At that time I managed to enter a pharmacy and I phoned the Rymbai Police Station through an SI, but he did not come to help me, so I immediately phoned the SP and he said. send SI Lamare to come and help me at that time.
This happened on Friday, 16th November 2023, and as the programs for the celebration have been postponed, Bah Raphael Warjri has suggested that we watch the his film entitled “Apoto.
The second phase of the tournament will be held in the same manner where 32 MMA fighters from Asia will receive the “Win ​​& Advance”. earned a UFC contract throughout the four tiers of competition.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui demanding the provision of buses and vehicles to the students of War Jaintia Circle. The HYC has urged the Minister to set up a bus at War Jainta for the students who will take the examination in the subjects which they have to take in the 8th grade. Publicity Secretary Riki Mukhim said that they have sent the letter to the Minister of Education, who is also the MLA of War Jaintia to request for the implementation of the boss so that students can write their exams easily.
District Sports Officers (DSO's) and others.
In the meeting with the group of youth, the Governor of Meghalaya spoke on many issues related to the 'Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat Mission' come from Uttar Pradesh.
On the other hand, the President of the Umlaiteng Village Council, Kong P.Dorphang, said, “One thing they say is that it is a land in Lumdiengngan, but Lumdiengngan does not have a large land, because it is the only land. small and newly born from Umlaiteng.
Herod ruled the kingdom of Judea from 37 BC to 4 BC and it was during this time that Palestine was shaken by the proclamation of the incarnation of the Messiah and King of the Jews.
Mawkyrwat, November 19: The Head Teacher of Pearly Stone Academy Secondary School, Mawryngkang, East Khasi Hills District, Shidalyne Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, has expressed her gratitude to the students, teachers, parents and also The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Sawsymper Circle has honored the Pearly Stone Academy Secondary School, Mawryngkang for achieving 100% pass rate. In the Class X result conducted by the MBOSE, besides passing well, there are also students who have received distinction in various subjects.
The death toll from lightning and thunderstorms has occurred in 23 districts of the state, with Gopalganj having the highest number of deaths.
The incident occurred on the 21st June, 2022 at 11 pm.
However, it is sad and angry at the same time because now the provisions of this Act have been weakened and violated.
This came after members of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) led by Bah Hamletson Dohling as President, met with Conrad at his office on Tuesday.
I am the young cow, and you are the heifer.
The meeting was attended by Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner Secretary, Food Civil Supply, Members of the Petroleum Dealers Association, district authorities and others.
On the same day, the judge of the court announced that the court has decided not to release the journalist on bail at this time, to which the journalist also replied that he accepted the court's decision even though he had nothing to do with Russia's espionage charges against his private trip to Russia.
Jemino also gave an example that in India as a whole, the reservation for OBC citizens is 27 percent, but in terms of the population of India, OBC citizens They also account for about 40 percent of the population.
This time the expenditure of MDC candidates has been increased from T.2.5 lakh to T.5 lakh.
The Working President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State, said that there is a need for the border residents to receive training from the Home Guard or Police Department to use the firearms, and to use licensed firearms for self-defense.
Our relationship and friendship dates back to 2006 and it’s been about 14 years now.
The NPP has now said that it will not join the BJP and will contest alone in the 2023 elections.
Every year the 5th July is celebrated as Environment Day, and on this day, thousands of trees are planted across the State.
From the children and family: Mr. Herman K. Nongpluh Smt.
Novak is now on track to reach the semifinals for the 12th and 45th time in such prestigious tournaments and also the opportunity to face Alcaraz for the title. the final after Carlos defeated his opponent in all sets.
In the afternoon, there was also a seminar on Public Art led by Bah Jerry Lucius Pyrtuh. Mr. Raphael Warjri, Mr. Naphisabiang Khongwir and Mr. Frederick D Hynniewta.
A draft of the Elaka Customs and Constitution was also presented at the meeting.
The remaining five states, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim, have no shortage of revenue due to the implementation of the GST. in April, 2020 to meet the estimated shortfall of T.1.10 lakh crore in revenue due to the implementation of GST. the UTs.These borrowings were made in 7 phases.
Shillong, Nailur 28: A memorial service was held at the Main Secretariat today in memory of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
These leaders assured that they will continue to monitor the implementation of these old demands of these leaders of the Seng.
His soul was troubled and he couldn't listen and ran his feet to where she was.
"We demand that the law enforcement authorities should arrest the seller and buyer immediately according to the law and we have lodged a complaint with the SP because we cannot accept this and it is a shame to the state as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: U Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, has been angry with the department for not holding the meeting on time. The meeting was held at the State Central Library Shillong.
Guwahati: U Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, today slammed the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Nagaon district for stopping vehicles near Gumothagaon on the National Highway .
Prestone Tynsong, take the lead in ensuring that the second phase of the border settlement should start and we urge the Government of India to intervene immediately and Amit Shah should ensure. that the boundary settlement should happen before the elections,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
The driver of the Scooty was also injured and was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital by his family members while the driver of the Alto was not injured in the incident.
The Principal of this school, Kong WK ​​Blah, expressed her delight that the school itself will be able to honor the teachers who are truly rishot and creators for the future of the students who are also as second parents in this world.
The total expenditure has exceeded T.27,072 crore of which the receipt is estimated at T.3,527 crore and the payment is T.1,498 crore.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Independence Day Cub Under-17 Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
However, the union has found with its own eyes that during the inspection, it was found that the hospital is still lagging behind even after being upgraded to Civil Hospital.
He said that countries like Germany, Australia and others have done it on a large scale and in this state too it can be done at a price between T.3 or T.
Shillong: The deaths today are Brenas Syiemlieh (63) from Marshillong, Mawkyrwat, Rosiwell Lamin (80), Bakur, Dawki, Teibor Mawnai (47) from Lawbyrwa. Ribhoi and Pinoris Lyngdoh Thabah, 67, of Nongrah Nonglum.
The Sordar said that all the Governments that have come and gone since 1990 until 2016 are not corrupt Governments but corrupt Governments without soul. think more of your own people.
Look now, which parties are not in the government? Where are those promises and agreements that they have made? The border issue and Assam have not ended forever.
“Ka Seng itself cannot accept the search of goods vehicles by the BSF because the people don't speak the language but if there is a search the BSF should cooperate with the police,” he added.
Bah Alexzander Kharsyntiew, who is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Mawkarah Unit, said that the Kharsyntiew Kur has its own dorbar, the kur contribution and the rules and regulations to protect the children. the raiot of the kur and especially to prevent and protect from such robbery by other people who come to work and violate the rights of the kharsyntiew kur.
These two Longsans of the Raid Marwet were confirmed by a ceremony performed by these two Basans of the Hima Mylliem.
In place of Bah Kharmalki, the government has appointed Bah Saiñpyniar Syiemlieh, MCS, Joint Secretary, Forests and Environment, as the new Managing Director of the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation.
The Seng has seen in the media that the MLAs of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and Bah Pius Marweiñ, have expressed their opposition to the proposal to mine uranium in the district.
Police of West Jaintia Hills, through Amlarem Police Station, have informed the Fire Brigade to come and rescue the body of the youth.
This super night bus suddenly crashed on the road and crashed.
The VPP also called for a review of the employment allocation in the state and said that the allocation of 40 marks under the policy is biased and an insult to the Khasi-Jaintia people, who have more than the Garo people.
We remember that at this famous meeting, Dr Plosimai Mawkhiew, along with 18 others, handed over to the President her own medicine to try for colds and flu. whenever you feel the need.
The carol march of the Latyrke Youth Assembly was very lively in which the children of the church marched inside the village along with the music and enriched it by lighting lights and dancing by the children. of each.
Nongpoh, July 17: The Ri-Bhoi District Boxing Association (RIBOA) has decided to hold a two-day boxing tournament for the youth of Ri Bhoi District. The Ri Bhoi Boxing Championship will be held in Ri Bhoi District.
The incident happened at about 01:30 pm.
I greet you all who love to read and listen to the Word of God, I urge you not only to listen but to obey and do the Word of God, which has the power to lead to the Kingdom of God without interruption. and without excuse.
Efty United XI scored 11.5 overs for the loss of two wickets.
“It is unfortunate to see that the NPP is a friend of the NPP and has to watch the insult of the minorities,” she said. fine.
The incident happened at Pynthorlangteiñ village under Jowai Police Station on Sunday morning.
Regarding the start of the construction of this road, the residents of Mawshynrut area who pass through this road have expressed their happiness after seeing that the construction of this road has started. it's been ten years now.
On this occasion, the SP promised to take immediate action and the law enforcement agencies will do their duty.
The winners of the tournament included Ebhami Bareh in the Under-17 Boys Single, Leminelson and Ebhami Bareh in the Under-17 Boys Doubles and Goldenstar Kharbuli in the 50 Above Men's Single. Goldenstar Kharbuli won the 50 men's doubles, Dauru Laloo won the 35 men's singles, Aiborlang Ranee and Kamal Thapa won the 35 men's doubles.
We find that from Gen.19:4-11 that when the two angels entered Lot's house, the men of the city gathered at the door of Lot's house with the intention of killing them. kill those strangers.
Khongshei said that the Matabor of these villages have met with the authorities in charge of the department at Pynursla but the department has not listened to them.
On the same day, the court was informed that the pressure in Salman's body was too high and it was this that led to the additional pain in his body that day and which making the doctors have to look-up to find out the diseases in his body.
“If you don't have a good job, you'll be able to do it.
Meanwhile, Bah A Diengdoh said that as the fish vendors, they don't have any theft to give medicines as happened these days because they too, are fish eaters and give medicines to their children. hands and fish.
East Jaintia Hills still has many shortcomings from hospitals, schools and government colleges and other shortcomings.
We will discuss and take it to the Syiems, ECs and MDCs to strengthen the FKS where the sirdarships will also join together to become one body,” he said.
These vehicles include a Gypsy Police vehicle with registration number ML02-0238, a Tourist vehicle with the registration number ML05-Y-9 MLO5-H-3908 and an Alto vehicle with no number plate.
She said it is necessary to ensure that the Government of India knows that the citizens of the State do not understand Hindi.
Although what has passed means it has passed and should not be asked again.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit demanded that the government should issue a clear public announcement on this issue to avoid misunderstandings among the people.
“After 50 years, she is looking for me again,” he said.
The Prime Minister said that this protest is not an ethnic protest, but a land issue, which has been pending for 30 years and the government is working hard to resolve it. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Sangma.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, first of all, expressed his gratitude to the VEC office bearers and the village of Umshit, who have been able to implement this scheme successfully. The Central Government, which is also a scheme of the Central Government, aims to promote economic development and employment opportunities for the people of the country, especially in the rural areas.
Even the NPP leaders have already announced that they have already received a lot of money and will form a government alone after the 2023 elections.
Shillong, July 2: The farmers of Pyndeng Umiong, West Khasi Hills have received a four-day training on 'Popularization and dissemination of bio pesticide technology among the poor and marginal farmers of weaker sections' was held on the 31st of July in the village.
They said that in 2017-18, 7 seats were allocated to Khasi & Jaintia and 2 seats to Garo but this year, no Garo has been allocated seats at NEIGHRIMS. They urged the Minister to look into this matter and to direct the relevant authorities to resolve this delay in the distribution of doctoral scholarships from the state government.
One of Iran's friends asked, "Are you married?" and Ira pointed to a picture of Mishaal Kirpalani and said, "If this is not a sign, then what is it?"
Shillong: The Core Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has met on 12th July 2023 to discuss the issues of the Roster System and Reservation Policy in the state.
The performers who will perform on the opening day of the festival on the 17th include Sanam, Hybrid Theory, SURL, Kenny Musik, 4th Element, The Band Phantasm, DBRYN, Gwyneth, Dalariti, CYCO, Aminio , Dr Legend, Chevinia.
He said he was arrested for misuse of money through the company.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: In the past few years, there have been many discussions on the instability of the old Dwarksuid Bridge after the discovery of orpait signs inside the bridge. The people are now safe to cross the bridge after the construction of a new bridge.
The DC (Custom), North East Region, Bah Spencer Mylliem, while speaking as the chief guest, congratulated the youth who have worked hard and passed well in their studies. This meeting was held to encourage many churches who were honored on this day.
Meanwhile, Bah M Marbaniang said that the youth should also think for the future in terms of governance and to think for a minute to become leaders.
Taking part in the meeting, Bah Samlin Malngiang said, “I come from a family that lives from agriculture. I've been waiting for the blessings from the rain, I've grown plants, I've been happy, I've been affected by the natural disasters, I've lost, I've been happy, I've harvested, I'm happy. “I went to the market and found that the price of sying is up to 10 kilos per 100 kilos. The EC should take immediate action in this regard,” he said. said.
All SLBCs have been directed to conduct programs on income generation, enrollment under the Prime Minister's Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY), Prime Minister's Security Insurance Yojana (PMSBY) and Atal Pension. Yojana (APY), providing information and training to people on financial matters and also to recognize the hard work of branches, BCs and others.
The court order comes five years after the 2018 court order lifted the ban on gay sex during the British rule.
There are also those who come to buy clothes for their children, brothers and sisters and also to buy gifts for relatives and friends.
Those who attended the closing ceremony included Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, former HNYF leader and CEM of KHADC, as the chief guest, Bah Livingstone Thangkhiew, former HNYF leader as the chief guest. The chief guests were Bah Sadon KBlah, General Secretary of HNYF Sengkmie, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Ri Bhoi, Bah Jyan Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Pahammawlein, elders of the area and others.
“This event will give an opportunity to the residents to talk to the government and ask questions and the government will listen and answer to resolve the issue,” said Conrad while opening the program at the Convention Center of North Eastern Hill University. NEHU), Shillong campus.
However, until now, this work has been suspended and the University has remained a college and all the activities are conducted by CAU, Imphal.
There are many who laugh at you.
The North Eastern Region of India is a beautiful place with abundant natural resources and is also one of the most affected by natural disasters.
This means that the Government led by Conrad Sangma is very strong and there is no danger that anyone will violate it for a while.
According to the police, the drugs seized from 70 boxes of soap are worth T.5 crore.
Nongpoh: Police of Umsning Police Outpost, Umsning Police Outpost, this evening at 2 to 3 pm, have recovered the body of a newborn baby, which was broken by unknown persons. I don't know if they're right.
It's not true.
After receiving the information, there was a massive raid in Italy where 18 people linked to Al Qaeda are suspected to be in the country.
“If the government and NHIDCL take action against this protest, we will make it clear to the relevant authorities that we will take other measures,” he said.
All this happens because you don't think.
At the same time, the religious leader urged Israel to stop its offensive against Gaza as the situation in the city has deteriorated sharply and the people can no longer live in peace and have a healthy body as it should be for all.
Shillong, June 10: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today said that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) They said that they will lodge a complaint against him to the Election Commission on the allegation that VPP supporters have come to riot.
There are many reasons why as soon as the election comes, people die like magic.
I believe that if we purchase or import such equipment on par with hospitals in other parts of India, not only our people will benefit; However, the money of the people will not flow to enrich the rich and proud people who have plundered the wealth of our state.
Earlier, a meeting was conducted by Dr D Pasweth, Senior Scientist and Head, KVK Jaintia Hills, who welcomed the farmers who attended the program and spoke about the Ministry of Women and Child Development as part of the fourth Rashtriya Poshan Maah 2022 which started from 1st September to 30th September 2022, in line with the objective of the CM to eradicate poverty and you lack food.
The Pynbha VO after seeing this family in trouble decided to take action by starting to raise money after getting permission from the village through the Waheh Shnong.
However, we can see the condition of schools in South Tura, the constituency of the Prime Minister.
He said that besides these problems, another problem faced by the people in the area is the overcrowding of children who drop out of school only part-time because they have not been able to go to work to buy cows. pay at high rates.
“The KSU does not put religion first, it puts the Jaidbynriew first and if there are those who divide the Jaidbynriew through religion, the KSU will punish them,” he said.
I tell her, we just finished having tea at your sister’s house, how about we go for tea again.
It is through these tunnels that Hamas smuggles into parts of Israel to carry out bombs and other terrorist acts.
“The VPP should not divide the vote among the ethnic parties and needs to be united only in the RDA so that there can be a victory for one ethnic party.
The registration of the children of the father's race is essential in order to recognize all the descendants that these are the children of the father's race, and to recognize them as full Khasi.
They informed Rahul that there is a need for protection from the rule of law from the Central Government to the State Governments.
From the first time, the government has cooperated with the ED in any case where it requests for documents, said Prestone.
The robbers even destroyed the grave on the hill.
He said if the Congress is strong, the nation and society are also strong.
Thus Bahdeng's intention to stay overnight and take Baieid that night encouraged him.
In a statement sent to the media, the BJP said, “The USTM has made it public through social media that the Congress party has not received permission from the Ribhoi District authorities. It has not been able to suspend the allocation of land for use by the party on the day of Rahul Gandhi's visit.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) will represent Meghalaya in the 18th National Inter District Junior Athletics Meet (NIDJAM).
Bah Hubert Paliar in the 70 kg category won the gold medal in the right hand and the silver medal in the left hand category. Alexander Lyngdoh in the 80kg category won the bronze medals in the left and right hand category.
“Why are you standing like this...” He asked. “This is just coming home like this...” The mother said to Panah.
Whoever breaks his covenant, he is guilty, he is guilty, he is new, he is guilty of his prayer because he does not keep the covenant and the law of the council.
Therefore, the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply urges all LPG users to follow the necessary guidelines to ensure the safety of your families and those around you.
The ancients believed that the heart had forty tribes.
Three more Assam residents have died on Saturday, bringing the death toll to 101, Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said.
As a party that stands for the resolution of the border, we strongly condemn the Assam police,” said Pangiang.
It is to be recalled that the agricultural products were exhibited at three major markets in Bengaluru, Karnataka, Lulu Mall, Bangalore, Forum Mall, Kanakpura. Lal Bagh Batonical Garden.
Besides hundreds of residents of Umroi Constituency from all over the villages who came to listen to the explanations of the BJP party on the party's foundation, senior BJP leaders who attended the event included Ranjit Majundar, BJP North East Coordinator, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP General Secretary in Meghalaya, David Kharsati, BJP General Secretary, Sunita Banerjee, BJP Vice President, Biangka Kyndiah, State BJP. BJP President Umroi Mandal and other BJP leaders from the district and Meghalaya.
“It is requested that anyone can report such incidents to the Complaint Monitoring Cell, which has been set up in the district through the toll free number 1950 and C-Vigil,” said the DEO. Shillong. Lber 18: In another incident, a resident of South West Khasi Hills village has sent a complaint that on the 8th of this month at about 9.10 pm, he received a a text message asking you to update your PAN card number through the link provided in the message.
Amitabh Bachchan said that in 1973, Amitabh and Jaya and other friends wanted to travel to London, but his father, Harivansh Rai Bachchan, warned them not to go. lang, if they are not yet married, because at that time, they are still young.
Likewise, we will have full information through the court decision.
Twenty years ago, these 11 men killed 14 members of Bilkis Bano's family after raping and raping women including Bilkis Bano who was five months pregnant at the time.
The word 'development' is a word that everyone talks about.
Shillong: Taxi drivers, yesterday, stopped operating at the square near Hynniewmer, Upper Shillong for the third day in a row. They protested against the police's ban on vehicles from traveling to Shillong.
The 7th India Water Week is held under the theme “Water Security for Sustainable Development with Equity” which focuses on water security and issues related to sustainable development. -scheme harum:i) “aspects of water security and their impact";ii) “addressing challenges of growing water demand through water cooperation";iii) “water governance – policies, action plan and institutions".
The three-member delegation led by Dr. Ampareen M Lyngdoh, Daniel Thangkiew and Dr. Viveknanda Singh Rathore, IPS (SP, West Garo Hills) have left for Imphal to assist in the evacuation of those who are still stranded in the north.
Tympew leaves can really help those with Type-2 Diabetes and strengthen the internal organs of the body.
Another part of the Behdeinkhlam festival is the E Bam E dih for those who live in the Takur.
Shillong: The Congress leaders have come forward to express their position clearly on the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Shillong: Police have arrested Pynshai Nongrang, who was involved in the murder of his wife, Ibansalumlang Rympeit, who was still alive for nine months.
It is a sad thing that there is or has to be such an unpleasant incident in our state.
Pringstar said that as soon as the truck was stopped, the Khasi robbers including an elderly man and a child got up and took the three men out of the truck and started shooting. to extend my hand to them.
Regarding these activities, the union urges the MeECL employees not to act too much, adding that the union will go to get information from the officials. If it is found that there are any illegal activities or intentions to exploit anyone, the party will not accept.
Johny Kharkongor won the first prize, Anthony Nongkhlaw came second and Y.Sun came third.
He said don’t be like the Pharisees “For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.
The Meghalaya State AIDS Control Society (MACS) will hold its 10th Red Fest under the Northeast Multimedia Campaign on the theme 'Northeast United Against HIV/AIDS' on 28th June, The concert will be held at the LARITI Performing Center at Mawkasiang, New Shillong starting at 10 am.
“Meghalaya has made history in the Men's National Football Championship by finishing second after losing to Karnataka in the final.
AAP spokesperson Akshay Marathe has also tested positive for the virus.
Amritpal escaped from a police station in Jalandhar district on October 18, by turning over his vehicles and clothes to escape arrest.
Mukul was responding to Conrad Sangma's allegation that the scheme is not profitable and a waste of state government money.
Have you ever seen Chad or Kam wajooh, In the presence of Yaw the King? Everything is niawliar niawtang The answer is yes.
In the men's team event, the winners were East Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that India as a developing country and all the youth should contribute for the development of the country.
Shillong: Mawlai SC beat Ryntih SC 5-0 in the 19th match of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League at Polo Stadium on Saturday.
And that false gospel teaching, they want to pervert the gospel of Christ.
Therefore, these foreigners came to this country to trade and accumulate wealth and when they became rich and longtrai, they invited more and more of their fellow citizens to join hands. to set up jobs and to trade more than they did when they first came here in our country because they saw that the Khasi wanted to be selfish and not for others. Village and Hima leaders are those who do not work.
The robbers were suspected to be members of the rebel group who asked the three occupants of the auto about their jobs and kidnapped the teacher and released the two. .
Shillong: Former CEM of Khasi District Council and former Chief of Bhowal Hima, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that only the Border Hat at Balat is operating in Khasi Jaintia Hills. This is the only market in East Khasi Hills, which is located in the Bhowal Hima of Mawsynram Constituency.
He also explained that the law does not allow the breaking of rotten or combustible nuts even in nut dumps.
You older children have seen the poverty of us parents when even a mountain has to be cut down.
It is learned that the group of these three persons wants to send the son of Bah Kitdor (former Mairang MLA) Bah Lawan Pynshngaiñ War, but the matter is still pending in talks with the Mairang MLA. However, it is understood that if it does not reach the Congress in Mairang, it will collapse.
Nonglang said that although the Congress does not have former MLAs who are more skilled and knowledgeable in the working methods.
“The law should force those who don't want to, because they are afraid of running away because of the shuki,” said the Working President of the UDP. “He will amend this Act,” said Bah Bindo.
The agreement was signed by Assam Minister Atul Bora and Mizoram Home Minister Lalchamliana.
Speaking at the meeting, Santa Mary said that the ambulance was purchased by her as the candidate for the election, Bah Kynjaimon Amse, from Umkiang. and Daiapherbha Lamare, from Sonapur, who have been following up with Conrad Sangma until they have received this ambulance from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund. The Society of Umkiang and the surrounding villages have extended their best wishes to all the residents of Umkiang and surrounding villages. I would like to extend my blessings to the driver of this vehicle and pray that God will be with him to save us from any tragic incident.
She also alleged that the people who like to announce in these ways are only those Ingkhongshyllangmat, who want to sell the country and the nation, especially to intimidate the people in the border area.
“After an inspection and consultation with senior national army officials, the plan had to be dropped.
Shillong, June 02 : Jovial Andre Laloo, 30, resident of Mawprem EKHD, has left Meghalaya to take part in the Paragliding Championship in Himachal Pradesh.
Police launched a search operation after receiving a tip that a parachute had fallen from the sky with a strange object containing a song.
The Expression of Interest (EOI) is to invite applications from those people who are interested and able to do the work, where the Directorate of Tourism will build wayside amenities on the site. nominated by the applicants or villages, in which the applicants or villages have to take responsibility for the implementation and maintenance and this will help as a source of income for them.
Three candidates from Nongkrem, HS Shylla of the UDP, Lambor Nongrum of the Congress and Bah Hubert Riang of the HSPDP, have contested the mid-term MDC elections from Nongkrem. The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkynrew today welcomed the President of the party, Dr. Donkupar Roy at a general meeting held at Mawkynrew.
One group of creatures cannot live without another or one group of creatures needs and depends on its life and growth on another, that is, the "Theology of interdependence"
Besides, the police said that the theft of two wheelers has happened frequently in Mawlai area as well as in other parts of Shillong.
The Khasi will continue to lose 2 sut while joining these parties.
Within three years of its inception, it has been able to provide assistance to more than 10 crore people.
Therefore, we have decided to seek a reply from the Central Government,” said Dr Nonglait.
Boys Higher Secondary School) followed by St Anthony's College in third place.
The first is the BOP at Saba and the second is on the plan of Assam to build a Central University at Khanduli village.
In this regard, the RBYF and the Rangbah Shnongs said that if the High Court cannot do this, they will take another tough path to explain the actions. of the Meghalaya High Court, which recognized these refugees as villagers.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Sutnga Saipung MLA Shitlang Pale has expressed his shock and surprise to see a false news on social media saying, “There is a rumor that Shitlang Pale will join the BJP. .
He urged the Association to take action to bring about change in the workplace.
On the same day, the statue of Syiem Latympang Shadap Manar was also unveiled on this famous hill.
It is very difficult for the people of War, Sohra-Shella and other areas, to forget Dr. Don, a man, not only who served for more than 31 years, when he won slowly, but won slowly. lynter since 1988, but his old age, especially his physical appearance.
However, it cannot be denied that evil does not need to be taught, but it is easy to follow.
Regarding the amount of money in the fishing competitions and whether the government has any information about this, Bah Kyrmen said that if the organizers of the fishing competitions receive revenue, they too. they are required to contribute to the state budget.
Shillong, June 08: U Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, a senior journalist and writer, passed away on Thursday at his residence in Umroi Laban Saro, Ri Bhoi District. .
On the 29th of June, the child, who was raped by this man, informed the incident to his family members who took him to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital for treatment.
Those who wish to participate in this competition can register through the online website of the MSOA () or offline, at the MSOA office in Shillong and Sohra shop. near Indian Oil petrol pump.
Louis also asked the government and the police what they have done on this, but that they are only interested in summoning the political parties.
The internet is very important in today's new era.
However, it was found that only half of the cleaning has been completed while the rest is still lyngruh lyngram as before.
Speaking at the 71st Plenary Session of the North Eastern Council (NEC) in Shillong, Amit Shah said that in the last 10 years under Modi's leadership, not only the distance from the North East The East to Delhi and the country as a whole has decreased due to the import of goods, but the differences in feelings have also decreased.
It is suspected that the children were raped at this place, said the SP. Police found that many children were drinking alcohol inside the yard inside the vehicle and some were sitting lyngkhuit without jaiñ without shoes.
Most of those who sold soh came from Smit and Sohiong areas who came by car with men.
like these.
The union is against the sale of land to the army as it said that once the army gets the land they will not allow people to enter and will disrupt the traffic and peace and order of the people.
And he said, “It is a great honor to have the opportunity to be present at this celebration of the death anniversary of Tirot Singh who was a true hero.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Saturday inaugurated a shop selling Ryndia clothes, handicrafts, and embroidered clothes. Ryndia in various ways which is located along the National Highway and falls under Mawdiangum village.
It is best if the authority issues a certificate of weight to the empty trucks that have been sealed by the authorities.
Regarding the violation of the order issued by the Forest Department of the State Government, many retired government employees of West Khasi Hills have complained that the factory has violated the order issued by the Forest Department. B.Lyngwa Chairman of the Forest Department of the State on 10th March 2020, to close down the factory in Rwiang, is just a trick to get money because until now it has not pat closed completely.
“The area is very difficult to drain the water, during these rainy days it has been reported that the water has increased.
Nongpoh, March 07: Lumbyrhing, Pahamrïoh village in Ri-Bhoi district has been flooded since last night after the water stopped on the National Highway due to the blockage of garbage. The National Highway 6 has been affected by the floods and has caused heavy traffic jam on the National Highway
The KSU also urged the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of establishing the Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai which has been pending since
If the Government has been able to implement as mentioned by the Prime Minister, the existence of the State Zoo will be of great benefit to the people of Ri Bhoi.
Besides these tourist attractions, the residents of the village have discovered other places which are different from the tourist attractions of the world and they have also discovered other crematoria which can attract them. visitors from all over.
"(Lk.23:34).
“This is the problem of the coalition government because those who lead the government benefit more than their colleagues in the government.
On the other hand, the Divisional Forest Officer Dr C. Manjunath (IFS) said that the reason for the suspension of the challan is that the old stock has run out and now they have written to the government to give permission. take a count of the Mawshun that remains in the mines.
The DC has informed and requested the public that if any person violates these rules, they should immediately report to the district authorities and police.
Referring to the participation of only three out of thousands of people in the protest, he said that because the District Administration has allocated 144 Cr.
From these elders it was learned that there are about four or five villages where the Khasi-Pnars live like Kurma, Dartuicherra, Hilsara and Jalai and all of them live in agriculture and farming. There is also a problem in the lack of development even in education.
Pala SC will play against Daistong SC at 2.00 pm.
If the disease continues to increase and there is no way out, we will not be able to impose a lockdown”.
The Ri-Bhoi District Cricket Association (RIC) has beaten the Shillong District Cricket Association (RIC) in the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. The tournament was organized by the MCA at Umbuda Stadium, Nongpoh.
On November 10, 2014, the High Court had ruled that Rangbah Shnongs do not have the authority and right under the law and the Constitution of the country to issue birth certificates. or to register any documents such as a building permit or a bank loan.
One of the good deeds that Mother Anne used to do was to visit the prisoners in Shillong District Jail to provide food and medicine to those in need.
So far, 51 complaints have been received of ATM fraud between July and April this year.
It has banned the use of children as leaflet distributors, poster makers or to campaign for elections.
According to the CCIB leaders, the government has not yet included in the inspection of the signboard along the India-Bangladesh border prepared by the National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC).
This recognition by the BJP leaders in Delhi is also a message to the people through the Chief Minister that they too must listen and implement these outstanding demands for Meghalaya. After getting a strong government in Delhi,” said Dr Ampareen.
There will also be a ceremony to honor the two female teachers of the school.
The government's reluctance to implement this scheme is because it is still looking for ways how to manage it because if it doesn't succeed, it will put us back in trouble as before.
“Now we want to start another Wat Ba ar to discuss because the authorities from Block I, Block II, Khanduli, Psiar, have come and requested the government to start the demarcation in these areas. They don't know where the border of Meghalaya is and where the border of Assam is.
Last month, Sudeep announced that he would take part in the rally in support of Bommai.
The meeting was held on the 27th and 28th of this month at Pasighat, Arunachal Pradesh at the headquarters of NEIAFMR. the public exhibition of herbal medicines and the listing of the various types of herbal medicines and treatments available in Northeast India.
He emphasized on the PMGDISHA which is a way for the residents aged from 18 to 60 years to be taught how to use computers.
“I have contracted the coronavirus.
There are six MDCs on the list and they are Bah Pynshngaiñlang (Pynthorumkhrah), Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh (Mylliem), Batskhem Ryntathiang (Mairang), Gabriel Wahlang (Nongstoin), Charles Marngar. (Mawhati) and Carnes Sohshang (Mawkyrwat).
In the final match, Mawlai Phudmuri beat Synrop Football Club 3 to 2 goals.
The skin of your body is blue or red according to your species.
Another wicket was taken by Dippu Ch Sangma (1/7), and Arunachal still needed 353 runs to tie Meghalaya again.
He said she is a widow with five children and a child who cannot speak or hear.
The first students of the school were Bah B.Shangpliang and Kong R Shabong, who were also honored on the closing ceremony of the 50th Anniversary.
Shillong, July 19 : The Meghalaya women's cricket team has won the Senior Women's One Day Trophy.
There are 90 recoveries.
In this forecast, Hoogerbeets said that an earthquake measuring 8 on the Richter Scale will strike between 1st and 3rd June
The camp will help patients with rheumatism, muscle pain, headache, mental illness, and more.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Streamly S Niangti Vice President, Samla Fivestarson Suiam General Secretary, Samla Benison S Kamar Organising, Samla Cheriti D Suja Assistant Finance Secretary and Samla Cheriti D Suja Asst Finance Secretary. KSU Barak Valley Circle includes Samla Lency Bareh President and Samla Morning Suja Vice President.
Although it is now clear that the wind of the NPP and UDP is starting to blow well, it is not clear who will benefit more from this shift from one party to another.
T.4 lakh in cash, 9 boxes of soap containing heroin and small bottles of heroin containing 108 grams each were also seized.
: Michael N Syiem, leader of the Mait Shaphrang Movement, has demanded that the candidates for the MLA elections should also include their registration certificates when they file their nomination papers. court registration of your name.
Shillong, June 06: The government's closure of liquor shops in the state has affected the owners, employees and beneficiaries of the liquor shops.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah Marbud Dkhar, who said, “It is very encouraging to hear that the young children of one of the deceased, will call upon thy father with all thy heart.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the State Government should introduce a State Employment Policy (SEP) and transparency in the employment process in the State.
The organizing secretaries include Bah Emanuel Syiem Malngiang, Overson Nongkhlaw, Hanbor Sohtun and Pyntngenlang Khonglam.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem also congratulated the Sordar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs who have worked hard in the fight against the Corona Virus.
“The NPP leader also praised the decision and step taken by Bah Hamlet to leave the PDF and join a party like the NPP for a strong government. and rule alone in
The newly appointed Chief Minister, Sabananda Sonowal, who may be invited to join the Union Government in Delhi, has sent his resignation letter to The Governor of Assam, Jagdish Chief.
Sylliang said that if the disease enters the state, Umsning will be one of the most affected villages, as the highest stock is in Umsning. more than 2 lakh chickens.
The water of Dhunia is also a source of cleanliness.
(a) Darkness and thunder came from 6 o'clock to 9 o'clock or 12 to 3 o'clock.
This is a separate issue and has nothing to do with the introduction of Hindi as a subject in schools.
The Seng has given 10 days to the Director to implement these demands and promised to close down the office of NEIGRIHMS. In the meeting, the President of the HYC told the Magistrate that the anger of the HYC leaders is that the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital has neglected and They also alleged that they wanted to create trouble.
Your shisha is 100% sir sangsot and you are not able to control it.
Look at the life of Joseph and how he did not retaliate against his brothers after they had done him wrong.
Earlier, the committee had held many meetings.
The Jaïaw Langsning Women's Association on 12th November celebrated its 50th Anniversary or Golden Jubilee at a meeting held at the Community Hall of Jaïaw Langsning.
Finally, the union and the people of the Elaka strongly oppose if the work on this road continues, until the arrangements have been made with the relevant department, according to a statement sent by the General Secretary of Amlarem. Circle U AB Pamshang.
According to him, the issue of talks with the HNLC has been going on for 24 years.
However, despite that, the Meghalaya team was beaten by less than 100 runs.
In fact, he wanted to visit the Law Kyntang but due to the bad weather, he had to watch and listen to the stories of the longsan.
Slavery was a life of oppression and persecution and Nebuchadnezzar undoubtedly oppressed and forced the Jewish slaves.
He explained that if the people send him to the Legislative Assembly, it is to eradicate drugs in this constituency and the state as a whole. The young men have lost their way and have lost even the precious lives of the young men.
Nongstoin, Naitung 05: The residents of Kynroh area in West Khasi Hills District and surrounding villages have faced a serious problem due to the deterioration of the Nongstoin-Kynroh road from Jaidoh to Nongkasen. The days and times have passed which has really upset the people in many ways especially which has disrupted the movement of the people.
Of the 55 areas occupied by Israel, 25 are Hamas strongholds.
However, these government employees in the state alone are only about 80,000 out of about 30 lakh residents of the state.
At first I was afraid to play him, but we give confidence to the young players and also to trust the young players from the training camp.
Bah Michael said that this lack of income is also due to the fact that many households refuse to strengthen the tyrpeng of their sons and said that this allocation to all the children will strengthen the the spirit of struggle of the Khasi people.
In a statement sent by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhya, he informed the public on behalf of the people of Ri Bhoi that Sections 25 and 26 of the Water Act have been enacted. ) Act, 1974 and through this Act, it is prohibited for any factory or private individual engaged in any type of waste production activities not to discharge into rivers or public places and before These activities must also be carried out with the permission of the State Pollution Control Board of Meghalaya.
They also said that there are many Garo schools across the Khasi Hills in areas where the Garo people are predominant and the state government has started to introduce the Garo language in government schools but The surprising thing is that the teachers who have been appointed to teach Garo are not Garo or have completed their education in Garo.
He said that the BJP's money laundering has not benefited the country except to enrich the officials involved.
India has reported 1.52 lakh new cases of covid-1
Speaking after the meeting, Conrad K Sangma said the government is still thinking of ways and means to curb the violence.
The census will be completed by July 22 this year.
There are 28 confirmed cases so far and four have recovered.
He has contested the MP election from Tura although he did not win in 2019 and has been a member of the National Council of the BJP for more than two years.
HH Mohrmen in his speech, urged the leaders of the groups to be accurate and set clear targets so that the groups can move forward and win.
“It was clear that the people of Mawshynrut Constituency have rejected the NPP, Bah Gigur Myrthong and his government,” he said. .
The service was strengthened by the performance of songs from Sutnga Church, KJP Eastern Synod, KJP Eastern Synod, Nangbah Church, Mawpat and Malki Church.
Thus, after hundreds of years, those who were not Khasi also became interested in Shillong.
These antigens cause your body to make antibodies to fight diseases if they attack the body later.
Various meats such as pork, beef, chicken and goat have been thoroughly studied and tested to ensure that they are safe for consumption, she said.
He hoped that the three NPP MDCs would express their willingness to contest the MDC election on the UDP ticket in
Other schools including David Edward UPS Mukhap, Mukhap UPS-Secondary and Lumlihoi UPS SSA also took part in the celebration. The meeting was conducted by S. Sungoh Chairman Mukhap Village and welcome speeches were delivered by R. Lapasam, Waheh Shnong Mukhap, S. Lamare (Chairman Watershed Committee Wahiongnoh). Mynsar) and T. War, DSWCO (T), Jowai Division.
In East Khasi Hills, Chief Ministers were DD Pugh, BB Lyngdoh, Dr Flinder Anderson Khonglam and Donkupar Roy.
He said that at present, Meghalaya has about 10,000 km of roads maintained by the State Government except for the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and NHIDCL.
David knew about the Lord, who He was.
They don't work even if they offer Rs 5 crore just to contest from the party they propose.
Income Tax officials conducted a raid at CMJ Breweries in Shillong and seized documents relating to the ownership of Eternal Enterprises Global Ltd and Azure Enterprises Global Inc. don sha in Bilat.
The Meghalaya BJP, as mentioned above, should not be proud to nominate MP candidates in both the constituencies, as it will face challenges and help the Congress to win instead of losing.
However, for this purpose, it is still in trouble because there is no law and now the Municipal Department is ready to pass a law on land dealers.
On the 31st of November, there will be a State Funeral Service at his residence in Sohra at 10 pm, while from 12.30 to 3.00 pm, there will be a State Funeral Service. The funeral service will be held at the Stadium in Sohra and at 3 pm, the body will be taken for burial at Shella.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to hold again the Monolith Festival which was held twice in 2015 and 2016 at Mawphlang.
Rane was planning to inspect Gadnadi near Vagade Gaon in his constituency due to the complaints of the people about the water blockade affected by the construction of a work, where the Deputy Engineer. Prakash Shedekar has had to take responsibility for the failure to complete the work.
He said that through this meeting, it has brought closer the relationship between the health workers and the village leaders, because if there are any different incidents in the villages, the village leaders can to immediately inform the health personnel and it is also to make it easier for the health personnel to inform the villages, if there are any urgent information.
“We have discussed the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) scheme which has been implemented since 2001-2002 and besides this scheme, we have also received schemes from the state government through the PHE and SMB departments. to provide drinking water to the people in Laban, Lumparing, Kenches Trace and Laban Madan,” said Bah Sanbor.
Having blotted out the bond written in ordinances that was against us, which was against us; that stood opposed to us); He took it away and nailed it to the cross" Colossians 2:13-1
Everyone was pleased with this ECD Mission and wanted to work hard to become an example not only in the country but in the world.
After Zayed's announcement that he will star in a new film, Esha Deol and other Bollywood stars congratulated him on his role.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: The body of (L) Elius Thabah, 38, of Laitkor, Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ, has been recovered on Saturday. Rwiang when he went hunting with his brother and another friend.
This is a big change.
Speaking on the ECI's announcement of the elections in the state, Ernest said, “The AITC has not yet announced its full manifesto.
The second part is the knia ka khriam on the altar of incense, in which two bulls are used, one a female and the other a male.
If we look closely at the situation in the state since its inception in 1972, we do not see that there is any clear educational policy on education.
The joint support of the NPP, BJP and NCP was needed. Then it was very exciting to contest against the Congress candidate and the victory was more hopeful.
There is also an academy at this stadium which provides training to children aged 11-12 years and above and in Shillong there is only this place,” said Bah Kynsoibor.
The author Dr HH Mohrmen agreed that this book on Kiang Nangbah, the freedom fighter, is different from other books published about him.
It is learned that the rice was packaged in the name of the company and sent back to Meghalaya.
It was also decided to investigate where the money went and why the government took away the T.27 crore.
“It should not be a misleading act, but it should have confidence and it should be implemented immediately.
Out of the T.16,000 crore already allocated, the Government of Meghalaya has spent more than T.2500 crore annually on various schools, colleges and besides, on the construction of houses. school manla u year.
Rangbah Ba Donburom, Hato has been allowed to drill for groundwater in private residential areas in Shillong (e.
If we have young people who are respectful, respectful and understand the value of life, sweet fruits will surely grow.
“There has been a huge disruption in employment and other activities, especially the severe anxiety for students in their studies and examinations.
Israeli drones continued to fly forward and fired at the sides of the house to allow people to leave and after a while, warplanes arrived and bombed. the whole house.
He said that they feel sorry for these teachers because they have to spend about 6 hours a day from cleaning to cleaning the equipment while the salary is low.
In a letter sent to the Chief Secretary, KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon and General Secretary James MA Neng, KHNAM has expressed its surprise to see that there is a difference between the decision of the adopted at the all party meeting on 31st June, 2023 and the decision of the Cabinet especially regarding the terms of reference to be fulfilled by the Committee Expert.
These are the whole house of Israel.
One of the objectives of the Tura Golfers Association is to spread and promote golf in the area through training camps in schools in Tura. Sports Department of the State Government.
With the resignation of these three MLAs, the number of RJD MLAs has now risen to 21 in the State Legislative Assembly.
He said that the meeting discussed the issue of Scheduled Tribe certificate by the office of the Deputy Commissioner and it was decided to demand from the government to return the Scheduled Tribe certificate. Scheduled Tribes to the District Councils as this is within their jurisdiction.
The Seng has also sent another complaint to the NHIDCL regarding the deterioration of the roads from Mylliem to Dawki Tamabil and to improve them as soon as possible for the safety and order of the people.
However, the ultimate objective of the election of leaders is to make laws for the development of the country, the people and the state.
“That is an impossible demand because it is a big demand,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
“To achieve the aspirations of the people, it is necessary to look at the working of the North Eastern Council,” he said.
To eradicate these illegal mining and quarrying, it is necessary to take action against the higher authorities of the government and if there is no action from the higher authorities, this illegal quarrying will continue. “What the state is suffering is only the destruction of forests and the loss of revenue,” said a source.
“We will continue to fight hard to demand that the Central Government should repeal Para 12 A (b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution through a proclamation from the President. “The central government is related to this state,” he said.
He said that it is necessary for the people to know the truth when they buy goods that they should be of adequate quality and the price should not exceed what is written on the retail price. or MRP and if any of those who sell at the highest price and low price are found, the buyers should lodge a complaint in writing with the department for action against the violators.
“Think about all the countries in India.
Therefore, the stadiums should be adequate and in line with the stadiums of the world,” said Major General Mohit Mohendroo MG ASC of the Eastern Command.
Mark Austin Wanswet scored the first goal for Ri Syon in the 30th minute for more than 10 goals until the end of the first half. change steps.
Shillong, Lber 31 : Former MLA Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie as the chief guest inaugurated the Annual Sports Meet 2023 of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai. at Law Roman Square on the 31st and which started on the 30th of October
He was speaking on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone for the construction of the 2.74 crore tyngka 1km long road by the Minister of C&RD Bah Hamlet Dohling who is also the MLA of the area. from Mawpun Umlyngka to Tyllong It also includes the road to the Umlyngka Presbyterian Church.
Former DHS Dr. Rita Tariang has joined the BJP Meghalaya in a welcome ceremony by the President of the party, Rickman Momin in the presence of Vice Presidents including Bah Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit. , Gagan Jain and Wankitbok Pohshna, General Secretary Everist Myrsing and State Secretary Dr Bernadette Lyngdoh and others.
Today, seven new cases have been confirmed in Guwahati.
Bah Mawkordor is a self-employed person who runs the dewbilat.
We cannot say that the families are now in trouble and it is our duty to find ways and means to strengthen the family and to revive the elderly and fighters.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Gram Sevak and Secretary of the MNREGS scheme have alleged that the Gram Sevak and Secretary have eaten the salary of the 100 days workers, and have lodged a complaint with the BDO. in West Garo Hills at Sil village, which falls under Salsella Block.
The Chief Minister said that he had held a meeting with the police chiefs in Garo Hills in the past few days, where he said that the curfew has been called by the ASAK in Garo Hills and the HNLC. in the Khasi Hills.
Sajem is a football player and has been the coach and manager of the Meghalaya Women's Team and is also an employee of the Meghalaya Baby League.
Many of our schools which are far from Shillong do not provide the education that will make the children enjoy coming to school.
It was at this time that he decided to follow in the footsteps of Christ and try to become a worker in his vineyard.
The Minister said that on 17th July, 2022, the North-East Students' Organization (NESO) together with other organizations held a sit-in in Shillong to protest against the implementation of the the CAA, at the same time to raise the voice of demand for the implementation of the ILP in the State.
At the meeting, the party also discussed the need for an Organization Secretary, Media Cell and other necessary committees.
The MLA of Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that he does not want to respond to the statements of the opposition because he believes that the work he has done for the area in the last three years speaks for itself. than words.
In East Khasi Hills, the turnout of government employees has been 75 per cent, said Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal.
Shillong: The Minister of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong, today said that due to the loss of three electricity distribution units, the state has a shortage of 122 MW of electricity. to the power outage in the state.
He said that the time has come for the government to take action on this issue and if it feels necessary, it will appoint special environmental protection police.
The Government has also received the approval of the Governor.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) today submitted a petition to the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, urging him to take action to ensure that the government bans plastic bags. 1st Ground, Polo.
Police have conducted investigation into the incident and found that the suspect was identified as Dalmen M Sangma of Baija Williamnagar.
Furthermore, 15 units of Mawlai Constituency including Nongkohlew, Mawtawar, Mawkynroh, Nongpdeng, Nongkwar, Mawiong Umjapung, Mawiong Rim, Nonglum, Motsiar and others were confirmed.
Manas said that at that time, the non-Congress government was in power for a year in the state and there was a law prepared and at that time, there was a little change, in which Conrad Sangma, Minister of Finance at that time and then Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs at that time. The first education law in the state, said Choudhury in a statement.
This is one of the raids, which has seized a large quantity of sugarcane by the police and BSF in South Garo Hills, especially in these days, when the smuggling of sugar is rampant in the border areas. and Bangladesh.
The KSU said that the Assam government has given 120 days to the people whose names have not been registered in the NRC to apply to the Foreign Tribunal. The KSU has urged the officer in charge of the gate to check the documents and to check all types of vehicles to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. sha this area.
saying, I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and I heard behind me a voice as of a trumpet, saying,
The purpose of this tree planting is to encourage the residents around the Myntdu River especially those from Jowai to prevent landslides and to cover the Myntdu area with trees.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle has inspected the PMGSY road from Mawkhanu to Jaroit after it has become very bad due to the negligence of the contractor for many months.
One person was taken to hospital, three more people were injured and they held a protest at Nongthymmai Square.
Mansi Anand tied 25 runs off 49 balls and Monica Singh seven runs off 20 balls.
Six persons from West Garo Hills, four persons from Assam and three villagers were included in the list.
Ah! If I don't have the wisdom to work, to read the books and to pray, I believe that the devil will flee.
As of 10.30 pm on Tuesday, no bomb was found as reported, said Rajesh Deo, Deputy Commissioner of Police (South-east). ).
In addition, these deficit patterns do not differ significantly from the deficit system.
Genesis 6:3.
Both the teams played hard from the start.
“"
On the tourism industry, he said Mawkynrew has increased from the presence of Laitlum and Nongjrong.
These figures are subject to change in the next few minutes.
The funeral service will be held on the 13th July 2016 from his residence at Mawlai Nonglum Substation.
He said that the government does not know how many people lived in the Shillong Normal Area before 2014 because there are those who have just arrived today.
The CEM said that after the meeting with the chief executives, the committee will prepare all the reports to be submitted to the state government before meeting with the Assam government. , he said that the government should ensure that the discussion on the boundary resolution should be heard by the decision of the District Council.
Both the complaints have been sent to the Chief Secretary of the State Government, who has been given 45 days to respond.
The BJP is a Hindu party, Modi will turn it into a Hindu country like the Vatican.
If the government decides, it should appoint a ksiang,” said the statement.
This is like the syrup or sugar water obtained as shown above from boiling the pie water and then storing it in jars or jars for about two weeks or.
It is a very stupid speech.
The two PDF MLAs will be welcomed by the NPP President Conrad K. Sangma who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, General Secretary of the NPP, Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLAs and office bearers of the NPP. The PDF candidates are Gavin Mylliem from Sohra constituency and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew constituency.
Besides many places which have already been declared as Micro-Containment Zones, two SBI Banks, Nongpoh and Umiam Branch, have been temporarily closed. The branch will be closed from 10th to 16th June, while SBI Umiam will be closed from 10th to 12th June.
One of the French chiefs who fought against Tirot Singh said, “If all the Khasi chiefs had joined in this struggle which took place all over the country, which began with the massacre at Nongkhlaw, it would have been It was a great achievement for the Lum Khasi country.
In another development, the UDP has decided not to cooperate if the HPDP cannot replace Bah Ardent with another leader. and Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
Bah Roykupar Synren said that if you look at the jobs that are not available in the state, the Khasi Jaintia people are being discriminated against.
On the first day, many heats for track and field were completed and there were also several finals.
A tea tree needs a lot of fertilizer.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 8: Through RTI, the Mawshynrut Youth Movement (MYM) led by Bah Shem Rynñiaw has discovered the misuse of the SRWP and CMSRDF schemes. (MLA), he has become a family business scheme for the people.
Doesn't the government see the suffering and pleas of the farmers at such times? As we have seen in Punjab that all the parties have united together to eradicate the problems of the farmers, but in our state, I don't know whether they have the intention to unite as a state.
The meeting, chaired by the EM in charge of Khasi Hills, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has renewed all the full members of the Khasi Traditional Medicine Commission. Act, 2011 in which the EM is the Chairman of the Commission.
At this time of crisis, it is dangerous if the company's employees come into the area especially to enter the homes of people. “I have urged the village authorities to install the smart meter so that they can think carefully about the proposal of MeECL,” said a statement sent by Bah Laitphar Syngkrem, President KSU-War Jaintia. and Mr. Reachingson Kongwang, General Secretary of FKJGP.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong, after meeting with the members of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Teinwell Dkhar, today said that he has already sent the Administrator Rule to the Governor. Agatatha Roy and now it remains only to wait for the decision of the Governor.
At the same time, the party has urged all the Rangbah Shnongs of the Dangar-Balat Border Area that if any villages wish to join the party, please inform the leaders so that they can join the party. If we had our own office in this area, it would be better to help the farmers.
The police have taken the accused to the CJM's court. The CJM has decided to grant bail to the suspect. signing the PR Bond.
After the talks between the JAC and JHCMA leaders in Topcem failed, they went to the Star Cement factory, but as soon as they reached the gate of the factory, 10 CRPF troops and police came and did not allow the JHCMA leaders. JAC to meet with foreign transporters to enter the factory.
U Bah Seiborlang Lyngdoh Nonglait, retired president of TULBA and the first founder of TULBA along with other members, explained the activities of the party since its inception in 2011 will not be completed until
The Bible says – “And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his sanctuary, and them that dwell in heaven.
The party sends its condolences to all the families who have lost their loved ones, and prays for those who were injured that God will be with them during this time of death. Shillong, Jymmang 26: A man accused of raping a 14-year-old girl, Sudhir Kr Paul, has been arrested in a statement. Prof. Roy was expelled from his place of employment.
Like cars that just come to stay overnight in the village, Your coming now, I know that you will leave only step by step in a place full of your new desires.
On the other hand, MeCEL declined to comment on the incident, admitting that the authorities are not allowed to speak to the media.
G.D, Scientist & OIC, NBPGR, Regional Station, Shillong, who encouraged the farmers to preserve the indigenous seeds and also to take good care of them.
But at the same time, this is not only the fault or the work of the media, the people in colleges and universities also have a more important role to play in this.
And if they are willing to take this big decision, we hope that the government will be able to rebuild the problems it has to face after this pandemic.
It is the rich and the poor who are new to this shiah because their hope is only in government schools.
“These young people need a hand out of compassion.
The vacancies are available for seven vacancies and the detailed descriptions are as follows: on Contractual Basis for a period of 1 (One) year.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 23 : The District Sports Officer (DSO) of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin will hold the Chief Minister's Under-12 Yrs Block and District Level Open Football Tournament (Boys & Girls), which will start from 10th June, 2023 at each Block Center of the District followed by the District Level in June and finally the State Level in July,
Dhar also expressed confidence that the upcoming meeting will be successful.
On the other hand, the Governor urged the residents to cooperate with the state government so that these development works can be completed on time.
There will be many bands and singers who will entertain the audience during the festival and there will also be adequate food and drink venues.
In school children, police or soldiers, there is no talk without discipline.
Our nation needs Nongapphira physically, mentally and spiritually.
POOR HEALTH :- When the kidneys cannot function properly, the waste products stay in the blood rather than coming out through the urine.
“We see that there is no development in the area where the people depend for their livelihood on agriculture and there has been no turning away from the farmers,” he said.
She also requested them to be wise to preserve the environment and its surroundings, not to burn forests as it will lead to the destruction of forests, trees, animals and birds.
Dr. Lapang urged the believers who were present on this occasion, to close their eyes to the pleasures of this world, so that they can draw closer to God.
Comingone Ymbon has been appointed to the Ministry of Food, Water Resources, Home and Cooperation.
This is according to a statement sent by the Principal of the college, Dr.KK Nongsiej.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, acknowledged the shortcomings that the State has to go through in order to face the challenges and obstacles, and said that by accepting those shortcomings, the changes will will come to the State.
They also criticized the Khasi MLAs especially the 7 MLAs from Jaintia Hills for not saying anything on this issue which affects the khiewja of the people.
Elected members include Alban K Gashnga Chief Adviser, Donstand Khonglah Advicer, Namdichai Lamare President, Sumar Dkhar Vice President, Jai Pohshna General Secretary, Dei Syad Joint Secretary, Arwinstar Gashnga Finance Secretary, Saiñborlang Lamin Asst Finance, Autumn Sumer, Education Secretary Everest R Langstang Publicity Secretary, Donbok Dkhar Sport Secretary and Sumar Syngkor Environment Secretary.
Kishan (68 runs) and Ram (61 runs) continued to tied this morning without hesitation to reach the target.
Through these measures, it will be possible to reduce the misunderstanding between the BSF troops and the residents of the border villages and if such incidents continue to happen, the village authorities and The BSF troops should not take responsibility.
Four minutes later, Moolamanoh SC turned the tide through Kiming Dkhar.
Yes, it is true.
This is according to the information of the relatives.
KSU General Secretary Kwilness Suchiang said that the KSU has set up the check gate at this place as a sign of the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. after the government failed to implement.
One of the most interesting things is that there are three Anganwadi Centers, three Anganwadi Workers and three ASHAs who look after the children and monitor the health in the village.
In the sub-junior boys category, he went to Heirok Higher Secondary School, Imphal (Manipur) last year.
Therefore, it is up to us to be vigilant and wise whom and how to vote for. We must vote for candidates or parties who have the confidence and a solid foundation to bring about change in the state. we need urgently these days, we should not elect leaders who provide only temporary needs.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through Sohra Circle and Riwar Shella Circle has expressed its support to the MDA government. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Shella Constituency, Dr Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that the Sohra Sub-Division has been upgraded to a full district from a sub-district. District now.
“Our people are being persecuted and insulted in many ways by these communities besides living on our land,” said Bah Sungoh.
This is only because the drivers have been charging high prices during the lockdown.
It may be recalled that when Bah Dishan claimed to have worked with Bah Phai, he said that he did not know his family but he knew that he lived in Pynthor. u of Bah AL Hek (as told by Bah Phai to Bah Dishan), and after the arrest of Bah Phai he also admitted that he was the man of Bah AL Hek, and did not you are not your spoke person.
Recently, the National Vice President of the NPP and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has slammed the BJP for corruption by campaigning against the MDA government through social media despite being in the government. .
The remaining seven areas of difference, which have larger areas, can cause greater losses if we express our ignorance as in the first questions.
“If the lawyers do not complete the requirements for the hearing to be held again on 29th July, the officers in charge of the case will be summoned to appear before the court,” the court said.
This was stated by the Chief Minister after inspecting the road in Sawlad which needs to be improved due to the slowness of the road and which has caused problems especially to the vehicles that should have been able to cross the road. I don't know if I'm going to Lapalang.
The statement by one of the senior leaders of the Meghalaya government that the villages in Block II are within the border of Assam has encouraged and pleased the people of Assam.
Many times when there is such a protest, the foreigners are stingy and don't care, but since the incidents that have happened during the nightmare, many of the shopkeepers have stopped listening to the protests.
“We have not seen the situation 50 years after ours, this is not a campaign for elections.
“It is surprising because these students are smart and strong and take part well in any program of the school and Samla Phibankyntiew on Teachers' Day last year she took part in one of the programmes. program and Samla Wanboklang during his visit to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the meeting with the MDCs. it's something that's so awake," he said.
“I am not talking only about the poor, there are also the middle class, who earn together, but their income is low and the government should look after them,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the candidate from 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, said that although she is new in this field, she has confidence and belief that she will reach the goal of victory. Although I am new, I have done many things for the people, such as the introduction of the C&RD Block in Lumshnong, the introduction of an ambulance in Umkiang and when I win I will introduce roads. Sutnga Saipung Constituency" She also appealed to the people to vote for her to bring about change and development in the constituency, especially to provide roads in the villages. which will be more convenient in travel especially for two-body mothers.
Therefore, during the rainy months from June to November, the number of lizards and lizards cannot be explained. When they sleep at night, they fly like fish and when they walk in the morning, especially during the rainy season. The thliem of the boi is not bread anymore.
I looked around and saw that the army truck had left.
“In these days of unemployment, he urged the youth to be successful in any job. He also informed that in the state even in the JCB job there are no jobs. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it for a foreigner.
The search for the missing soldiers is ongoing.
Shillong, July 16: The International Domestic Workers' Day was celebrated today at Sri Aurobindo Institute, Bivar Road in the presence of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Labor, Government of Meghalaya as the Chief Guest.
The coach of the team was Jeffrey Warlarpih, Asst Coach, Manager Belsius Khyriem.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Five Gram Sevika 2012 candidates from East Khasi Hills have staged an indefinite strike from today at Nongthymmai Square, Shillong.
These words which are stingy in use may be replaced by the iapan language if they are understood by the public and if they cannot be obtained in the original Khasi language.
As witnessed, Meghalaya was achieved without any bloodshed but through continuous struggle, until the leaders of that time, were able to convince the Government of India to grant the state.
The NEFIP also decided to oppose the proposal to make Hindi the national language and the BJP's proposal to force people to read and speak Hindi by force.
He prepared hard and suffered as much as he could.
He said that after reaching the goal of victory, he took the issue to the Chief Minister and with the understanding of the Chief Minister, he included it under the CM Elevate Program. the government will provide financial support to start the work up to 75%.
After forty days of fierce struggle in the wilderness Jesus went out to fight and bear the burdens, sicknesses and sufferings of the people and also to preach the Gospel of truth, freedom and full life. please.
On receiving a tip, police raided the vehicles and seized T.2,41,10 tyngka from a nearby forest.
In East Khasi Hills District, 78 new cases including 10 from Armed Forces and 68 from civilians, in West Garo Hills, 15 cases including 8 from Armed Forces and 7 from civilians. There are 13 cases in Bhoi district including 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills.
Dr War said that up to 963 people have been confirmed positive for Corona Virus across the state including 380 from various armed forces and 583 from civilians.
The fine for vehicles is that they have violated the law.
The Gibeonites took advantage of this Aiῆ and pretended to be a nation from the land, a land far away from Canaan.
He said that he and the party will stand firm to love their own and respect the property of others because it is necessary.
Khliehmawlieh, who lost in the final, received T.3 lakh while Rangdajied United, who lost in the final, received T.5 lakh.
“When asked about this, some of the traffic policemen said that they will have to do as they have been asked to do.
The BJYM (BJP Youth Wing) Meghalaya State said that as the youth, the time is no longer to sit idly by and listen and watch the problems faced by the youth from time to time. To come forward to work together and to set a goal for the development of the youth in all aspects so that the country and the nation can grow in all aspects concluded the President, Samla Egenstar Poor.
Fade : means that the light is slowly fading or darkening.
A mobile phone and two SIM cards were also recovered from him.
When inquired from Dr.E.Kalwing, who is in charge of the hospital, he said that the gate has been closed due to the influx of dogs. and I went to the hospital.
The company has reportedly deposited T.2 lakh as security deposit in the bank.
UP RMSA and Padu Secondary School beat Don Bosco Secondary School Mihmyntdu 10-0
Police said that the investigation is ongoing to find out the cause.
Nongstoin Police Station on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station that on the 15th of this month at 10 pm, seven persons under the leadership of Bah Komlin Lawrynniang, 40, and Nipbil Lawrynniang were arrested. 65 years old, they went to his house in Mawlangsu village (WKH), and threatened him and his family by accusing them of being Menshohnoh.
I love my country and build it; I pray for my country, That God will not forsake us.
Also present on the occasion was the Sordar of Mawmaram Village proper and in his speech, the Sordar congratulated the new Seng of Mawmaram Village and urged the Seng to continue to work together. together with the Shnong authorities in any area where the people are in need.
The union's complaint is on the grounds that the bank in Pynursla has been increasingly fraudulent especially in relation to the ATM machine where the people used to wait in line and withdraw money from the ATM in Pynursla. harassment when it comes to withdrawing money.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JHTOA President Ma Biangshwa Shylla said that 25 trucks carrying dewbilat and clinker have been deployed at Takhniang, Tuberkmaishnong near the office of JHTOA. In the Lumshnong, Wahiajer and Thangskai areas, from time to time they cheat and do not follow the rules of loading of goods by indigenous trucks.
Regarding the incident, the Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, in an interview with this reporter, said that while the farmers of Lapangap were visiting their fields, suddenly There were Karbi who had hidden themselves in the lawbnap and shot the Khasi-Pnar farmers with bird's nest and knives.
The child was taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong due to the lack of ventilators at Ganesh Das Hospital and the child died at Nazareth Hospital Shillong on the night of on January 2, 2023.
I don't know how to play chess anymore.
A short speech was delivered by Michal Chyrmang and President Dapoi Wanmi Laloo welcomed the new office bearers.
On Tuesday, an SHG Mega Camp was held at Shangpung, Laskein Block as part of the recognition of the services of SHGs to improve the income of the state in the rural areas.
It is reported that some users do not inject, inject or treat the fish with formalin.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has requested Rs 300 crore but it is understood that this is not enough and more will have to be requested from the Central Government.
In Shillong, there are 6,81,769 males and 7,14,283 females.
Similarly, if women/mothers live in poverty, they cannot marry a man who can provide for them even if he is married elsewhere.
Rida cried and cried.
These nine jainspongs who spoke jali ja-um three years ago have thanked us Jaintia people.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Thursday held a protest against the government's failure to protest against the government's decision to protest against the The union has raised a flag in front of Nongtalang CHC to force the government to bring back the 108 EMRI ambulance in Amlarem Subdivision to serve the people and help transport the patients to hospitals. the availability of paramedics or staff to provide treatment.
The body of Archbishop Dominic Jala was buried near the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah in the presence of thousands of Catholics and others.
“On the other hand, the HYC Jaintia has warned the perpetrators to immediately stop spreading slander against the Seng.
Khliehriat, July 27: The 75th Republic Day was celebrated in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, came to unfurl the tricolor flag of India and received the Rashtriya Salute of the 12 parade teams including the from the District Police Department, NCC and Scouts & Guides.
Noting that the VPP also stands for the non-tribal citizens of Meghalaya, Dr. Syngkon said he is confident that these citizens of the state will support the party. The party will win the Lok Sabha elections.
The JSU said that the DC has issued an order that shops should keep registers to register the names of people, but the shops have failed to follow this order.
We have been able to get Syiems from our Himas and from the state who can come together.
The KSU leaders also expressed their concern over the number of contractors, private individuals, who bring in foreigners to work in various jobs, in fact they should have invited workers from their brothers and sisters. snam, because many Khasi youths in this area are unemployed.
If we don't change ourselves, we can't expect changes to come in the country.
“This announcement by the Seng that the distribution of foodgrains in our villages without any other distribution of foodgrains has made us as the village leaders to be suspected by the villagers, because there is not a single farmer. said the Waheh Shnongs of the two villages, Ma Sumarhok Passah, Waheh Shnong of Khonshnong and Ma C Tangliang, Waheh Shnong of Iooksi.
Through the collaboration between the Forest Department, SPVS and LUMPL in these two villages of Shella and Nongtrai has also witnessed the planting and distribution of 2000 tree seedlings with the participation of school children and teachers. residents of these two villages.
The presence of only one Doctor Medical & Health Officer at this PHC has created a lot of problems to look after and treat the sick. to the people of the area.
Shillong, November 12: The price of tyrpad leaf at Iewdielang Mawiong has increased to T.37 per kilo compared to the previous price.
The parade was witnessed by the army and police departments of the state in accordance with the protocol.
According to information received, this incident happened shortly after the start of the competition scheduled to start from 9 am to 3 pm, but in the midst of the struggle of many rawon to catch fish from the pond. , a man has taken a fish to the thew shop which is suspected to be a dead fish, which has caused a strong protest from the rawon who took part in the competition. also alleged that he may have been involved with the organizers of the contest.
Das said the use of the helicopter is part of the Chief Minister's visit to various parts of the state to participate in various programmes.
All the works are clear;Who are those who violate,First of all are the MLAs;They violate the law by themselves.
Shillong: There have been 515 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 560 have recovered.
Shillong, November 13: U Blesstar Rynjah, 47, of Law Sohtun, Shillong, has surrendered to the Rilbong Beat House Police Station. The Rangbah Shnongs' march was held on the 5th of November at the Civil Hospital.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang said that as an MLA for three years as an MLA in the opposition, he has supported the government but when it comes to cases where he has to ask for help for the people of the country. The government leaders immediately conveyed his request.
Smit also fought hard and it was near the end of the first half that she got a corner, where she didn't manage to score from the corner she got, but it was through the presence of Andy Mawthoh's shot in the right place caught the ball and shot it back into the net for the equalizer.
“My feeling is that I am very sorry for this decision and one is that even a large Muslim mosque cannot be demolished within five hours if there is no prior preparation. “It's not agreeable,” said Godbole and added that this decision has to be discussed on the state of the judiciary in this country.
The 4th Berchem Cup was inaugurated by the leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District including Bah Ferdynald K Kharkamni, President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District as the chief guest. Region, President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of Ri Bhoi Tourism, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, President of Ri Bhoi Tourism, Anthony Suchiang, Secretary of Nongpoh Youth Association. Lumlang Shylla, President and Ronald Rani, General Secretary and other leaders of the area.
The coronavirus outbreak in China has claimed 80 lives.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : Shillong Lajong FC once again beat Langsning FC 1-3 in the first leg of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Tuesday. Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
If Manipur cannot be granted peacefully, why is it difficult to grant ILP to Meghalaya,” said the Seng.
“Every department should be directed to do what is appropriate and appropriate for the development of the North East.
Shillong: “After nine years of construction of the Police Outpost at Mawlai Mawkynroh, they have not been able to implement it, but through the Mawlai Bypass, we have come to request them to open the Police Outpost first so that they can “It's a good idea to stop the incidence of crime in those areas,” said MDC Mawlai Constituency Bah Teibor Pathaw.
Nishikania Sinha contributed 37 runs.
They said, "Let's sit here and drink.
The EM's reply surprised the MDCs in the dorbar how it has employed up to 15 employees but produces only T.5 spah per annum.
Shillong: U Rupang on Tuesday morning went to collect news after hearing that a bseiñ iong, more than 108 inches tall, has been killed by the residents of Lapalang village. The incident occurred at 11 pm in Pynursla.
Therefore, a complaint was made to the Block to demolish, rebuild from scratch and follow exactly the plan and estimates.
When asked where he received his training, Komik said that he listened only with his ears when he went around such programs and he got the opportunity to compose music.
The reasons given by the electricity department are the lack of staff, lack of funds to replace the old and lost electricity, but it is the duty of MeECL to provide for the shortage of electricity in the electricity department. “I don't want the Corporation to cause trouble to the people,” he said.
He said that Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit had brought the issue to the Budget Session to ask the government, who gave the authority to send shots but the answer was from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The Ministry of Home Affairs is not clear, so the Voice of the West demands that those responsible should be punished according to the law.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle on Friday led by its President Samla Losbingwel Lyngkhoi met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District on Friday regarding the problems of the area especially the lack of offices. different within the region.
On the opening day, leaders from different provinces of Vietnam witnessed the participation in the discussions.
At the end of play, Meghalaya were precariously placed on 12/3 in their second innings, trailing by 119.
With 7000 posts in various fields, this program is based on the hard work of NEHU to develop the talents of the youth, at the same time, to promote them to the path of you're right.
As usual, government employees do not listen to the government's orders to come to the office and refuse to come to the office just because of the office blockade by the political parties, he said.
However, the group they lead has the authority to turn to the side that will have more opportunities in other areas.
HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram, said that in the past few months, the price of jhur ki jhep has increased sharply, where the price of sohsaw has reached 40 tyngka per kilo and vice versa. other vegetables.
Other Congress MLAs who were not in the cabinet at that time joined in opposing Rymbai, and in 2007, Lapang was re-elected. MR.New Delhi, July 29: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Friday slammed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for misleading the people of the country. with the issue of bringing back the stolen money available to foreign banks.
Jeebon Roy Mairom was born in Saitsohpen-Sohra in 1838 (after the death of Paiem Tirot Singh Syiem).
Km along the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that when the dry season comes, the State is already expecting to face problems in the field of electricity.
Matthew 27:32.
For more information on this programme, residents can visit the center at Manai, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Dadri police have registered a case against Sabir and four members of the family under IPC sections 498-A, 504 (intentional). insult) and 506 (criminal intimidation).
The incident of eviction from Langpih in 1979, the shooting death of four Khasi elders by Assam police in Langpih on 14th June
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) Khliehriat Circle has visited the Khliehriat CHC to inspect the incident.
Andrew Tangsong of Nongpiur SC won the Best Player, Jason Paul Mawrie of Nongkseh Rim won the Top Scorer and Ronald Jyrwa of Nongkseh Rim won the Best Goalkeeper. Pyrda FC won the Best Manager, Nathaniel Janong of Nongumlong Junior and Metei Shaphrang Kharlor of Nongumlong Junior won the Best Discipline Team. .
The union also had the opportunity to talk to the DC of West Jaintia Hills who promised to take action on the issue and said that next month he will look into it. This is the loss of class of children.
At that time, Sonia Gandhi went to talk to Rama Devi, who told her that Chowdhury had apologized and wondered why she had brought Sonia's name in the House.
In the first innings, WKH managed to lose two wickets quickly, but Tempali Basumatary played well and did not score 39 runs from 33 balls.
“Ka seng has taken this step because there is a false registration of foreigners and those from Nepal even if they are only workers or immigrants.
Dr. Mukul distributed the forms to the beneficiaries.
The union encourages the women of the area to fight hard and not to allow the establishment of a petrol pump in the village as there are already two pumps in the past.
His presence will further strengthen the team defensively.
“We have set up a Task Force Committee to study the shortcomings in the rules of financial management, as well as the service rules of district councils,” he said. , said James.
No one asks you, where do you get money ? Maybe someone praises you for making money without working.
He said that the MGLPSCTA leaders are still monitoring their work and on Tuesday he spoke to Prestone by phone and they will I'm going to meet him next month.
Recently, the committee of these villages together with the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi District has visited the area and the surprising thing is that till now there has been no action from the district authorities. The committee has been looking for ways and means through the PHE department which has implemented the scheme to supply water to different villages and through this department has sent for testing of the water and found that the water through the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Lum Manik Raitong Area, Bah C Shadap, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Lum Manik Raitong Area, said that the water supply is no longer suitable for drinking water supply. , Chairman of the Umtrew River Protection Committee and Bah N Nongsiej, Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri Ummawbuh.
Police said that according to the information they have received, there was only one driver in the truck at the time of leaving for Bangladesh. in the truck.
Challam said that as a state, we should not urge the central government not to issue the Inner Line Permit (ILP) because the ILP has strong foundations.
Just to get a small piece of equipment, the workers had to wait for months.
Tangseng, fled the scene and climbed a 15 meter height, but was caught during a chase by police and residents.
The JAC comprises the MeECL Engineers Association (MEA), the Association of Power Engineers (APOE) and the MeECL Accounts Association (MAA).
It is also important to ensure that children drink water throughout the day so that hydration can be maintained.
Out of the 538 licensed liquor shops in the state, half of them have closed down these days due to violations of the law and the state government will lose at least T.80 crore in revenue. in ten years.
He said that most of those who came to him for treatment were burns, rheumatism, rheumatism and rheumatism.
Interestingly, through this Public Hearing of Star Cement, it was witnessed that all the Sengbhalang in Jaintia Hills have come together to strongly oppose the proposed mining of Star Cement.
“At 12:30 pm, the woman gave birth and the family members who were present phoned the nurses to send her to come immediately, but the nurses did not come and explained on the phone. 'to do this and that and give you water to drink,' he said.
“Six people have died this year from malaria,” he said.
Shillong, November 12: Four coal miners have died in a coal mine in Briwar, East Jaintia Hills district today. .
Other speakers included Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Ri Syon NEFC beat Pahamrioh SC 3-1 in the Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by Ri Khasi Social & Cultural. Sports Club.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday dismissed the case after the State Government approved the roster system of the State Reservation Policy.
They also expressed their hope that this Polytechnic School will benefit the youth of Ri Bhoi by being ready to donate even the land that the government does not need to pay for. However, this is a mistake in this building which has turned into a hideout for criminals and to commit crimes because until now the government has not been able to complete the should be for the benefit of young people.
“He is still in custody.
948 men and 565 women will take part in 14 sports, besides 236 male managers and 182 male managers. Three female managers.
He said that there has been no target to complete or implement the new Shillong Township but it will depend on the ability to build the requirements over time.
In the Group-A match, Laitkor SC beat Kick Start Football Coaching Center 7-0 at the Third Ground, Polo on Tuesday.
President Murmu arrived at Baljek Airport in Jengjal, West Garo Hills this evening to open the Meghalaya Games
Pala, who is also the President of the Shillong MP, said that the election of candidates in all 60 constituencies for the 2023 elections will be by people who do not have any documents. brie.
If you want an example of courage, there is nothing better than the life of Woh Kiang Nangbah.
Tickets for the match against Neroca FC have been on sale since today (7th November) and can be obtained from the Electronic Centre, Police Bazaar, Cafe Shillong, Laitumkhrah and SSA Ticket Counter.
The sports meet will end tomorrow with the participation of 18 parishes under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Jowai.
Tynring FT have won the title of the 4th Division Football League of the Shillong SSA after beating Pay For Right Football Academy 3-2 in the final. at the JN Stadium, Polo on Friday.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: Although the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex, also known as the MUDA Complex, has been a great blessing to the people of Ri-Bhoi especially in the Nongpoh area, it has become one of the markets in the center of Nongpoh. , but when you enter the building, besides the many shops that have been closed, the area and many of the neighborhoods of the building have turned into a drug den, garbage dump and toilet. isaitmet even to look at the terrible smell that comes from that place.
According to the Sordar, the police have informed that the vehicle was coming from Wahrit to carry medicine to Wahrit PHC. the car is not clean.
“If the jobs have to be done in this way in the first place, it will not be good for the youth of the State in the future especially those who want to pursue their higher education,” he said. .
NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma's victory will be good news for the party especially as he has taken over the leadership of the country while Congress candidate Dikkanchi Shira will be good news for her husband. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on his journey to lead the party in the state.
The Election Department has also used women flying squads for the first time and a polling station only for women.
Others who attended the function included WAM Booth, IAS, Director, Department of Sports and Youth Affairs (DSYA), Government of Meghalaya, Shivansh Awasthi, IAS, Under Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, B Syiem. PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director, DSYA and other officers from various departments of the state government.
And he granted them their request; but he sent a destruction into their souls.
The Rangbah Shnong of Sohpdok, Bah Rocky Nongkhlaw, said that the company has suspended its plan to set up a factory in the village for reasons he does not know. He said that the company has received authority from many departments such as KHADC, Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and Forest Department. the state government.
Police have registered a case against him.
“On the part of us, the Hima has already sent a letter to Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, IAS Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya Political Department on this issue. This will be resolved soon after the MP election and as the Hima we are waiting for that decision but if the government doesn't do anything we will have to go through others. the roads," said the Sirdar.
(JOHN 17:14)First of all, I would like to thank God for empowering me to write a little on this theme that the KJP Youth Assembly has set as the timely theme of this month. Youth in all churches within the KJP Assembly.
“We strongly oppose this government's plan because we don't want our land to be lost to the army,” said Bah Dohling. listen to everyone.
More than 100 people have lost their lives and 310 injured in the ethnic clashes in Manipur that began on 3rd July.
The leaders of India have shown their appreciation for these beautiful and rich countries of ours.
Why they have not been given accommodation in the quarantine centers and have to stay at home we don't know.
Speaking to reporters , u Bah Michael said that he had asked for permission to sit in the parking lot of the Addl.Secretariat but the district authorities did not give him permission as the Dorbar of MLAs was still in session. Student Square also said that he did not get permission so he chose the Main Secretariat.
Besides, there will also be a ceremony to honor the young men and women who have passed and excelled in various fields of study.
Regarding these tyndong lyer, he said, “On the 21st of this month, the purchase of these tyndong lyer will start. proper documentation".
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of John F. Nongsiang, President KSU, WKH together with the Rangbah Shnongs from Kynshi to Nongstoin on Tuesday visited the Senior Engineer of the company Vijay Kumar Singh and the union has given 40 days to the company to bring back the child along with the foreigner.
Up to 5467 villages have been identified as toiletless villages under the Swachh Bharat Mission (Gramin) Programme.
The Sub Divisional Officer of Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division has organized this march as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the people about the right to elect leaders. He also urged the youth and the people to come forward to register their names for the election of the people's leaders.
According to information received, the vehicle was used by three unidentified persons who parked the vehicle in the village forest. forest and left the car behind.
When the troops entered the area, they were shot dead by the militants and two militants were reportedly shot dead and five soldiers and a policeman were killed. no, says the military report.
According to information from the Assam Police, a Naka was stopped in front of Agia Police Station on the 5th of this month and a Suzuki Dezire was seized for search.
Those who pass both the posts will join only one post and the other post will become vacant.
Before the distribution of the rice, a short meeting was held by Waheh Shong Mewan Dkhar.
Officers, DCs and SPs have informed the Prime Minister of the affected areas.
Besides the land grabbing, Sordar Majai said that the Hima Sohra has also changed the names of Khasi villages to Dkhar names like Nayabasti and others.
Furthermore, ATSA has promised to assist Khasi students in Tamil Nadu if they encounter any problems.
In 2008, he retired from politics with the defeat of his sister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Even after the fire was extinguished, he said, the smoke was still rising from the scene until late in the evening, which caused panic among the residents and nearby shops.
Those who have worked with companies and who can speak English and Hindi will also be preferred.
The State Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has now decided to enter every household in the rural villages to administer the Covid-19 vaccine.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Wanllam Kupar Kharpran of Ryntih FC, said that the team has been able to sign a soskular with Max Sports Academy. Max Sports Academy has close ties with several clubs in Spain and Portugal.
On the other hand, more than 80 land owners under the banner of the JAC of Land Owners Shillong Western By Pass, Ri-Bhoi District have protested against the state government's plan to build the road. Shillong Western By Pass to pass through several villages in Ri-Bhoi District as well as villages in East Khasi Hills District.
Regarding this issue, this reporter also spoke to Bah Johnnes Sohshang Secretary of the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship, who is also the inchage of Garo Villages. The Sordar of the village has been elected according to the rules and regulations and it is because Bah Passtar Nongshillong has violated some of the rules of the Hima.
Deviani Singh alleged that her father, Suresh Singh, Director of Shillong Golf Club, has ties with the authorities.
Shillong: U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, will not take part in the Republic Day celebrations at Polo Ground, due to testing positive for covid
Pius Marweiñ, President of the UDP South West Khasi Hills District who is also the MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency welcomed the supporters of other parties. The Indian National Congress (INC), the People Democratic Front (PDF), the Bharat Janata Party (BJP), the National People's Party (NPP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) ) followed by short speeches by Shidalin Marngar INC, Siril Wahlang, PDF, Poland Sohphoh BJP, Phroly Lyngkhoi NPP, Edilbert Iawphniaw INC, Treling Marweiñ HSPDP. Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP Central Body, who is also the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, July 13: U Shri Nar Bahadur Rai, a journalist with the United News of India, passed away on the 12th of this month due to a long illness. He is survived by his wife and three daughters.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Witting said that he has identified himself as an MLA and needs to meet Dr. Mukul Sangma, but he said that these guards have not released him. said they had received no orders.
“They have also arrested the pigs and cattle of the people and our people are now in fear,” said Sariang.
The speakers at this service will be on Saturday 9th June 2022 at 7:00 Pm by Rev.SL Mawblei.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Charles praised the beauty of the Sonapyrdi area and urged the dewbilat factories in the district to take action to develop this area.
Shillong: The curfew in East Khasi Hills will continue for another 10 days, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya today.
Benin's Interior Minister said the fire that day was terrible and powerful.
Do we rejoice or celebrate that the day of the incarnation of the Son of God is to deliver us from the power of sin? Shall I sin any more? To judge yourself.
Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament for them, nor bewail them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD.
Experienced workers are preferred to work on offset machines.
He added that sometimes the Rangbah Shnongs may not understand the syrnot law so he said he will convene a dorbar of the Rangbah Shnongs.
This is the time for the people to remember to maintain the water wells, whether they are drinking water wells or cleaning water wells.
Replying to a supplementary question that the KHADC has accepted a resolution in the House to implement the ILP, he said that the resolution has already been sent to the Government. Meanwhile, Amit Shah in Shillong in recent months, said that the KHADC has not attended the meeting, but has submitted a petition.
“Initially, there were 19 students who came to Shillong Polytechnic and after 10 months, it has increased to 42 students...now it has been about 3 months.
The states participating in the tournament include Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
Other speakers who spoke on the occasion included Bah RR Makdoh Adviser of Ri-Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Pateng Marsing, Working President of CoRP, Bah Aristone M Ryndongsngi President of SSSS and others. The protesters demanded that the government should immediately release the results of the DSC which the students have been waiting for.
If you say that Diko is a Khasi, then let us remove the name 'Meghalaya' and give it Garoland.
“The symbols of the grateful ummat do not find the opportunity to fall with the brightest days that you have lost in the midst of your life.
We have not taken any decision to support anyone,” said Bah Hoping and said the party will see what it can do whether to contest or not in the upcoming MP elections.
Lutituber Ialong SC beat Panaliar SC 4-0 in the Above 18 Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
The UDP MDCs have rejected Bah Ardent and said that they no longer want him as their leader. Grace Mary Khrpuri has resigned from the HSPDP and has not joined any party. The differences within the ARPA have not ended yet. After the incident, the Deputy Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pynyin Sing Syiem, resigned. Paul Lyngdoh (UDP) and Bah Adelbert.
According to the Mawphlang MLA, the government has set a target to provide water to 10 villages under the New Shillong Township Water Supply Project. Mawcas, Madan, Mawpdang, Sijeong, and Tynring.
The song is produced by Emdor Suchiang and composed by Elvest Thabah.
The rights and privileges of the citizens, such as the right to earn a living, to receive all assistance from the Central and State Governments and so on, never come up for public discussion.
However, due to climate change, the environment and the increasing soil temperature, the cultivation increases.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, today announced that Patharkhmah and Nongsder Block-I have been placed under the Containment Zone. Umlyngkdait village, which has been placed under the Micro-containment Zone.
The Durbar Kur was enriched by dances and songs from different Kur Units such as Iooksi Unit, Mowkaiaw Unit, Jowai Riwar Unit, Shangpung Unit, Barato Unit and Narwan Unit.
Shillong, July 13: The Joint Secretary, Election Department and Joint Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya, today informed that a team of four members of the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Elections), West Garo Hills. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that it will represent Meghalaya at the Voters Fest organized by the Election Commission of India (ECI) in New Delhi on the 12th of this month. month until the 17th of this month.
These youths received certificates from all three centers and were also given training in English, Leadership Management, Personal Development, Skills Development and others.
Shillong:There are reports that citizens/employees have fallen victim to fraudsters through computer/mobile apps promising to get money easily without any documents. share.
Oscar said the policeman, who did not want to be named, was shot in the right side of his chest, but the presence of a Bible in his chest pocket saved him. from the death, in which the bullet, went straight into the Bible and ran away.
"When the work is finished, they will have a drink at Iewmawlong and will go their own way.
This is the 76th death anniversary of Saitsohpen, a poet from Sohra.
In conclusion, I would like to extend my last congratulations to this man, who has led the Nongshken Constituency and his name will always be remembered by me.
Jeremy Khongjee, Banatimon Mawlong, Mangkara Khongthohrem, Brandon Sunn, Phidalin Kharsyntiew, Mewanpynbhalang Tham and others.
We strongly urge the DC's office to take action on this issue for the benefit of Myntriang.
Shillong, Nailur 09: U Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that the opposition's no confidence motion against him as Speaker of the House is not true as they alleged that the government has failed. or you have succeeded.
Francis has expressed his deep sorrow to all the people of Rangblang, the religious leaders who left the village and all those who have lived and worked in other places but were born and raised in the village. i bah Francis.
“Let us ask ourselves how foreigners love our language when even the indigenous people don't take care of it.
The Mason Skill Development Training will be paid T.400 per day for the trainees and T.800 per day for two days.
On the same day, a cake was cut to celebrate the 40th Anniversary of the Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors Organization.
What we Khasi do is right and wrong, what others do is perfect.
The newspaper reported that the daughter said that Bah Nongbet was still alive when she touched his body lying lyngkrang in the room of the house while she was cleaning the room.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA from Songsak, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Legislative Assembly should have passed a resolution from the government to urge the Indian government to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah, during their visit to the state, month of June this year.
To end corruption and seizure of power by a few selfish individuals and officials.
We have two options to choose from and Williamnagar is one of them.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 1: As it is now, many farmers have smiling faces, because it is time to harvest the soh which they have planted and worked hard all year round.
Congress MP candidates from Shillong and Tura seats are expected to win.
The main objective of the BJP party since its inception is to bring about Hinduism in Hindustan.
The Dorbar Shnong has also informed that on this day, there will be no closure of roads and footpaths and vehicles, where pedestrians and drivers can pass through. but they are requested not to drive their vehicles too fast.
Among the other teams in the new rankings, New Zealand are now fourth with 104 goals scored, followed by England who witnessed the a reduction of up to 10 percent in the price increase of 5 to 101 percent; Afghanistan have now moved up several places to eighth position, surpassing Sri Lanka at ninth position followed by West Indies at 10th position. , South Africa in sixth place and Bangladesh in seventh place.
The victory of VPP candidate Brightstar Marbaniang with 15648 votes became the highest victory of all the 59 candidates contesting the election.
Although Nitish did not blame the Governor for the delay in calling him to form the government and for allowing Jitan Ram Manjhi to free up other MLAs in order to get a majority. He said he can no longer wait and see that Bihar is facing problems.
The issues were presented through speeches, dramas and occasionally in beautiful songs although most of them were in the sounds of the people in the villages and townships.
A special campaign – Sujlam, has been implemented to treat sewage and to construct and operate more than 22 lakh soak pits or sewage treatment plants (in villages and households) across the country rural India.
Heaven is a holy place full of glory and holiness, sin cannot enter there, if the gates are closed, evil is closed, sin cannot enter there.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The BJP has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat on the 18th of this month requesting the government to appoint the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat. In a statement issued by Reston Myrthong, President and SS Lyngdoh, General Secretary, the union said that the road in Warsan area needs to be constructed. Lyngdoh with 18 villages and Phlangmawprah and Nongmluh with 6 villages without roads.
Through this statement, the union strongly warns all government offices and banks to respect all the special days of the Jaitbynriew and it is not their part to close until they come to fight with the members of the union. and if they continue to open their offices on National holidays the union will act decisively.
Besides, many of the areas where farmers are more likely to grow sohphlang such as Pariong, Nongshilong, Markasa, Laitkseh, Marngor and others have become more interested in growing sohphlang. It is an easy to harvest crop and the yield is higher, besides the market is good especially in the early months of harvesting.
Nongstoiñ, June 25: The 1st Inter School Basketball Tournament will be held on the second day of the month.
On the other hand, the Hyc Padu Unit under the leadership of Dikermi Mukhim as President expresses its gratitude to the MLA of our constituency Lahkmen Rymbui who has taken the initiative to provide us with the transformer at the right time.
Speaking to the District Reporter, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, he expressed his concern over the danger faced by the youth from the spread of drugs. drugs which have destroyed many youths of the district and the state.
Shillong Lajong opened the scoring in the 14th minute through Sangti Janai Shianglong.
How did Aurangzeb act differently from others? The Mughals survived in Maharashtra,” said a letter sent by MP and Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut.
Speaking on the tenure of Dr FA Khonglam as Chief Minister, Rymmai said that under the authority of Dr Khonglam, the post of Chief Minister was not very difficult, because of the documents. and when necessary, he shall sign them on the road, and in his dwelling place.
Regarding the remarks of Bah Process T Sawkmie against him as reported in the news, Bah Adelbert said, “I don't want to be a person who is good at dissolving the EC, but I want to be a person who is good at working”. .
“No one is enough.
“This time shouldn’t be like that anymore.
Speaking on this occasion, he said that Nehru has applied for the Congress ticket in the same way as he has done for the UDP. “They want to know what my plan is, I also sent a letter to inform them that I intend to contest the election, I told them if it is possible, give me a ticket too,” he said.
You have seen these things with your own eyes.
“The review of the work of the MDA government led by the NPP in the last two years has brought about many development projects whether it is in agriculture, in the implementation of the scheme. MGNREGA , in relation to the prevention of Covid19, in relation to the development of sport policy, whether it is in the Youth policy approved at the Cabinet meeting, this is the only one. The government has tried to work for the transformation of Meghalaya,” he said.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MSA) has alleged that the Vice Chancellor of the University of North Eastern Hills, Prof. P Shukla has misled the students, as the Academic Council has not yet taken a decision. to implement the New Education Policy
Individual awards, trophies and certificates were also awarded to the winners. Gracefully Lyngdoh and Melkhisedek Dkhar won the Best in Education category. Daiakmenlang Wahlang and Calbestar Syiemlieh won the Best In Drill and Mercylinda Lyngdoh won the Best All Rounder.
Police said Mulakkal insisted that he did not rape the nun, but his statements did not agree and police arrested him under Section 164 of the CrPC. In July, the nun had lodged a complaint that Mulakkal had raped her 13 times at the mission house in Kottayam district since June 5,
“We started planting these plants and found that they were growing.
He said that the decision to wear the iong ribbon all day long when going to school will be part of the protest before FASToM will hold a large mass protest in Shillong.
“As usual every year, the number of dancers has increased and this year despite the heavy rain, cold and strong wind and bad weather, this has not discouraged us. to the dancers and spectators,” said Rgh BS Rumnong.
West Bengal State Minister Siddiqullah Chowdhury, who is also the leader of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind, has vowed not to allow Amit Shah to land in Kolkata.
Anthony Pohshna and John Lyngdoh, President and General Secretary of the Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association, urged the law enforcement authorities to take action against such incidents so that such incidents will not happen again.
The BJP spokesperson's remarks on the Prophet of Muslims have angered many Muslim countries and now it is the turn of the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan, to attack India. .
This Christian thinker spoke about the truth regarding the Khadar system and other problems facing the country of this general.
He said that the goal is to complete the construction on time so that the Dorbar can be held in the new Ïing.
Shillong: The Khasi District Council, on 4th November 2019, has issued an order prohibiting the change of jait, kur without the approval of the Khasi District Council.
Shillong: As part of getting the full support of the MLAs of Meghalaya, the candidate for the post of Droupadi Murmu, President of the Republic of Meghalaya, today held a meeting with the MLAs of the state at Orchid Lake Resort, Ribhoi District.
Dr Arwin Khonglah in his speech, said, “The work of the ASHAs, as we have seen, to send them from time to time, we have felt ashamed to send them to work, especially in During the lockdown we can't because we don't have anyone else, because as we know since the beginning of the lockdown we have all stayed inside the house because we are afraid of each other.
He said that the author of this book has tried his best to give to the people and urged them to read this book so that they can get light and think about this issue and be able to see The future of the nation is based on the Tang Jait.
It was a great day for the players of Meghalaya who received the support of their relatives and friends, along with the senior players and others who came to support.
According to police, other members of the party who were with the arrested person escaped.
Jowai, June 03: The 1st Window Inter Club Transfer will start from 1st June 2023 to all affiliated clubs. and will run until June 15, 2023.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that from East Khasi Hills District, there are 7 cases of Covid-19 out of which 4 cases are BSF personnel and 3 cases are BSF personnel. Two of them came from outside the state, two from Assam and one from Bihar.
The State won a gold medal at the National School Games (NSG) after the U-19 football team won the title.
This is the 16th consecutive day of price increases, since 4th January.
In another statement, sent by Bah BM Lanong Senior Working President of the UDP, it was said that the meeting of the UDP Youth in Shillong on Saturday, 30th November, The time has come to remove the Congress Government of Mukul Sangma in the 2018 elections and allow the UDP-HSPDP-GNC to take over the Meghalaya Government.
Shillong: There have been 13 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
When asked about those arrested, the DGP said that some of them are still in jail, some have been released on bail and some have been released, who are trying to resume their work. The police department is also on high alert.
Sannio C Morning.
The Chief Justice of India, SA Bobde, has ordered the court to hear all the PILs from Assam and Tripura as they are different from other PILs against the CAA. from other states of India.
When asked, she said, “We don't need to turn this incident into a racial issue.
The meeting was to get clarification on the pending claims.
Madon will contest against two candidates, one from the UDP and the other from the HSPDP. The MDC and District Council Affairs Minister said that this time the Congress party has a strong hope of getting a majority in the House and will come to power.
Bipin scored 6/32, Abhishek 3/14 and Aryan 1/4
He is a child of a poor family who lives only by quarrying to support his family and has had to drop out of his studies for many reasons. problems in the family.
These four zones include Nongpoh, Umsning, Bhoirymbong and Mawhati.
The Minister said that there cannot be many housing laws in one state, the District Councils will implement the housing laws that the state government will pass. 2011 and will be allowed to build houses in the state, up to nine floors.
There are political parties who are strongly opposed to the amendment of the reservation policy but they are the ones who do not push for the development of Garo Hills.
The Chief Minister of Assam, said that the entry of four distinguished and intelligent leaders will bring about a change, a new beginning for the BJP in Meghalaya. The BJP has won only two MLAs from 60 constituencies in the 2018 elections.
In this regard, a committee of four members was set up and Bah Lanong was elected as the Chairman to oversee the matter.
It is expected that the school buses will start running as soon as the schools reopen and parents are encouraged to allow their children to use these buses as soon as the safety measures are provided. that boss by the State Government, he said.
“As a sign of unity,” he said, “holy masses will be held in all the churches of our State for the repose of the souls of all those who have died and for the speedy recovery of all those who were injured.
How many crores will be spent in the name of “development” without real works, or will the flyover be built for the people of Pynursla?
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah urged the casual workers to work temporarily with MeECL so that as soon as the fund is sufficient, they can be confirmed.
On 23rd October 2023 (in the Budget Session) Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports in the State, admitted that the work for phase I has completed of 100 (80%) by October
It is learned that the taxi drivers have stopped operating after the traffic police warned them on Saturday that they are no longer allowed to operate in Shillong or that they said, “You don't want to see anymore. yellow times".
However, although no information has been received on this, Dr Kharshiing said the Union hopes that the central government can send the VAB before the end of this year to the Governor. state not to give approval.
This is also one of the reasons why the NPP party has not been approved in the Khasi Hills because it has been concerned about the lack of transparency in the working methods of the government at that time because the CM at that time was not appointed. Mukul Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the meeting was upsetting because the Director of NEIGRIMHS started the meeting by accusing them of coming only to disturb.
The greatest will appear only after the construction of the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Rilang People's Development Council (RPDC) will hold a rice cultivation training on the 25th of this month at the AEC Mawthawpdah office.
The JNNURM will last for only nine years from the beginning of 2005-06 unless otherwise amended.
After more than 30 years of advocating for the implementation of this Act, we are pleased that more and more families have been able to participate in the implementation of this Act.
In this regard, the Minister said that the state government is still seeking financial assistance of T.116.4 crore from the Ministry of Home Affairs to relieve the damage while T.46 crore has been allocated from the State Disaster Relief Fund (SDRF). ) incurred for exposure from this natural disaster.
Mansturdy said that there is another T.3 crore allocated for the MDCs from the Performance Grant and this money has been since the tenure of CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit. “However, we have found that the implementation is not through the Executive Committee but through the Executive Committee,” he said. There are MDCs who get more, some get less, some don't get anything like me, I myself Nil, if others MDCs can distribute schemes to the people and if others don't, how will we feel?” said Bah Mansturdy Chairman KHADC. “I don't know if it's going to be the same for everyone, but you think it's too much,” said Bah Man.
“We are sending a clear message to the people, if anyone takes advantage, just for benefit, please inform the HYC, and it will take the necessary action,” said the general secretary of the HYC. Shillong, June 6: Bun ki There have been talks in these days that the MLA elections may be held in November or November this year.
Police said that the woman was abducted by men in a Maruti Gypsy to a forest in Lumkytiar and they tried to rape her but she escaped from their hands.
He said that the responsibility of paying the loan will be with the new government after the MLA elections in
Fire trucks immediately arrived at the scene.
The JAC said that the old Executive Committee took action after a strong demand from the children of the Hima Sohiong who turned to the KHADC under the leadership of the Hima. The JAC has suspended Bashemphang Thabah and appointed Bah AE Gatphoh to investigate the demand of the JAC. “Therefore, we demand that you please expedite this matter and immediately remove Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdohship Hima Sohiong who is currently in office. You are suspended.
For the people had not cleansed the woman, but Jesus had been cleansed.
The BJP government led by UN Biren Singh has won the elections in the Manipur Assembly today.
The Wall Street Journal last month reported that China had nuclear weapons from Cuba but on Monday, China denied that it had set up any nuclear weapons in Cuba as reported. shall be blessed at this time.
NPP spokesperson Marcuise N Marak said the presidential election, which was scheduled to be held on October 3, 2021, will not be held as scheduled earlier.
As it has been said earlier that in the settlement of the border which has been pending for 50 years, there will always be a give and take. 90% of the villages have returned to Meghalaya and the remaining will be resolved in the second phase.
On the opening day, the President of the country, Ram Nath Govind, addressed the meeting of the members of both the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha.
Bantiplang Khongnoh was named Player of the Match.
In this sudden raid, the drinkers who were still drinking in the illegal shops were shocked.
“Regarding the allegations from the complainants regarding the submission of forged documents and certificates by some candidates who have qualified for the post of Assistant Teacher in Government Schools LP under Dadenggre Sub-Division. recently completed with a resolution announced on 10th July, 2024, as well as regarding a report in an English newspaper on 13th June, 2024 on the complaint against Teacher Dadenggre on the documents “We have informed all the relevant authorities and as part of verifying the complaints, a three-tier committee has been set up to investigate these allegations,” said the Director of School Education & Literacy (DSEL), Swapnil Tembe in a statement.
“On the other hand, the candidate, speaking at a meeting attended by many people from the area, said that if the people have allowed other leaders in the past years, it would have been the They have decided to elect him as an MLA for the current term.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 20: Following complaints and complaints from the people, four political parties including the MYF, WKSU, UHM and WYF through their top leaders, on Saturday visited the from Mawduh village of Sangriang area to Weinia valley of Nongkhnum district.
Larihun Songthiang (20th and 51st minutes) scored two goals for the team, Nazareen Nongdhar (5th minute) while Tyrsad Higher Sec scored 10 goals. School was closed in 54 minutes.
“In Khadar rule, the BJP government has been misusing the powers of the Central Agencies against the opposition leaders across the country,” she said.
Remember we live in a democratic country.
New Delhi, June 02 : The Union Minister of Minority Affairs, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Saturday said that many youths from minority communities have been elected to high positions and have succeeded in examinations due to the Backup to Brilliance policy of the department.
The employment share within the district should be 80% for district residents and 20% for outside the district and other groups in the state.
Police have arrested four persons including Sanjay Sangma, coal owner, Kesual D Sangma, coal owner, Rokunath Boro (40) and Arpul Sobha. The driver of the truck ML-07B-1226 escaped.
Shillong, November 16: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVHA) today announced the progress of its visit to Delhi for the approval of the two Village Authorities. The Rangbah Shnongs said that on 2nd November they left for Delhi at their own expense.
When asked how many mobile phones were stolen, he said there were more than 50 mobile phones stolen.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said, “After the election, the Prime Minister and I will look into these issues that remain from the Government of India.
What is more surprising is that the muster roll employees who have been dismissed since 2015 but have been shown to have been paid their salaries when the department has said that it does not have the money and other benefits. Rangad said they will lodge a complaint with the State Vigilance Commissioner to demand an inquiry into the corruption. this is the corruption in this department.
Jesus said that it is different if man does not praise the Lord but nature including the stones, the trees and all the creatures praise the Lord.
Shillong, Naitung 17: A Malaysian plane has crashed in the air after being shot down by missiles on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
He also said that he now owns his own restaurant called Punda Tibetan Restaurant in New York.
The BJP government on Tuesday decided to reduce the price of 14 kilo LPG cylinders to 200 tyngka each.
We must ensure that the GHADC will also get its share if the KHADC and JHADC get their share as approved by the First President of India, Rajendra Prasad on 3rd May. 1952 which will also commemorate the incorporation of all of us (25 Khasi States and the Khasi and Jaintia District) into the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council in
That come shimti that police.
Bupul Sarkar, 45, who was driving the vehicle, and John Islam, 20, who was following, were seriously injured and are now in hospital.
When looking for employees, many of them ask for a reasonable wage, while the working hours and the working methods do not match, so many employers face difficulties.
In the third match, Myrjai beat Chyrmang Wah 1-0, with Lamphrang Kyndait scoring the first goal for Myrjai in the 7th minute.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the search for Sengjon is ongoing.
In the past, the government used to appoint an inspector to inspect all the schools and to see whether the teachers were qualified to teach and whether the children understood the teaching.
ter ter, until the State Government had to close down all the places of worship.
You're talking well.
All those who are entitled should exercise their rights,” he said.
However, after inquiring from reporters, he directed the staff to submit the notice distributed to the DCA, Ministry of Home Affairs and the DCs. “Ignorance of the law is not a matter of forgiveness and the decision of the Kashari High Court is the law,” he said.
Perhaps in his time, Rev. John Roberts saw the prevalence of wickedness, darkness and superstition (not religion) and wrote in this verse.
“We don't change the customs and traditions, if they say that we should take jait from our father, it is enough for them to come and explain what their custom is,” he added.
As people who know God, we should honor our parents.
In addition, the report said that the chief executive officer of the federation, Najam Sethi, has already met with officials of the Asian Cricket Council in Dubai and expressed his disapproval. He said that the ACC has decided to take the ACC to Sri Lanka instead of the UAE. to accept Pakistan's renewal of its Hybrid Model Proposal Schedule for the tournament and if all and many of the members want to hold the tournament elsewhere, it should be held in the UAE as in the past. to host the tournament in 2018 and
When asked how the child came to them, Dapbianglin said, “When my mother was sick, I went to the hospital but my husband later refused. I don't want to go to the hospital because I'm sick so my mother ordered me to go to the village to buy clothes so when we went to the village my father told me to take my son with me. I don't want to come home anymore and it was at that time that we were able to take our son”.
Before Mukul arrived at the market, it was seen that the surroundings of the market were surrounded by police dressed in stem jackets. and dozens of Gypsies were also seen standing in Motphran.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr.DD Lapang, first of all, expressed his happiness to see the progress of this school, at the same time he said that on his part as a leader he will fight for the future. to assist in the development of the school.
According to Bah Ardent, the government had to suspend by convening a special session after the Governor refused to obey the government.
All the burdens of Marchborn's mother's thoughts were now gone.
Christian missionaries are a threat to the unity of the country, said Bharat Singh, BJP MP and alleged that the Congress party is working under the direction of these missionaries.
On the other hand, Bah Jansing Tynsong, MDC, said that the school has been upgraded to UP through the efforts of the teachers who taught at the beginning of the school. They didn't receive a salary, but they received a reward.
Speaking at the meeting, NPP General Secretary Apsharailang Syiem said that Umyiap area has suffered two floods this year alone. However, the government through the hard work of the MLA has been able to provide assistance only in a short period of time and it will be the same for this. event that is happening now.
According to the Sohra MLA, the government had promised earlier to operate the factory in November 2014 but it has been almost 10 years since the promise was made.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PS Lyngdoh in the presence of Tymmen Basan Powel Sohkhlet as the chief guest. also with special prayers to bless the officers.
When asked how much the fees for the meeting, Pastor Phawa replied that there is no discussion on the price, fees and there is no discussion on giving anything. however, the discussion ends up clearing the field.
Applications for schools and colleges have been sent.
“The inability of the police department to fulfill its duty is a matter of concern to each and every one of us,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The people shall elect the one whom they choose, and if he who has the most of them chooses the one whom they choose, he shall surely win.
The 33 kV Sohiong Krang line will be charged until the 6th of this month.
Bah Marngar said that the Disability Center at the district level will serve as a means of assistance for those with disabilities to access the necessary resources and support.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their anger by alleging that in the beginning the contractor came to throw mawria and started cleaning the colour.
“The party will get many benefits through this skills and knowledge of hers which will help us to provide the best service to the people of Meghalaya,” he said. .
However, due to the outbreak of the coronavirus in previous years, it has been suspended in 2020 and
They demanded that the government should not insult the chiefs and demanded that the government should completely stop the criticism of the chiefs.
The length of the valley is twice and the name of the ancestors is also because if you listen at night from the other side of the hills towards Mawrok if the water is very high, the sound is exactly like lynthem da “These are big devices that make noise,” said Bah P.Nongsiej, one of the elders of Mawiangbah.
Wallam Lyngdoh Kynshi (25) and Purajit Mandal (43) scored 72 runs for Meghalaya but were bowled out in four overs.
You want to be happy or say the right thing.
These are the ones who will be greater in the kingdom of God.
In addition, it has also worked to promote the use of technology in operations through the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC).
Shillong: On 30th November 2021, the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board held a meeting with all the employees under the umbrella of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association ( Shillong Municipal Employees Association ). They also unanimously decided to start the strike from the 1st November 2021 which will start with a strike and in the coming days they will start the strike.
The President of the Shillong Bar Association, HR Nath, has expressed his deep shock and sorrow over this unexpected incident.
The police have expelled them from the state.
He called for cooperation so that the Cinema Hall in Jowai can be revived and the film industry can be revived in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that a decision was taken to amend the SOPs for those who enter and leave the state. every day to do business or to establish a business in the state.
“I also said in the Assembly that South West Khasi Hills District is one of the districts that produces sportsmen and therefore it has the right to have a fully equipped Sports Complex to help the sportsmen. “, said Bah Renikton and promised that he will not only speak in words but he will follow up so that all the plans will succeed.
The following are mentioned among other writers who were also written by: i) the Apostles such as Paul who was educated under Gamaliel the Doctor of the Jews (Acts 22:3).
The Tre dance from Madan Nangkylla, the Laho dance from Raid Labang and others.
Ardent's resignation as CEM was revealed today during a meeting with four HSPDP MDCs including Grace Mary Kharpuri. PK Pangniang, Morningstar Mawsor and LG Nongsiej.
On the other hand, the Archbishop congratulated the Minister of Children for his visit to the state and invited him to visit from time to time especially during these festive seasons.
He said that the PHC is still short of staff, lab technicians, pharmacists, medical equipment and others and the PHC which has been serving the public for decades now has only two beds. to serve thousands of people.
From the 11th Umsning Constituency, the candidates include Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong of the NPP;
On the other hand, the Director of Health Services, Dr A. War said that the number of people who have been in close contact with these soldiers who have been infected with Covid-19 is continuing.
West Jaintia Police, accompanied by 50 policemen, including Battalion and SF 10, led by Bah Donkupar Moksha, arrived at the scene. The Assam police have left the scene.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the HNYF will strongly oppose the casino. This is the case in Ri Bhoi District.
About 50.60 members of the JAC will take part in the rally tomorrow.
After the goal, Laitkor started to respond with a strong cross from Nisilia Majaw but it took time for the team to score until the end of the first half before Iaraplang Nongrum scored the first goal. She was able to show her bicycle kick skills to equalize the match in the 35+2 minutes.
Because it's the same decision.
Elections in Assam will be held next year and a political party, the Anchalik Gana Morcha, has emerged. The party will be led by journalist and Rajya Sabha MP Ajit Kumar Bhuyan, former BJP leader Prodyut Bora and former BJP leader Prodyut Bora. then the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
Of course, we should not reject change but the foundations that have been established should not be destroyed, especially in the marriage.
Those who joined the UDP were supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Indian National Congress (INC). They laid the foundation stone to become full supporters of the UDP in Ranikor Constituency.
This means that the leader or those who wish to become leaders must provide money or equipment to each public hospital or hospital to purchase medicines or other necessities.
The Quarter Final will be between Emergency United vs Shken Pyrsit on 9th June 2021, Amdoh vs R Mukhim on 13th June 2021 and Winner against the Nongtyngur, on the 17th of June
Kishan Lyngdoh led the Friends Utd XI to the victory with his good ball.
He said that Bah Pynshngain does not want to treat his own MDCs who want to shake his seat from the beginning but he treats his own MDCs who have no power.
Ma Alan said that there is still some garbage left to be collected from Iaw Thymme, but the council has confirmed to remove the garbage tomorrow.
CEM of KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew, has joined the PDF at a meeting held on Saturday at Mylliem Square.
At this meeting, the government also awarded prizes to the villages which have worked hard to preserve the traditional handicrafts.
The Vice President of the HSPDP, Bah Witting Mawsor, has criticized Dr. Don's statement by saying that it is just a political statement in the air but it cannot be so.
In a statement, the Chief Convener of the party, Golap Baruah, Anup Chetia, said that the announcement by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to pass the bill has put the party at risk. great to the indigenous people of the North East who will become minorities in their own country.
Bayern Munich then beat Benfica 5-1 to take 13 points in Group E. Robben scored the goals for Bayern. Robert Lewandowski in the 13th and 30th minutes, followed by Robert Lewandowski in the 36th and 51st minutes, Frank Ribery in the 76th minute, while Gedson Fernandes scored for Benfica in the 46th minute.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “Those leaders who criticize the decision-making of the government are playing politics.
In the Under-15 Girls (Single), Aureliana Passah of North Liberty HSS beat Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh of the same school 21-9, 21-1
In the final match, H Elias HSS beat North Liberty HSS 4-3 by a tie-breaker. the U-17 boys.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has decided to protest against the toll gates or toll plazas along the highway including those at Dieng-Pasoh, Ialong and Yangon. rum Lum shnong on the allegation that they have taken arshah taxes.
Regarding the proposal to build railway lines, Sangma said the Government has not yet received the No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the KHADC.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The implementation of the MLA scheme differs from one MLA to another and this is because the government scheme has been distributed to the people of the 20th constituency.
Bah Lakador urged the owners of the cows and anyone who has information about the theft of the cows to come to the police station for further investigation.
There are three such companies, one is M/S IFA Enterprise in Cleve Colony, one is M/S BPO Zurich in Lower New Colony and one is M/S Dasanbha Enterprise in Cleve Colony. in Jaiaw.
You foolish Christians, take this to mean that you must obey the rulers as you obey God.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Moodymmai President D Syngkon said that these men were arrested at 3 pm this afternoon.
He added that the existence of the bank will help the contractors of the area to implement the schemes through the JJM as well as the people.
Others include GHADC Secretary Hewingson A Sangma and two contractors Sanjay A Sangma and Dolrich D Sangma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the party, Bah Donboklang Dkhar, said that the party has informed the government to respond to this issue. He met with the Hima chiefs to strengthen the demand for a Khasi State.
Besides, the union has expressed its deep sorrow regarding the stinginess of the Shillong Civil Hospital to treat this man because until 2:30 pm, the doctors of the Civil Hospital have not come to treat him. I don't know what to do with Bah Khielangstar.
“We have prepared complaints on four issues and we will send them to the central government for action,” said Paul Lyngdoh Working President of the UDP.
Condemning the increase, Mahendraganj MLA Dikkanchi D Shira tweeted, “This Government has not been able to do anything about the problems faced by the people from time to time.
At the same time, the Minister said that the state government will also celebrate Meghalaya Day on the 21st in a peaceful manner.
Others who attended the meeting were several Principals from other colleges and schools as well as teachers from various schools across Meghalaya.
Earlier, a meeting was held at the Auditorium of the College in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner, DD Syngngai, MDC O. Lamin, Executive Director of MSSDS, Shivansh Awasthi, Principal of the College. Dr.E.M.Blah and others who were invited.
More than 2 lakh women have received assistance in the field of health care.
On Saturdays and Sundays, there is no doctor in Mawkyrwat.
The law or rule exists and it will be difficult to violate it, but ways and means can be developed to make it easier for the quarrymen and shyiap quarrymen.
Bah Ian said that Banpynshngain has recently become one of the fastest swimmers in the state after winning the title of fastest swimmer in the He recently went to Sikkim to take part in the competition.
Shillong, July 03: Religious militants in Chhattisgarh on Tuesday attacked and damaged a Catholic Church in Edka village of Narayanpur district, Chattisgarh. The church was damaged by the statues of Mary, the statue of Jesus, the Grotto of the church and the residence of the Fathers.
After 7 pm on the 8th of June, vehicles weighing less than 15 tonnes will be allowed to pass through the road leading to the river.
The party president, Galvin Miguel Mylliemngap, MLA from Sohra, said that they have not yet been able to explain how many candidates will contest the upcoming elections, but the committees have decided. expressed their willingness to participate in
Furthermore, it was learned from the police that while the robbers were doing this in the office, no one was seen due to the lack of employees in the office and even the guard of the office. He was not present, but it was found that only the children of the guard of the office did not know about the lock and saw it later when they tried to open the door. this is the gate.
JOWAI: The grand final of the Dance Dance Competition will be held tomorrow, July 15 at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai at 3 pm.
This person was admitted to the hospital on 18.06.2022 and died on 28.06.2022 at 6 pm.
Mairang will witness the contest between the HSPDP Councilor Wahlang, the incumbent MLA Metbah Lyngdoh and Lawrence Basaiawmoit.
Shillong, Nailar 5: East Khasi Hills Police today arrested the son of an exporter Pobitro Das in connection with an incident at Majai village, Shella area.
According to the three issues raised in this border dispute, Langpih will fall under Meghalaya, if we take into account the Hima Khasi.
Speaking on the Budget, the Leader of the Opposition said that there are many development projects implemented by the Council from markets to tourist attractions in order to generate revenue for the Council. .
Regarding the injured in Mawthabah and Mawsynram, Rajua Karim, 31, was taken to NEGRIHMS Hospital.
Nongpoh: U Bah Jason S Mawlong, MLA Umsning, on Saturday launched an ambulance, which will serve five villages in the Umsning Constituency.
However, this work has been stalled so far as the central government has not yet amended the 6th Scheduled which needs to be brought before the Parliament.
Let's see if the NPP will win more than the Congress.
Among the top scorers were Dipankar Barua (75 runs from 79 balls) and Gagandeep Singh (14 runs from 35 balls) but this was not enough to save the team from the defeat.
The opening ceremony was inaugurated by AA Andrew Shullai, MDC, JHADC as the chief guest in the presence of Hamewan Laloo, Waheh Shnong, Lammat-O Laloo, General Secretary, Echwa Laloo, Secretary Bamphalar and others. old man.
“We want to put the VAB for public hearing for 10 months and the public can send their comments before July 30,” said Teilinia Thangkhiew, Deputy CEM, The committee is also the head of the committee, where the public can give their opinions in writing or by meeting face to face with the Deputy CEM. I went to my room and discussed various rules of the VAB,” said Thangkhiew.
Assistant Social Secretary of Iardalin Dkhar, Mayalyne Malangniang,
Speaking to reporters, Ma Arminius Lypon President of the Union said that the Union has decided to strongly oppose this order of the State Government as it will affect the income of the poor families.
He also recalled the government's reply in the last dorbar that the monthly expenditure of MeEcl is Rs 135 crore while the revenue is only Rs 71 crore.
However, there is no doubt that these same words are somehow sad and selfish.
Similarly, spin bowler Ashwin continues to top the Test rankings, while Ravindra Jadeja remains ninth all-time.
They said that they have sent many letters to the government, but the government has pretended not to listen to their demands and because the government has not Listen, they have no choice but to hold this protest.
These leaves are the ones that have the ability to cause swelling.
The last speech by Samla Shanbor Khongjah, one of the leading office bearers of the Sengkhasi Sengriaj, he expressed his regret over the decline in the price of the Khasi dress in this age where we as the As a nation, we despise and despise our own but we are proud to cover up that of others.
The basketball tournament was concluded with the presence of Bah Najim Kharmalki, Rangbah Shnong of Patharkhmah, as the chief guest, Bah Ripolas Nongtri and other elders of the area.
Therefore, the KSU said that due to this shyiap mining, it has also caused the collapse and flooding of the areas near the river.
They also informed that the tit starts to appear in June, July and some tits appear until April. state.
Special houses have been built to accommodate the students on the ground floor of Pdengshakap Secondary School, Amlarem Sub Division.
Shillong: The Airports Authority of India (AIR) Shillong on Friday announced that Indigo Airlines will temporarily suspend all operations at Shillong Airport. from 23 June to 30 of the same month.
Remember that the good deeds you have done day and night for the nation will become a monument to your name from generation to generation.
Ms Lymba said that those who come for eye check-ups on that day do not have to pay money and for eyeglasses and medicines there is a discount or half price.
According to police, the bike was stolen on July 25, 2014 at 4.30 pm.
When asked why, the officer in charge of scholarships in Meghalaya said that it is not in his hands, but in the government to open the gate.
The suspended Chief Superintendent of Police, Bah GK Iangrai, who was released on bail from the District Jail on the night of 30th October, has been admitted to a hospital in Shillong. some difficulties.
If the NOC issued to the owners of the land in Mawlangria affects the community, society and health, the office is ready to cancel the NOC issued to the owners of the land in Mawlangria. the ground in Mawlangria.
Of Meghalaya, Mr. J. Marboud Kyndiah, Ex-MDC, and Mr. Yohiai Kyndiah.
This is even more frightening, this is a tragic incident that has happened in Manipur and as NESO we feel that the Government of India has failed to resolve the issue in Manipur,” he added.
Educational Qualification:- At least B.E/B.Tech or equivalent degree in Civil Engineering course from recognized College/ University/ IIT or other recognized Technical Institute offering Degree course in Civil Engineering.
It is not clear what the Modi Government means by keeping those foreigners in the villages for three years.
At the time of writing, the Prime Minister and the security forces are still stuck inside the building as the situation is still deteriorating outside.
He also encouraged the SHGs to work harder and have a spirit of perseverance.
The way Amit Shah has treated the ILP issue to our leaders, it seems that he is just spreading the ILP as he pleases.
Two people were killed and three others injured in the incident in Chumoukedima.
Police said Surender Sindhu, the leader of the drug trafficking gang, was at Nalhar Chowk at the time of the raid.
The MLA elections, which come once every three years, are not a festival of food and drink without the parties and candidates taking advantage and stealing when they win the election.
The sound system will be installed by Bah Bari Khonglah.
Shillong, July 17: The President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani today confirmed to the residents of Langrin Constituency that he will contest the MDC election from Langrin Constituency to be held on 24th June,
This action of the government violates its own decision not to benefit those Khasi who have been illegally counted while living and building illegally shops in Damsait and have been forcibly evicted by the government.
He said that the people have not only condemned him but have immediately rejected him and that is why he is no longer willing to contest the current MDC election by allowing others to be allowed.
This concert is the first time that the school has been able to hold it.
He said that from the trained people, their team has been able to train many other farmers if they want to raise bees.
The meeting with the director was after receiving complaints from many churches that there is a lack of jobs for post drivers and especially that there is a suspicion that many of these jobs are not filled. lights were filled by people from out of state.
The Dorbar Shnong Miangbyrkong, a backward village near Langpih on the border with Assam, which is almost surrounded by Nepali villages, would like to express its gratitude to Madam D.MC and Miss Jt.
Pranoy Kumar Musahary will be sworn in as the Chief Executive Member of the Lokayukta of Meghalaya on Tuesday.
The world today respects women in society. The presence of women's organizations in the villages and townships in society provides protection and security to society especially to women from violence and violence against women, children and the elderly.
The UDP President denied that there would be any differences with the HSPDP which did not attend the Congress' call to listen to Meira.
The eight new members of the HYC will strengthen the work of the HYC in the country, said Pyndap Syiemlieh Public Secretary HYC. Daniel Pohing, Pyntngeng Pohing, Dismit Sumer, Manbha Pyrngap and Shainbhameki Sumer.
In the last 24 hours, 9 people have died from EKH: 04, SWGH: 01, WGH: 02 and WJH:
Traces of bank accounts and assets in other countries were also found which the group did not report.
