Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat, who is also a former teacher of the school, was also present at the ceremony.
Speaking to reporters to clarify the misunderstanding, the Minister of Arts & Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the Cabinet of Ministers has to comply with the rules and regulations. and the State Anthem of Meghalaya shall be in accordance with the Laws and Rules implemented by the State.
Under PM-GKAY 2021 (January-July 2021), so far, more than 76 lakh MT of food items or more than 95% of the food items used have been delivered by the States/UTs. Furthermore, more than 35 lakh MT of food items ( about 90% of the monthly supply) has been distributed by the States/UTs for the month of June 2021 and more than 23 lakh MT of food items (about 59% of the monthly supply) has been distributed by for the month of July,
She said the Act protects all girls and boys under the age of 18 from violence such as rape, rape and other acts related to their bodies and the rules to punish the wicked.
On the same day, he also spoke to the people who came for treatment at the hospital, where they expressed their concern about the lack of ambulance to help transport the poor to the hospital. bag care heat that shitom.
She said that during the outbreak, the Government of India through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has introduced the Emergency Covid Response Package to support the States in the fight against Covid-1
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The UDP candidate from Shillong North, Dr. Aman War on Tuesday launched his campaign for the general elections from Lad Jaïawshyiap, Lumpyllon and Upper Lansonlane. he will go back to other parts of the constituency.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony of Timothy D Shira as Interim Speaker at Raj Bhavan, Conrad said, “It is an unfortunate incident, it is sad to see such people. events in Meghalaya, a state that has always believed in democracy.
B.Singh Chief Arbiter.
“How can the people of Garo Hills look at Dikkanchi who has never been heard to speak even once in the House,” he asked the Congress candidate.
The school has held classes from 1 to 12 while all other schools have been closed.
Following the spread of the news, the Home Ministry has sought information from the Chief Secretary, Delhi, who has immediately informed them and dismissed them on the same day. , will be prepared by the Government of India.
Former Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kumari Selja laid the foundation stone on November 20,
At Wahmyntait Unit, Daplin Khongsit was elected as President, Vice President, Jrila Lynshiang as Secretary, Regina Sumer as Assistant Secretary and Blantina Sumer as Treasurer.
Therefore, the union immediately informed the BSF nearby to prevent these Bangladeshis from entering the border of Ri Khasi.
He said that the traditional dance is a way to increase income and urged the organizers of this dance to create opportunities to attract people to come. that it will be a means of improving the income of the villagers.
The reason for this incident may be due to drug trafficking disputes.
However, it was not until the equipment and machinery arrived at the site and the work began that the public became aware.
Even the UDP has nominated candidates and has members in Garo Hills, how much more will the national parties like the Congress and TMC support this demand? Furthermore, it has no basis in Parliamentary Democracy or People's Government because the right to elect leaders belongs to the MLAs of any party.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: This month of June and next July, it will be a hot night for the residents of Nongrim Jirang, Umkremdykhong and Jareibasai to search for the World Cup. it appears once every four years and that too during the World Cup.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Special Force-10 (SF-10) will be used by the government after completing their training.
“We will try to complete it by November
Shillong: "The authorities are earning happily in this country," said Alkwiz John Kharbani, General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association.
The workshop focused on the importance of the First Golden Minute - the 60 seconds of a child's life.
The KSU leaders also said that the shortage of teachers in these schools has caused problems to the students and parents who send their children to such schools. The KSU leaders said that the shortage of teachers in schools reserved for children aged 6 to 14 years, according to the Right to Education (RTE) 2009, as well as according to Article 21 ( A) of the Constitution of India, which clearly states that children under the age of 14 years, may attend school free of charge.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Cabinet of Ministers on Tuesday approved the notification of the Meghalaya Epidemic Diseases Malaria Regulation Malaria disease.
The Khasi singer said that the money is worth the money.
The final will be played at the SSA Stadium at 3:30 pm.
Choose 4 correct one of them but you will lose your mark if there is a technical error.
However, most of the time, the youth do not get tired of working in small jobs. This is one of the ways to enable the youth to stand on their own feet.
“If anyone says that the Executive Dorbar Marbisu is still alive, let them raise the Hima councils to support it or let the EC of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and Bah Lamphrang Blah raise a law to show that it is still alive. ", said the office bearers of the Marbisu Youth Association.
Today, there will be a competition in various categories including men and women, the finals of which will be held on Saturday 25th from evening.
On the other hand, the village headmen have requested the authorities to come and investigate the problem of the residents of Umlyngkdait.
At the time of writing, no clear information has been received from Rupang.
Out of these 483 MLAs, only 60 will be elected as MLAs to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Although there is a ban on the use of iit iong in vehicles, there are still some people who put iit iong in their vehicles. MH Kharkrang said that the police who were conducting the search operation have seized 36 vehicles and the fine collected from these 36 vehicles has reached T.14,600.
In Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the land is more difficult to build roads because it is hilly, steep, steep, while in Garo Hills, it is more difficult to build roads because it is flat. valley.
Now they have become a place of refuge.
The Presbyterian Church said that there is no religious issue in the BJP and she will fight hard as the party leader to eradicate such beliefs. they are superstitions, she said.
Some schools have only two classes like class XI and XII while there are 6 or 7 teachers.
This forest is also our source and culture because we live together with wild animals and also because it is a special gift from God.
Speaking at the meeting, Irin Lyngdoh recalled that when (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh and I were in the Assembly during the Question Hour, all the leaders laughed and died because when (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who is from the same family, asked a question and was answered by Irin Lyngdoh.
There was also a Match Pass by the students, Mass Drill by the students of LPLPS, LUPS, RCLPS and a group dance by the students of VO Tur Shaphrang.
About seven people have lost their precious lives in the shooting incident by the Assam police at 5 pm today.
Bah Rapthap said that the decision to hold this tournament is that all the teams to participate must follow the rules and regulations as laid down by the district authorities especially the Regarding the completion of Covid 19 Vaccination to all the players who have registered to take part in this tournament.
“I stay in the hostel of NEHU and I am also the Vice President of NEHUSU.
HSS, Nartiang Press HSS, Govt.
In short, you will feel that the shiah are new from the right and from the left, and that the strong trees are tormenting your soul (inner torments).
It was around 10:30 pm on Sunday that the fire brigade and police received a tip-off about the fire.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government is closely monitoring the clash between the Khasi people and the Assam Police in Umwali village.
The meeting was attended by Donbok Dkhar President of Shillong, Vice President and other leaders.
In fact, there was a plan to open the Barato Outpost in the last three months but due to the lack of work, it has been delayed,” he said.
During the search, 51 persons were found to have EPIC, 34 persons did not.
Not only that, the union has also found that the coal has been burnt by the company without any fencing to prevent it from flowing into the Riwiang River near the factory. The coal that has been burnt flows slowly into the river and soon after that the coal will turn bih into the river.
The NBAJAC urges the MeCEL management to provide electricity in the Narpuh area and if it cannot provide electricity they will take other strict decisions.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The shooting death of four Khasi elders by the Assam police in Langpih on 14th June 2010, has turned three years old on Tuesday.
In 1970, thousands of HSPDP volunteers were released through the protests on the slogans of No Hill State No Rest and Non-Violence Direct Action.
Although they were stopped by the Assam police who came in two vehicles at about 2 pm, the work to improve the dirt road is going smoothly and the work has reached Langkeroi village, he said. Ma Deimonmi Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that the District Administration has talked to the Village Leaders of Lapangap to stop the work so that it will not cause any disturbance and the Waheh Shnong has also discussed with the Village Leaders of Lapangap. he stopped the inhabitants of the village until the sky was almost dark.
The Court, headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi of India, has also allowed those who have registered to submit their 1951, 1966 and 1971 voter registration documents. Their certificate of citizenship in 1971 and their ration card in
Speaking to media in Shillong, Pilot said that Meghalaya continues to suffer from the problems of inflation and unemployment and blamed the BJP and the NPP on their inconsistent rule.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: The MBMA in collaboration with the Enterprise Facilitation Center (EFC) from the office of the Block Development Officer of C&RD Block Mawkyrwat today distributed the song checks worth T.25,35,000/- to 37 Farmer Producer Groups under the FOCUS project in The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall of the DC's Office Mawkyrwat.
To all the brothers and sisters, the brothers and sisters, the brothers and sisters, the young men and women and the young men.
She confirmed that according to information received, the BJP has also planned to throw money at any party that can win the vote of the Trinamool Congress.
About 500 households in Bakur and Dawki villages were distributed food items.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has expressed his surprise at the news in recent days that he will contest from the two constituencies.
The people of Mawkhar, Jaïaw, on the other hand, cannot prove that they are indeed the brain of Khasi-Jaintia as they used to say.
If a 10-year-old schoolgirl cannot say Jai Sri Ram in school, how can they explain Jesus and Mary in school”.
This is the full budget of the KHADC, as the vote on account for the three months will end.
He became a great man in that he rejected the thousands of dollars that were offered to him.
Garo State is soon to be destroyed.
The JHGPSTA also donated T50,000/- which was handed over by HT Mohrmen and Ricky Lamare to the DC.
From the Metor area, the DGP and his team inspected Motphran, Mission Compound and Jaïaw and from there they walked to Mawkhar to return to Khyndailad.
Shortly after, it was learned that those arrested in connection with the smuggling of Khasi films were Vicky Mishra and Donbor Marbaniang. Police seized their computers.
...We know that we cannot live alone if we get independence and we understand that as we are now we have to rely on others from abroad for many of our needs.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 328 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 143, Ri Bhoi with 108, West Jaintia Hills with 92, South Garo Hills with Khasi Hills 16, Eastern West Khasi Hills 31, North Garo Hills 25, South Garo Hills 13, East Jaintia Hills 21, West Khasi Hills 25 and East Garo Hills
The result of this is that the country and the nation are suffering from corruption at all levels of governance from the top to the bottom of the world.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 78729 and out of these 75698 have recovered and 1367 have died.
On the other hand, many of the residents have alleged that the reason for the flooding in the area is due to the lack of drainage systems. and requested the relevant authorities to take action to avoid the problem and flooding from time to time in the area.
“One of the organizations that the Congress has decided to suspend is the NSUI and to get “The Congress party has already sent a letter to Delhi since 27th November,” she said.
Nongpoh: Although the government has announced that on the first day of the month, people coming from outside the state will be closed as part of allowing people working at the Screening Centre, to rest and However, because there are many people from the state, who have urgent jobs such as illness and others, the District authorities in Ri Bhoi have decided to hours a day from 10 am to 5 pm, which is like allowing those people to come and go through the Entry and Exit point of these Screening Centers at Byrnihat.
"Now we buy leaves for 25-26 tyngka per kilo"
Evannassar Shylla.
Therefore, the union demands that the MSPCB should suspend the public hearing and consider all aspects.
He said that in a day, about 50-60 ships are operated especially during the rainy season and less during the rainy season and most of them are foreigners.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) strongly condemns the violence of the district authorities and police against the unarmed residents including women who opposed the public hearing of the The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has decided to expand the Meghalaya Cements Ltd in Thangskai.
BJP State President Rikman G Momin said they urge the HNLC to come forward to continue the peace talks with the state government as well as the central government.
Earlier, Rohit Shah scored 27 runs and Kevin Christopher 10 runs.
This demon worship has appeared from Tura and has spread to Shillong. In fact, it is said that it first existed in Shillong but it never appeared in the past as it does now.
This mother's lineage goes on its own and has nothing to do with the idea that they will marry each other when they give birth to a father.
The term “indigenous people” refers to ethnic groups who are the first inhabitants of a country or region of the world.
Ma Lahkmen said that the Amutong LP School has been allocated for the construction at a cost of T.44 lakh.
KSU Malki Circle in a statement issued today strongly condemned the action of the Government of Meghalaya on the ILP. This continued arrest and harassment of members of the Seng has made them more encouraged and brave.
The incident happened yesterday, when residents of the village, saw that the suspected drivers and followers of a gas truck, carrying NL-02-G -3878, they stole gas from the truck and filled it with several tyndong lyer.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul said that there is a need for an independent inquiry by an independent committee to expose the illegal mining and smuggling of coal from the state to the state. others.
Kunal Lama and Prem Lama took two wickets each for Nongthymmai.
“However, to see the winning candidates whether they are male or female is very important.
Later, the Government of India will do its part.
On the other hand, the former Secretary Shnong of Chiehruphi, Bah Dametreyo Rymbai, who was present with the members of HANM Narpuh Circle, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the HANM Narpuh Circle. , who took this step to donate to the school children, also congratulated the organization for its progress and for its services to the community. At the same time, he urged the children to be hardworking, diligent in their studies to progress in knowledge and morality, to be also the shining stars of the country and the nation.
He said that if the government had called for talks, the teachers would not have needed to come out like today.
According to the government's directive, private vehicles allowed to travel in all districts except Shillong, should travel only 50% per day and that too should travel on odd number days and even days. number.
Not only that, but even the farmers who have to pay to transport their crops such as sying, synrai, synsar and other crops even to reach the market in Nartiang village. Pynsing Market in Wahiajer, Ummulong is one of the largest markets in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, March 22: After the sudden death of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh MLA Nongstoin, there has been a great expectation among the people that the candidates will apply for tickets to contest from the party in the mid-term elections. Hoping will be replaced by the leading leaders of the HSPDP from Nongstoiñ including LG Nongsiej, the incumbent MDC of the party.
On the other hand, BCPL is expected to bring in investment and to operate MCCL once again. reliable work history.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, has urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLB) to continue the reconciliation talks with the State Government. for several months.
Among these banks, the State Bank of India has the highest number of accounts with 12727 accounts while the lowest is South Indian Bank with 4 accounts. The Federal Bank has not yet opened an account.
It was seen that all of them were sitting on their knees and spreading their food bags, which were not prepared to cook with beef and some of them brought hot water and beef to eat in this remote place. The BJP office in Lachumiere.
On the men's side, Bardy A Sangma of Agitok Mahari, Jayang T Sangma of Tegitde Mahari and Chekam Tangrik B Marak of Bolwari Mahari became the best goalkeeper.
In this regard, I feel that the construction of an air road would be more suitable to solve the traffic jam in the city".
“I may contest the MDC election if the law allows me to do so,” she said.
The audit said that the company has been spending money since 2012 and the government needs to look into this area by recommending that it belongs to the right department. look into the new structure, improvement and recovery of this company or to close down completely if there is no way to do so.
Regarding the ILP, he said the District Council has sent it to the Governor and the Governor will have to consult the government before giving approval. it is still within the government’s legal department.
There were also those who threw pataka bombs until some of them were injured and even burnt down the houses of others.
Isaiah 11:9.
New Delhi: Congress President Rahul Gandhi today announced the implementation of a daily wage of Rs 72,000 per annum for the poorest 20 per cent of India. .
The construction of the project will include a hall, a badminton court, a boxing ground and other facilities besides offices. It was proposed in April, 2019 and in July, 2020 but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it has been suspended.
Jowai MCH Hospital in Panaliar Jowai has been opened to the public with a lock on the gate to enter the hospital. This empty hospital without any medical facilities has been exactly the MLA's wish or scientific ploy to confuse with the government itself and that too three months before the election.
When you have children, don't think they are Khasi; Be careful that they don't escape, From the devil, the devil dowry.
JUD Cements in Jaintia Hills has not paid its electricity bill of Rs 2000 lakh.
According to BJP MLA Pynthorumkhrah AL Hek, three candidates have applied for ticket from the party to contest the MP election from Shillong, including Dr Fenella, Ernest. and another is the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha.
Acts 7:47-4
However, the MPs also demanded that Sichwale should apologize to the members for her disgraceful dress.
We witness the struggle and struggle of our youth to protect the nation and state from being overwhelmed by other high paid nations from other places.
Explaining about the work of the Institute, Dr. VK Mishra, Director, ICAR-RC-NEH, Umiam said that this meeting will help in providing detailed information to all stakeholders, factories. and investors on agriculture development opportunities in the state, trade opportunities and potential sectors for investment.
“Conrad said that the youth need to have their rights and their interest in sports or music which they should learn.
Political parties or candidates should be strictly vigilant in relation to the public in carrying equipment that can be misused by criminals especially during the heat wave. .
The shooting spread quickly and protesters from all over the country came out to Motphran and other places to hold a protest which lasted day and night for many days.
Before this year's tournament, the members of the association were elected and renewed on 7th November
The child, who is a child, lives with her mother-in-law in Sohkymphor village, which falls under the Khliehriat Police Station.
:The ASHA workers of the West Khasi Hills ASHA Association in collaboration with the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union today held a rally in Nongstoin to continue their strike. The rally started from MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ and continued through the Nongstoiñ Market. The rally was attended by hundreds of ASHA workers from WKH.
However, the people are facing many problems because the government has not formulated policies on how to develop agriculture but has been busy making laws that are not suitable for the people.
On receiving information about the incident, the Fire Brigade under the leadership of Station Officer HS Nongrem rushed to the river to provide assistance to the victims. Five people were first found sitting on a larger stone in the middle of the river and the fire brigade immediately rescued them. equipment including a bridge and a tyllai for the purpose of rescuing these four persons from danger.
The prizes for the winners in Singing are 1st 50,000, 2nd 30,000, 3rd 25,000 and 10 Consolation prizes.
It is to be informed to the public that this man has been supporting his family by working as a mystery worker in the past years and it is only since 2019 that he has started building construction works. After the outbreak of COVID-19, he has continued to develop his skills through handicrafts.
Noting that 95% of the fish trade is done only by the Khasi, he said that this ban on the fish trade has affected the Khasi diet.
ter-ter-ter....
But when he returned he found his mother murdered and blood splattered on the floor.
Meduwin Marak from Rongjeng village in East Garo Hills said he is proud to be invited to New Delhi and looks forward to listening to Prime Minister Duh in his speech from the Red Fort.
Shillong, July 27: The High Court on Tuesday summoned the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, for his remarks at a public meeting held on July November on the order of the High Court which has abolished the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnong.
Investigation teams are still searching for those who crashed and those who are still alive and those who can be rescued and at the same time they are still looking for the cause and the truth about the crash. in this incident.
Following his complaint, Bah Rani said that the police department has ordered the traffic department to conduct a thorough search of taxis operating in Shillong and in this search three taxis were found smuggling. Sticker mouth.
KHNAM has also met with the Chairman of the High Level Committee to discuss the issue, said a statement from Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 02: The Warsan Lyngdoh Area Youth Association (SSSSWLA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the injustice, insult and disregard of the company for the construction of the Intermediate Road Nongstoiñ. -Revelation.
The party has also promised to set up a women's police battalion known as the Phan Nonglait Battalion.
He prayed that God will bless and bless the group as a whole so that they will be in good health and through this youtube channel others will benefit.
He said that in South America, children can play up to 45 games a year.
“He told the investigators that he had nothing to do with any corruption within the group, and he also showed all his personal records and records of his work with the group to the police. investigation," the source said.
However, he recently joined the UDP and on the day he joined the UDP this year, he announced that his family has reunited to win him in the upcoming election. Jowai, Nailur 25 : The KKCNC (KKCNC) has joined the UDP on Tuesday morning. The Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij has been working to preserve the customs and traditions of our ancestors.
He said that the schemes have been placed in the hands of the people especially the youth so that they can implement them.
Everyone shall not only have the right to food, clothing, shelter, but also the right to basic education.
The BJP Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswas Sharma, who is also the Chief Minister of Assam, will visit the NPP-led MDA government. Dr Sharma will reveal the secrets of the border with Assam, the smuggling of coal through Assam, the reason why the BJP has agreed to include the NPP in the Manipur government and many others. Other secrets and thanksgivings that the NPP-led MDA government has done in relation to Assam.
If its proposal is not accepted by the ACC, the PCB has vowed to withdraw from the Asian Cricket Confederation.
“We will meet with the Chief Minister on this,” said Teinwel.
So far, four candidates have contested the mid-term elections and these four candidates are Diosstar Jyndiang of the HSPDP who is also the driver of Maieid Hoping, Gabriel Wahlang of the HSPDP. The Congress party, which is also an MDC, has resigned from the District Council. Fenella L Nonglait, sister-in-law of Maieid Hoping, has emerged as an independent candidate. Moslander Marngar, former President of the West Khasi Hills Students Union (WSU).
In fact, they said that they don't expect to have to pay for their clothes, because they said that when Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit came to visit Iewduh, he promised to pay for the dress. that they may receive it.
“There will be many obstacles, but be strong in mind and always remember to pray before starting or walking on their path,” said Bah Diengdoh.
He then expressed his surprise why the government could not distribute these four houses to the poor families when they were completed in
Others who witnessed the event were former Mairang MDC Equator Nongrang, Shylla MLA Balajied Synrem and other dignitaries.
The event was also enriched by the participation of farmers from Ri-Bhoi, students, professors, scientists from ICAR, and District authorities from Ri-Bhoi.
On the other hand, the relatives of those Muslim children who shot Obe and caused trouble on that day came to talk peace with Obe's family as well as the Nepali children, but he said that they “So far, the police have arrested only one out of 20-30 children, but we will wait for them to come and talk peace because their relatives have already spoken, we will not “I don't want the police to arrest me,” said Prakash.
This was announced by the Minister of Textiles, Bah Pual Lyngdoh.
They said that some of the other Congress leaders who are eligible to contest the MP election if Pala is not given the ticket include OL Nongtdu, Charles Pyngrope and John F Kharshiing.
Pynursla, Naiwieng 21: While the construction of the road from Mawlyndun to Mawlynnong via Kyntonsa-ir village is progressing smoothly, the contractor's work has come to light after a bridge which has just been completed has collapsed. The year of construction by the Dhar Company has collapsed and part of the road connecting through this bridge has collapsed.
However, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu scored the first goal of the match through Fredi Chyrmang (33).
The death toll worldwide has risen to 190,549 and the total number of infections has risen to 2.7 million.
Langsning FC finished third while Rangdajied United FC came second and received a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka.
Besides, the incumbent Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, because he has the authority over government schemes worth thousands of crores, has taken them to Garo Hills while Khasi and Jaintia Hills have received only tens of crores.
And when he had waited a long time, he came not.
The Dorbar of the Council in June-October 1966 elected him as the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and he held this position until
“The Raid Shabong is fortunate that its ancestors were intellectuals, scholars, who knew how to thank God, the Creator, I witnessed their rituals. It is true that there are many trials that you have faced in the past many years, but the glory of the raid remains, which is the matti of the shwa man. Before the sons of the owners of the three daughters of the raid shabong who are still holding it until now and I don't doubt until now that we have met especially in the last sordar election which was very hot, which showed us how it will be the custom The custom of the raid shabong if there is any mistake on the part of the supporters, the candidates in this election, but the master himself did not leave while they were still holding the religion and customs and gave a clear answer that Herinsing Khongngai, the candidate nominated by the longtrai, with the support of many churches, the children of the Raid Shabong, who understand the customs and traditions that it is necessary to preserve until now, although there is no Many of the changes around us, he has been a winner and so it made me feel that we should encourage him to hold the post as he has done in the past decades”.
“One of my duties, as a leader, is to develop the young players, the provision of good and adequate stadiums is one of them,” he said.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Monday met with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District and the officials of Topcem to demand the immediate expulsion of the two foreigners working in the company. A company from East Jaintia Hills has been arrested for allegedly inciting police to bomb and tied naphang during a protest against a public hearing in Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills on the 24th of this month.
He said the Congress party will be able to do better than the TMC in Garo Hills in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The Amrit Pharmacy within the Institute was established in 2016 with the sole objective of providing medicines and equipment to the patients at affordable prices.
It is often said and named that the country of Hynniewtrep is a country of knowledge of people, knowledge of God or knowledge of family.
The film will be screened at Bijou Cinema hall 4 times a day from 11:30 pm to 2:00 pm, 4:00 pm and 6:00 pm.
“There are many parties who have applied for tickets but we cannot take any decision yet because the Government has just announced the date of the elections,” said Bah Teiborkham. earlier.
The Khasi singer Kelly M. Nongbri and the tyngshop Phira Dohtdong took part in the song.
Baghmara MLA Samuel Sangma in the presence of one of the BJP leaders, who is also an MLA, AL Hek; He today handed over his resignation letter as MLA to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, March 21: An Army plane carrying only two or three passengers has crashed at 7 mer Upper Shillong this morning and two soldiers on board the plane have been injured. .
One day there was a heavy rainfall in the Nein area of ​​the Myntdu River. Syntu did not know about this heavy rainfall because there was no rainfall in the area where there is no Hali kba. She was busy working in the fields in Hali and didn't know that her son was playing in the Shyiap of the Myntdu River.
We shall pass through this world once; wherever we go, let us live a full life.
It was also alleged that this project could not have been completed without the support of the political leaders because without their support, this project could have been completed in one day.
Vajpayee was awarded the Bharat Ratna in
His victory is not because he went to clean up the village, but he was chosen because he is one of the best artists to bring the idea of ​​cleanliness in the village. in thaw.
“Many times mothers are busy taking care of their children and looking after the household but they forget about themselves.
Thus, the sin that mankind had committed for thousands of years was punished in the time of Pamen Noah by the flood of the whole earth and that we learn about through the Jewish Sea (Gen 7: 17–24).
...We have reason to doubt that we will not be able to get our fundamental rights if there is an attempt to abolish the Syiem and Dorbar Hima systems and replace them with others.
He said that the interest rate that the borrowers have to pay is high, they have to pay other unfair fees, the calculation of the interest rate is not transparent and the misuse of the agreement. social networking is unclean, but only to take advantage of through mobile devices.
This also includes starting to work (such as providing adequate child care and educational facilities) this is one that ensures a good foundation for rapid development in all areas .27.3.
The Meghalaya High Court has handed down a verdict to allow non-government teachers.
“When the money of the people is in the bank, the income will increase because it will spread to the market and to the people around the country”.
In Nongpoh, 12 candidates have filed their nomination papers today: Victor Ranee of the NPP from Jirang, William Mynsong of the Congress from Jirang, Balajied Rani of the Congress from Nongpoh and Rona Khymdeit of the UDP from Nongpoh. , Charles Marngar of Congress from Mawhati, Mayborn Rapthap from Mawhati, Raton Manick Mukhim of NPP from Mawhati, Kisborly Kharbani of UDP from Mawhati, Donkupar Sumer of UDP from Umsning, Rocky Augustine Micky Douglas Syiem of the Congress from Umroi and First Force Deki Ramsiej of the UDP from Umroi.
At the same time, it was noted that although the situation in October 2023 has improved, in June 2023, there are places where garbage trucks will not go at all.
The Forum also said that South Garo Hills urgently needs taller electricity posts to avoid being hit by fallen trees and to avoid causing power outages in the area. region.
He said that although this area has become a big market, but this road belongs to the PWD department, and by opening this road for vehicles it has also helped the people especially who are old enough to enter the place.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin on Tuesday launched the Kalaignar Women Entitlement Scheme, which provides a monthly cash assistance of Rs 1,000 to women heads of households. in the state.
JOWAI: The Supreme Court today directed the Government of Meghalaya to take a final decision within 10 months whether to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Mines and Mineral Development Act as requested by the Government. Meghalaya.
When we see on social media we are filled with sympathy for them because they come to apologize for their mistakes, but when they reach the old stone they are insulted and told that they have not reached anything and they are shot again without respect.
Nongpoh: Ten SHG members from 4 C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi district have received T.10 lakh each for the to strengthen them in the way of raising Syiar kha pylleng.
“The time will come when I will retire from the post of leader and while I am leading the team, the goal is to save, encourage and lead in the right way so that one day these youngsters from the Unit will also carry the “It is a heavy responsibility to be the leaders of the RBYF Kyrdem Kulai Unit,” said Bah Bipul. He gave an example that he as the current leader was only the leader of the RBYF Kyrdem Kulai Unit in the past. goal that he reaches the top leadership position of the organization.
“Foreign forces are fighting as hard as they can to destroy the traditional beliefs of the Khasi Niamtre religions.
Pa'iem said that even the Chief Minister of Assam, acknowledges that the Raid Domria is the oldest tribe, which has been in existence for about 5000 years.
On Friday, a youth was injured in a shooting incident on those marching against the CAA while they were marching from Jamia to Rajghat.
“Next year we can hold it in Upper Shillong, Laban and other places because we want this message to reach all the indigenous people,” he said.
Many people want to take their children to see the animals kept at the facility.
It is not profitable to hide, for the more you hide, the more transgressors there are.
The director said it is difficult to find out the reasons for the loss of these items as the seizure of these items has started in
But you have to tell your father too.
“As of now, the discussions are ongoing, and they have not taken a decision yet, we will wait and see when the time comes,” he told reporters.
“The Congress government in the state is the cause of the problem in the Khadar administration in KHA DC,” said UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar in a petition submitted to the BJP President today. day.
“This tortious work of the contractor has wasted the public money in which the MLA and the contractor have benefited while the people have suffered due to the deterioration of the road which has just been completed”. Paul Lyngdoh Education Secretary of KSU Laskein Circle said that the PWD department has spent Rs 6 crore to improve this road. the road is bad.
The SP urged the drivers to drive according to the rules for the safety of themselves and others.
UCC (Uniform Civil Code) Thank you very much for your explanation, through this explanation the people will understand and know how to elect a leader which party. well with Uno party who is not.
Shillong: Another person from Haryana has tested positive for Covid-19 and is currently undergoing treatment in Tura, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma wrote on his Facebook page.
In the match between Jyntru SC and Umeit SC, Jyntru SC won the title after scoring one goal in the first half and one goal in the second half. Shillong: Police of East Khasi Hills District, after receiving a tip on the presence of people demanding money in Iewduh and Police Bazaar, have arrested Jyntru SC for a 2-0 victory over Umeit SC. Four persons involved in the incident were arrested from Police Bazaar while they were collecting money from a shop.
Regarding the demand for the establishment of a Boundary Commission, Kharbani said the MHA has sent a letter to the CS Division which is responsible for the demarcation of all the states within its jurisdiction. Northeast India.
There are nations that have their own homeland but are under the rule of other countries.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, did not allow the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, even to go to the venue to hold a public meeting in Brishyrnot.
The number of cases in the United States has risen to more than 33,000 and the death toll to more than 400, including those in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles.
Other programs on the day included shops set up by various government departments and SHGs and traditional songs and dances by the talented youth of the area.
The KSU 20 mer Unit has requested the PHE department to take action to look into the problem of the people, in order to build and improve these water tanks and also the filter so that the The people will escape the problem through the water shortage, they added.
Fortunately, many fish lovers have removed the plastic from the seabed, and many fish have escaped.
:The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Tyrsad Circle, in order to encourage and develop the students and schools in the area, has held a ceremony to honor the students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The awarding ceremony was held on 12th November, 2023 at the Dorbar Hall of Jubansuk Hynniewta who passed the B.Sc (Mathematics) examination. the village of Mawlum.
During the inspection, the union found that these foreigners in Ïawmawsiang have used excessive force by setting up shops selling tar on the road and along the road despite the authorities' The market and the JHADC have imposed strict rules even on the indigenous people but these foreigners are still allowed to set up shops in the market.
In 2013, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs granted a subsidy of Rs 89.09 crore to a coal factory in Meghalaya under the Central Capital Investment Subsidy Scheme
PREVENT KIDNEY STONES:— The citric acid in ginger can prevent the formation of kidney stones.
“For who can make straight that which he has made?” Ecclesiastes 7:1
Don't misuse them to sell but use them properly,” said Kong AL Lapang.
Robert joined the Congress party on 2nd November and according to him, senior Congress leaders from the state and Delhi have accepted the proposal to appoint him as Prime Minister. the state.
The price for Fair Price Shops (FSP) shops which are more than 5 kilometers away from the wholesale outlet within Sutnga Sub-Depot will be fixed by the relevant vigilance committee.
Now we are just beginning and that's all I can say.
In 2023, the same shipping unit has been able to set up another mobile processing unit at Umdihar IVCS, Umdihar, Ri Bhoi District to increase the production and thus up to tons of Soh Trun has been produced by the unit in the first month of its operation.
The tournament was held in two categories for children under 14 and 17 years (girls and boys).
Twenty-one cases were reported from Barpeta district, 21 cases from Tinsukia and 14 cases from Dima Hasao.
Maharashtra and Puducherry have the highest number of cases of H3N2
He said that there has been a loss of up to T.6 crore by the state government.
Speaking to reporters, the lawyer of one of the volunteers in the area, AH Hazarika said that their complaint to the Meghalaya Lokayukta will also be against other volunteers. They included government officials including the BDO of Resubelpara, the DC of North Garo Hills, the Chairman of DRDA, the Project Director of Community and Rural Development and another individual identified as John Denver. Sangma, because the distribution of tins to the residents of the constituency, is not clear.
As the thought of God, the Khasi, in his hara, has been shon shap in this journey to climb Lum Sohpetbneng to keep the new source from his own source.
“I am proud to have such a centre, which is the only one in the region and even in India,” said Kong Nongbri.
Langsning have started slowly this season and have started playing well since losing this match, winning all three matches after that.
Nongpoh: Three robbers involved in the conspiracy to smuggle counterfeit currency have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on Thursday. T.27,000 counterfeit money was also seized from an airbag which the robbers had packed along with clothes and stones.
"However, they have not informed us and we don't have any information about the Nigerian citizens how they are doing or whether they have been imprisoned here in Jowai. Jail There are 6 Nigerians who have been arrested including 4 men and 2 women and they are still under trial after the completion of this case. to send them back to their country.
So far, there are 1,131 cases in the state and East Khasi Hills has 811 cases.
Pule: WJH District Police said that a man has confessed to committing the crime after being shot dead.
The prize money for the winners is T.6000 thousand and the runners up is T.4000 thousand.
“Is it just because they come from these containment zones that all the people have positive cases of COVID-19?” said President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
We only sell packaged food items wrapped in plastic which destroys the environment.
“We have launched the Homestay Scheme which has 2500 homestays across the state.
Isn't corruption a crime and a sin in the sight of man and in the sight of God that the one who does this is not like a murderer and doesn't believe at all that this is an evil deed that he does? do.
“To pass a law to give the right to other ethnic groups to become citizens of the North East is inappropriate, the citizens will be overwhelmed by these other ethnic groups,” he said. Sai added.
The number of students who passed the SSLC examination has happened not only in one or two schools but all over the state of Meghalaya whether in urban areas or schools. There are also rural areas.
Thus, under the above Regulation 1952, nine Regulations or laws have been included, including the ILP Regulation 1873, about 200 Acts, including nine Ordinances of the Central Government. ) and 16 Acts of Bengal and Assam, including the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910, which is against the Government and the Kurkalang Byrhien.
Women should not be allowed to become Rangbah Shnong, this is the job of the Rangbah.
Shillong Eastern and Shillong Western will play in the semi against Mawngap and Smit.
I am looking forward to returning to India and I am looking forward to meeting my teammates and the fans of Chennaiyin,” he said in a statement.
I request you to take part in the implementation of this Act even during the short session.
The quake struck at 4.10 pm and was felt in parts of Kolkata and other states.
He said the government's aim is to meet the needs of schools at secondary and higher secondary levels in line with other countries in the world.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SP) Shillong today said that the investigation is ongoing into the theft of money from the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church.
The UCC (Uniform Civil Code) or the Uniform Civil Code, which has been discussed in recent times, is the Government of India led by the BJP. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah plan to implement it across India.
The judgment of the Diengdumbur has ended.
Larisa Lamin, daughter of Ardonhi Lamin from Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District, said that she couldn't imagine reaching this high rank. through the grace of God in her journey to prepare for this exam.
The one-year project funded by the Department of Commerce and Industries (DCI) Shillong has been funded by the Department of Commerce and Industries (DCI) Shillong. The R&D Institute under the Ministry of MSME, Wardha, Maharashtra, has been completed on 14th June.
NDPP Secretary General Abu Metha, Rio and President Chingwang Konyak extended their greetings and best wishes to all the NDPP MLAs who have been elected as the newly elected MLAs. leader in the Legislative Assembly.
The match tomorrow 14th will be between Mynthong and Khimusniang at 3 pm.
Upon arrival at the scene, the HITO and MPSO leaders temporarily suspended the operation of the Toll Gate and allowed all vehicles passing through the Toll Gate to pass free of charge. .
He said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has announced that the Government has now prepared a Mission to reduce the spread of HIV in the State.
On the other hand, he said that they want the formalin testing center to be located at Khlieh Iewduh as it is the central place where fish trucks from abroad arrive.
“I am sorry that I did not come to take part in the election of him as Lamphang,” said Bah Adelbert.
It is learned that as soon as the park collapsed, the residents in collaboration with the Umiam PS, struggled immediately to recover the bodies by digging through the puh shilum. Jesinta Malngain and Rin Kharbithain were rescued in the evening.
Under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, he said that they have tried to bring about various development projects in the state, especially in Jowai and he hoped that the beauty of Jowai will be achieved only in these few years.
The decision to cancel these two projects was taken and approved at the Cabinet meeting held on Tuesday.
Vehicles used for the movement of the people are an essential part of everyday life for the development of society which enables people to reach places. education, employment, non-employment relationships that lead to participation in society.
:- 6009594917Email: fedrickc11@gmail.com.
Shillong, Naitung 5 : Former Deputy CEM of Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Wenison Ch Marak has been appointed as the new Chief Executive Member (GHADC) Albinush R Marak.
Speaking at the programme, Dr Mukul M Sangma said that this celebration is an important celebration as it gives an opportunity to all the people of the state to take part in honoring the independence of the state. lovely.
He said the steps taken to address the threat of Anti-Microbial Resistance (AMR) should also be commended.
However, only in the Beef, Pork, Goat, Fish and Chicken markets, plastics of not less than 50 microns are allowed until further notice.
In this regard, he also asked the DC of Ri Bhoi to ensure that the farmers should not face any problems.
The first prize will be 50,000 tyngka, the second 30,000 tyngka and the third 20,000 tyngka.
Danve was speaking at the opening of a health center at Kolte Takli in Badnapur, Maharashtra.
“According to the Minister, these schemes have been given only to the producer groups, but even the people in Shillong have received this money. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in every household in Shillong and collect their bank accounts in every constituency,” he said.
God said to the Gentiles – “For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief: ) now they are disobedient, and by your mercy they (Israel) shall be shown mercy.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, while talking to media, said that 43 people have attended the wedding ceremony. Of these, 41 cases are from East Khasi Hills District and 2 cases are from Ribhoi District.
The tarpaulin should prevent satellites from launching 12 and 16 shaka.
Every 500 people in 4 or 5 villages should have a Jainn Shikshan Nilayam (JSN) established by the NLM to provide literacy training and recreation.
However, the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, did not sign the Bill and sent it to the President of India who is still pending in Delhi.
Recent sources said that some of the protesters arrived at the Secretariat at 4 pm.
Meanwhile, the UDP is still looking for candidates who have the hope of winning.
He alleged that the fact that the Congress MLAs/Ministers can no longer run the market in the hidden markets and where to go to break them, has surprised them until they have come out in the streets. on the 28th of November at the parking lot in Dhanketi, to get the support of the people and to help the poor.
Kharsyiem finished by taking five wickets for 30 runs for WKH. WKH started with a win in Group B of Zone 1 and scored two points.
This time, with the initiative of the MLA of the area, the stadium has been constructed in just three months and all that remains is to build lights and adequate public seating areas.
This shows that the people in other constituencies have not yet supported the BJP party despite being in power in India and in many states in the country.
What has the HSPDP prepared for the first death anniversary of this leader?
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Advisory Committee on Khasi Customary Law (KHADC) has held its first meeting today at the Khasi Customary Law Chamber. lamphang, to think for the legalization of the customs and traditions of the various Himas.
This thapbawa is rounder than the parts of the head, while the body is shalytuiñ like a round.
His father, brother and two family members were killed in the Israeli bombing in the nearby town of Khan Younis.
He said that the Metor area is not a residential area but a trading area and the government needs to improve the road there to avoid congestion.
In the first semifinal match of the tournament, Meghalaya also made history to reach the final.
In the 2nd Division, Sohryngkham SC beat Nongthymmai SC 0-4
It is time for us as a nation to think and ask, when events from time to time appear to be only sad events.
“An application for the provision of security authority in respect of change of land shall be issued by the High Court in writing to the Registrar General/Registrar to the Joint Secretary, North East, Government of India or the Secretary of the relevant authority. “It is necessary to inform the Meghalaya government about the progress of the judges,” said the High Court.
Beating Mizoram at 292/4, Meghalaya scored more than 400 runs.
Not only that, what has already happened (as some say, gone is gone will never return), but before they ask for the opinion of the people, it is necessary to tell them about the great deeds of the two. Their MPs, who have been elected by the people of the State in the past 5 years and these are the MPs of the Lok Sabha and the MPs to the Rajya and without fail, if they had told us first, it would have been very pleasant. , or if they tell stories about the manner of the meeting, the manner of the dorbar and other events which have happened in Parliament.
What is false will always be false even if everyone accepts it as truth.
Answering additional questions, Bah Paul said that the Building Act of the State Government is in force throughout the State. The building law belongs to the state government.
It may be recalled that the KSU Huroi Unit has already suspended the work once on 29th November 2018, but the District Administration through the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District has promised to pay the fee. She requested the KSU to allow the company to do the work.
The total number of cases is 562, East Khasi Hills 462, BSF 270, others 167, Army 25; cases in West Khasi Hills, 50 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in North Garo Hills. .
Sweden is the first country in the world to recognize sex as a sport and will host the sixth European Sex Championship. to be held in Gothenburg and will start on 8 July
It was also found that the garbage, including bottles, plastic and other garbage that has been dumped in the river in the past has been collected and cleaned by the members of the Bio Diversity Management Committee. , Kynton Massar to save and maintain the cleanliness of this river.
The State has expressed in the elections that it wants the national parties to rule over their own State.
The subsidy scheme was launched by the Prime Minister as part of the assistance to those families who are low income especially those who are poor.
“The courage of the Karbi people to attack our fellow citizens shows that they are not afraid to occupy land even if the land falls within the border of the state,” said Chanbor War General Secretary KSU Nartiang Circle.
The distribution of rice under this scheme is that 5 kilos per person per household at the price of T.3 tyngka.
Well, now the door is open for him,” said the brother.
Therefore, he appealed to the people to be vigilant in their daily travel as it is impossible to know when such things will happen. these earthquakes.
They said that at about 9 PM on Saturday, three civilians were hit by a vehicle in Chokabaha village.
He said that this subject has been delayed when the Union has raised the issue with the Chief Minister, where it has been suggested that the misunderstanding should be explained to the people. And Aadhar Number.
Through the rejection of the Governor, it has been confirmed that the Executive Committee of Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor, will continue to work in the coming days in the Council.
Therefore, the implementation of the ILP and other measures to curb the illegal entry of foreigners is necessary, but it is only temporary, because we know there is another way for foreigners to can be found easily in this state of ours which I have mentioned above.
When asked, Bah Dhar expressed the hope that the government will be able to complete and take a decision at the upcoming meeting.
John said that if he said that to know better, it would be better for Ardent to ask the officers of KHADC whether the previous governments in KHADC recognized, appointed and called or not. em him in various activities.
As a sign of condolences, the doctors of NEIGHRIMS, held a candlelight vigil on Tuesday evening and said that the doctors of NEIGHRIMS, under the banner of the NRDA, The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has called for a strike on the 17th of this month.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) Sohiong Constituency on Tuesday strongly condemned the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Samlin Malngiang for his insulting remarks against religious leaders. only descriptors not doers.
Out of the 14 sports, eight will be played tomorrow including shooting, basketball, boxing, billiards & snooker, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis and wushu.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Vincent H.Pala, expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the NEFA leaders to hold the festival, which is also part of the preservation of our culture. customs and traditions and which is also a confirmation that the Jaidbynriew is still alive and has its own customs and traditions.
However, it appears that Wan-Bissaka's future could end even though his contract expires until
However, while they are still living in our Bri u Hynniewtrep, it would be better for them not to interfere in our affairs,” said the KSU leader. The ILP, Article 371, the empowerment of District Councils and the census year should be from 24th October 1971, and those who came after this should be repatriated to Bangladesh.
In another match, Risingsun Mukhla beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 3-1
Four persons have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the quarrying, said the SP after a meeting with the village headmen convened by the DC today. .
In Assam alone, the length of this river reaches 450 miles.
On the other hand, the President of the BJP Meghalaya Kisan Morcha, Bah Ralden Bryan Shabong said, “Our goal is to find talents from the rural areas and to develop them so that they can become talented. become leading players in the state and the country as a whole.
However, the surprising thing is that people close to Professor RC Laloo have received this scheme while these people from Mih Myntdu village and who have no relationship with him have not received it at all. who lost, their share, that they went to complain on 16 November 2016.
The issue was raised by Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy as these villages are also in his constituency in Shella on the border of India and Bangladesh.
Shillong, March 07: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on Tuesday expressed its concern over the arrest of youths on suspicion of corruption. In a statement sent by Agnes Kharshiing President of the CSWO, the CSWO said that the CSWO is surprised by the judgment of the Prime Minister against the political parties. corrupt public scheme even when complained by civil society.
“If the authorities don't listen, we will not hesitate to hold protests by carrying flags and we will inform even the AICC authorities to join us. Shillong, July 22: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that the JBCC will nominate Albertus Lapang for the MDC election. inaugurated the Workshop on Livestock Entrepreneurship at a program held at Sanmer Secondary School, Upper Shillong.
He said that it was also found that the appearance of small houses inside the Municipal area has been allegedly inherited and the residents of these illegally built houses have also built parking spaces. on the road to Umplieng which has caused heavy traffic jam for passengers, school children and office workers.
The Secretary and Commissioner, Transport Department, Bah MR Synrem, honored the women drivers who came forward to provide services.
Joshua says in his book, "Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity and in truth.
They buy what they should buy without worrying.
The petrol price is also low.
Restaurant : a restaurant or restaurant; bam is the goods that are prepared to be used; drink is a mar of water or a kind of water that is not clean.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should provide the hospital in many areas.
This has affected our state so much that in all fields from the decline in education and the increase in poverty we have gained a reputation over the years instead of growing rapidly.
The Pdengshakap Residential School will also start next year.
Pastor MS Shadap, said that on the 3rd of this month, his son had gone with a driver named Pring Nongrum from Saiden village, with the intention of accompanying a friend from Saiden. They were on their way to Mizoram to deliver umphniang bam to Mizoram, but when they arrived in the state on the 5th at Kolasib district, he was arrested and had to be tested for COVID-1 He has been set slung in the state until today, although no report has been received whether he has been infected with the COVID-19 virus.
At the end of the ceremony, the Basan Rangslang of the Raid Mawbuh, the Basan Rangslang of the Raid Mawbuh, gave the thanksgiving ceremony by Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang. Rgh O. Pyngrope Vice President of the Khasi Kmie.
For the PM-Kisan scheme, the amount will be increased from 6,000 to 8,000 tyngka. If the people want these development projects to flow into their village, they should vote for Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on the occasion of his visit to Shillong, has caused a lot of trouble and confusion to the tourists. sha works in different ways.
The three-member group also includes former Bombay High Court judge Shalini Phansalkar Joshi and former Delhi High Court judge Asha Menon.
“Surprise people and warn them now, otherwise if we clap our hands now for five minutes, we will clap our heads for five years,” he said.
Therefore, there is nothing to fear and anyone is free to meet,” said Dr Laloo.
Shillong: A coal truck without number plate overturned and caught fire along with coal at Amkyrbai, Jirang Ribhoi District this morning.
Earlier, a short meeting was held at Yadalada Villa, Kdohhati Dulong Jowai led by Kyllimot Lhuid, a prayer by Barlee Moore Shilla and a welcome speech by Wombai Sumer.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has prepared for the upcoming MLA elections and has recommended candidates from three constituencies in the district.
The Single Bench headed by Justice HS Thangkhiew said that the decision of the Lamphang not to allow the special motion cannot be considered illegal or unconstitutional. .
“To verify and find out for ourselves the problems of the college, we came today as the UDP and we found that the condition of this college is bad, where the students are living in crowded places. "I don't know," said Paul Lyngdoh.
There is no one who lives here forever because the world is not eternal.
“According to the order (of the Meghalaya High Court) the District Council has ordered us that any non-resident who does business within the boundary of the Khasi Hills Automobile District Council will have to pay I have received my trading licence,” said Bah Kharbuki.
Nine new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Tripura on Saturday, bringing the total number of cases to
Besides the UPA meeting, the Congress Central Working Committee (CWC), which met this evening, also unanimously approved the separation of Telangana.
ST.03/03/21 bad “Hynniewtrep YouthCouncil (HYC) opposes smart-meter move in Meghalaya”.
The state government has received praise from the Meghalaya High Court on Friday for its intention to start operating buses for the transportation of school children in the city.
We are in the midst of a terrible disease war.
He said the PWD department has already appointed a consultant for the construction of the bridge which will be permanent and will not affect the existing bridge.
However, to date, we have not found any writing regarding the 'Advertisement' for the above – which we believe is a violation of the existing recruitment rules. put by the State Government," the party groups said.
Similarly, in the past few months, the associations of commercial trucks have been protesting for jobs in the transportation of goods from the cement factory. The cement factories have bought and installed their own trucks to transport and leave the goods.
These are the farming methods that have improved the farming methods that the farmers have higher income and have also been able to improve their agriculture.
There are also some foods you can include to improve thyroid function.
These foreigners said that they had informed them about the ban on working, farming, trading and not getting trading licenses, because the Syiem of Sohra, has not given any approval.
As an encouragement to the youth, KSU Eastern Ri-Bhoi won a cash prize of Rs 40,000 and a trophy while Kynjoin Umran won the trophy. 20,000 cash prize and a trophy.
In the replay match, Lion Sports & Youth Affairs won the tie breaker 5-3 against West Madan Mustem.
In particular, on behalf of the Seng Khasi Kmie, we would like to extend our special congratulations to all of you and apologize that we cannot name each and every one of them, but we send you our best wishes. May the Lord God bless you all with all your blessings and peace and happiness. , tyrsaw, dangers, injuries, tyrut, smer, raibi and that He may forgive and deliver from corruption, bampong, deceit, ha thak, thanksgiving, lies and all sins, that you I wish you all the best and that you will continue to carry the burden of this Seng Khasi, which is loved by the gods. May God the Lord, the Creator, the Creator from above, from below, protect, protect, build and be with you all.
Therefore, the Union invites all SMCs to come together on the 26th November 2016 at Christ Disciple Girls Secondary School Upper New Nongstoin to take the approval to submit to the Government.
That misunderstanding becomes a source of discrimination against women and exclusion of men.
I demand that the reference from the Meghalaya Government should go to the Supreme Court under Article 131 of the Constitution of India on the land grabbing,” he said.
The party has taken the responsibility to carry forward the vision of PA Sangma (Bamkwai ha Dwar u Blei) the founder of the NPP to become one of the national parties.
However , Titos said that until today , the new factory has not been operational and there are no signs that the new factory will operate Thanks to the people of Sohra.
The Secretary of the MC is responsible for one or more schools, because there are such schools.
On this occasion, the Governor visited all the rooms of the hospital and met with the patients and asked and talked to them.
“After we came from Delhi (protest at Jantar Mantar), we went to meet the Prime Minister to demand that Khasi should be made the official language, at the same time to write to the Minister of Home Affairs. “We are preparing an Official Bill to amend the Khyrnit Baphra to include the Khasi Language and other languages,” said the President of KAS, Dr. DRL Nonglait. God.
According to the driver of the truck, who claimed to be the brother of Bah Roning, they were on their way back from Laitlyngkot to put their cows in a place. ha Pynursla where they were found by the BSF troops who forced them to stop a little farther from their truck.
The video was released by Sharma's son, who is himself the Deputy Commissioner of the Income Tax Department, in which he lodged a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs and demanded that he be punished. which is stronger than thy father, who is a strong woman.
In his speech, the CEM explained that the jaitbynriew has been divided into three parts; the Word, the earth, the shyiap, and the counting of the seed.
It was also decided to increase the fee to T.10,000 per Centre, from 15th November
The decision comes six years after the Allahabad High Court decided to divide the 2.77 acre land between three groups, including Ram Lalla, the Sunni Waqf Board. and Nirmohi Akhara.
Commander Shangpliang, President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) today celebrated the National Labor Day of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU). This is the first time that the celebration of the Day of the Day Workers in Shaid Shaid Umoid Village, South West Khasi Hills District has been held. Many of the day laborers don't even know that this day is a special day for the day laborers, said Bah Shangpliang.
He said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has led all the political parties in which Dr Mukul Sangma has also signed not to accept the CAB but the MP alone from Tura supports it and thus has deceived them. public state.
In addition, MeCEL has ordered the payment of the same monthly electricity bill.
Children with disabilities will have the opportunity to participate in schools from primary to higher education, with the support of teachers who have been trained in various disabilities, resource centres, accommodation, medical supplies, technological equipment and other support according to their needs.
Meanwhile, in the men's category, the competition continues to be strong.
Regarding the ban on slaughter of cows by the KJBWA, when the reporter inquired, it was found that the amount of money to circulate in the Khasi Hills alone will be about 4,55,00000 rupees per day. It will affect more than 4000 employees of the owners.
This was announced by Edward Kurbah, General Secretary.
The VPP has already announced Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon as its MP candidate from Shillong and the NPP has nominated MLA of East Shillong Constituency Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh who is also a Minister of State to contest from Shillong. From Shillong, the NPP has re-elected Agatha K. Sangma, the incumbent MP from Tura.
There was also a choir competition and about 50 groups have applied and five have been selected, he said.
Shillong: The construction of the Cancer Wing, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that 95 percent of the construction of the Cancer Wing has been completed. The facility is still being used as a treatment center for those infected with COVID-1
The Upper Shillong Road, has caused a lot of trouble to the drivers and has increased the daily traffic jam, especially in the morning, which is the time when vehicles coming from from all over the Khasi Hills, they went to Iewduh.
At the same time, she informed that in July she will meet with doctors, village leaders and Bah Hamlet to discuss how to speed up the work.
The city is pure gold, like precious stones.
As the public, they have their own part to play in reducing the pollution of the air by using electric vehicles.
Shillong, Nailur 12: A Night Super bus (AS-01FC-0445) from Guwahati has collided with another vehicle at Umling, Ri-Bhoi district.
The articles taught in the minor schools at that time were those that had been translated into Khasi from short articles from the religious books they had brought.
As soon as Lydia entered the kitchen, he said, “I don't like to see that man coming here more and more.
The party will continue to monitor this.
“The PDF stands firmly against the proposal to hand over to the REC, for the implementation of some parts of MeECL, because the PDF stands for the benefit of the people of the state. “Especially the MeECL employees who have worked for many years and if the government ignores the will of the people, the PDF will take strong action,” he said.
Shillong: Nine more BSF personnel have tested positive for Covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma today said on his Facebook page.
One of the things that many people do is to secretly give money to buy votes for you and me.
Three of the four injured are residents of Barpetta, Assam and these have suffered 10% to 40% injuries.
Vilas Rikkala, who is based in Hyderabad, has won a prize money worth Dh15 million (USD 4.08 million).
Police sources said that after examination, it was found that the body belonged to a man who escaped from the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, identified as Starsis Langrin, 34 years old. map, from the village of Shallang.
“The problem is that the desire to re-divide the MDC constituencies and the time for the elections is too close,” the newspaper said.
The Union also requests all the residents of Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole to cooperate with the District Authorities and also to respect the curfew. that they should stay indoors, and not go out into the streets as they were commanded.
He said that this program is necessary to improve income especially in the rural areas.
All the residents of Nongjri who live outside the Nongjri Elaka are requested to attend this meeting so that this meeting will be a success.
She also urged the people who intend to visit Nongnah to respect the decision of the union not to use plastic, not to throw garbage and not to burn forest inside the village.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said that she will find out how to help the shopkeepers and said that she will hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Dong including the shopkeepers to discuss. They also discussed the ways and means to provide assistance to the shopkeepers so that they do not die of hunger or the MLA scheme to pay their salaries.
Earlier, she said that the Congress has not yet released them, but they have tried to impose rules.
He said that if it is too late, these refugees in the state will turn against the villagers and the local authorities as has happened in some refugee colonies.
A 30-year-old software engineer in Gurugram has died two days after the incident, according to the report. already written.
I have also mentioned the judicial powers which the Hima have and the judicial powers mentioned in the Administration of Justice Rules 1953, which may establish or appoint Khashari, Additional Subordinate Districts. Council Court.
Tina Lakiang, Secretary SMC RC Eve Secondary School Mihmyntdu, while speaking at a meeting held at the school, said that the school is one of the most important educational institutions in the country. The poor families and those who do not attend school or drop out of school part time have struggled as much as they can to attract the children to come to this school for the sake of education and and they shall be delivered from the wicked.
The leaders of the students' union will meet the Minister of Education to put forward their demands for the appointment of full time teachers for the morning shift, the opening of the girls hostel and the repair of the boy's hostel.
About 22.26 lakh voters have exercised their rights in the polling held on the 19th of this month, of which 11.27 lakh are women and 10.99 lakh are men.
The US government has also investigated and worked hard to find out whether the cause of the outbreak is really from the environment as the Chinese government has explained or from the National Institute of Health. Wuhan as the Chinese government has said.
But even if He cannot do all these things, it does not destroy His Greatness and Power, as many philosophers agree.
Pynshngaiñ also informed the House that many letters have been sent by the KHADC regarding the T.133 crore, which he said has been sent to the Adviser of the Ayog, to the “It's like the central government has sent it everywhere but it hasn't reached the right people. to be received" he said.
“I have already spoken to the CEM to announce the ticket in Umroi,” he said.
He urged the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma not to celebrate the 10th of June as April Fool's Day but to open it immediately.
This means that the newspaper lives to spread the truth, to inform the facts and to spread the symbols of truth.
The hard work of Rikman's team is evident in their ability to expand the party's offices in each constituency, the party said.
Secretary, MBSG, West Jaintia Hills said that the purpose of the World Scouts Scarf Day is to commemorate the founding day of the World Scouts Scarf Day. Lord Baden Powel for one of the Scout Camps held in 1907 on Brownsea Island and the World Scouts Scarf Day has been celebrated since 2007 which is also the 100th anniversary of the founding of Lord Baden Powel. Baden Powell joined the Scouts Movement.
The leading participants in the celebration of this special day of Longkmie, gave speeches to encourage and encourage us with stories that we must overcome the challenges in life that we face every day. .
In his opening remarks, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh urged the faithful to remember the newly consecrated Bishop in their prayers and also to Bishop Wilbert to be always faithful. pray for yourself.
The acceptance of online registrations has already been accepted since the second month of June.
The player was rushed by helicopter to Sydney Hospital, where doctors treated him but he was unconscious from the time he was brought to the hospital until his death. “I am deeply saddened by the death of Hughes, who has been missing since the second day, and before his death he had no illness and was surrounded by his relatives. said Dr. Peter Brukner, one of the team of doctors who treated Hughes.
The most important thing is that we should bring peace and harmony and not to have ethnic differences or to have any intention to bring division as citizens of our beloved Meghalaya. .
Patharkhmah Cricket Club, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 105 runs. Wicket in 19 overs.
The Secretary of the Legislative Assembly of KHADC said that the filing of nomination papers for the election of Chairman and CEM will be held on the first day and those who file their nomination papers should file before 12.00 pm. Registration will be held at 12.15 pm.
After a while in the second half, Nongkrem tried to play hard and it was in the 60th minute that Iumeda Mawroh scored the third goal.
Shillong, March 14: The session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start on Tuesday.
Tynring SC won their first Group-D of the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 by beating Rynjah SC 1-0 on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
Jesus spoke to a sinner, He went into the house of a sinner who was despised in the whole town.
The Church movement was great.
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has concluded that the U-10 Boys Under-10 Football League 2023 was held at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground on Tuesday. seven of which 4 matches have already been played on the Saturday of the week, i.e. 1 June 2023.
The meeting was also attended by Bah BJ Kharshandi, Project Director, DRDA as the chief guest in the presence of Dr. CJK Warjri, BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, VEC Mawtneng leaders and other dignitaries. resident of Mawtneng.
This applies to those teachers appointed on or after November 3, 2001.
The party workers in Shillong, believe that after the defeat of the NPP in Garo Hills, in the last MLA elections, there is no other way to save the party, but to PA Sangma will contest on his own in the upcoming elections.
“Thus saith God unto the house of Israel, YOU ARE MY ROAD AND WEAPON OF BATTLE: WITH YOU I WILL RULE THE NATIONS” Jeremiah 51:2
It is worth mentioning that in order to achieve the goal of connecting the people living in rural and border areas through the DD “FreeDish” platform, the Government has proposed to provide 1.5 units of Free Dish connection in the villages in the border areas.
The election to Tura Parliamentary constituency has been held after the death of MP Purno A Sangma on 4th October this year, more than 10 months after the election was announced.
With the establishment of this government, it was already a sign that the Garo friends have started to dominate the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Besides, it is unfortunate that before signing the MoU, the Meghalaya government has not informed or sought the support of the Hima Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars and the two District Councils.
Between 96 crore and 15 crore, how can a nation of only 15 lakh survive, survive and survive to this day, if it were not for the plan of God?
At the same time, Sanbor urged the Minister of Defense to extend the implementation of the Shillong Municipal Board Building Act to the areas under the Cantonment Area.
In the Under 14 boys category, Little Flower Higher Secondary School Ummulong will play against North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Government Boys Higher Secondary School will play against Moosachram UP School and The final match will be between RC Evening Secondary School and JNM Lamin.
Mairang, Naitung 14: The Hima Nongkhlaw has decided to postpone the Langstieh Market from the 16th to the 18th of this month.
Furthermore, Raliang Village has announced that it does not allow foreigners to sell goods by selling goods inside the village during this time of lockdown due to the spread of COVID-1
“The new Rangbah Shnong, Bah Rijied Kharkrang, has hated the 25 families since he won the Rangbah Shnong election by alleging that we don't accept him as the village leader and he has also alleged that we 25 families are Sohlah pyut. , a tree of stumbling and a stone of stumbling.
Now if the Central Government has taken a decision not to introduce and pass the Electricity (Amendment) Bill 2022 in Parliament on 8th July, 2022, it is a violation of the promise submitted in writing to Furthermore, CCORMAU said that despite the requests of the NCCOEEE and the All India Power Engineers Federation (AIPEF), ) The Central Government has not called for any discussion with the Engineers or the employees on the Electricity (Amendment) Bill
Ribhoi has 18 cases, West Garo Hills 10 cases and two deaths from East Khasi Hills.
Besides, a letter was posted on social media on 7th June informing about the reinforcement of the GNLA. that crime.
When Father Bernard Laloo Badonburom announced that the first recipient of the First Archbishop Dominic Jala Memorial Award is a person with visual impairments, it was a very special day for him. rejoice in me, when I hear this tidings.
Political parties should be vigilant not to instigate violence against the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo as happened in the conflict between the Khasi-Jaintia and Bengali in 1979 & 1992, Khasi-Jaintia and Nepali in 1986-1 1987.
Secondly, you say, “The Seng Khihlang holds a Lympung on the Sunday of the Christians”.
However, another memorable match of the tournament was the 1-0 defeat of Ladthadlaboh to Youth Club Pdengkarong at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai. In another match played today in Group A of the Shillong Zone, Umkseh FC have won the semi final of the MSL. to defeat the Jyntru by 3 to
The meeting was led by RBYF President Bah Donbor Nongbri, Secretary Tynshain Makri and leaders of RBYF Bhoirymbong.
On the other hand, the Principal expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank for providing assistance to improve and develop education.
Speaking to the beneficiaries, he said, “Continue to live in this nightmare and understand that you are fortunate to have such unprecedented opportunities.
We are fortunate to have the Constitution of India which protects all citizens in the country.
At Chiehruphi Stadium, Sutnga SSCC and Khliehriat West ended in a draw without any goals.
Most of the jobs are minor jobs and only a few are officer jobs.
The theft and cutting of cables has spread to Pynursla Dawki area and in the past few days, cables have been cut near Petrol Pump Pynursla, about 50 meters. and this has affected the mobile users in the area as a whole.
The adoption of this new Amendment Bill is necessary to amend the provisions of the Establishment of Town Committee Act-1960 according to the demands of the time.
Shillong: The BJP today elected Earnest Mawrie as its new president.
Shillong: 12,481 SSA teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya School Teachers Association have not received their salaries for four months as well as the eight month arrear for the year 2016-1
The goals were scored by Y. Maskut in the 7th minute, M. Maskut in the 25th minute and KPyrtuh in the 42nd and 47th minutes.
However, he said that this college, which is located in this area, is not easy to get assistance from the government, it needs trust, which sometimes or in many cases, political decisions are needed. , and said that the people need to have a Dy Chief Minister in terms of cooperation, because as a region we need, that the government should think of what is best.
The Prime Minister of New Zealand, Chris Hipkins, has expressed his deep sorrow over the plight of the people of the country at this time and sent his condolences to those who have lost their loved ones at this time.
The Union leader urged the leaders of the Union, Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor, Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoiñ and Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut, to convey to the government that it should resume the implementation of the project. the project and to be implemented within these years.
“The types of food items are according to the government's guidelines such as ja, dai, jhur, nutrela.
The question raised by the residents regarding the power outage even after the completion of the Umiam Dam is whether the high level power supply has started to smuggle electricity after they are no longer willing to use coal. The High Court is the judge.
The committee is conducting investigations into the allegation that Brij Bhushan has assaulted and tortured the women runners and has also threatened the players.
Shillong, June 28 : The speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday has put the MDCs of the party in a dilemma how to explain especially after the Chief Minister has already admitted that the The NPP MDCs have no part in taking the decision to appeal to the High Court on the social border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Reservation Policy was implemented in the 20th Century and has remained the same until the 21st Century despite many changes in the last 51 years.
For it is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. for there is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body" 1 Corinthians 15:4
Ampareen Lyngdoh said that although the peace talks fall under the jurisdiction of the Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong, who is in charge of the police department, the NPP and the NDA 2.0 government will make every effort to achieve this. peace talks will proceed.
Nongrem said that the meeting will be held at 11 am between the members of the Committee and the Sirdarship and Lyngdohship and at 2 pm the meeting will be held with the Syiemships. explain to pass their own Act to empower the Chief Executive Members.
This Government is exactly like those who went to the market to offer bniat hati while the Hati was still in the forest.
He said that although the students have their talents, the surprising thing is that the students from the indigenous communities of the state have not been able to pass the Civil Services Examination.
It is at this time that the candidate and his party are in need of medicine.
The most terrible evil in this age which degrades, destroys the family, the community, the society is alcohol (Proverbs 20:1, 23:20-21).
Who honors you,.
The law of circumcision is the law of the Jews.
The Church also invites all those who are not Mawlong, who are fellow believers or who belong to other faiths, but who have taken part in the fundraising for the rebuilding of the church. Since 2002 onwards, such as the distribution of Donors Cards, the production of Cassettes, the sale of Cassettes and the Donation to attend the event. day.
The ILP (Inner Line Permit) Act is desirable because it will protect the country and the nation.
Because according to the SOPs of the government regarding the people who go to and from the places of worship I see that the rules are very difficult to follow strictly as directed, where even the creators They cannot follow the rules exactly as they direct the religious leaders to explain to the faithful of the various religious groups.
Another common disease around the world is what I have called above the 'disease'
The renewal of the India-Bangladesh protocol on waterways and trade in 2015, which has happened for the first time since 1972, and the access to the Chhatogram and Mongla Ports of Bangladesh. the achievements of the Act East Policy.
At the same time, she expressed her satisfaction that the Physiotherapists course has been established at this university, where the students of the district who are interested in this line do not have to travel far away. parents.
From the summary, it can be understood that Thomas Jones stood alone to fight for the rights of the Khasi.
He said that the residents who own land on the border have received 80 per cent compensation for the 11 metres.
The BJP said the MP had missed the opportunity he had when he was in the cabinet, and said this showed his lack of self-confidence.
It will not come through pride, hatred, conflict, jealousy, war….
Mawlai SC, which was also the champion of the SSA Womens League last year, beat Laitkor Rngi SC by 10 points. to hold the title for 2 years.
“In this regard, we have also deployed Traffic Volunteers at all the Parking Lots and we request the owners of vehicles to cooperate in order to park their vehicles properly and to affect the traffic. wan of cars.
Today, Singh said there are 256 policemen who have tested positive for covid-19, 50 have recovered and 832 are in quarantine.
The patient was treated by Dr Syiem, but in the fight against the patient, he lost his hands and thus, he will not be able to treat people for some time. , until he has lifted up his hand.
He said the HYC also demands that all the contractual and casual employees should be employed by qualified youth and all the employees such as nurses who have worked for a long time in the hospital should be included.
After a few minutes, Mawlai also made a mistake in the same way, but as the ball went far away from Deibormame Tongper of Lajong, this mistake was a warning to the team.
FKJGP President Joe Marwein and KSU President Daniel Khyriem gave speeches on the occasion. of this border area.
It is also worth mentioning that the entry of Bah Balajied Ranee and his leaders has strengthened the UDP party in Nongpoh and Ri-Bhoi District where the leaders have also managed to win more than five seats. which constituency in Ri-Bhoi District.
Tyngshop (Ryan)'s phone number was wrongly given to him, where Ryan wanted to have a relationship with Molly, but the wrong number reached another girl. , that is, to Abby whom he didn't know, made the whole film shocking and shocked many to witness it.
From there the boy changed.
He said that God's call through this day is to go home by another road and forget the road you came from.
Nongpoh: Four prominent political parties in the state including the KSU, RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP from Ri Bhoi District, today, came out of the meeting and refused to speak even a few words during the meeting. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has called for a meeting to discuss the government's plan to connect the railway line from Assam to Ri Lum Khasi.
The CAU has announced that the examinations will start next month.
And as I have shown in previous chapters, the manure can be cow dung or leaves collected from those plants or trees called legumes in English, or dpei, or sh'ing fertilizer and others.
The heavy rainfall has caused flooding in many parts of Jerobad and has made small vehicles unable to pass through the NH-3 flooding of shops in the area.
Paul Lyngdoh today launched eight CCTV cameras installed in many parts of Quallapaty.
Before the match, a Mini Gallery was opened by the Chief Guest which was kindly built by the FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit for Nartiang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Minister in charge of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Friday said that the department has not yet reached the target of Phase-III of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) will be completed in November this year.
Many of them said, 'Sit down.
having canceled the written code with its regulations, which was against us, and stood against us; He took it away and nailed it to the cross, having disarmed them. powers and authorities, he made a public spectacle of them and triumphed over them by the cross. ).
The time, the place and the speech belong to the Jews.
May 2020, that because the US citizens are afraid only of the police, now in the midst of the coronavirus pandemic have come those bih fish called "Murder Hornets"
“The Iooksi PHC has been established by the government since 2002 and has provided services not only to Iooksi but to 12 villages as well as neighboring villages on the border of Assam and includes about 50 thousand people. residents,” said Landarson Sutnga.
“How does Dad work.
He said that the singers were opened through the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project.
In terms of development, Meghalaya has reached the bottom position according to the National Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI).
According to him, the Government will also discuss the need to reopen tourism.
Although no candidates from all these three political parties were present, the leaders of these parties gave their speeches.
On November 4, Gokhale issued a statement to the media alleging that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Commissioner & Secretary, Planning Department, Dr. D. Vijay Kumar, have used “The Meghalaya Age Limited has filed a complaint against the Chief Judicial Magistrate of East Khasi Hills under the 200 and 190 of the Criminal Procedure Code, 1973, to punish Gokhale for false publicity under Section 499, to punish Gokhale under Section 500 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860,” the statement said. to Commissioner & Secretary.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO) has urged the Village Authorities, Sengbhlang and Nokma to be vigilant following the arrest of 14 Nigerians by the East Jaintia Hills Police. to monitor and verify persons who suspect their citizenship.
For more information, please send an email to dc-ekh-meg@nic.
St Anthony's Higher Secondary School and Iewrynghep Secondary School won the Under-17 Boys' and Girls' category.
He said that nothing can be said yet on the post of Speaker of the House as it will be discussed in the MDA with the participation of all the allies from the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and independent MLAs.
Referring to the Congress' attempt to win the constituency, Marcuise N. Marak said the NPP has no objection to it as the election of leaders depends on the will of the people. who know who the leaders are for the Lok Sabha.
“All the government electricity schemes including the Saubhagya Scheme to provide electricity to all the villages, the Jal Jeevan Mission, health, education and others are being implemented within the district. ," said Ma Damewanhi.
Sikkim is more prone to landslides at such times as recorded and this landslide occurs during heavy rains in which many of the implementations in relation to and quarrying or road cutting landslides occur from parts of the hills especially in these regions.
The presence of vitamin A in this fruit also helps to cure dry eyes, cataracts and ulcers.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the question of postponing the roster will not arise again.
It is learned that the truck was intended to smuggle drugs.
Similarly, Bah Ban James Basaiawmoit said that many parties have come and gone, but that does not depend on any party because it depends on the person how he leads the party.
She said that the blood of Bah Che not only covers the family of Bah Che but covers the whole country and the nation.
For Atta, the price of Atta is T.8.50p per kilo.
The camp will include Covid-19 vaccination, registration of employees who are not yet registered in the employees' union through e-Shram, registration for Aadhar card and connection. Aadhaar cards for those who hold Ration Cards.
Meghalaya has implemented a three-pronged approach to combating the disease – identifying carriers, strengthening health care facilities and improving the capacity of the community to fight against this disease.
The question is how far have these factories been able to employ the youth of the State in the last 25 years? While we are angry and angry, our rulers are busy thinking of handing over Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) to a private company from abroad and soon Bah Wailaidmiki Shylla, its head. MCCL, will leave for Kolkata to negotiate with Bhavika Commercial Private Limited.
On the other hand, the JYF said that the government's decision to expel Bah Dkhar from West Jaintia Hills is a great loss to the district as he is one of the district leaders who has worked hard to bring about development in the district. par and also working hard to maintain peace and order in the District.
Ardent said that so far the VPP has confirmed 14-15 candidates for the 2023 elections, who are ready and there are still those who have proposed to contest from the VPP but Because the party stands on a foundation that cannot be changed, it is not easy to give tickets while some people apply.
The union demanded that the man should be punished and sentenced to life imprisonment for threatening her relatives and children from the house.
There have been more than 16 leaks of questions for the recruitment examinations," Joshi told reporters.
The purpose of the celebration of Anna Day in 2016 is to achieve the 17 goals that they need for tomorrow and to benefit these people. you phad you anna.
There are 131 recoveries, including 86 from East Khasi Hills and 77 from the public.
Doctors work up to 100 hours a week and this treatment of them is very sad, said Dr Tony.
On the other hand, the Mawlai Town Dorbar has said that until now, foreigners have not been allowed to stay in Mawlai Village. The Mawlai Town Dorbar will strongly oppose the proposal to build a market in this area because even now the owners of the market are foreigners. .
“These four persons including Bin Raliang, Jo Khar, Head Myria, Sati Myrna and Bait Phalyngki came to commit the attack on the 18th of June. this year," she said.
When Ramhah learned of this, he went to eat, but the owner pretended that nothing was wrong and gave Ramhah food and meat until he ate. and he covered it with a lyngkhot.
Try not to eat too much or eat unhealthy foods.
This is the second time that the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police have seized drugs in the district and the first time since the district was independent.
The CAG report said that the health department takes up to two years to allocate funds from the state finance department to call tenders and issue work orders.
He said that the world has become a competition for students to go to higher education. He said that parents don't send them to school anymore. Their children are not expected to get government jobs after graduation, because now they should not expect to get government jobs but if they have knowledge they can do many other jobs. type of work.
This is the man of sin, the son of perdition, who makes a covenant with Israel with the intention of killing them all.
The road from Mawiong to Laitkor has been blocked.
The time has not allowed the name of 'Khasi u Bam ka Kot' to continue until this present generation and the time has demanded that the Jaidbynriew should wake up from its slumber.
During the meeting, they discussed how to restore peace and order in these border areas, which have been in turmoil in the past few days in Khanduli village.
The program will be launched at Swahid Mukunda Kakoty Civil Hospital in Nalbari on July 14 and will be implemented at nine other hospitals on July 20,
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games 2020 are underway with more than 1700 athletes from across Meghalaya taking part in many sports ranging from football, swimming, boxing and others.
He said that there is a way to control the situation whether they are disruptors of peace and those involved in crime and drug trafficking because the law also has to do.
“How can the Government refuse to call for talks with the HNLC, which has been expressing from time to time that it wants to come for peace talks?” said Bah Process.
They understand the importance of agriculture and have heard of the food crisis that has begun to sweep the world.
“In politics and activities, we will often be criticized and insulted, don't listen to those words but we should work and move forward,” said Bah Kit.
We would like to express our gratitude to Fr Martin Shylla, Fr Simeon Sungoh, Fr Pascal Lyngdoh, Fr John Wahlang, Fr ​​Lawrence Nongkseh and Fr Kenny Pakma.
L. Gilbert Shullai (Relief Church), TBn.
The inspection was led by Tony Shylla, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi, in the presence of other members of the HYC from Ri Bhoi. , they found that the students, both male and female, used it as a place to drink Kyiad and drink Sikret.
Regarding this issue, the union urges the NHAI or PWD to repair this road as soon as possible, before any tragic incident happens. it is the source of economic growth, income generation and comfort for tourists especially in case of illness.
In this regard, the new additional office building of the Council will be completed on December 5,
The race was organized by the Roshni Foundation, in which the participants came from all over the country and the length of the venue was 1500m.
Namrup District DSP Naba Kumar Borah said the three men had attended the service and according to the rules they could not speak.
On the future of the TMC in this election, the UDP candidate said, “What they want will be what they get”.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : A 27-year-old drug dealer, Vicky Shabong, resident of Pynthor Block-I, Shillong, has escaped from the hands of police while they were leading them to leave. medical check-up at Shillong Civil Hospital.
The school will be taught by skilled teachers including Lily Kharpran, a teacher who speaks almost all languages ​​from Assamese, Bengali, Nepali and others.
“If it is due to the electricity supply, it will happen, because during these hours, the electricity supply is not working, because the electricity supply is on until 7 pm, that is also the reason why the electricity supply is not available. The owners of these shops and these shops have been destroyed by the enemy,” said the owners of these shops.
According to a source, police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and the postmortem examination of the deceased has been completed. which is in accordance with the law.
At this place which is one of the tourist attractions of the Kharsati Nature Park, this year the truck race which is not inside the road but inside the park will be very different this year. .
In a petition submitted to the Chief Minister, the union also warned that if the Government does not release the five month salary after the final report, the SSA teachers from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills will lose their salaries. The All Garo Hills SSA School Teachers' Association (AGHSSASTA) has decided to hold an indefinite strike from the 15th of this month at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong.
Bible scholars have found that those slaves included not only the Hebrews but also other nations who were slaves to the Pharaohs of Egypt.
“If you are just an invitee to the Sengbhalang, we too have to defend our right to ownership in our country,” said Bah Louis.
On the other hand, he urged and encouraged the youth and others who have talent in writing to showcase their talents.
He said that the union has seen with its own eyes that the people or public vehicles passing through the bridge have to wait from side to side for their turn to pass. The reason for this is that public vehicles can no longer pass freely due to the fact that the bridge has collapsed.
Many anti-social incidents have happened in our state since the outbreak of this disease.
It was also heard and recorded on the camera that these foreigners threatened the police to shoot and beat the people by shouting 'Maro Maro Sale.
"If the facts are found that Russia and Qatar's participation in the World Cup in recent years is due to the use of vote buying, these countries will not be able to host the World Cup," Scala told reporters. A reporter today said that it has not been confirmed yet.
The Minister in charge of Education, Rakkam A Sangma in the presence of Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L. Tongkhar, Himalaya Shangpliang and others. The program was held to honor the athletes of Sngap Syiem College who have brought glory to the College and the district by winning the NEHU Inter College Athletics Championships 2023, in the men's and women's category. It was held in Shillong.
The marathon-cross country was organized in collaboration with the DSO, WJH as part of the Azadi celebrations of Amrit Mahotsav or the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence.
I would like to point out that the Police Department in Meghalaya is very weak.
The SP said police are awaiting information on the incident.
He said that the slave means that it is the reward that parents give to their sons as a reward for their hard work to build and support the household before they leave. ïng man.
In conclusion, the Minister expressed his special gratitude to the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme, Malaria Elimination Drive and the ICMR for providing assistance for the in the state of Tripura.
The words "dabar" and "logos" are related to another Hebrew word "hokmah", which means wisdom.
Many ethnic groups were not part of the Indian Empire for that reason. Not all Indians were Hindus.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Friday admitted that not all the MLAs who have resigned from the Congress party will continue to win the elections like the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong, who won after switching from the Congress party to another party.
Leader Paia Dkhar has been appointed as the Litigation Secretary of FKJGP.
A waterfront or boat pond will also be built where people can walk and sit.
“We will also demand from the central government to exempt Meghalaya from the CAB as it is not enough only in the sixth schedule,” he said.
Pet traders in Shillong and surrounding areas can witness for themselves the market filled with various goods from countries like Egypt, Thailand, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
This is in accordance with the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of Savelife Foundation v. Union of India and in Writ Petition (Civil) No. 235 of 2012 through its order dated 29th March, directed the Central Government to issue guidelines relating to the protection of Good Samaritans or military personnel until the Central Government has enacted its own law; And because the Central Government feels the need to protect the rescuers from being punished for their charitable deeds to rescue the victims of car accidents, the Central Government has issued these guidelines that hospitals, the police and other relevant authorities should follow for the protection of the helpers, namely:-.
In the second match, Cricket Lovers won by six wickets against Hurdles CC. Hurdles CC also won the toss and elected to bat first. Ricky Stone Nongbet top scored for Cricket Lovers with 29 runs from 26 balls and Prem Lama scored 113 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs. he took 2 wickets in 4 overs.
In the last MLA elections, the BJP won 90,000 votes in Tura.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya on 30th June met with the Director General of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang and discussed many issues related to the activities of the ABVP. work within the State and the country as a whole.
The new cases include 8 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from South West Garo Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills and .
The celebration of this beautiful and peaceful city through the beautifully designed evening held at the Taj Vivanta, was held through the designer Jenjum Gadi.
Therefore, it is the duty of the Government of India, the State Government and the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to continue to protect and preserve the unique customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia/Hynniewtrep people as mentioned in The IOA & AA said that the drafters of the Constitution of the country had a limit to respect the provisions of the IOA & AA and the rights of the Khasi-Jaintia/Hynñiewtrep to protect their customs. -special customs by including in the Constitution the provisions to protect and preserve the special customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia/Hynñiewtrep by including certain provisions in the Constitution Article 29, Article 244 and Schedule 6 of the Constitution.
Chidambaram said the decline in per capita income of ₹ 99,694, down 8.2 per cent from last year, shows that Indians have poor twice, than they were two years ago.
However, in Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Mizoram, Manipur and others, we have been protected by the ILP Act, but the Government of India has not allowed us and does not want to talk about it.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : Shillong Lajong FC have moved up to the top of Group C of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after beating Mawten FC 5-1 MDSA Ground in Mawkyrwat on Tuesday.
According to these Rangbah including the babu who teach schools in this area, the Khadar rule in this area is very slow because the authorities within the Hima Mynsaw (formerly Raid Mynsaw) where these There is only a power struggle between the Syiem appointed by the District Council and the former ruler of Raid Mynsaw.
“To meet the requirements for the construction of sports facilities in the state is one of the priorities to be achieved by the present government.
The KHADC is also one of the Councils with 19 MDCs contesting the MLA elections.
In Sri Lanka, Modi has also asked the President of Sri Lanka to award the contract to Adani.
However, just before the end of the first half, Lajong scored the third goal through Deibor Mame in the 90+3 minutes.
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur under the leadership of Ma Deolangki Dkhar Waheh Shnong have sent a letter to the company which is constructing this road, GR Infra Projects Ltd.
Shillong: 'World is Yours' (WY) is a new drug that has been launched in Shillong.
The flood victims expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister who has been willing to provide assistance for them in which they have been able to survive as they are now thanks to the support of the government.
“We will discuss such issues again with the Union Minister in charge of Electricity as he has already said that he is ready to meet us and listen to our concerns,” said Mondal.
Punjab Chief Minister Usman Buzdar said the Punjab government has tested 13,380 people so far.
At present, it is clear that the rules of procedure in the Legislative Assembly are too slow due to the fact that many of the candidates who won the elections are not properly educated and educated.
The residents of Jowai and the state have joined the country in the Janta Curfew from 7 am to 9 pm today to fight against the spread of Coronavirus. , who is pure sted well.
On the other hand, after inspection, the union found that even the rules laid down for the cleaning of this road have been violated by the contractor and that the contractor has not built the road. that the water may not flow.
The farmers have called for a curfew tomorrow, November 8, 2020 to protest against three Bills passed recently by the Legislative Assembly of India which affect the livelihood of the farmers. smallholder farmers throughout India.
Kynshi, Nailar 08: U Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan and Minister of State, has urged the Sordar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs and Religious Leaders to work together to urge the Villages not to issue NOCs to Open wine stores in Mawthadraishan Constituency and in the state as a whole.
Although the five Congress MLAs who have been suspended are members of the MDA government, at the meeting held on the 6th of this month, the BJP candidate They came to Shillong to seek the support of these five MLAs who were not invited to the meeting.
Ardent's remarks came after the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) rejected the government's proposal to relocate 3432 households from Mawlong Market to the Shillong Municipal Board.
These include steps towards more open laws and regulations, national policies to promote ownership, and the use of Aadhaar for authentication.
The Tura Campus authorities have decided to inform the NEHU authorities about the incident. Various organizations have held a protest in Guwahati today against the shooting. of a Muslim, in Biswanath (Assam).
Nongpoh: The State Bank of India (SBI) Byrnihat Branch will be temporarily closed from the 4th to the 10th of this month due to lack of employees.
RSS header here.
There are about 70 policemen in the camp. This is not the first time that Meghalaya Police have been destroyed by natural forces. in 2016 when there was a flood.
Non-Indians cannot register with the NPR but will be registered later when they return to live in India.
It has become a defeat for the people of the area in all aspects.
“It’s important to pick up the win.
He said that if necessary, the government will also install 45 LPM plants in CHCs and PHCs, as these 45 LPM plants can be built within 10 hours when the machines arrive.
Speaking to media, Zenith Sangma said, “How can they remove one low ranking officer and appoint another low ranking officer? This clearly shows that it is only a burden on the officers to act according to the will of the people in power.
According to Bah Batskhem, the policy should have been revised for a long time to ensure that the rules and regulations will be fair between the two ethnic groups. The Khaddar Government has refused to take the responsibility to propose the need to review the reservation policy.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of MeECL Suppliers and Contractors (JACMSC) today met with the Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma, regarding the dismissal of contractors in the state.
Lanmang is a youngster who has been helped to develop his new talent by the Pay For Right Football Academy (PFR) since 2018 through Elias Dhar.
He also showed himself being photographed with his helicopter passengers and eating food, possibly on the ground floor of UCC College.
The Minister also said that urban areas like Williamnagar and Resu should be able to host the Meghalaya Games in the coming days.
Once they have decided at a party meeting, that decision will be binding on the party leaders and workers.
The government should have gone to Delhi before the election to get a new battalion.
“As there are many issues to be discussed, we will have to use the time wisely and ensure that it will not be a wasteful discussion so that the participation will be fully from all the members of the House. Against and from the Ruling Party,” Sangma said.
After the monitoring of the employment opportunities for educated youth in the state, the two organizations admitted that there is a good gap in the MRB bank and found that in the state for the purpose of scale work. -1 Officer except for Scheduled Tribes and the majority for General Category up to 6 and 2 for Scheduled Castes.
After the dissolution, he said that the office has been reopened, but the union will continue to monitor what the FCI will do in the future.
Be of good cheer, for your hard work will not be in vain.
He also encouraged that as parents, they should also have time to talk and ask their children what kind of friends they have, because in this age, their children learn many things. not only from their parents or teachers but they also learn about many things through their friends and if they get good friends they become good and if they get bad friends they become bad and their lives shall be destroyed.
On the 15th of this month, Lastmale B. Marak, Headmaster of Malchapara SSA UP School, lodged a complaint that on the 15th of this month, unidentified robbers broke into the office of SSA UP School. Solar batteries worth T.5,500/- each, 3 UPS (LCD) worth T.7,000/- each and one Zeb-U725 worth T.5,000/- each.
Giving special gifts to the youngest daughter is wrong, because we no longer respect those above who saw the sun and the moon first.
The time has come for a group of intellectual women of the nation to think once again and raise a louder voice on the role of women in the administration, in the villages and in the dorbars. different aspects of society, because to reveal too much in front of others of more special aspects, can lead to different feelings.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Khongbuh said, “If the party does not have a place, the Dong Neng Gate Pynursla is ready to provide a place for up to 500 people to argue in front of the witnesses of the public. the media; the reasons why he and others who are concerned about the welfare, to demand the removal of Bhushal from Pynursla"
He stressed that all those who are concerned should work together to achieve the goal.
Speaking to reporters after conducting a meeting of the National Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) at the Constitution Club of India, New Delhi on Tuesday, National President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said: “The NPP is disappointed with the situation in Manipur.
Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony, Bah Synshar said that a new era has begun in Sohiong for development works, and he continued to monitor the ongoing work of his mother. who passed away, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
However, this is not the case, the development works and benefits provided by the Government are the rights of the citizens and these rights are financed from the money of the citizens.
Traders don't drive in the morning because they are afraid of being arrested by the police,” said Manik Sarma, Additional DC Kamrup.
At this meeting, the leaders of the group led by President Bah Mantiphrang Giri Lyngdoh, decided to give three months to the management of MeECL to implement the demand. it's been a long time since I've been there.
In the match, Infantino stood firm in the same position he had held all along without any opposition, making himself re-elected as the leader of the union. although he was not very well known around the world among the members of the Associations for several reasons, including his struggle to persevere in the failure. to realize the vision for holding the World Cup tournament every two years instead of once in four years.
Shillong, June 25: U Bah VG Kynta, Chief Muktiar of the State, on Tuesday said that it is very difficult for the State Government to evict the people living in Them Ïewmawlong. He said that if the Government doesn't have the right to evict the Harijans living in Them Ïewmawlong, it can file a Civil Suit in the High Court.
If I am not mistaken, this meeting was held at Laitlyngkot and the meeting discussed the problems faced by them in relation to the implementation of the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Concession Rules,
Across the districts, 109 posters, 248 public places, 228 banners and 440 public places have been removed.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body will continue to direct the Districts, Circles and Units of the Federation across the state to continue to issue Trading Licenses. , Work Permit and Labor License to prevent foreigners from entering the state illegally without proper documents and proof to curb the illegal entry of Mynder. from abroad and from abroad as well.
Let us rely on that discussion as Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has promised in the media that he will hold a discussion on the Roster System and Reservation Policy 1972, after the end of the elections. MLA in Sohiong constituency soon after 15th June, 2023, and also with the intention to invite all the members of the MDA, and all the political parties, all the political parties from different regions and will invite spirit to the Religious Leaders.
The Minister was accompanied by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai, President Alan Niangti, General Secretary Requoma Rq Laloo, Waheh Shnong of Mynthong, JSU leaders. President Jersom Shylla, Secretary Treiborlang Suchen and members.
Shillong, July 27: U MLA of 19th Shillong South, Bah Sanbor Shullai today afternoon led a group of Nursing graduates to the Secretariat to meet with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. on the problems they face.
This came after Bah Ardent and three MLAs and party supporters took to the streets to continue the protest to force the government to reinstate the other officers who have been sacked from the party. Meghalaya Local Government.
The CSWO has questioned the police department why it cannot prosecute three policemen including the OC and his followers, Claipson M Marai, UB Constable and Basan Lama, UB Constable. MPRO Operator.
KSU Wapung led by Hamieh Dkhar in the presence of Shwari Ryngkhlem, Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem and Senmon Siangshai.
Shillong, July 08: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has already prepared for the mid-term MDC elections in all constituencies.
Referring to the beginning of their relationship in 2019 when Samla Namika Haloi was in love with him as a football player in Bangalore and gradually they met and had a relationship until that they have made a great decision to be together in order to build a new family like others even though they have that disability because they cannot see.
“The order of the District Council to remove the Schedule Tribe status from Khasi children who give their jait to their father is illegal.
Summing up the speech of the KSU leaders and the village leaders of Umiam, they said that the incident happened only because the manager of the factory, who went to warm up all the workers. workers of these factories in Umiam to hold the strike.
“The government has not allowed the Lat to sign the ILP Act, Clan Bill and Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill which have been sent by the Council,” he said.
One of these dreams of my father was to bring a Civil Sub Division here.
We pray that the Creator will bless you all from behind because you have lost your loved one.
Media reports said that the BJP leaders in Delhi have been able to appoint Ma Shibun as the leader of the party. They once again promised to work together to strengthen the BJP in the state.
Lyngdoh Maram Sports Club and Mawkarah Sports Club have won the Second Division League 2023 Football Tournament held by the Pyndengumiong District Sports Association on Saturday at Madan Dommaw.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) in a statement issued by S.Shadap, President of the Southern Border Youth Association (SBYWA) has urged the MLA Sutnga-Saipung Constituency to help. Immediate delivery of relief goods to the India-Bangladesh border villages including Hingaria, Huroi, Leijri, Leilong, Borsara, Kwator, Borkhat and other border villages.
He said he personally supported the Congress candidate in the last MLA election but did not join the Congress.
Rupang today spoke to an MDC of the HSPDP who went to meet with the party and in the meeting u Bah Morningstar Mawsor said, “We went to meet because we saw that the HSPDP CEM has taken good issues, we support his issues, we don't demand anything, but in the speech the CEM has told us that he will give one EM seat to the UDP, one to us. and one for KHNAM,” said Bah Morning.
We should also remember the words of the Buddha, “We become what we think”.
but they have not threatened me.
He urged the government authorities to take action by providing assistance to the residents especially at this time.
He said that the installation of gates at the border areas will not prevent the infiltration of foreigners and the government will not be able to install police forces every 5 km or 10 km, but only through the vigilance of the village authorities and local authorities can the infiltration of foreigners into the villages be prevented.
Earlier, the Seng would like to remind the people of Hynniewtrep that the HNLC was founded on 14th July 1987 and thus it will celebrate its 35th anniversary on 14th July
Festival: means tamahoi festival, the color of the tamahoi festival is the color of the festival, the color of the taw is the color of the festival. sing and dance.
Shillong, November 11: The Association of Qualified Grade-IV Candidates 2011 in East Khasi Hills District has staged a protest from time to time to force the government to appoint them.
Many couples decide to always have only two children because they don’t see the problem of supporting their children’s schooling.
The All Sohkha Development Committee was established in 1994 with four committee, Sohkha Mission, Sohkha Village, Sohkha Phlang and Sohkha Model/Mathmat.
Furthermore, the report said that the top three teams from each of the two groups of the World Cup; Bangladesh will play against Pakistan, who are the top seed outside the 6th round. straight to the field.
The third part of the beginning of democracy was the revolution to bring about a change in the rule of law, the French Revolution in
Earlier, Bah Pynshngain, who had decided not to cooperate with the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma on the grounds that he had conspired to introduce a ban on ar maloi to kill him and not taking action to pass the law. “We have lost confidence in Dr Mukul Sangma because under his leadership, the government has not “We have not been able to resolve the issues of the people regarding the ban on coal mining and shyiap mining,” said Bah Pynshngain.
After winning the toss, SCA B scored 242/7 in 30 overs.
In a meeting with the doctor of the PHC in Pamrapithlu, the doctor pointed out that there are still many shortcomings in the PHC, where the ambulance is old and has been damaged. There is a need for a new ambulance so that the PHC can provide better services to the people.
Shillong: The State Government has spent Rs 170 crore through the Special Purpose Vehicle Society to provide development works to the villages within a radius of 150 km of Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Limited (LUMPL). Nongtrai-Shella, East Khasi Hills.
“The issue of food price increase is complex but there should be measures to resolve it in order to stop corruption, illegal activities if any and the government should take action on this issue,” said Bah. George.
Parents are no longer able to control their children because most of the youth say that they have to look at articles and explanations on the internet for their projects.
He said that the incidents in the eastern parts of India have been happening and it has been seen that such criminals do not suffer any punishment. your victory.
SoSo Tham passed away on November 18, 1940 and lived for only 67 years.
In the list for the year 2020-2021, it was found that there are 1168 farmers who have received this scheme. Xerox your handwriting or copy through the Register line.
However, later she realized the mistake and misused the government's power against the fundamental rights of the residents and apologized for not doing so again. She violated human rights and returned as Prime Minister of India once again until she was shot dead by her own home security police in
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: A company has excavated land at Mawlangria, near Mawïawtep village, about two kilometers from Rambrai Mawdoh road. They also said that they will not allow the mining company to operate, because there is no drinking water.
CCIB leaders Sukjai Myrchiang Chairman and Kmen Myrchiang Secretary were also present but they were not included in the meeting as only the Sordars were invited.
The HNLC also demanded that the Government should agree to forgive all the charges against the leaders otherwise the HNLC could withdraw from the peace talks.
On the other hand, the union also urged the government to turn to the villagers as well, in terms of roads and as it is now it is doing what is necessary even in the midst of many shortcomings. the people want the government to do so.
Therefore, the State Government has decided to find ways and means to connect the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District but this too has been strongly opposed by the people.
He urged the parents and the public to give their full support to the FKJGP Sawsymper Circle in any way so that this initiative will be of benefit and the blessing of the poor that the organization has to do something for them.
As soon as the Ninth seal was opened, there was silence in Heaven for half an hour.
Similarly, public meetings as usual in different parts of the Khasi/Jaintia Hills will continue, said a statement from Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Genl.
Speaking to u SP Ri Bhoi District, Bah GD Kharwanlang, said that the police will make every effort to arrest the robbers who were involved in the attack on the weighbridge. With the help of CCTV cameras, the police will soon be able to arrest these robbers.
The CAB, 2016 was passed with the aim of expanding the boundaries of Hindutva and developing the BJP and its master, the RSS; by counting the feelings of the rich who are the owners of the land.
They also chanted 'No Vice Chancellor, No Rest'
So far, the internet shutdown in Manipur has lasted more than a month.
At present, Bah Lapang himself has gone to support the PDF Party from Umsning Constituency and on his support to the PDF from Umsning Constituency, many say that he was bought at a high price. pain.
According to the girl, she went to meet these men as friends, but when she reached a house she was given drugs and raped by ringing. video from your mobile phone.
He immediately lodged a complaint with the Waheh Shnong of Kyndong Tuber village regarding the refusal of the staff of the Dispensary to treat him. He said that the Waheh Shnong doesn't have the benefit of having a hospital and shouldn't close it completely.
Three children have lost their lives after drowning in the Khowai River at about 11:00 pm on Tuesday, the Tripura government said. 00 am in the morning.
Furthermore, the two matches between India and Pakistan and all other Super Four Games can be played in Pallekele or Galle; The Asia Cup is expected to be held in November this year.
“After the meeting, the Union leaders decided to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah for the improvement of this road,” he said.
At the same time, private vehicles have been warned not to park near the Weigh Bridge at Shangbangla.
The NPP and UDP are the ones who are building the high and low level. The NPP is misusing the government money. to spend the election.
(It is necessary for scholars of history to investigate this).
The farmer saw that the cows with their Luta had fallen from the wounded cow.
Earlier, Prof. Shukla in a statement called for talks with the MCTA to resolve the concerns of the party on the NEP-2
He also contested the MLA elections in 1962 and held this post until his death.
To ensure that the works of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang will go smoothly, Lamphrang of the Legislative Assembly has convened a special meeting to discuss this issue last month. month in which officers from various departments attended.
To raise awareness among the voters, the ECI officials have launched the 'Super 6' or seven targets to be implemented which include the comfort of the elderly voters, the comfort of the to encourage women to participate in elections, cleanliness in the implementation of EVM-VVPATs and free participation of youth.
The Forum has also prepared detailed and specific recommendations which it will submit and request for advocacy through the case to be held in the NGT Court on 31st July 2017, in New Delhi. benefit not only to the coal workers and traders but also to respect and preserve the environment.
He also praised the MDA government for taking special initiatives to improve health and development through various schemes without forgetting the former leader who has paved the way and worked hard. for the fulfillment of this evil dream.
Shillong: Following the strike by vehicle drivers against the high price of petrol and diesel which has affected the state government's silence on the issue, a petrol pump in Polo area, has closed down. The government has joined hands with this protest to support the drivers by closing down the pertol pump.
Speaking on the occasion, Pariat said the NPP has no intention of abolishing the Autonomous District Councils and the Sixth Schedule if it comes back to power in the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong, March 09: According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in the country, the credit-deposit ratio of banks should not be 60 per cent. Bank debt was only 30.31 percent according to the 2017 record.
She said that the state government and on her part, have been informing and requesting the central government to release the salary but till now it has not released and this is the problem faced by the state government.
This shows that they have been deceived by the money of the factory.
Samla Comingstar said that NEHU has appointed a committee to remove the special allocations for the benefit of the state.
This action of the Central Government is to allow the Government of Meghalaya to release those funds in a timely manner, so that the state can celebrate at such a time.
Speaking at a rally in Bakur, Amlarem constituency to support the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin on Friday, Lahkmen said that most of the time when you love, you should love by your work and not by your work. to love only the mouth.
This has also proved the saying “There is nothing permanent in this world, except the change”.
The last day of the month on the 9th March, 2023 will be the celebration of the activities carried out throughout the month, such as 'SankalpSaptaah – SamaveshSamaroh'
They said that in the past few days, the Assam police have come to Khlieh Umwang village and on that day they have threatened the village leaders to remove the memorial stone. The meeting was held at the ground of the village.
He said that the police, in these days, have arrested illegal youths, without sufficient reasons, to arrest them, that they are involved in the shooting death of Bah Che.
However, in the Laodicean Church or the Church of the People, the laws of men appeared and overshadowed the laws of God.
Jowai, Jymmang 30: The Dorbar Shnong of Chilliang Raij, in collaboration with the office of the Wildlife Division, Jowai, in the presence of the students and teachers of the Chilliang Raij Upper Primary School, Jowai, today On the 30th June 2023, they will hold a Tree Plantation Drive.
Recently, we have seen in the newspapers that the KSU has rejected the appointment system of the NPP in Nongstoiñ.
“How can we take a complaint against the shrieh and this will make us like fools,” said Chitwan Singh.
In the age of worldly knowledge without remembering to preserve our culture, it has put our small nation in the darkness of the night, the danger of losing the origin of our language and culture. The Khasi Khara and the Hynniewtrep people of this country are loved by God.
Ban's mother told me that Santa asked Ban if she was going to write.
In the women's category, East Khasi Hills District beat West Garo Hills District 1-0
The question and answer is clear here.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: While the state is approaching the time for the renewal of the Legislative Assembly in the state, the election campaign has been held in all the constituencies in Ri Bhoi District. Those candidates who intend to contest have turned around the villages and townships to seek the support of the people of the constituencies.
“It's not a sad thing, although now I won't go below the white line but to start training for Como 1907,” he said. and the project.
D Marbaniang, Secretary of the Church of Jesus Christ, Pynthorbah, said that they received 32,000 sq feet of land in 2009, at Syiem Mawroh Forest. , said that he received 40,000 sq feet of land in 2012-13 in Mawpat. D Wanswet of the Umshing Presbyterian Church, Mawkynroh, said that they received more than 1 acre of land in hajan Sanker Hospital.
On Saturday, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, Leader of the Revolution, visited Namdong area to hold a meeting with the Village Authorities of the area.
Those who violate these notices shall be punished by the Dorbar Shnong according to the rules and regulations of the Shnong and the Government Act.
Only 4 MLAs are from other ethnic groups.
The young man who gives birth to a young woman or himself who is still in school and does not have a job.
All government departments have been directed to appoint their own Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) to look into and investigate any irregularities in the implementation of the Roster in the State.
Similarly, intent to commit suicide was exempted from felonies.
Prof Rai has been appointed as the Director of the Internal Quality Assessment Cell (IQAC) in violation of the requirements. “Rai has had a collusion with the former VC, in which they have misused the license of the university until the university has been completely disgraced,” said the unions.
For those who aim to raise the public’s voice, there’s usually a lawsuit that is against them.
FREEDOM OF SPEECH.We have already learned about Noah's ark, which is recorded in the Bible.
After receiving complaints from the people that many of the banks have rejected the documents approved by the KHADC for the purpose of withdrawing money, the KHADC has summoned these banks. .
N Pholendro Singh finished first in 32 minutes 21 seconds, beating Hepstarly Lyngkhoi (32:23) and Wolbetstar Nongsiej (32:24). ) in the third stage.
In West Jaintia Hills District, SSA schools in some villages have taken the initiative to complete the programs related to the month of February known as Magical Monday. School children participated in Profile Writing and Traditional Sports and this March they participated in the Mental Health Fitness Week by participating in various sports to nutrition and strengthen the brain.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) which has been trying its best to rescue these coal miners since November 14 will continue to be with the two groups to provide better support.
Officials of the Government of India have said without hesitation that the NPP Government is the "most corrupt Government in India"
It is a law under Article 29 of the Constitution of India.
Why? Because God created man in the image of God.
The editor and camera were taken by Kismol Nongrang and the song was composed by Effrin Lyngdoh.
KSU Thangrain Unit Publicity Secretary Lamdaki Myrchiang said that there are four foreigners and the KSU has expelled them after they failed to produce the necessary documents to trade or earn money.
We will look back after the resolution of the 2023 Election to see the outcome of the decision of the people.
He also warned the government to expedite this issue otherwise the group will take other measures and urged the people of Hynniewtrep that if that time comes they should They came out together to fight for the rights of Bah Che.
The Pa'iem said that the contractor who illegally constructed the road has cut down all the trees and erected a signboard of the scheme funded by the Assam Government even in the middle of the road. which is still within the state of Meghalaya.
The purpose of the inspection with the Umsning MLA was also to talk to the government on the assistance measures to improve the needs of the Synod. from the Synod Ground, water supply, roads and other necessities for the Synod.
With this victory, Langsning FC, which is in third place with 25 points, will have to fight hard to beat Mawlai SC to take second place. The final match will be played on Thursday (29-09-2022).
For those who are new to this village you can use the google map “Moolamylliang Presbyterian Church” or scan the OR Code.
In the first half, both sides fought hard to win the title but in the end, Lajong couldn't do anything from the first half to the second half.
Although they don't know exactly about the Syiem, they believe that he is the Syiem of Shyllong, who came to live in this place, where there is an ancient road that the Syiem used to go to market to Shilot. now I'm from Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister of Sikkim, Prem Singh Tamang, today said that the income of the state has started to increase since his party, the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha (SKM). ) came to power in the state in 2019.
At present, there are many Muslims who are afraid of the laws implemented by the Government of India such as the National Population Register (NPR) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC). laws, will make it difficult for them to prove their citizenship and to obtain the documents that confirm their citizenship in India by many generations of people.
There are many reasons why,” said Bah Glanding Lyngdoh.
Sangma expressed his regret after the minister replied that there is no purchase of a new CT Scan machine at the hospital.
The public hearing was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes in the presence of officials from the Urban Development Department and others.
This is the second contribution because farmers help to survive or support the households of the workers.
However, the People's Democratic Front (PDF), which won four MLAs in the 2018 elections, has declined steadily by winning only two MLAs.
He said that no government department can collect fees from the people or farmers without first consulting with the departments in charge of these areas.
“We don't know what their discussion is with the District Council because we can't say anything to close these shops and we don't have the authority to close these shops. “It's not in charge of the trade,” said Bah Warjri.
If the MDA government goes ahead as the UDP and BJP want, the struggle of the civil society has already come to an end.
May these 5 years cover and repair the damage done through these 67 years.
During his tenure as MDC, he was also the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Punjab National Bank (PNB) has earned Rs 278.66 crore in fines for the year 2018-19 from poor account holders who do not have the money to deposit. There is no minimum balance in the bank.
“This understanding is not a joke, remember,” said Bah Nongtraw.
They also donated tins for the construction of the church.
The PDF leaders from Pynursla held a meeting yesterday in the presence of Grace President of the Zonal Committee to discuss what they need to do after the suspension of their leader who is also the Zonal Committee. Speaking to reporters, MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri said that she was suspended on the grounds that she was against the party. “We have no knowledge of the use of T.28 crore by the District Council,” said Grace.
“There have been many allegations against them and they too should answer before the people on the allegations and not just throw stones or point fingers at others and that too with unfounded allegations and this is wrong. "It's a little bit," said James.
Earlier, KHNAM had strongly opposed the government's plan to allocate land to the army at 7 mer. Later, KSU Upper Shillong Circle had opposed the Rangbah Shnong. The area has also strongly opposed the government's plan to hand over 18 acres of land to the army.
Young Boys Shnongshoh beat Bakur 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
Infected animals may recover spontaneously within 2-3 weeks.
“The Hima Nongspung also expresses its strong opposition that in the MOU signed, two villages, Jimbrigaon and Lyngkhung, have gone to Assam even though it is clearly known that they are in Assam. Meghalaya,” said Bah Manoson Doloi and added that although Meghalaya has received Hawla and Bakhlapara villages, Meghalaya has not received these villages. “Half of the villagers are in Meghalaya and half are in Assam,” he added.
Farmers from other villages also took part in the festival.
Sunil Kumar Yadav was named Player of the Match with 58 runs for the loss of two wickets.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 30: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat and incumbent Minister of Water Affairs and others in the state has cut the ribbon to mark the opening of one of the ATMs. Caramai Kharkongor, Deputy Commissioner, IAS, WB Biam, MCS, ADC, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat. Sir.
Sangma also hoped that the closeness and love between the different ethnic groups in the North East would be strengthened, despite the differences in the livelihoods of the people in the region, as they take action to preserve preserve, the customs and culture that they have, in their own.
With the confirmation of two new cases, the total number of cases in Assam has risen to
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Hek said that the main purpose of launching this newspaper is to disseminate information to the public related to the policies and programs of the state government.
Prestone Tynsong made this announcement at the NPP general meeting in Rambrai on Saturday in the presence of local MLA Kimfa Marbaniang and MDC Bajop Pyngrope. , Bah M.Byrsat MLA Nongstoin, Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA Mawshynrut and others.
These leaders are quick to turn head-to-head as they please without regard to the voters of their constituency.
Lawsohtun and Smit met in the final last year.
They are children, but they have become mothers.
The incident of battery theft from the Airtel Tower in Lalmati, happened on the night of November 24, 2013. When the police received information about the incident, they took action to search for the suspects. On November 26, 2013, the Pillangkata Police Outpost, police have arrested two persons suspected of involvement in the case.
“I don't feel like it, but I'm sure it's true.
“If it belongs to the SMB or to the Hima Mylliem, it will be difficult because the Hima Mylliem has already signed an agreement with the Government and the land belongs to the Government.
Luke 10:38 – 42 .
The death toll was two persons, one from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
He also questioned where the Rs 500 crore for the Basin has gone, where the Rs 5000 crore has been returned to the corruption through coal,” said Bah Dkhar. Because there is nothing to be gained, when they have destroyed the wealth of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, there will be no more wealth.
Everyone has the right to laugh.
She said those who can donate blood are those aged 18-60 years, weighing 45 kilos or more and having a hemoglobin level of not less than
The union expressed its concern over the inability of the council to improve the collection, storage and use of public money and said that the KHADC urgently needs a change in the She wrote to the CEM to find out the reason why the KHADC does not have enough accounts.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, to take action against the spread of COVID-19, has spent up to 1 month to spray disinfectant water in those villages which have been severely affected by the pandemic. the COVID-19 pandemic.
About 150 people have been killed and more than 60,000 displaced from their homes in ethnic conflict between the Meitei and Kuki in the mountainous areas, despite efforts. The Central Government has urged the Central Government to curb the violence and restore peace and stability in the state between the two ethnic groups.
Shillong, June 06: The remains of two Shipara arkmie who drowned on Friday, 4th June 2024, have been laid to rest today, 6th June
Waheh Shnong Wahiajer Narpuh could not issue the NOC alone as the MCL falls under the three villages.
He remarked the strong physique of the people and their general health spoke powerfully in favor of the climate which was invigorating and salubrious.
After two words, the officer came and as soon as he saw them, he called them straight into the office.
Bah Raphael Massar - Chief Adviser UDP Ri Bhoi District
In this regard, the Chief Commissioner (OSD) Ronmoy Das said that in this case, there is no need to pay tax on the income earned within the scheduled areas, but on the income earned through the sale or purchase. in non-scheduled areas you have to pay tax.
It is very basting, therefore, it can grow longer than the wind.
Therefore, the union urges the state government to think carefully regarding the demarcation of the Khasi villages in Block-2, as the union will oppose if these Khasi villages go to Assam and the party does not want to take over the land of others.
He said that there are some places where he has received information that some people have brought a list of banks to show their names and those who have not. The list has come from the Rangbah Shnongs. On this occasion, Bah Khlur said that all the requirements for the scheme are in the hands of the banks. banks not from anywhere else.
The source said that during the clash between the Meghalaya and Assam Police, there was also an incident of stone throwing at the Meghalaya Police. Rehaman, who holds the post of DSP in Ri Bhoi, sustained head injuries after being stoned by the crowd.
Shillong, June 22: Meghalaya football players have sacrificed their lives in the middle of the field, but they have not reaped the clean fruit in their 4-3 defeat against West Bengal. The former champion of the Santosh Trophy won the National Football Championship (NFC) on Thursday at the Kottappadi Football Stadium in Kerala.
He said that the science has turned to attack foreign rulers which has affected the rule of law as well as the faith as well.
For 50 years, there has been no Roster System until the Meghalaya High Court ruled that the Reservation Policy should be implemented according to the Roster System.
You're right.
He said he has directed the NEC officials to implement the OFC (optical fiber cables) as the development of Digital India without the increase in mobile towers and strengthening of the internet cannot be implemented. successful DBT (direct benefit transfer).
Speaking to reporters, Prestone admitted that the AITC has sent ksiang to all the MLAs of the political parties working in the MDA Government. “We don't need you to send us a message,” said Prestone.
At the same time, the residents of Syndai Village urge the tourists from all over the country not to pollute this place when they come to visit especially when they come to eat. so that it will be beautiful and sustainable for this ancient building.
Her husband is also suffering from a serious illness and is in quarantine.
On the other hand, the CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat said that the Executive Committee is trying hard to find ways and means to pay the pending salaries to the council employees.
The union today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WR Lyngdoh and sent a copy to the Superintendent of Police, Bah MK Dkhar regarding the demand. The battalion did not patrol the area.
Thus the church in Laodicea was the Church of the People.
When the reporter inquired about this from the people above, many of them said that they didn't know about this but they just heard from the stories of the people but they don't know what the name of the church is. and where is the house?
The reason is that the Sengbhalang groups and even the KHADC have decided to appeal to the High Court against the violation of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
He said that 1,84184 people will receive assistance from East Garo Hills (6315), East Khasi Hills District (94177), West Jaintia Hills (25547) and Ri Bhoi (10489). .
On Saturday, a meeting of the party was held at the Dorbar Hall, Saitsohpen Sohra in the presence of senior leaders including Bah Ernest Mawrie Vice President, Susset Kurbah, Women's Leader, Kong Subitra Laloo, State Women's Leader, Babul Suting, District Leader and other leaders.
For this reason, although we have had the Ahoms for many years, no one has spoken of them as Kashari, Ahom and Manipuri.
Shillong: The Mawphlang Labor Union (MLU) today elected the new office bearers for the year 2019-2
However, at present, the villagers who used to receive assistance from the Horticulture and Agriculture Office, are in shock because the government has not been able to provide according to the needs of the farmers.
He said that the JHADC has recently set up the Art and Culture Department and through this department the JHADC will recognize all the cultural programs of Jaintia Hills according to the regions.
Taking the speeches of these party leaders, a voice of condemnation and ther strongly was heard against the violence of the central government, for forcibly passing the CAA despite the strong opposition from the people. They also said that the central government should understand and not play with the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has announced to close down the house of Bah Apshan Syngkli at Nongthymmai Umpohliew.
“When you look at the speed of the meter when you fill up with petrol, remember that the Modi government is stealing the money from your pockets and filling your pockets. of my friends,” said Rahul Gandhi.
The incidents occurred across the country after police stopped and dispersed anti-Morsi rallies in Cairo.
When we have our own land we can form our own Government and stand as an independent nation.
Condemning the seizure by Aisail N. Sangma, the Rangbah Shnongs of these six villages, have also strongly condemned the people involved in this incident, because the intention to sell the land has been carried out. There were only a few people who passed by without asking permission from the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Agnes alleged that she had received information that such killings and killings of bloodthirsty people were involved in the police chiefs and the coal mafia who used to share their shares among themselves.
Prestone said that if the AITC really cares about the poor families in Meghalaya, it should not wait until the end of the elections but should release the donation immediately to those who have registered.
In fact, he said that the disease should be more common during the rainy season but it also happens during the dry season because there are places where water flows nearby.
Denis Mulieh scored the third goal.
“At the meeting (between the State Government and the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee) in the past few days, they said that they will relocate by giving 1.4 acres of land, maybe this is a rigging for the MP and MDC elections,” he said. Nongrum in a statement sent via video to the media.
Thus the Bill later became law and Jaintia Hills lost Block I and Block II forever, without any struggle with sword or speech.
This is because they believe that they were born to be stupid.
The women are Larijanai Wartde, Rikynti Kharjahrin and Kyntimery Ramsiej.
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on Monday inaugurated the Thangbru-Kambel Shullai Eco-Friendly Crematorium at Khlieh Riatturiem on the Jowai-Shillong highway.
These incidents have been going on since Japan's oppression of Korean women and people.
The article further said that Mukul's mother, who is from Nagaon district of Assam, does not fit the customs of the Garo, whether she belongs to the Sangma or Garo community. I don't know if I'm from Sangma or Garo.
In another development, the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has lifted the closure of the houses of Bipul Bhawan, Jail Road, Matri Nawas Building, Quarters No.A4, A5, A6, A7 , A8 and A9 of Bishop Cotton Road and the house of Dr. Lumlang Jyrwa, Oxford Hill.
Two deaths and one person has not been vaccinated against covid.
He said that this is not the place of worship of the Seng Khasi, but the place of worship of the Raid and not at all, as it is admitted that it belongs to the Seng Khasi Kongthong.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Rymbai confirmed this allegation according to the RTI reply received from the Mining and Geology Department of the State Government on July 4,
Following the 25 runs (not out) tied by Dipayan Nandi, the SCA-A bowlers expected to play well, but they lost wickets.
He said that the problem is that once people have entered the state, they don't leave.
He said that this border government is not willing to take a decision to bring about the betterment of the society.
God will affect their lives to change their minds and live in knowledge of God.
According to Bah Kharkongngor, up to 120 teams of security forces will arrive in Meghalaya to ensure the smooth conduct of the elections in the state.
Speaking to Mawphor, the President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RB Shadap, said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar is filled with a spirit of sorrow over the grievances of many of the residents of Ri Bhoi. The power outage in Ri Bhoi District has been extreme and has affected the livelihoods of the people in this technological age. nearly all work had to be powered by electricity.
On this occasion, there was also a reading of the pledge by the participants.
“The residents should take this opportunity by opening accounts so that they can save money,” said Ms Lyngdoh. PMJJBY which has to pay T.330/- per annum and this can be done with the assistance of Bank Sakhi or Financial Literacy Crete through VOs. The bank is also ready to help the people to have a close relationship between the banks and the people.
We urge you all, brothers and sisters, not to be misled by the above.
We are confident that the parties within the MDA will be wise and will understand when they have counted and without fail, they will be able to nominate only one MP candidate. Let's turn to the facts: The NPP Garo Hills has 24 constituencies.
Shillong, Nailar 23: After three organizations including the FKJGP, KSU and HYC Mawsynram Circle have warned and imposed rules on the Hindu religious leaders who go to march from Shillong to Mawjymbuin Crematorium, it was learned that the There is no more burning of incense, laying of flowers and pouring milk in the cremation as they used to do before.
Shillong, June 20: The State Tuberculosis Officer, Meghalaya on Friday conducted a public awareness program among school children on Tuberculosis (TB) as part of the celebration of Tuberculosis (TB). “World Health Day,” at a function held at BrooksideHigher Secondary School, Shillong.
The request for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​has already been decided and passed by the Government of Meghalaya, I think it has been about 10 years now, but why is the Government of India delaying?
She said that according to the findings of researchers in the West, the languages ​​of minorities disappear every month and once a month one language disappears.
“They also urged the parents and youngsters to seek the help of counselors when they encounter any problems so that they will not hesitate or hesitate to ask for help.
All of us are from the same God and Father in heaven.
If this happens, it will be a serious threat to the state as a whole especially at this time when the number of cases of malaria is increasing rapidly across India.
Shillong: The District Council has decided to reduce the fee for the Transit Pass (TP) to the price of synsar. .
For more information please contact the Officer In Charge of Laban PS or
The Garo have been able to climb the mountains.
She said that they are ready to receive students or scientists for the purpose of studying or researching the resources inside the Mawtynhiang Crematorium.
In a statement to the media on 15th November 2023, the group expressed their regret, saying, “He (Manager Technical, NHAI) has promised us to complete the but he hath not yet begun to work.
From the information received it is understood that the Thangbuli, Amwi and Nongtalang got the idea to do this from the Jaintia chiefs, but the Thangbahula they do in Nartiang and in these villages there is a difference because in Nartiang They also performed the puja in the presence of the Bamon, who performed the rituals while in Thangbuli, Amwi and Nongtalang they did not perform the puja.
After this, the Pandit of Durga Temple, Nartiang, laid the foundation stone of the temple.
This keeps us in darkness, and perhaps it is he who can give us light,” said the statement.
It may be recalled that the construction of the House is in progress and the collapse occurred on the morning of 22nd June 2022 while the construction is in progress. syndon is the round house.
“I am sad to see that in this election, there have been those who have mislead the people and have acted quietly which has led to other parties to unite and affects the desire of the people to bring about change. , even if the people are really eager to change.
It is important and necessary that the government should create mechanisms to ensure that farmers do not use chemicals that can affect the health of consumers.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning and many other elders of the area.
Reports from the area said that the fish had fallen into the water and died along the river.
The reason for their resignation is that they don't have any confidence in the leaders of the UDP party either in the district or in the state.
Now, it is their responsibility to incorporate the opinions of the State or District Councils (but otherwise) I don't think there will be anything left except to amend the Sixth Schedule. time only 2-3 days (to complete the work)," he said.
The strong foundation of the construction that has been completed in the past years according to the plan can be attributed to both the income growth achieved in recent years as well as the success of the work new economy.
The disease has claimed about 2,100 lives a year in the UK and the reason is that people affected by the disease do not understand and do not know the signs and symptoms. which started and reached the point where the disease was very severe and the treatment methods were difficult to cure.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The job seekers of the DSC, East Khasi Hills District, 2011, may hold another strong protest in the coming days.
Shillong, July: The Rangthong (Rim) Presbytery Church in Shillong will celebrate its 28th Anniversary on the 5th of this month at 2 pm at KJP. Girls Higher Sec.School, Shillong.
The Khlehriat Block Congress Committee has congratulated the VO for their success in their work and to maintain the unity within the group so that they can succeed in whatever they do.
The deadline for receipt of schools for the tournament will be on the 10th of this month.
Speaking at a support rally for the NPP candidate at Mawlai Nongkwar, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh said that according to the story that has spread around the constituency, the NPP candidate has “If the NPP candidate is weak, the party will not give ticket to Bah Teiborlang Pathaw to contest from Mawlai constituency,” said Bah Embhah.
For more information please see the Israeli Home Front Command website ( ) or any published instructions.
Perhaps it will also be something that will please the film stars who have never been able to come to this place to film.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division, has issued a curfew from 6 pm to 9 pm on 15th October 2020 and after that the curfew will be imposed again.
They have also received assistance from Google, Facebook and other social media platforms to help them provide information about people who post banned content and all information will be investigated according to the rules of the law.
“As it appeared in the media, the residents of Shymplong and neighboring villages said that if they need to go to Khliehriat, Umkiang they have to walk from a footbridge ( Hanging Bridge) which is located on the Lukha River until they reach the National Highway at Sonapyrdi, said that since the collapse of the bridge, no vehicles have been able to come and go to the border villages. The bridge includes Huroi, Hingaria, Lahalein, Lejri and other villages.
The news we hear from medical scientists and government authorities is that there is no cure for this disease or no clear answer on how to prevent or cure it.
The HANM said that the border crossing is not only in Langpih, Nongspung Hima, Khanduli, Block 1, Block 2 but now it has planted boundary stones inside Khanapara and has taken over the territory of Meghalaya.
There was an allegation that the woman had been tried in the village for her illegal activities in the village.
“Recently, the Police and the West Garo Hills Police have cracked down on illegal activities, especially in relation to money launderers which has caused the price of beverages to rise,” he said.
In California, where the survey was conducted, about 1.3% of women have Type 2 diabetes and 7.4% have diabetes or gestational diabetes.
According to sources, the people who took part in the riots also shouted many slogans to condemn the government.
Those include part 2 in Z+; 10 in Z; 0 in Y+; 19 in Y and 72 in X. The Chief Minister said that due to the problems in the security forces, the government cannot elaborate on the names of these people who have received the authority. protection.
Shillong: U Bah Hamarson Thangkhiew, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, was sworn in today.
Then he sent for them again, just as they had done before.
It is not appropriate to blame the Ministers, MLAs and MDCs when the roads are destroyed, because they were not elected to build roads, houses and bridges.
The religious school, founded by Dr John Robert, welcomes non-Christians who wish to study there.
He said he knew Sir Ganeshwar because he used to come to train SSA teachers at the BRC, Mawsynram.
The names approved are retired judge of Madhya Pradesh High Court, Justice Moolchand Garg as Chairman of the committee and other members are retired judge of Allahabad High Court, Dr. Satish Chandra, Prof. DV Kumar from Department of Sociology, NEHU, Shillong (Expert Member in Sociology), Prof. Chander Shekhar from Department of Fertility & Social Demography, IIPS, Mumbai (Expert Member in Population Studies), and Prof.Subhadip Mukherjee, Assistant Professor, Economics & Public Policy at IIM Shillong (Expert Member in Economics).
Bari Pyngrope, one of the youths who promoted the Reservation Policy, said that she has been forced to stop promoting the Reservation Policy. .
“I don't like to say that I don't like to do fertilizer,” said Larisa.
At present, the garbage collected by the villagers has been dumped at Mawsmai, Nongpyndeng.
They also went to the media without finding out or confirming what happened just to inform him.
Shillong, Lber 27: At the three-day Mawbynna Festival to be held at Mawphlang from the 31st of this month, the ancient tools of the city will be exhibited. It has been around since 1220 BC. Some of these artifacts have been excavated from Lum Sohpetbneng and will be exhibited in the Museum at Tynrai Village in Mawphlang.
Besides the awards to the finalists, the organizers of the tournament also distributed individual prizes, in which the Best Player was awarded to Lucas Syngkli, the Best Goalkeeper was awarded to Lucas Syngkli. Bankyrshan Nongsiej and Edwin Maring were the top scorers.
Rejecting the fact that he was alone, Lahkmen said, “We are here to work with the government to address many issues in the state.
The CEM also informed that through the Department of Art & Culture, a public notice will be issued for existing tourist attractions and involved groups, private enterprises, individuals who intend to open new tourist attractions. They must obtain a Permission/No Objection Certificate from the District Council.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi unit today held a meeting to demand the immediate withdrawal of the Border Security Force (BSF) who are illegally stationed in Huroi. street Sonapyrdi.
In a statement on the X news agency, Siddaramaiah wrote, “Just because the elections in the Northern States have ended, the ungrateful Prime Minister has now tried to divide the people of the North and the South by attacking the people of the Northern states.
Earlier, the group of journalists also visited NEHU and met with the Pro-Vice Chancellor, Dean of Students' Welfare and teachers.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Manipur from 21st November.
Without sending an inquiry to the central government's investigation teams, it will not be possible to find out whether there are foreigners who will cause trouble,” the bench said.
Shillong, Nailur 2 : In a horrific incident, a mother has killed her nine-year-old daughter by stabbing her ryndang until it was cut off and after that she buried the body in the backyard.
Speaking to reporters, Bah GH Kharshanlor said that the reason why the group has met with the BJP leaders is after they have seen that for decades the BJP has been in power. The Congress government and the MUA-II government have not believed in this issue.
One clean, one dirty, one dirty, one dirty and so on, know at this time, what kind of government will get.
Smr Hun You.
The auditors were Kitborlang Phawa and Safeful Shylla and other members of the Executive Body.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The North Eastern Council (NEC) on Thursday directed Alliance Air to continue operating flights from Shillong to Kolkata sector. 2014.
Kharpuri said the department is aware of the need to maintain tourism in order to protect the tourist attractions.
In the hearing held today, the NGT has ordered the committee set up by the government to submit the new figures after collecting the proper figures, including the Mining Plan and Mining Policy.
The new group was led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing as the convener who decided to work hard to investigate corruption, land acquisition corruption in the new Shillong, and other corruption in government departments.
The VPP candidate said that he has contested the election on two grounds, clean and transparent governance and to protect the right to ownership, as an indigenous person. There is no intention to bring about various development projects as the bampong has affected the state.
It is also understood that once the transportation can be stopped, the illegal mining of this mineral will die.
Miss Darishesha Mawroh- Trainer- MCA certified.
The deceased were identified as Ricky Keshi, 74, of Upper Mawprem, Firstborn Marbaniang, 60, of Langkyrding, Sanjay Muktam, 36, of Baridua, Knesman Nongsiej, Phomti Phawa, , Dil Bahadur, 55 years old.
It is this close relationship between the police, contractors, officers and politicians that has brought Meghalaya to the brink of destruction.
“FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat urges any youths who wish to attend this rally in Shillong to provide information. 60005 05549/70056 66928 so that the Seng can prepare buses to take you to the place we will arrange soon,” said the General Secretary of the Seng Bah. D.H Sumer.
On the 20th March, Mupyut SC will play against Amlarem Social SC at 2.30 pm.
And just because they differ in appearance or in words, does not mean that they are no longer Khasi.
The Minister of State for Literature, Rakkam A. Sangma said that the State Government is still waiting for the Central Government to release the funds for the post-matric scholarship of the students.
In a statement sent by RNYF President Bah Apbor Nongrum, the RNYF supports the NKU which has gone ahead to oppose the proposal to allocate land to the Assam Rifle in Lawbyrwa.
She also explained that she has not installed streetlights in new places and due to the lack of caregivers for a long time, many of the streetlights have stopped working.
The costume designer was appointed by Soosamoi Boutique (Jowai), while the make up artist and hair stylist was appointed by Herbie Pathaw and Mediora Mylliem Umlong.
He said that after the defeat of Bah Witting, when he traveled around the state and the constituency, he saw that the way of working of this government, has changed completely. and has put the people in great difficulty in all aspects, whether in the trade, employment, income and the implementation of the assistance that the government has allocated for the public inhabitants.
Shillong, July 01: With the goal of raising awareness on the impact of tobacco smoke on the environment, more than 8,400 thousand schools in Meghalaya have taken part in the fight against the use of tobacco. thunder.
The Minister said the government has used drones in areas where there are no roads to carry test samples from people in case of any disease.
Assistance will also be given to those youths who have been selected to participate in any sports up to State level, National Level and many others.
The sources said that the procedure will be the same as in other hospitals but the difference will be only in the treatment and medicines.
The meeting was attended by the Lyngdoh of Sohiong, Bah Bashemphang Lyngdoh Thabah, BDO of Sohiong, MA Challam, Joint Director C&RD J. Massar, I. Iangrai Project Director EKH, engineers who planned and others. to oversee the work while the work is in progress and there were also the elders.
This Act prohibits acts that may affect the faith of religious members of any religious group by speaking against the faith and religion of others.
"“But yesterday, when there was a vote, my mindset changed suddenly and now I doubt that I will win because many people are waiting for the money to get 100,000 or 3000 rupees.
Banskhem Kharkongor (85th minute) scored the last goal for Laitkor SC.
Shillong: The Dorbar Pyllun of the Kur Khongsit was held at Pomshutia Village, East Khasi Hill, on the 5th July
“The decision to implement the odd-even number from Kashari to Motphran is based on the report we have received after careful consideration and this is the reason for issuing this order,” she said.
On the same day, KSU leaders held a short meeting in the presence of former KSU leaders Samuel Jyrwa, Hamlet Dohling, Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum. Bull Lyngdoh's relatives.
During the search, the inspectors of the mid-term elections seized 1,72,990 liters of kyiad and no money was seized.
The purpose of these school gardens is also to teach the children to become agricultural workers and to understand the value of handicrafts.
If the situation is severe, Meghalaya should be declared a dictatorship or tyranny or autocracy state so that the mass protests will not start like in Myanmar. Afghanistan or Pakistan at that time, or China or Korea which used to use force and attack by the government authorities at will to enslave all the citizens.
Besides the dead, three others were seriously injured in the incident which happened at about 5 pm.
He said that even during the COVID-19 pandemic, the people of India are facing difficulties, but it is the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi who has the vision to help. special to the people in which foodgrains were distributed to every household so that the poor families in the country would not go hungry.
The Sengbhalang of Mawsynram C&RD Block has continued its protest as a sign of reminding the government on the demand for the upgradation of Mawsynram C&RD Block to Civil Sub Division. distribution of leaflets to the people of Mawsynram area as part of raising awareness among the people on the urgent need for development in the area.
In the second leg, Kiang Nangbah College Shillong beat NEHU 2-0
West Garo Hills Police on Tuesday arrested four persons involved in drug trafficking and seized several illegal drugs. other goods from these people.
U Bah Paul will contest for the MDC election from Jaiaw from the UDP and it will be the second time as he has contested for the MDC election from Jaiaw but did not reach the goal. .
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the residents should be more vigilant from now on.
Regarding the inspection, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said the main purpose of the inspection at the airport, was to see the progress of the construction of the airport. Airport.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banjop said that it is during the closure of the dam that there is a real need for mobile phones and this has shown the need for internet and many of the towers. some in the state did not work.
MeECL has not refused to take this step after the collapse of three of its units, the Umtrew Stage I and II and the Leshka Power Project.
“The suspension of four salaries even after hard work and dedication to provide fair service to the people is an insult and a lack of appreciation for the work they have done,” said Dr Ricky.
This border crossing has been exactly like the rise in sea level and finally knowing where to live because the border crossers have increasingly overwhelmed us.
It is learned that gradually they started to try to persuade Bah Ardent to become their chief leader.
The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to release the report of the Central Investigation Department on the shooting death of six persons including five women. residents of Meghalaya to the Assam Police.
