“It was a targeted act," state prison director Jarbas Vasconcelos said in the statement, adding there was no prior intelligence that suggested an attack would take place.
“In this regard, in relation to the villages, the district councils have implemented the Administration of Justice Rule 1953, which empowers them to establish Village Courts,” said Bah Lanong.
While members of the Sengbhalang were gathering at the scene after the sudden release of the tyngshops, two Gypsy vehicles of the Police dressed in police uniforms came from the road from Polo Market. They have been passing through this road while the members of the Sengbhalang are gathering.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
“The distribution of foodgrains is on the basis that although the government has provided ration and foodgrains, there are still many poor families who do not receive foodgrains because they do not have cards.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, after opening an emergency meeting tonight, urged the people of the state in front of the Sengbhalang leaders to refrain from bloodshed and to pray for the bring peace and stability in the state.
Bah Roykupar said that the jaidbynriew still needs more laws to protect from the existing laws and new laws to be drafted because of the sale and purchase of land, then the benami trade which has destroyed the jaidbynriew.
In this section we will look at the benefits of smartphones and at the same time the disadvantages of overuse of mobile phones.
Former CEM of KHADC, Bah CB Syiem and other leaders have sent a letter of resignation to the Secretary of the UDP Ri Bhoi, Bah Michael Kharhunai in the presence of Bah Michael Kharhunai. UDP Nongpoh Circle President Andreas Syngkli at the UDP office in Nongpoh.
The order also prohibits drivers from smoking cigarettes inside vehicles.
Therefore, it would be better for him to boycott the media so that he does not put himself and the VPP Party in an unpleasant situation in an attempt to serve the welfare of the people. Meghalaya,” said Mr. David.
“I'll tell Niakha soon...” said Rida Panah from a distance.
Initially, the toss fell in favor of Spartan CC who chose to bowl first.
Remember, dear countrymen, one day, whether you believe it or not, this land of ours will become government land.
At the same time, Commander Shangpliang President of the Rilang People's Development Council (RPDC) and the youth of the area demanded that the PWD department should immediately repair the road. to the people who will attend the Procession at Mawthong Parish and also to the people who come and go every day.
Today, 5th November 2022, India celebrates Teachers' Day.
College we should accept the policies issued by the government and also accept the requirement of Adhar No. for scholarship because we are a government college,” he said. Cultural Secretary, Neal Jordan Rymbai Through this statement, the Secretary of the Union expressed his opposition to the powerful behavior of the Secretary of the Union. any meeting of the Union.
This collection of poems was written by Babu Sevendar Dkhar, a teacher of St. Anthony's College.
– She has done this since childhood through her Mother's Command.
The suspects were identified as Tubala Siangshai and his brother Ten Siangshai, Nebalson Ryngkhlem and Rilang Ryngkhlem.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “Himanta Biswa Sarma's remark is because he speaks as a BJP leader because during the elections all parties will speak to praise him. We will blame the party and others but now we will wait for the result and we will decide what to do next”.
The Minister of Home Affairs also held a meeting with the Chief Ministers, Chief Secretaries and DGPs of all the North Eastern States to discuss economic development and peace and stability.
Why does the Meghalaya government hate the non-government teachers?
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. Officer & Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Mairang, or you can submit your complaint to the Complaint Box provided by the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
Manipur scored 248 runs in 50 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
At that time, police admitted that Bah Marbaniang died after shooting himself in his room.
"His understanding of the game and his ability to hold the ball makes other players want him to play again," said Mumbai City FC head coach Des Buckingham. , Jymmang 22 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlykhi on Tuesday said that the people are not aware of the objectives of the Voice of the People. Party (VPP) does not have a Reservation Policy.
During the meeting, the FCI management decided to delete the names of 56 foreigners whom it had published in the resolution for the post of Watchman except for 19 posts.
After nearly two years of waiting, the film Nabon, produced by the KJP Western Synod Youth Assembly, was released today at a function held at the office of the KJP Western Synod, Mission Compound, Shillong.
The shooter was identified as Gopal Sharma of Uttar Pradesh's Gautam Buddha district.
He said that the government hopes that this change will also bring about a change in the working methods of MeECL but you know that cannot be changed overnight. male.
Police from Alamganj PS arrived at the scene and took them to the police station for protection. They were not injured.
He said it is time for the district councils to advocate for the issuance of Scheduled Tribe certificates as this is the duty of the district councils.
Faith Kipyegon of Kenya has received a cash prize of $35,000 and a house from Prime Minister William Ruto as The awards were awarded to the player for breaking two world records in a week in the Paris Diamond League.
Shillong: Tomorrow, Shillong will be cloudy with rain in most parts of the state.
These foods have the ability to fight against many diseases and can also reduce serious diseases by strengthening the immune system.
Other office bearers include Seilut Pohshna – Vice Chairman, Shlur Mukhim – Vice Chairman, Worsing Khonglah – Asst Secretary, Lurman Talang – Joint Secretary, Dr Arwind Khonglah – Adviser, Dr Witness Pohtam – Adviser. , Bah Tarson Lymba – Adviser, including all the Rangbah Shnongs and Secretaries from the three villages who will be the executive members.
Spiton Kharakor is one of the oldest writers and article writers in the field of writing for 52 years.
The Chief Minister also awarded the Governor's Police Medal to nine Policemen including Geoffry WLyngdoh, Dy, SP, Queenie AB Fancon, Asstt.
Citizens have the right to support anyone they want when elections to the State Legislative Assembly or Parliament, but to force the people to support anyone by threats, the opinion of the the public administration is already dead.
The Maw Nongrim of the block was also inaugurated on the 22nd June,
Other parties in the country have no seats in Garo Hills.
Spend time teaching and learning new things.
He said that in talks with the DCs of various districts, they have been informed that through the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana scheme, 5 kilos will be given to those who have the card. PHH and AAY for 3 months and also from the Ujala program will provide free cylinder to the beneficiaries for 3 months.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has expressed its special congratulations and gratitude to Ma Lber Laloo and those related to him as well as to Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. MDAs who have taken the initiative to fight a case in the Supreme Court for the lifting of the ban on coal mining in the State.
The Sheikh has taken the matter to the Family Division of the High Court in Dubai and it is for this reason that Haya has fled the country. who said she had a great fear for her life.
Nongstoiñ: The 10th match of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018, organized by Laitkseh Sport Club, will be played again today. Thongni FC. Both the teams will play today from West Khasi Hills and it can be said that the match between these two teams will be very interesting because one of these teams Kith United is well known in the Nongstoiñ area as well as in the district as a whole.
The Customs Department continues to serve fairly to combat a variety of illegal activities at the border including smuggling of gold, cigarettes, drugs and alcoholic beverages, counterfeit money and others. .
Through this meeting, speakers from Rangbah Shnong, Longkmie, Youth Wing and Sengbhalang, strongly condemned what the leaders of Raid Nongkhrah and Pahammardoloi Village have done. At the meeting, they said that they will not allow the Kyiad shop, which was planned to be set up by a private individual, to be built on the site.
HITO's request to SEIAA comes after reports that an Environmental Clearance has been issued to the factory to increase the production of dewbilat from 2,600 TPD to 4,500 TPD and the installation of shlem. MW Captive Power Plant (CPP) and 9.5 MW Waste Heat Recovery System (WHRS). Recently, on 24th July, a clash broke out between the residents and police at Thangskai. Conduct a Public Hearing on these proposals of the dewbilat factory.
Members of the Presbyterian Church of India have said they have been encouraged by Modi's recent remarks at the Syro-Malabar Church meeting, at a meeting on India and the decline. heritage of religious faith, who said to respect the faith of others, who reminded that whether it belongs to the small or the large but the faith has existed since ancient times, the PCI welcomed Modi's promises in his speech.
He said that after this, the Waheh Shnong, who claimed to be the Waheh Shnong, called again to hold the Dorbar Shnong on the 29th July 2022 but it turned out to be a huri hura. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has requested the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) not to take action against this issue, as the residents are now in fear and anxiety. , at any time there may be another injury that will lead to any tragic incident.
Shillong, June 03 : Mylliem MLA and Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling, on Tuesday said that he has spent up to 1,34,92,300 (1.34 crore) tyngka from the MLA scheme so far only for the construction of new classrooms in schools in the constituency.
The Jaintia Dorbar was established with the aim of uniting the children of Jaintia Hills as one nation, in which its objectives are to protect and improve the rights and customs of the nation. , to improve the human dignity in income, food, health, education, society, to maintain the purity of the nation and other activities. to improve the nation from time to time.
“Bah Martamlin's decision to support me as a ticket candidate will strengthen me because he too has many supporters,” he said.
Since then I never met again.
The JSU through its leader Treiborlang R Suchen said that he has also spoken to the Secretary to the Chief Minister and said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has JHADC and other District Councils in the state, but no detailed information has been received for how many months the government has been able to release the salaries of the employees.
Because the Block does not believe, a complaint has been lodged with the DRDA.
Mekhaloi also has many side effects, such as infertility, influx, outflux and so on.
There were also some media reports from the area that he was found inside a plastic bag and had a note attached to his chest.
Arrangements have been made to provide temporary accommodation to the stranded passengers,” said the Deputy Commissioner of Ramban in a tweet.
God has also given us a fertile land, a good climate, and abundant resources.
If the government does not respond to their demand after April, 2022, which has been delayed for 20 years, they will hold a protest in Shillong so that the government will listen to their demand.
The single mother in bed was deeply hurt and realized how embarrassing it would be if the neighbors would question her.
Police have arrested Thomas Jones Ryngkhlem after several months of search.
However, the UDP has denied that there was any intention to remove Bah Pynshngain as CEM just because they did not receive the money as they had requested.
The Catholic Church has also had to suspend the annual Procession of the Eucharist in the past two years, as it is a procession that attracts tens of thousands and lakhs of believers.
“I hope that one day we will see the medical college in Jowai.
The CEM also decided to cancel all Trading Licenses issued to foreigners without proper documents and also to appoint agents to issue licenses to foreign workers.
The Seng has demanded that the State Government should reopen the MPSC Examination Center in Jowai to facilitate the applicants from West and East Jaintia Hills Districts to travel to the MPSC Examination Center in Jowai. comes and will also remove any problems applicants face with transportation.
The question is, does the nation really follow in the footsteps of Tirot Singh? or do they speak only with their own lips? They speak only to fulfill the rules while their actions are the same.
When asked whether this issue has caused division between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, the two main ethnic groups in Meghalaya, Sangma said such issues have always existed.
The Dalai Lama will arrive by helicopter on 7th March at 10.30 am.
Shelar said the deaths of 66 children in the Gambia as confirmed were said to have been caused by the consumption of Indian-made pesticides.
Meanwhile, Bah H.Warbah, Chairman of the meeting, said that the NCPC was formed because of the problems faced by the people. Not only in Nongkrem Constituency but in Khasi Jaintia as a whole, and to talk about this issue, the people said that the party has gone to meet with a lawyer and expert from the Khasi Jaintia Hills District. HS Shylla who is fondly known as 'Bahdeng Shylla' by the people of this area.
“On the 19th of November, the Government sent a proposal to the Governor Tagatha Roy to introduce the Administrator Rule in KHADC. it is on what basis they propose the AR to the Governor.
On the same day, a cleanliness drive was held in which all the residents of the village came out in order and in the evening of the same day, a football match was also held by the residents of the village. The Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Lum-Umpih, Bah BR Syngkli was the chief guest along with the Executive Members of the village.
Sumo, taxi and auto rickshaw drivers have been directed to provide sanitizers, clean their vehicles daily and not to allow passengers without masks to ride in their vehicles.
Two of them are in East Jaintia Hills, Jalapher Residential School in Saipung and Byndihati Residential School in Khliehriat.
Shillong, Nailar 19 : The Meghalaya Truck Association (MTR) has expressed its strong opposition to the construction of the revenue collection gate of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at Umdihar, Ri Bhoi District.
If you love your nation so much, you will show us that you are the only one who will see us...when we are alone, we will be able to do something else...you love your country so much.
[continued]The calendar used by the world is the Christian Era Calendar.
The Government of Meghalaya has used paragraph 12 (A)(b) when the NGT banned coal mining and has previously used it to demand the release of the Forest Conservation Act
Besides, it is difficult to enter, you have to be shot first from the shyllang, then you have to wash your hands dozens of times, until you have to smell jyreh to sma, but what is shocking is that many of the tables are covered. empty and when the tables are empty, the others who are present, just answer quickly and nod their heads, saying that they will come another day and when it is in this form, it shows that this year, of the people, they will stay in the offices.
The term of office of MDCs in KHADC and JHADC for five years will end in June
The dead and injured were from three villages, namely Nongbudum, Mawbyrkhong and Mawlum Nginiong.
Nongpoh: Confirming the office bearers of the HYC, Nongpoh Circle, Bah Rhembor G Saibon, Vice-President of the HYC, Sengkmie, on Tuesday said that as the leaders of the Sengbhalang, Units, Circles, Districts and Sengkmie, should not be arrogant and arrogant, but should be humble, by setting a good example from the home, the village and the community. society as well.
The union also urged the District Council to empower them according to the 6th Scheduled.
He said that the Monolith Festival will be held at Mawphlang on the 7th, 8th and 9th of October and the 22nd Annual General Meeting of the KJP Synod Sepngi will be held on the 10th. October in Lighthouse, Sohra.
Of course, we can assume that the stinginess of the people of this state to follow the government's directives may be that the Covic-19 virus has not yet reached the state, but the directives of the state The Government is one of the efforts to protect ourselves if this disease comes to our state.
Irani has confirmed to set up a center at the university to make the youth understand the richness of the region in terms of culture, history and way of thinking of the people of the region.
Ravi Manar was named the top scorer in the 5th Interdong League. He scored 4 goals from the beginning to the end of the league against Chnongklor. Shining Star Myrchiang of Nongtalang Shnongthymmai United FC won the best goal keeper and Fleming Lyngdoh of Nongtalang United FC won the emerging player. Dedychynnam Pohsnem of Nongtalang Khlachympa B won the Player of the Tournament title while Nongtalang Shnongthymmai United FC won the Best Discipline Team. MAA) has selected 44 Athletics athletes including men and women to represent the State in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which will start on 10th November 2022 in Meghalaya.
Ma Passah also encouraged all the participants to give their best as those who come forward will be selected to participate in the state and also at the national level as well.
Regarding the request of some members of the Umsning Constituency Political Forum (UCPF) to join the UDP, the UDP leadership has decided to convene the leaders of the Umsning Constituency Political Forum (UCPF) on the 15th of this month. They will send the decision to the District and the State to consider whether it is a ticket application.
“We are in the coalition government, if we leave, the accusation will come against us and we don't want the accusation to come against us, let us finish the term peacefully,” said Chuba Ao. when asked about the matter.
The Aitnar Lake is an important part of the Behdienkhlam festival, the biggest festival of the Pnars.
Because she has not been overwhelmed by anxiety about her problems, she is calm and better able to find ways and means to solve her problems.
Due to the heavy rainfall in this area and the quarrying of stones whether in the parmaw or in the construction of the Shillong – Dawki road, the fall of stones and landslides if not carefully considered by the workers will be a disaster. On the 14th of July, another landslide and stone fall has occurred on the Shillong-Pynursla road in Rngaiñ.
The party appeals to the people who want to fight against injustice for the citizens to stand up not for their own interests but for the cause of fighting against poverty, corruption, injustice. rights and others, rather than to promote activities that will disrupt the peace and order in the state.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Executive Committee (CEC) today decided to discuss the issues faced by the students from time to time.
The people in their misunderstanding of the work were happy because they thought that they had been able to mine coal again as in the past. Its rules have been allowed to enter Meghalaya.
These hormones help to regulate body temperature, metabolism and pulse.
India's population is expected to reach 1.3 billion by 2022 and the number of those working part-time is 592 million after China.
Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating is recognized by the Speed ​​Skating Federation of India.
In the First Division, 12 teams have participated.
“We feel that there is no point in passing many laws when they do not work and the government wants to pass one law that will work fully on this,” he said.
" All the parishioners of Jowai District are exempted from the obligation to participate in the Lord's Day services and all holy days until 31st October
Shillong, June 6: The BJP has denied the allegations by Congress leaders in the state that the BJP is a party that promotes religious hatred. The Congress party has accused the Congress party of creating religious differences through its President Sonia Gandhi. u Shahi Imam of the Mosque Syed Ahmed Bukhari.
Those who have used it properly, have to spend at least Rs.1000/- or Rs.2000/- per day.
Therefore, this area has the potential to become a tourist destination and this will also lead to the economic development of the area as a whole.
During the raid on Saturday, the union has been able to expel at least 20 foreigners who came to work in the area without permits. pages are available.
On the other hand, the saints are people who have not only a spirit of compassion, but also a spirit of compassion and a spirit of compassion that makes them stand against selfishness and selfishness, and to fight for righteousness and truth.
They need to be encouraged to live like other human beings,” said Bah Paul.
However, Nangsan Kynter (14) and Daulabiang Shangpliang (35) led EKH to 100 runs.
The salary cut has affected the families of these 101 labourers.
Speaking to the girls, he said that it doesn't matter whether they win or lose, but the important thing is that they should have the spirit of fighting.
Before the opening and handover of these houses, a short meeting was held on the ground floor of one of these houses which was conducted by Rangbah B.Talang.
The purpose of the tournament is to provide an opportunity for table tennis players to showcase their unique skills in their respective categories for men and women.
In the tie breaker, Umphyrnai scored four goals while Assam Rifle scored only two goals.
What do the shalyntem of time mean? The problems in society, says CS Lewis, are not those that we talk about, but those that we think about.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The All Regional Party Alliance (ARPA) has lost one MDC due to the delay in sending the name of one of the MDCs from the three parties, UDP and KH NAM. Speaking to reporters, CEM Adelbert Nongrum said that the reason for the delay in sending the name of the MDC is because there is no urgent demand for the MDC. KP Pangniang, EM, who is also the leader of the HSPDP in the District Council, said that the reason is because the ARPA has 17 MDCs and the number of 17 MDCs is strong. Pangniang said that in fact, if the government feels that there is an urgent need to appoint MDCs, it should inform the Council not to do so. He expressed his surprise that as soon as the two MDCs fled, the government was ready to appoint MDCs and sent the names, which were approved by the Governor. “The government feels that it is urgent why it has not appointed MDCs in the past, but at this time when two of us have fled why there is an urgent need to appoint MDCs, we also want to clarify,” said Bah Pangniang.
Earlier, in the Khasi National Dorbar from 1924 onwards, the future of Khadar rule in Ri Hynniewtrep was discussed.
However, in NEOG, everything has changed completely because as revealed by the players from other states, the accommodation is adequate, the food and drink is adequate and the management in every playground is adequate.
Rossie Nongrum, Sisters of Fatima Convent, Mairan Ranger, teacher of St. John's HS School, Barama and Sanjay Swargiary, driver of the Bolero.
The Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has sentenced a robber involved in a rape case in 2010 to nine years imprisonment.
He said that the Khasi were divided into four groups during the war and many of them did not return.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today announced the opening of the Tribal Research Institute at Babadam in West Garo Hills, which is a long-standing dream of PA Sangma. The foundation stone of the Institute will be laid on 5th October 2019 at Babadam.
He said that as the employees of Jirang Mondal together with the people request the BJP leaders to confirm the ticket in Jirang to Bah Lee Bareh, because this person has worked hard since the beginning together. and the office bearers and the people of Jirang have had confidence in him and he has the hope of winning from Jirang Constituency.
If this is true, to give compulsory and mandatory injections to all teachers will put them and the students at risk.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Speaking to reporters, James Sangma, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP), today slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. what he cannot do.
"The Diary Department will encourage farmers and milk producers to market their milk.
Hyderabad: Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao today told the State Legislative Assembly that he too does not have a birthday.
Shillong, November 20 : U Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang Constituency together with MDC Bah Lamphrang Blah on Saturday 19th November 2022 launched two books written by Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh Mawphlang. The Golden Thylliej for the first part of Khasi Proverbs and the second for the second part of Poetry from La Ri.
Before the distribution of food items and Kombol to these children, a short meeting was held led by the President of the Union, Alan Niangti.
“Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in Meghalaya, we have seen that doctors, nurses and ASHA workers have worked hard to curb the spread of the corona virus. I recognize them all for paying their salaries so that they can continue to work harder for the good of the state as a whole”.
I appeal to the government to bring him back safely”.
So Jesus died, was resurrected, and ascended to heaven in a cloud.
“I have asked the party leadership to release me to contest this election,” said Soni Bareh, speaking on his desire to contest the election. “Because those who have just started to vote, who have reached the age of 18, as soon as they know that they have voted, they thought they would get money, but I want and want to change the mindset of the youth to understand that the election itself is not money”.
As part of the programme, Conrad Sangma also welcomed Sunmoon Marak and his supporters to the party.
There are also those who go to Nongdom Secondary School, which is nearby.
They were identified as Amly Sutnga, 20, son of Bilistone Mallang and Bren Dkhar, 20, of Moolamylliang village.
Speaking to reporters, KSU leaders including Samla Banjoplang Maring, President Samla Stevenson Kharkrang and others said that the reason for the raid was The writing came after they were shocked to see the border crossings by Assam in the border areas with Meghalaya.
Avoid bathing and washing clothes or touching water, and avoid flooded areas to avoid being struck by white light.
There were also discussions and plans on how to guide the youth to avoid the involvement in illegal activities such as drunkenness, smoking, smoking, marijuana, bhang and drugs, child marriage and and they did it.
Police said the suspects are between the ages of 21 and 63, and 40 are believed to be from Poland while others are suspected of being Aston Villa fans have said "there was a terrible noise here" outside Villa Park ahead of the team's European Conference League match against the club from Poland.
Ma Brightstar Chyrmang is a former leader of the JYF and will contest the MDC election from the National People's Party (NPP).
Tomorrow, the 2nd match will be between Dongmihsngi and N.S.A at 3 pm.
The strike has also affected many passengers from Ri-Bhoi District who are going to different places and many of the drivers of commercial vehicles have to wait for vehicles from Assam and private vehicles just to reach the area. to their destinations and even the earnings of drivers.
“The question is whether we as legislators can oppose or approve the resolution without knowing the provisions of the UCC Bill.
At this meeting, the new Minister was congratulated on his success in carrying out his duties.
Before the break, City scored another goal from the penalty spot in the 91st minute when Haaland shot to take the player to 27 goals this season.
Khliehriat, November 02 : It is a pleasant fact to know that in East Jaintia Hills District, there are many farmers who can feed not only their families, but also the district and the country. The President of the Hill Farmers Union, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Danosha Tlang, said this on the occasion of the Farmers' Day. Ground at Dkhiah West today.
When people dress differently, it honors the unique gender that God created us.
The fighters who have not prepared are Rounak Nongrum, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Bijon Dey, Himan C Phukan, Manish K Rai and Lerry G Sangma.
During the search operation, a Tata Tigor (TR01-BT-0265) fled the checkpoint at Nongsning and sped away.
Shillong, Lber 19 : The East Garo Hills Cricket Association (MCA) on Saturday won the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the MCA on Saturday.
According to the statement, 17 persons were arrested from the area under the jurisdiction of Kokrajhar PS, 44 from the area under the jurisdiction of Gossaigaon PS, cases from Dotma PS, 10 cases from Kachugaon PS, 9 cases from Kazigaon, 14 cases from Fakiragram PS, 10 cases from Bagribari PS and 6 from the area under the jurisdiction of Serfanguri PS. According to sources, in Kokrajhar district, police have seized 204 drugs. cases relating to child marriage.
It is not known in what form or issue they will discuss but according to information, the PMO office has directed the two states to resolve the issue in a way that is acceptable to both sides.
Therefore, the families of infants who are victims of violence must provide cooperation with the investigating police so that justice prevails at the end of the trial.
In Garo Hills, the people are farther ahead than us.
This came after beating Lawei SC 6-0 in the first half on Friday at the Polo Ground.
Umrit SC and Mulait United won on the third day of the Meghalaya State League 2023 on Tuesday.
Matthew 2:8-12.
He said that Bah Wanshalan and his family have turned against the CCIB and especially the land owners because they have ignored the voice against the signboard in the border areas.
He also urged the villages which do not yet have VDPs to set up and register themselves in collaboration with the police.
The deaths are from EKH: 07, RBD: 01 and WJH: 01. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 497 people have been confirmed with the disease. The number of cases has risen to 5797 in the State.
Also present on the occasion were MLA of Shella constituency, Bah Balajied Synrem as the chief guest and MDC of Shella constituency, Bah Teiñwell Dkhar.
Mehbooba's meeting came a few days after she received her passport after three years of applying for renewal.
Shillong: YBSC Shella have reached the final of the 5th Mawryngkneng Invitational Knockout Football Tournament-2019 after beating Breaveheart FC Mawryngkneng on Saturday.
This MTB sport is for special cyclists/bike riders who ride fast on special paths about 35 or up to 40 km without stopping and which they have to complete in a quick time.
In fact, foreign workers are only employees or traders, and they have no right to be the owners, the arrogant, the arrogant and the arrogant in our Khasi Khasi Jaintia country.
The maximum temperature in Bihar was 45°C on Sunday.
Glory to the Creator, don't forget, Even if the days are far away;
With this, it is clear that the AITC wants to involve Meghalaya in the same disaster and that the people will suffer. problems.
“I am surprised that the EC under the leadership of Thom and the government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma have not been able to pay the salaries of the employees.
According to the statement, these Garo organizations have stood together with these people on the border of Meghalaya and Assam and said that the Meghalaya government will take responsibility for the cause. all the various incidents that have affected the Garo people living on the border.
The collapse of this road in Lumshnong happened on the 16th of this month.
We expect the expenditure to be about T.17-18 crore per annum,” he added.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) will prepare for the final round of the Santosh Trophy this year.
The DCs will include in the Committee various departments from the Department of Agriculture, PWD, Forest and other departments in the districts.
At the same time, the union strongly opposes the company for cleaning this road during the rainy season and suggests that it should be cleaned during the clear weather to avoid the deterioration of the road.
“We will take strong action against anyone in Meghalaya.
“Prestone, with his many years of experience in the state politics, will take over from Dr Kharlukhi and further strengthen the NPP in Meghalaya and the North East.
“The allegations have now come true, the people of Sohiong will take a decision today to support the NPP under the banner of Bah Samlin. document".
“As the BJP leader in the state, I have always talked to all the MLAs from any party, and I have met and talked to them,” said BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh. Speaking to Rupang on Saturday.
For example, the Bible says that God created us in His image and created Adam first and from Adam came Eve, but in the tradition of What do you think about this? As far as I know, we only have myths.
The winners of this tournament will qualify for the country's boxing programs and those who win will go to Italy for the Olympic qualifying tournament.
Therefore, the MLA said that it is necessary for all the MLAs in the MDA government to urge the Prime Minister to reconsider the decision to dismiss the police involved in this incident. not until the investigation is completed, as this may lead to instability in the State as a whole.
He said that the Seng will support any group that appeals to the Court against the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
Police rushed to the scene and rescued Amit Singh, Additional Superintendent of Police, Imphal East.
The Seng of Hynniewtrep, Hynniewtrep, through this statement, announces that the annual “Thank you God to the people of the country” will be held on the 03rd of this month at Bañiun, Mylliem Syiemship, Upper Shillong. June 2021.
Hame Shabong won the Best Goalkeeper award, Batskhem Thangkhiew the Best Player award and Wilbert Marbaniang the Top Scorer award. col.
The deterioration of this road has caused a lot of trouble to the people who walk and stand through this highway.
At the same time, Bah Sniawbhalang said that as the Minister of Transport, he has taken the initiative to talk to the Central Government to allocate funds for the construction of the 8 lane road from Khanapara to Byrnihat and the 4-lane road from Umroi to Umroi. Ri-lum Jaintia to improve the traffic and avoid traffic jams.
Brishyrnot FC B beat Brishyrnot FC B 1-0
Only the name of the village is understood and he said that he is from Mihmyntdu village in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Shillong has risen to
In Haryana, the BJP is expected to win 35 seats, the Congress 32 and the JJP 12 seats, one of the closest candidates.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya 2023 and Miss Teen 2023 will represent the State at the beauty pageants to be held in the North East and across the country.
In Shillong, there were riots in several parts of the city on the day of the registration of voters and protests from civil society groups and NGOs. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that it accepts such objections and has urged the opponents to send their notices to the Election Commission officers in the state.
When asked for clarification, the CEM said that there are many problems for the employees of the Council if they hold the post of Rangbah Shnong, because the Rangbah Shnong has been issued with a Sanad. Council and at the same time works within the Council.
“Can we rely on ourselves, in buying goods from outside? I don't want to blame anyone, but if we had thought earlier, the middle class wouldn't have faced a heavy burden,” Modi said at a ceremony to open lyer shet distribution centers in Tamil Nadu.
Bah RM ShabongThe State Government, it is understood, intends to hold a special session on the 19th of this month, to decide on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) and if it succeeds, it will. It is a great and special day for the Khasi Jaintia people and the State as a whole.
The CoMSO started the protest on Tuesday by carrying a flag to express its concern over the mismanagement of the State Government to pass the ILP Act to prevent the illegal entry of foreign authorities into the State.
He said that the total allocation for women in the GBS 2024-25 is 38.6 percent, which is more than the budget for 2023-2
“I have forgotten what he said, but our great leaders, like Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley and Babulal Gaur Yadav, have passed away and this makes me think about what the Maharaj said. , that it's true" she further said.
The incident happened at 10.20 pm at Dulongnar, when it was reported that the two friends were coming from Mawtnum area on a scooty and were trying to return to Mawtnum, but when they were on their way back to Mawtnum, The driver of the scooty (pillion) died on the spot and the driver of the scooty was injured.
He also defeated Kazakhstan's Amangali Rahimbayev and Chinese Zhang Haifeng in the quarterfinals and semifinals.
On 2nd November 2021, a rally was held at Press Club, Moulvi Bazar demanding that the land rights of Khasi and Garo people in the area should be restored. They also held a public march on the 6th November 2021, in order to bring about understanding among the communities in the area.
The Government will have to amend Schedule 5 to include any languages ​​that become part of the languages ​​in Schedule
They shall meet and discuss all matters.
We are firmly in the foundation".
Speaking on the MCCL, the UDP candidate said that he is concerned about the factory and therefore he takes responsibility as a child of MCCL. to pass up to four laws in the District Council which have been approved by the Governor.
The period of 7 years or the last days mentioned at Daniel 9:2
He said that the decision to take the loan has already been approved by the Central Government, which will pay T.720 crore and the State Government will pay the remaining T.280 crore.
He said that even in the Ferro Alloy factories which use rnga, inspections have been conducted from time to time to see if anyone is misusing rnga in their factories.
Later, the HALC was abolished and a new party, the HNLC, was formed in 1997 and he was the General Secretary of the party.
In the past few days, INL has also launched a new Nippo Brand Logo – as part of the company's 50th Anniversary Celebration.
However, even the MPs of the state have not taken any action to follow up on this issue in Delhi.
On this occasion, Dr Syiem also spoke on the sad issue that has happened around the world where people who are older than they end their lives, perhaps because of neglect. to their own children or because of the inability to work or farm because of advanced age.
On the formation of a coalition government with many other parties, the HSPDP candidate said that in this era of coalition government, it is impossible to escape and this is not only in Meghalaya but also in all the states of India.
The saints are people who have no blemishes in life, but without fail they carry the signs of suffering, the signs of injury throughout their lives.
He showed his humility and selflessness as a Governor by being photographed with those who came forward to greet him.
The incident happened at noon when the mother of the children, Man Challam, went on Saturday.
The team was congratulated by the MCA in the presence of President Naba Bhattacharjee, Honorary Secretary Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Treasurer Dhrubajyoti Thakuria and other other.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced the long list of players who have been awarded the honours. The Central Contract (CC) for the 2022-23 season.
The employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the failure of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who had promised to release the funds of the council about Rs 30 crore earlier. of Bethesda.
They said that they have gone to demand that the Social Welfare Officer, Kong Pakynteiñ, should stop the interview.
(Luke 29:43-45.15:31-34) But his disciples did not understand this because their unbelief did not understand them.
Dwayne Johnson has married his girlfriend of 12 years.
The Dkhar gave him a shipiah.
At the same time, he demanded that Shella MDC Teinwel Dkhar should resign because he has not said or done anything on the issue of trading licenses to other ethnic groups in Majai, Ichamati. and in the land of Shelah.
Dr Aman War said this while speaking as the chief guest at the Seng Samla Nongmali-III on Saturday.
On July 28, 2023, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) approved measures to continue the Urea Subsidy Scheme and encourage the adoption of organic fertilizers. 370,128.7 crore.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong, has once again demonstrated its commitment to train talented people and also to promote the dignity of this region.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, today announced the closure of the house of Sawan Singh Raso, Them Metor, due to the presence of new cases of covid-1 Mawlonghat and will be operational from 30th November 2020, according to a government statement.
You have heard that even today he spoke about that hill which my mother gave me to take care of and cultivate.
Police have seized these trucks along with the coal and arrested all three drivers.
The JHADC Staff Association had filed a contempt of court petition against the JHADC and the Meghalaya government on November 11 last year.
Scientists from the Central Building Research Institute will look into the collapses in Joshimath, the area most affected by the earthquake, said the Chamoli district chief.
At the same time, Bah PN Syiem said that a meeting of the 53 Himas will be held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall on Tuesday. on the political situation in the state which has caused many problems after the protests of the political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The top 30 participants will receive financial assistance of T 5.0 Lakhs (Five Lakh) for the setting up of training centers or opening business opportunities within the training centres. there is no relationship with them.
It is also alleged that the robbers knieh and shot the women believers who came to offer water to God at the temple in which many people were injured.
On the distribution of seats, the Chief Minister said that the number of NPP Ministers in the government may not be according to the wishes as there are many MLAs but what has been decided is to distribute them all.
The Barefoot Trust has conducted this training in all districts of Meghalaya.
Dr Mukul said that these festivals have been financially supported by the government according to their request.
No place of worship shall be used to give talks on elections.
However, these people admitted that this is their land and allegedly tried to attack the residents of Assam.
An officer from the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department said that 8,177 cows have been affected by lumpy skin disease (LSD) and 5,884 cows have contracted the disease and 101 cows have died.
Bhalang arranged with his brother to continue running the shop while he was recovering.
(Further details can be found in the booklet 'Aadhaar Number and Aadhaar Card' released today.
Shillong, July 1: The Dorbar Shnong, Jaiaw Laitdom has held a program for the recipients of the State and National Awards of Jaiaw Laitdom on 28th June,
Shillong: AICC Secretary Zenith M Sangma today demanded an independent inquiry into the appointment of 124 personnel within MeECL without any advertisement. ).
Companies manufacturing TIKA in the West have already received protection from the courts to prevent them from being prosecuted if there is any harmful effect on the human body from this TIKA. What is the negative impact of this TIKA, why have these companies not asked for and received protection from the law? For these reasons, these orders of the Deputy Commissioners which refer to the compulsion to take TIKA even if it is against the will of the individual which is the fundamental right of the people, are against the rules governing procedures to protect public health.
You can't sit on the opposite side.
In the third division, Mawpat and Umphrup had to share 10 points after a goalless draw.
“The DC works for the people and not for the government and selfish people,” said the President of KSU JHDU, Samla Streamly.
“As leaders, we are surprised because we didn't think because they too have prepared and invited applications for those who want to contest this election from Tura and Shillong.
Shillong: The Lakadong Elaka Knockout Football Tournament 2021-22 has been held at Lama village.
The Amrit Stambh of women's power will play a major role in building a prosperous India,” said Prime Minister Duh.
This policy has been implemented in accordance with Resolution No. PER 272/71/138, dated 12th January, 1972 of the Personnel Department.
Shillong: The remains of Samla Ranisha Syiemlieh, Shillong, have been laid to rest this afternoon, 25th July
He said that it was thanks to his initiative as the Minister of Urban Affairs, that the garbage dump was opened to the public today.
“However, we are still reviewing this because there are advantages and disadvantages.
The Seng also demands that the Government should deliver more oxygen cylinders in the district because at present, although the population is large, the number of oxygen cylinders in the CHCs and PHCs is still low. There are less than 80 cases in the area, said a statement from Samla Forwardman Nongrem.
Worldly works means any works that are not related to the works of God or the Church or any works outside the four walls of the temple are worldly works and are not for the saints or those who have been destroyed. those who have been “born twice” to participate.
According to the complaint, the abduction happened on 7th July and the girl is 19 years old.
While some of them have lost their strength, it will surely stir up their strength for years.
He said that the Working Group will send all the discussions at the meeting to the Chairman of the MSPB, Salseng Marak, for his approval.
Drinking is terrible in these times.
By putting “customers first” by being inspired by the desires of the people, the introduction of this Hilux is a milestone for us to bring happiness to many people.
Nongstoin, June 5: U MLA of Nongstoiñ, Bah Macmillan Byrsat today sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD (Road) Department to direct the contractor to construct the Nongstoiñ-Sohpian road. follow the instructions in the Detail Project Report.
In the counting of votes, Metbah Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP) received 19,066 votes while Batskhem Ryntathiang received 18,911 votes.
He said that the people of the State have already had a close relationship with the environment since ancient times, and as the State we are blessed with the beauty of the environment which our ancestors have protected.
There was also a strong suspicion that the child was a newborn child and had been betrayed by his parents who did not know who they were.
On the other hand, he said that he had suggested from the beginning that the Act East Policy should not be taken as a whole, by expressing the need to have their own zones so that This Policy may be enforced.
The Director General of Police (DGP) on Friday said that if the youths have any reason, they should come and talk to the police to resolve any problems. that they meet but not to shoot and shake hands without cause.
The union also warned the people of the area not to burn forests especially during the rainy season as it destroys the environment.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
On this 50th anniversary, I pay tribute to the teachers and health workers who have sacrificed themselves.
Mann said the name of Gurminder Singh was accepted for the post of AG at the Cabinet meeting.
Also present on the occasion were the Sub-Junior and Junior Trials for the selection and if selected they will take part in the tournament in Nongbah. Orissa will be soon.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S.Mawthoh, Organizing Secretary, said that the RBSU is very surprised to find that the village leaders of the area have come forward for the to clarify on the RTI, because in fact they did not find information from the village, but they sought from the government and asked for clarification on the implementation of development works in the village. The Airport Authority of India has allocated special funds for the construction of development works in these villages near the airport.
When the results came, more than half of the students failed.
If those hospitals abroad can treat, while here they cannot, I feel that the word 'Hospital' should be abolished; but it should not be called 'Health Care Centre' or 'First Aid Centre'
Police said that these were the same intelligence officers who had raised the flags of the HNLC in recent years on the orders of the leaders who had fled the HNLC from Bangladesh.
Short speeches were delivered by Jaintia Unit President Kishon Kharsahnoh and Jongsha Unit Secretary Olet Kharsahnoh.
The owner is filled with joy to see his businesses prospering.
Nongpoh: U Ferdynald K. Kharkamni, President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, today appeared before the District & Session Judge, Nongpoh. The Court has ordered Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkmani to remain in Judicial Custody for 14 days after he has spent 1 day in Police Custody for investigation. the Police.
These findings may be surprising, but it was noted that this training is beneficial, because drinking plenty of water especially after 15-20 minutes of eating helps to lose weight.
“He said that the North East Chess Tournament will be held in Arunachal Pradesh soon.
Lionel Daryl Rymmei has been included in the India squad as one of the goalkeepers for the 2013 World Cup. The SAFF U-19 Championship will be held in Kathmandu, Nepal from the 21st to the 30th of this month.
According to Bajoria, the dam is old and made of wood and the damage has been severe.
“She has done many things on various programs and in Jal Jeevan all the support we have received from the Central Government especially in Garo Hills has come from the MP especially when we need to talk to them. Minister of State or Central Government to ask for assistance,” he said.
Ms M Nongtdu, Coordinator Childline explained about the work of Childline to help children who are in need or neglected and can be informed to Childline by calling
Arkijuh Dkhar, a resident of Khliehriat, is a very intelligent young man who has contributed to the country and the nation, to the society through articles that carry the thoughts of the people. to build the society, as well as those who share information about the new things that the people need to know, on this occasion, this young man has put up this article which is like a wake-up call to the youth and the public about the unemployment in the state.
He said that 40 years is a long time, but despite these difficulties, journalists have continued to work to serve the people and to strengthen democracy.
They are strong plants that are very effective and helpful during the rainy season.
On the part of his wife, Indalin Lyngdoh Marshilong, she said that she too trusts in God and in these things it is His guidance, who is high, and requests the people to please join in prayer for her. The wife of Bah Tiklu, also congratulated the government for taking action on this incident.
At Savio Juniorate, he trained himself in studies to prepare to become a 'Religious of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco; he has also trained in the study of various subjects and in other fields such as agriculture and music.
Besides walking, you can also take part in dancing, walking or any other sports.
Referring to the agriculture sector, the Governor said the government has also launched the Meghalaya Milk Mission to increase milk production in the state and for this purpose T. 215 crore for the project along with a subsidy of T.54 crore for the pig farming, he said.
This is part of the North Eastern Council (NEC) which has been implemented by the Government of India through the Digital Classroom.
The program will focus on the main issues of demanding from the Government itself to implement the “Health FREEDOM” and to end this tyranny. on all the people who should live freely in their own country and nation, which is also a Democratic Country.
These foreigners are working in the market and building houses.
The NPP, which leads the MDA government in the state, is an ally of the BJP in the NDA. In fact, the MDA government had earlier strongly opposed the Bill and The Cabinet has also taken a decision but it appears that the Central Government has not listened to the opposition of the MDA, which also includes the BJP. Organization (NESO), has been conducting a smooth operation in Ri Bhoi and has not found any incident that has caused tragedy, but there has been only a traffic jam in some parts of the highway. NH-6.
“Only 27-28 percent have taken the injection to protect themselves.
To be clear, once the Head of State of India has found that the Khadar administration in the State is in danger (because of lack of cooperation and because of confusion), he Khlieh – Duh cannot without announcing that he will hand over the administration of the State to the Government of India until changes are made after proper arrangements according to the demands of the matter.
Robert also strongly criticized the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP for auctioning about 18 sq kilometers of land to Assam through the MoU on the border settlement and all these land belong to Khasi Jaintia and not from Khasi Jaintia. area Garo Hills.
At the same time it is important to recognize these signs of exposure to take appropriate steps so that stress can be reduced and controlled.
The job of MLAs is to fight, advocate and make laws.
When asked whether she will take the matter to the Prime Minister, she said, “We will discuss what will happen, and I hope there will be a solution because we have to solve it, but instead I come as a person who works with Bah Ardent"
When I arrived in northern India, someone asked me where I was from. I answered from Meghalaya, the questioner said that he had read and knew that there are three indigenous tribes in Meghalaya, the Garo, the Khasi and the Jaintia.
When we held a meeting, the people said that we needed a suitable person and so when four or five people were elected, many of the party supporters, including the Rangbah Shnong and the religious leaders came and forced me to fight.
:Former East-Shillong MLA Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint against the spread of false messages on WhatsApp with the intention of disrupting the upcoming elections. .
There is probably a good reason why rice cannot be grown on land that was once cultivated; and it may be that the disease of the wheat may grow; but this is not a good reason why we cannot plant another plant in the same field.
The song was composed by Khlaiñbor Kharpan and performed by Mardiwi Langshiang and the band.
Suggestions for improving mental health.
Shillong: Meghalaya and Bangladesh have a 443 km border area and over the years, besides sharing knowledge related to agriculture, culture, income and intellectual property , the turnover between the country and Meghalaya has reached Rs 630 crore.
Jowai, March 24: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) West Jaintia Hills on Saturday held a training camp for its newly joined members at the dorbar hall. of the Chilean Kingdom, Jowai.
This problem of the residents is not new, but from time to time it has been reported to the relevant authorities but no change has been seen.
Teach a man to fish and it will provide food for the shirta’.
He remembers that when he was younger, he used to eat only clean or clean rice.
Guillermo, 58, who is also a director, hopes to direct more animation films in the coming years and says such films attract children and young people as well. .
Letting others speak for him can lead to many injuries and problems.
There are also reports that Alia has gone to sew her own clothes for this special day in her life.
The semi finals in the two categories will be held on Saturday.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF and HANM Ri Bhoi Sepngi, today inspected a border road in Ri Bhoi and Jirang Constituency. They also received complaints from the residents that the road is too bad and has caused too much trouble to the residents of the area.
He scored 129 runs before losing the second wicket in a partnership with Pushkar Raj, who supported him with 67 runs from 58 balls (8x4s, 2x6s).
In the next 24 hours, heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas.
If the Meghalaya government doesn't have this map released by the state government, I am ready to hand over this map to them,” said the VPP legislator. The Chief Minister said that the issues raised by the MLA from Nongkrem constituency only confirm the position of the state government on the ownership of the land within the border. study.
Laitkor are the only team to have won five games in Group-A and are two points ahead of PFR, which has dropped to second place.
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Lyiur Dorbar of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has ended on Tuesday. Dr. Sanki Shangpung.
Shillong: An 84-year-old man, who tested positive for COVID-19, has died at Tura Civil Hospital on the night of 22nd July. COVID-19 has reached five cases.
Other speakers included the Secretary of the Seiñraij, Arworki Sumer while the welcome speech was delivered by H.Passah, Vice President of the Seiñraij Jowai.
Nongstoiñ: The Mawshynrut C&RD Block in collaboration with the VECs of Seinduli Village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division today conducted a tree planting program for 10 days. The National Highway is from Riwiang to Nongshram.
The Sapet Bneiñ Sacrifice was held at Lawkyntang (Khloo Blai) of Ialong Village which started at 9 pm with thanksgiving before the sacrifice of the Masi and ended in the evening with the cleansing ceremony. the meat prepared on the kait leaf, by the children of the Raij including Wahiajer, Nongkhyllep and Ïalong.
In the 2014 KHADC elections, Bah Kior contested from the UDP and came second with more than 5,000 votes while the incumbent MDC of Umroi received more than 6,000 votes.
These robbers have taken the law into their own hands and are committing illegal acts.
And they are the most susceptible to diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis C. Those who sell these drugs are very rich – by destroying the lives and families of others.
Shillong: Robbers have detonated a petrol bomb in a Gypsy vehicle (ML 01 5716) at Nongmensong today.
He was speaking on a motion tabled by the Legislative Assembly on the working methods of the current Executive Committee.
In its order, the Division Bench said, “Besides the problem of charging high prices for water trucks distributing water around the city, the Government should immediately impose rules and regulations. The multi-year and short-term plan and how the Government will know how much water demand will be 20 years later”.
On the other hand, EKH took wickets before Marconi Phawa came to help the team score 33 runs from 30 balls (2x4s, 3x6s). reach 100.
I was shocked just thinking about this.
There are currently 968 confirmed cases, 125 recoveries and four deaths.
When the State is rich, all the departments of the Government will be fully equipped, and it is the duty of these departments to work for the State as a whole, not just in individual constituencies.
Now they are the tires, but they will turn into drivers and drive us wherever they want.
When I look at this kindness of the government, I can say that it has acted like the sons of kings compared to those other youths who come back and fall out of the pla and have to provide themselves with a quarantine room. .
If we look at the life of generations from one generation to another, knowledge has increased in various fields until we reach this generation where we can do or accomplish work with machines. or whether it is this one part that has changed many of us who are selfish and who want to be happier as needed.
In this way the Bible has been misrepresented just to justify their own ideas or beliefs.
There are 19 recoveries from the disease.
The song is composed and edited by DJ Wanshan and 1st AC, Wan-O Archwa Gatphoh. Kharmawlang, Vanessa M Pyngrope & Joachim Damian Kharkongor.
Especially those Khasi of ours who have married foreigners sometimes find that they don't even speak the Khasi language at home, because they are sad.
These steps include promoting infrastructure for connectivity and promoting tourism.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said the show cause notice is groundless and undermines the working methods of government officers in the state.
It is learned that on the 16th of this month the CEM will visit Majai to resolve the issues of the Raid.
On the opening day of the tournament, Tluh SCSC drew 1-1 with Mulait United FC. Besides the MPs, MLA Ma Shitlang Pale, MDCs, District Sports Officer East were also present. Jaintia, Khroobok Passah and others among others.
On the other hand, the group, which has about 1,000 members and about 800 employees, has been dismissed without any law or order whether it is the decision of the government or the Cabinet to dismiss. employ them and without any reasons, the government has done only to remove their names from the work, by bringing in unfounded employment issues.
On the roads, Conrad said that in 2018-19, the allocation for the PMGSY scheme was T.1050 crore from T.220 crore in 2017-1 The Central Road Fund has increased to T.250 crore from T.60-70 crore.
At the same time, the Sports Department of the state is monitoring and monitoring these athletes and has set a target that these athletes should receive the best training.
He said that this is the first time that the Khasi National Union (KNU) will hold a protest at Jantar Mantar which is the capital of the country. jam the voice of the prayer.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that he does not want to say anything yet and the name of the new Chief Secretary of the government will be announced. it's time.
The Minister of State in charge of Rural Development expressed his gratitude to the MRSLS and NRLM for their hard work in explaining to the people in different villages about the benefits of having Self Help Groups.
It is worth mentioning that in the election of the new leaders of the KSU, there were no candidates for the posts of President, Vice President and General Secretary. Marngar as President, Donald V Thabah as General Secretary and Biangbor Paliar as Vice President.
The state will know whether we have secret marriages or not, besides whether we have our own marriages.
He was God who became man from the time he was born.
The program was held at Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School, Amlarem Sub-Division and was conducted by Bah E.Kyndait, LDA of DSWO Office. , Deputy Chairman JHADC was also present.
A man from Umsyiem village who works as a businessman in Tamabil sent a message and a picture to Rupang via Whattapp on the 25th of this month in which he wrote in a long article about the incident.
FIFPRO has also released its World Cup 2022 Post-Tournament Review and Player Survey and said that the results of its actions are only unrest and fear. athletes from different countries in terms of mental and physical injuries and other injuries sustained in sports.
The four survivors, Gulu, Shah Alam, Azgar Ali and Atwar Ali, are all from Kaimbathapara village under Phulbari police station.
“What I am concerned about is that these contractors who have taken to do these works have not taken action to complete them.
Yes, we will not go any further on these incidents, because the Forum together with others have expressed our feelings on these incidents, and urge the youth of the country who deserve to be angry, not to do any acts that will cause disturbance of the normal peace and order.
“If Bernard feels that there is a threat to his life, why didn't he lodge an FIR to get protection from the government and why did he run away,” said Prestone. The raid was conducted after police received a tip on the incident.
Speaking as the chief guest, MDC Umroi Constituency, Bah RR Kharbuki, expressed his delight to be able to take part in the opening ceremony of this Public Toilet. The 154th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi as the great leader of the country who brought about the country's independence from the British rule.
Khliehriat, July 28: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Jaintia Zone today lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station against two foreign employees of Topcem Company, Arun. Kejriwal and another, who used insulting remarks on the 24th of this month during a public hearing held at Thangskai.
At present, the PDF has two MLAs, Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh and Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem.
“The complainants have already said that they will have the majority to join one party but to say that we have more than 2/3 of the majority,” he said.
He criticized the UDP for being a NEDA group and should have told BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sharman to oppose the CAB and if he opposes the CAB, he (Bah RV Lyngdoh) Other participants included Bah Paul Lyngdoh who said that what will be the benefit of the UDP, Congress and other flags if the CAB is implemented? The central government has power, it will change the theme of the world's conversation.
Before the end of the first half, Oresterwell Langshiang managed to turn the tide for Meghalaya in the 87th minute.
At the same time, Allfond requested all the members to prepare their questions to the government regarding agriculture and to send them to him within the 12 noon on the 29th of this month to submit to the Government for preparation of replies.
Not only that, it was reported that in November, 2018, the company, launched another new initiative and that is to introduce e-bikes, due to the increase in the price of petrol and thereby collecting money again. , at a much lower price, than previously paid.
The source said the body was found in a room of the Leela Hotel.
Nongkrem MLA and Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the allegation against him over the kilo cut of agricultural products is shocking and ridiculous.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has held a meeting with officers from various departments of the State Government to ensure the smooth implementation of projects whether they are construction projects or not. new including projects related to road construction.
In this regard, it can be said that it is the negligence of the local authorities.
When politics is related to these areas, we understand that we cannot escape politics, because we need it in the villages, in the churches and in the various organizations or groups.
The AIM through a petition has requested the management of the Synod College to arrange for liability in accordance with the rules of liability on education without misleading or even introducing a path of forced leadership over the pandemic. Experimental works on animals and even putting the lives of students at great risk in the future.
Bipin Ray took 1/8 and Lokesh Turaha 1/12 were the other wicket-takers.
In the presence of Vice President Kitbok Nongphlang, Agriculture Secretary Briss Mawthoh, President of Jaintia Zone Tuesday Lytep, leaders of West Jaintia and East Jaintia Hills Districts and others.
To receive the worship and service together and to thank God who sent the first Missionary Pastor Thomas Jones-1 and his wife Anne Jones who arrived in Sohra on the 22nd July 1841 to plant the the seed of the good news of salvation in the Lord Jesus.
The Director also informed that the District authorities of West Garo Hills have taken immediate measures to ensure the safety of the residents of the area.
In a statement, the SP of West Khasi Hills said that the police department of the district expects the cooperation of all the residents and tourists who visit the district.
We are extremely concerned about this," she added.
Shillong: Member of the National Minorities Commission (NMC) Manjit Singh Rai today visited the residences of metor drivers in Iewmawlong area, Shillong following an incident.
of Assam, Shri R Chowdhury, General Manager Oil India Limited (OIL), Mr.M K Saharia, NorthEast Council, ICC and Nakib Ahmed.
Gajendra Singh Shekhawat today visited the Aganwadi Center in Umdihar to meet with the children and later held a meeting with government officials at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. to find out about the implementation of development projects through the Central Government in this Aspirational District.
Although the National People's Party (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (United Democratic Party) have agreed to win more than 30 MLAs in the 2023 elections, the Congress has not yet been counted. The MLAs have joined other parties in the past few days.
Ex.Rev K.LangrinYoung people are those who are still young, who are still active and interested in whatever they see, hear and hear from their friends.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 22: A child aged 1 year and 11 months has died after falling and drowning in a pond near his house on Thursday evening. It is located in the village of Mawiawet.
The husband of the woman , Man Singh , said that Jitendra used to monitor and harass his wife from time to time , used to phone her from time to time and used to call her from time to time , and threatened to take away Pinky from him, said Man Singh, who works in Gurugram.
The High Court has directed the state government and NHAI to report next month on the progress of the work.
The HNLC said that while the peace talks are ongoing, the HNLC is determined to continue and will lead them to reap the fruits of victory.
The Core Committee on the Reservation Policy will include intellectuals, intellectuals and political party leaders to discuss the issue, said Jersom, who is also the President of the JSU. of the People's Party (VPP) has made it clear that it will focus more on newcomers to become candidates of the party than on those who have contested elections from other political parties.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Moses Pyrtuh, Music Instructor of JPMMS and Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Rangbah Shnong of Jongksha.
Therefore, if there is a lack of representation in education or society, such as representation in government jobs, that is a backwardness.
The arrested were identified as Shahid Ahmad Lone, son of Ab Rashid Lone, resident of Chotipura Shopian and Waseem Ahmad Ganie, son of Ab Hamid Ganie, resident of Shopian. Shopian Branch.
In the first match, the Kingsmen beat Don Rua 80-75, in the second match, DSE beat Don Rua 60-4 In the third match, Onyx beat Chutwakhu 51-1
On the other hand, the government authorities have also collected samples from the fish that these people have caught and also from the fish sold in the market by a resident.
We urge all the students who have the opportunity to sit for this CUET examination. Be brave so that you can face many challenges.
On the other hand, Bah Lamare has sent a complaint to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on 25.08.2023, and a copy has been sent to the NHRC. Thangskai village council has issued a notice to the police involved in the incident.
He said that the plan to build this sanctuary started in 2014 but due to lack of funds it could not be built, but in 2021 a tender was called and the construction started which was completed on time.
Finally, I would like to urge the District Council to look into this matter carefully and not to commercialize it, as well as the “Tymmen u San” of the Khasi religion.
The resignation of Abhisar Sharma, one of the news anchors of ABP News channel in November 2018, shows this.
However, the government has not decided on the cost of the park and added that the budget being prepared will be around Rs 540 crore to Rs 550 crore.
He said that they have the documents issued by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Therefore, this action, makes this writer understand, that the ground floor of the Civil Hospital, is not for the visitors, not for the medicines, to park, but, The hospital grounds are the right of the employees of the Civil Hospital, where if there are cases where they don't drive, it will remain empty all day long.
Investigations have shown that most of those involved in this case belong to a new political party who want to rise in Delhi by standing against the BJP and increasing fear of the BJP. .I don’t want to name this political party.
In this way, the Officer or even the LDA of the DCA is greater than the 120 MDCs of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC, than the Sixth Schedule and than the people who elected them in the MDC elections.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Tongkhar praised the MLA Jowai who has worked hard day and night to achieve the aspiration of the people to get drinking water from Umngot.
“Although about 90% of the shops have been cleaned, there are still about 10% which I have to monitor and if I find that they have not been cleaned at all, I will take the stall numbers of the shops and summon them. “I request those who have not yet cleaned up to take action on this order so that they can avoid any problems in the future,” said Minister War Tynghah.
In Ri Bhoi District, many parties have not yet announced their candidates for the election from the four constituencies, but the voice of the people has been heard. sawa and many candidates have started going to the people to seek their support for the 2023 election in the state.
Rich in Fiber : Jhur palong is rich in fiber which helps to control hunger and prevent overeating at the next meal.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) had earlier sent a letter to Reliance demanding that it pay the money but the letter did not go through. HANM under the leadership of its President Rangbah Lamphrang Kharbani together with the contractor Bakongsan Kharkongor today met with the officials of Reliance Company who have come to visit since the beginning of the year. Kolkata and Delhi to discuss the matter.
After the meeting with the student leaders, the UDP leaders visited the classroom, science block, laboratory and male hostel where they found the problems faced by the students. The college is especially overcrowded in class XI which has up to 6 students in one bench.
The JSU suggests to the government to set up step and night schools for Class XI and Class XII especially for the Arts Stream as most of the students who lose classes are from the Arts stream. The union will not rest and will talk to the government authorities to find ways and means to enroll all the children and youth in the district. .
Speaking on Varthaman's arrest, Mohammad Razzaq Chaudhry, the Rangbah Shnong of Horran in Pakistan, said that he personally visited the scene. when you see that you have fallen to the ground.
The District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District has requested the people of Ri Bhoi District to complain or inform his office through the cvgil app/1 “Those candidates or parties who violate the Model Code of Conduct so that the authorities in charge of this election can act in accordance with the provisions of the Act,” said the statement. District Election Officer.
Daniel 1:9.
Therefore, if we don't want to pay more for that electricity bill, we should allow the blackout to happen.
When you dress neatly at work it makes you smart, clean and responsible for the job you do, but if you don't know how to dress neatly and you don't dress smart and stingy it will be difficult. Especially in this time of unemployment.
Therefore, once again, the paid knup paid trap will have to cover the stone and the tree.
Khongwir said that besides the Lasara Play School, the women's organization also awards prizes to the children who pass and do well in various examinations who live in Mawkhar.
The Secretary of Mawlai Nongkwar Village, Bah E. Mond, said that the Village Council has received nearly Rs 1.50 crore from Bah Teiborlang Pathaw.
There were also people from the border villages of Myanmar who came to take part in the rally.
The Meghalaya Assembly Election 2018 on 27th February 2018 will be the first MLA election since the beginning of the Meghalaya Assembly Election in
They cut down the trees that continued to build their houses.
The road from Wahingdoh to Jaiaw via Riatsamthiah will be No Entry for 24 hours.
The driver sustained serious injuries and was rushed to PHC Umkiang.
Merrickson surrendered to Laitumkhrah Police Station and police have registered a case against him and are conducting investigation.
At the same time, he said the HSPDP has decided to campaign to raise awareness among the people on the need for ILP. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Vice President of the HSPDP and party spokesperson, Bah Ardent.
Shillong, June 5: The KSU CEC will meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh to discuss its opposition to the allocation of land by the Urban Affairs Department to the Nagaland government in front of NEIGRHIMS. will meet at 3:30 pm.
Regarding the inspection and after seeing the building of the college, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, expressed his satisfaction to see that the construction of the college is fast and as it is now. , has almost been completed and what remains is only the minor works, which will soon be opened to the public.
Many experiences come like a ‘dry lap.
He was recognized for his hard work in the welfare of the people and development.
On receiving information about the incident, the villagers immediately informed the fire brigade but due to the delay in the arrival of the fire brigade vehicles, the fire broke out and burnt down all the victims. The cause of the fire is still unknown at the time of publication of this news.
Lake Umïam has an altitude of 3,220 feet.
“Meghalaya has lost up to 1000 thousand acres of land after it was handed over to NEHU and now this Vice Chancellor has made it difficult by calculating the salaries of the state employees and others.
The planting shall be done in a strict manner.
We have football mission, organic mission, aqua mission, green energy mission, apiculture mission, water mission and others but without any benefit to the people of the state”.
Nehemayah said that if he wins, he will help the low income and disabled families and bring about economic development in the constituency.
They have tried hard to expand their party, but perhaps the fruit that the country and the people are experiencing now is indeed very bitter.
However, we have all agreed to do something wrong,” said Pastor Gadew while speaking at the 17th KJP Eastern Synod Service at Lumshnong Presbyterian Church, Narpuh Border Presbytery. .
However, he said that most of the time, the medical college uses departments that Meghalaya doctors don't need.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya as part of the efforts to ensure the repatriation of youths who have returned to the state; Today, all those who intend to return by rail or plane should register by visiting the website or phone at the following numbers from 10 am to 8 pm.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 19: To participate with many poor families in Umdihar area to get warm clothes after the return of the rainy season and especially in preparation for Christmas, the Youth Congress Umsning Constituency today has done a good job by distributing jaiñ kup syaid to many poor families in the villages in Umdihar area.
However, the party has decided not to cover up this illegal act of the police,” said the statement.
Shillong: U Zenith Sangma, Vice President of the All India Trinamool Congress, on Tuesday slammed the Conrad Sangma government, saying that the government has no right to rule the state.
As far as can be understood, all these posts which have been left vacant for the above reasons are those which are called 'sanctioned posts.
Speaking to media after inspecting the two areas where Assam has opposed the development projects introduced by the Meghalaya Government, Bah Sohtun said, “As the people's leader of Jirang Constituency He strongly condemned the violence of the Assam Government in which although they knew that the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya was in progress, they did not agree.
These leaders expressed their views to the people that they should be careful to elect an MP, not by being influenced by others who want to mislead and mislead the people.
SURE has implemented this project in several villages in West and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
Therefore, if they work together, all the votes of the minorities will go to the parties belonging to the INDIA Block.
Through the jait ka khong, we introduce ourselves to the kur.
If they were asked to explain the meaning of another old word that they used to hear, such as 'u kyndang kha', they would probably not know its meaning.
The Government of India has recognized Phan Nonglait as one of the freedom fighters.
In a meeting with the union leaders, officials of Dalmia Company including Plant HR Head Dalmia, Dinesh Kr.
The Wall Street Journal also expressed its concern over his arrest.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Lambokstarwell Marngar, while speaking at a public meeting held at Motphran today, said that in the past, the Bri u Hynniewtrep was forcibly merged with the Government of India. The Indian government has introduced the CAB which aims to discriminate against the minorities in the state.
The Umïam Dam is the reservoir for the wastewater that flows from all over Shillong through the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers.
To date, CPBFI has trained and benefited more than 40,000 youth from urban and rural areas.
After learning of the cause of her son's death, Naik's mother committed suicide.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases and Dharavi has four new cases.
“Therefore, based on all these facts, the Seng strongly requests you to revoke the order issued on 23rd June so that the rights of the residents will not be violated. impact," said the leader in the petition.
Shillong: The Garo Students Union (GSU) has strongly opposed the invitation for an interview by the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) in Guwahati. In a statement, GSU ​​President Tengsak G Momin said that this action of NEHU has given a bad impression to the union that it is a plot to cheat and create fraud. It is a ploy to deprive students from this state of their rights by violating the Reservation Policy.
Andy Biggs, 63, a taxi driver in the city, said that in these bad times, it would have been better if he had been able to pick up passengers only three times a day. per day.
The building which has been under construction for four years has been left empty for four years due to the delay in converting it into a Shillong Medical College or a Tuberculosis Hospital. .
If the cold is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
I need your cooperation regardless of religion and belief so that we can preserve the culture and customs of our people,” said the former MLA of the area, Lahkmen. Rymbui did not speak on that day.
This message is to send to the people that the UDP and Congress are working together.
It is surprising that many schools in the city do not want to take buses to take their children to school as part of reducing traffic jam.
On June 16, 2015, participants from 20 countries signed the Declaration of the World Uranium Symposium in Quebec, Canada to ratify the Declaration of the World Uranium Hearing 1992 (Salzburg, Austria). ), the Indigenous World Uranium Summit 2006 (Navajo Nation, USA) and the PPNW – World Conference 2010 (Basel).
In the 85kg category, Banangaiboklang Fancon (Seng Khasi College) won by defeating Joseph Laltlanhlua (St. Dominic's College).
Kanye held a religious service last Sunday in Indio, California, where he sang religious songs at the special event.
On this occasion, we are the villagers of Mawbidong, South West Khasi Hills District, which is responsible for this beautiful place and attraction for tourists.
Today, it has spread on social media that a person has been infected with coronavirus while being treated at NEIGRIHMS and this news has been confirmed by the NEIGRIHMS authorities as not true.
The AIFF Executive Committee has recently made a proposal to appoint Anthony Andrews, who won the Indian Women's League 2022-23 for Gokulam Kerala. this proposal.
The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) has announced that it will hold a boxing coaching camp for children aged 8 years and above at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“So far, the constituencies of KHADC have been changed three times, first in 1972, then some in 1977-78 and again in 1983-84,” he said. and these Bills have been passed without the need to seek permission from the Governor but his duty is only to accept if they are sufficient and to reject if they are not sufficient.
Aditi Rao Hydari and Vijay Verma will also attend the festival to announce their new film.
“We didn't force anyone to join the NPP but they came because they saw that the party has become stronger and works for the people. don't belong to parties that don't have a future".
He said that the preparations for the construction of the two medical colleges are in full swing in the state.
“These 21 households have not been allowed to benefit from NREGS,” said Kong Kharshiing and added that she will lodge a complaint with the central government authorities to take necessary action.
“Install pipes with the flow of water, not just install or install without the flow of water,” he said.
Shillong, November 06 : Team Revolution Mixed Martial Arts has won 10 gold and three silver medals in the Combat Sports Mixed Martial Arts Tournament organized by the Warriors in Guwahati. Fighting Championship WFC Season -2.
Timothy has also served as Symbud Lamphang this past season.
“The sudden passing away of Pa Dolloi Elios Swer is a great loss not only to the family and Rymbai Elaka, but to the East Jaintia Hills District as a whole. Because he is the one who carries the burden of the District as a whole.
On the 18th and 19th, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
Also present were the President of the Women's Wing, Jasmine Lyngdoh, Prof Don War, NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem, Ransom Sutnga and others.
The court has directed the state government to file its reply before the court on or before July
In the past few months we have heard many complaints about the roads which have been destroyed and which are no longer worthy of being called colored roads.
He reminded that such fish retail outlets have been set up in six places and will be opened soon in the coming days. from beautifully decorated 'shops'.
However, it has now been seen that most of the time if the parents have given a share to their children and when they die, the last children go to court saying that in the Khasi custom there is no such thing and most of the time the youngest children win and inherit all the possessions of their parents.
When the dumasla is harvested, I believe that what is needed in Khasi-Jaintia is how to care for or make it so that it can become a commodity that can be sold in the market. .
In a statement, JACATAM and KJDSTA said that such an incident should not happen again and wish the teacher a speedy recovery. .
Alleging that the BJP-led government in Delhi continues to undermine democracy in the country, the parties announced that their second meeting will be held in Shimla on 12th November.
Therefore, in order to restore the reputation and especially in terms of promoting economic development and other needs of the people, the supporters of the UDP of Mawhati Constituency and the elders of the He urged the people to give their full support to Bah Donbok Khymdeit in the 2018 election.
Shillong: After nearly 10 years of lockdown, the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has sent 15 shooters to the competition. The 8th North East Zone Shooting Championship, which was held in Guwahati, Assam, won eight medals.
Even what you have seen, believe it half.
I.Kharmon said that the NHAI has set up a place to register Fastag only at the Toll Plaza in Pahammawlein, but now the NHAI officials have set up a place to register Fastag. The purpose of the DTO office is to make it easier for the people who want to register for Fastag, to make it easier for those who come to register for the purpose of getting Fastag.
Today, India’s digital assets associated with citizen recognition platforms and instant payment platforms, which are high-performance, are setting an example for the rest of the world.
East Khasi Hills has 201 cases and 24 deaths, of which 13 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in Ribhoi District.
We believe that there is a possibility and it is possible for us to support ourselves from the resources available in these mountains and later when the production means are developed according to the technology, we will be able to produce khambun and the country will be free from the burden of debt.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The office of the General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai will conduct an Entrepreneurship Development Program on the National Mission on Food Processing. The production and distribution of various food items for 6 (six) months is scheduled to start from 19th July, at Wahiajer village under Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
The opening ceremony was also attended by L.Niang, Assistant Director Horticulture, Dr D.Paswet, Senior Scientist from KVK, Jowai, S.Slong BPM of MSRLS. KHLIEHRIAT: Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong has celebrated the International Youth Day. Day (IYD)-2019 on the 16th of July on the theme “Improvement of Education”.
New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi was seen throwing a stick of bread in many parts of India in recent days. He said that the heat had intensified during an election rally in Rudrapur, Uttar Pradesh.
The NCP has questioned how the voters of Gambegre will re-elect him in 2013 if Saleng has not done anything.
The findings of this research support the belief that modern Western foods—which are high in fat and sugar and low in fiber—are bad for us. .
The Seng also demanded that the Government should provide financial assistance for the construction and advertising of the government schools which have been destroyed.
He said that it was found that this is one of the types of trade, which they should have obtained a license through the trade department, but the non-implementation of the law in the past years has led to The allowance of foreigners to trade illegally has created problems for the people in terms of security, traffic, where people don't even have a place to walk or stand. on the streets.
Shillong: After filing his nomination papers for the 2018 elections from the North Shillong constituency on Saturday, Jaiaw MDC and KHNAM candidate Adelbert Nongrum has said that he will not contest the election. He said that there are many issues but his main goal is to stand firm in the constituency. “Not only the Khasi but also the foreigners who were born and raised in this state, not those who just came yesterday, I don't need them either. “It's not like we're going to be able to do it,” said Adelbert Nongrum.
What is more shocking is the sound of the explosion of stone bombs in the sun which has shaken the hills and rivers in the area.
He said various teams were used to search for the crash site after a drone was able to identify the crash site.
If this answer is not correct it will mislead many because we need to fight against the introduction of Panchayat Raj in our country.
Hamjhan Dkhar, Dakynsai Dkhar, Elad Lyngdoh, one of the elders of Raij Raliang, gave a short speech on the Kopati Puja.
Meanwhile, KJDSTA President Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the teachers under the banner of KJDSTA and GHDSTEA, have raised flags to express their regret over the government's failure to release the 25 percent arrear. in addition to other claims issues.
This is the first appointment of Ministers by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the MUA-II government. These Ministers will be sworn in by the Governor of Meghalaya tomorrow at Raj Bhavan. 11:30 am.
In my opinion, if you give the jait to a man, the inheritance trade will also increase. For example, if the father has set up a shop in his jait but after the death of the father. the same shop can be taken over by the sons so the name and surname of that shop remains and grows.
In the second half, Mawkhar FC started to change the style of play and worked hard without allowing the players to score goals. Lyngketlut Myrshiang scored the first goal in the 69th minute.
The border dispute between Mizoram and Assam has been a long-standing issue, with in October 2018, clashes broke out at Zophai near Bairabi town when members of the Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP) School children and journalists were seriously injured by the police.
Over the years, people have learned to use wealth and have been chasing it to this day.
Shillong: The state government has recently encouraged the reading and writing of Hindi and Japanese, but this time, an article has appeared, showing that in Meghalaya, people I speak Bengali, Nepali and Marathi.
This is unbelievable because if so, the State Government should have consulted before introducing the Bill in the Legislative Assembly and should not have made the Rules.
The Minister said that in the last four and a half years, the state government has faced many challenges, but the challenges have not been overcome.
Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala has written to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting him to fight for the release of Meghalaya and other states under the Sixth Schedule. from the provisions of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, has inaugurated the first AYUSH Hospital of our State at Bhoirymbong.
The completed application forms should be submitted by 26th November 2021 to the office of the Principal.
In the women's category, the team beat Goa 68-28 points.
“This means that if the MTC needs money for their needs and operation, they can borrow from any exchange office but they must fall under the Reserve Bank of India. (RBI)," he said.
Therefore, the union urges the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action against the Dean of the Jaidbynriew. at CAU, said Samla Steven Kharkrang.
Besides these, there will also be shops and other exhibitions to attract market visitors or visitors to the evening market which will also be part of the exhibition of the goods of the residents. and also as support for farmers, entrepreneurs, artisans and singers.
In the coming years, it is expected that the Siu-Ka-Pha hospital will treat about 1 lakh patients per year, he said.
Meghalaya is now in the middle of the night.
“It is the duty of the state government to relocate those Harijans.
This action of the health department has affected the people who need treatment in Lad Mawreng area which is only 15 kilometers from Shillong.
He said that the council will now implement a digital system to renew the licenses so that they will not be able to do whatever they want. “He will also fulfill his duties as EM,” he said in reply to a question.
He is a man who loves and wants to be with the ethnic parties like APHLC, HPU and UDP. Despite not being elected in many elections since 1978, Timothy has not hesitated to contest. the election.
Radon Lyngdoh carried only the Garo rice while Suwansingh carried the money.
In addition, all hotels and restaurants are requested to plant one tree on the 5th of this month.
We students of Birbhum Vivekanada Homoeopathic Medical College, Sainthia West Bengal, would like to thank the JSU and especially the President of JSU Shillong Circle Treiborlang R Suchen for helping us in these difficult times. I've been here since the day before we left because the college where we are studying has finished the exam late and we have had difficulty in coming home earlier and the government of West Bengal has also been able to The curfew was imposed and we found it difficult to get a private vehicle and after receiving the help of the JSU through the President of Shillong Circle and the authorities in charge of Meghalaya House Kolkata we reached Umroi Airport safely. .
Expressing his surprise that such incidents have occurred, Bah Dasakhiat, who is also the MLA of Mawhati, said that they themselves cannot do it but if others do it they don't want to.
Eight traders from Assam were released by the ASAK yesterday after demanding T.7 lakh.
Archbishop Dominic Jala, has become deeply interested in the Khasi language and wants it to develop not only in literacy but also in the use of the Catholic Church.
The Uniform Civil Code, under Article 44 of the Constitution, aims to implement laws that affect individuals, regardless of their religion and this will apply to marriage. , divorce, childbearing, inheritance and even the right to inheritance.
Shillong: Police of Jhalupara OP and ANTF have seized 9.09 grams of heroin from Bah W.Kharumnuid, resident of 4mer Pynthor.
Earlier, he was arrested several times for involvement in truck theft.
The group found a pleasant experience inside the prestigious hotel.
The lockdown in 2020 due to the spread of Corona or Covid-19 has deteriorated the quality of education in our country.
Cash prizes of T.99 lakh were awarded to 72 students from 36 schools who won the competitions in the states held in June and October.
Speaking on the registration of Aadhaar in the district, Bah Paul Lyngdoh congratulated the district authorities for their efforts to raise awareness among the public as part of the promotion of Aadhaar registration in West Khasi Hills District. urge the citizens who have not yet registered to do so in order to receive various benefits from the Central and State Governments.
Vehicles coming from Anjalee Petrol Pump and wanting to proceed towards Bishnupur road will merge in the same road as usual.
On the other hand, the former General Secretary, Ma D. Donstand Khonglah, alleged that the Dolloi of the Elaka has conducted the dorbar without being able to announce the report of the EC and to give the accounts to the people.
North Garo Hills with a pass percentage of 42, 50 candidates and 21 candidates passed. South West Khasi Hills where 39 candidates passed with 49.37 out of 79 candidates.
The question is, how much will 500 tyngka help? If 500 tyngka per month was collected from all the MLAs and used that money to help pregnant women in each constituency, it would have been better.
These donations have been made so that these groups can conduct various programs to help school children, youth and the community.
The FKJGP Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned this incident and urged the people of Mawlai not to invite foreigners to work in their jobs. this is a young child.
Among them, 5 are from Jong-U-Chen and 15 are from Pdengskeh.
It has been proven that vaccination prevents the spread of the disease, although some cases have been reported after vaccination within the state.
In other parts of India, the opposition is that the Act will affect the citizenship of the people in their own country.
At the end of the training, a short program was held led by Kong Ridu-I Passah.
“I am also pleased to announce in the Legislative Assembly that the state government is keen to complete the remaining seven seats.
Passah said the party has decided to contest only in the KHADC elections, adding, “We have planned to use candidates from all the 29 seats but it depends on the application of the candidates.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today sought clarification from the Meghalaya High Court on a petition seeking to overturn the verdict of Justice Sudip Ranjan Sen on the issue of Hindu Rashtra.
From the name, we understand that it is an organization that looks after the welfare of Khasi school children; However, it has not yet produced a single IAS/IPS officer or any other hero.
The number of cases in India has now reached 4.1 million, surpassing Brazil in the number of cases.
The election could be held on 24th June.
Meghalaya has been participating in the Ranji Trophy since 2018-19 using foreign players as required by the BCCI rules. Punit Bisht, DB Ravi Teja and others In this season, the team has experienced joy and encouragement by winning three matches in the round robin stage. and lost in two.
Look at the decision of the people here in Khasi-Jaintia, we have two, four, five MLAs. We need to respect the decision of the people, we are one of the biggest parties here.
UP & RMSA by 4-1.
“What I found is after I met a man from my constituency but who lives in Sohiong he said that this time although they are with other parties but they will make sure that they return to the UDP. to express his gratitude to Bah HDR Lyngdoh for his contribution to the constituency in these years during his tenure as MLA of the area.
Shillong: After the visit of the Minister of State today, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today visited the marten.
Besides the Nongkyndong language, there are other words which refer to people and places such as Nonglum, Nongtrai, Nongriat, Nongwah, Nongpoh, Nongthliew. how ter ter.
Shillong: UDP Leader Bindo M. Lanong has supported and agreed with the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to allow women who are 18 years of age and above to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
" said Mr. Mitchell.
The club also has a 75% stake in Newcastle United.
“We don't know why Bah HDR Lyngdoh didn't come but it is the duty of the Prime Minister to do whatever is necessary,” said the CEM. The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) said.
He also thanked the previous Government for allowing him to serve the people.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 23: The authorities in charge of the ration rice in Pamrakmai village, East Jaintia Hills District, have found that there is a shortage of 10 quintals of rice. kilo and 155 grams and said that this shortage of kilos of rice has caused problems and affected the FPS dealers of ration and has caused problems in the distribution of ration to the recipients.
At the same time, taking into account the concerns expressed by the members on the drug trafficking, the Minister informed that the Government will set up de-addiction centers for women under the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission ( DREAM) project.
you're your bnta.
My question is: 1) How will the dead be raised? And with what body do they come?
He said that although the affidavit submitted on behalf of the Tangjait states that the husband of the Khasi is a Dkhar, there is no affidavit showing that they have changed from Khasi to Dkhar. Dkhars, but they are still Khasi in all their documents.
Wellbirth said that in 2000, the army had decided to hand over some of the land to the state government but until now this work has been suspended without any results.
He said the State Government has decided to strengthen the Police Department and to meet the needs of this department.
Gopinath Bordaloi was happy and excited.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday declared Chigitchakgre village under Gambegre C&RD Block, West Garo Hills as a Bee Village. .
There are many kinds of riewhadem; However, all these varieties of maize are divided into three classes as follows: (1) pop maize, (2) soft maize, (3) sugar maize, (4) dent maize, (5) flint maize.
Shillong, Nailur 8: Ten political parties have continued their protest against the government's failure to implement the ILP by blocking offices on Saturday. Government offices were closed on the day but several offices were open.
Similarly, the political parties including the BJP, Congress and other parties have decided to condemn the incident and have decided to stand together to fight against insurgency in the country.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that the fourth test for Covid-19 in the state will be completed tomorrow. The tests have been conducted three times in which the first test was negative but the second and third tests were positive.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Former President Daniel Khyriem and former General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Auguster Jyrwa have retired from their posts as leaders of the KSU in Lum Khasi Jaintia.
The Center has also provided accommodation for the AYUSH doctors and class IV staff. the Ministry of Health.
Contact no- 8794271337.
He said that he sees that hope has returned to the political system as the money power is no longer powerful in the fight for the elections.
After the meeting, Pravin Bakshi said, regarding the recent raid by the police, let the law do whatever is necessary as the police are conducting an investigation but there should be nothing wrong with the police. and that the people should not worry or panic, as there is no suspension of petrol supply to the state.
The answer is that it is the time of the end of the month.
Two Zambians have been arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. Two Zambians have been arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. Delhi.
“She is currently undergoing treatment at Ganesh Das Hospital,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Pyndengrei FC ended their MSL 2023 journey with their first point after beating 2-1 against the Riangdo.
When we turn and see how people who live in darkness do not know what is happening around the world.
Jowai, March 06: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament (2023) was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Thursday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
The search was also conducted because on the roads of Shillong, many vehicles have been witnessed to have smoked and modified silencers or other types of modifications in vehicles. deceive others.
“For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.
Chief Engineer SK Blah said that if the water content is less than 0.2 Mg per litre, it will not affect at all but if it exceeds that, it will affect.
“Bah James, although he is in the EC, doesn't understand anything and his statement that the cases have not reached anywhere is a misleading statement because it is through the initiative of the Council that the Supreme Court has issued a Stay Order in “The District Council Courts have been able to grant anticipatory bail,” said Antonio War.
A Sumo overturned near Williamnagar in East Garo Hills District this morning.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Donkupar Roy said that Moskkandar may be a better young man than Maieid and if the UDP wins, it will encourage all the Riewlum parties to turn to the party. As leaders we have to know and look at Nongstoin first and then look at other parts.
“I am also preparing myself to take part in the beauty pageant to be held outside India from November,” said Tina.
In South Garo Hills, 6 cases, 8 cases in South West Garo Hills and 72 cases in South West Khasi Hills, including 4 cases in Mawkyrwat Cluster, 14 cases in Mawlangwir Cluster, 10 cases in Mawten Cluster, 11 cases in Nongsynrieh Cluster, 11 cases in Pyndendiwah Cluster
As a heritage of this era, the Eco-friendly Crematorium discovered and designed by Kambell Chullai is a blessing not only for those people who use it. However, it is also unique to the environment in which the trees are cut down and destroyed by many roots for the purpose of performing the ritual of the dead. The eco-friendly crematorium was built by Kambell Chullai.
Jraiñ, the NPP MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia Hills have completed their quest for the post of Prime Minister.
He said that the dorbar has been sitting on the venue of the dorbar and he wants the term of office of the Lamphang to end. a new and complete House of Commons.
Out of compassion, the driver of the truck gave him a job.
So we understand that we must cleanse ourselves so that we can invite them to the marriage feast of the Lamb of God.
The Final Round will start on the 6th and end on the 26th of January
The game was attended by the President of MSA, Dr. Aman War, Bah Denis Shabong (Working President of MSA) and others.
In a meeting with this reporter, many farmers in Riwar Pynursla area said that the price of kynuren is only T.30 per kilo while the price of tyrpad is only T.15 or T.20 per kilo. weight.
North Liberty HSS will be one of the schools to qualify for the semifinals of both the Under-14 and Under-17 Boys Subroto Cup.
The bodies of the four priests were taken to the Bongaigoan Diocese for the funeral service tomorrow, 28th June which will begin with a Mass at the Christ Light of the World Cathedral. Church, Bongaigaon.
Of these seven markets, four are in Meghalaya and two in Tripura.
However, when the Nepalis, who were in the area, did not listen, it was reported that Bah Kharbani shot at the crowd, but no one was injured.
The Archbishop, as told by Br.
“Because according to the terms of the contract, it is clear that if there is any incident of damage to the building during the construction of the building, the “It's a big reason why they have to dig to build this building,” said Lamphang.
They are quick to promise and quick to change.
He said the biggest incident occurred at Umladang Polling Station in Nartiang-Umladang Constituency in West Jaintia Hills District where about 30-40 people broke into the polling station and broke the machines. EVM. A total of 123 candidates will contest for 29 seats in KHADC and 89 in JHADC. There are 14 female candidates, including 12 from Khasi Hills and two from Jaintia Hills.
It seems that we have been able to save our country.
On the other hand, the drivers of Kali in the area also expressed their happiness that they have been able to travel easily despite the lack of a proper road.
On the same day (22.5.2020) at 11:00pm, it was reported that a girl child has died inside the train from North-East and three others were in the same compartment. who is from Meghalaya.
The market on the border of Borsora, Bagli and Cherragaon has been allowed to open according to the order of the Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Ranikor Civil Sub-Division in order No. RCSD/TRANS/L&C. /2019/151, dated Ranikor the 28th June, 2021.
They also said that if the CAA is implemented in the state, the Khasi people will soon be overwhelmed by other ethnic groups, who will come from other countries and who will get to become full citizens within the Country.
The ration distributors have been directed to assist their consumers to register for Aadhar in the above places.
States and UTs still have 78 lakh doses of vaccine to be administered.
He traveled for four months through Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran and Turkey and his bicycle broke down in many places and there were times when he did not get enough food and drink, but he traveled. He has been cycling for 70 kilometers a day since 22nd July, 1977. He has been cycling for 70 kilometers a day.
Concluding his speech, u Bah Jemino said that the main reason for the problems is because of the Khadar rule.
In Meghalaya, hundreds of Self Help Groups have emerged to share the burden of poor families.
The union said that it often receives complaints from the public and from the government authorities that trucks break or put stones on the road even after the repair of the lost vehicles.
Until now, there are still thousands of coal trucks carrying the goods to different parts of the District, the State and even to Assam without stopping.
Speaking after the inspection, CE Bah Syiem said that he will send engineers to survey both the grounds and they will prepare an estimate of how much money will be spent on these grounds. .
Shillong: Shillong Lajong striker Phrangki Buam has been signed by FC Bengaluru for the I-League 2020 season.
Over the past decades, the State has indeed had Members of Parliament who are knowledgeable and able to participate in many debates, with input to bring forward action items that help to raise the State higher.
Among those who have been promoted, Bah Ronie will be for the first time to become a government minister while Danggo has been in the past.
He said that the UDP will win.
“The good thing is that since we have had the opportunity to talk to each other, we will be able to fix the date soon,” Sangma said. Set a date and I will let you know.
Regarding the bridge, Bah Lui Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP NKHD, said that the party will monitor and soon will meet the CEM of KHADC to complain and inform about the bridge. This is the bridge.
Speaking at the meeting, Mukul said that Conrad Sangma will need to think carefully before he understands about the planting of agar trees, which should be planted on private land. It is through his government that the sale of agar is allowed.
Therefore, we express our gratitude to God the Lord, the Creator, the Creator, the Almighty, the Giver, who has heard and listened to our prayers, prayers, supplications, prayers since the day we were born. pan lymba the village, the judgment, the word; Before raising the ksing, the dhah ter-ter, until the last day of the shad, the joy of our Khasi-Khara children, who are based on the traditional religion.
With this victory, Thangshalai has qualified for the Final of the 2nd Division of the MGFL and promotion to the First Division of the MGFL next season.
Shillong: The election of two MPs from the state has ended at 4 pm today. According to the Election Commission, the turnout in Shillong Parliamentary Constituency was 63.56 per cent while in Tura it was 75.60 per cent.
The forced promotion of this non-national officer by the state government shows that the state government itself is the mynder government and perhaps there is a reason behind it to cover up and hide corruption. FKJGP, KSU, HNYF & RBYF will take action in due course.
He said the government should formulate policies to prevent companies from setting up any business or office should first employ the indigenous people.
Three people died in a newly constructed room at the National Institute of Biotechnology (IBI) in Umsawli, Government of India. New Shillong which was laid the foundation stone on 4th October,
“I have drawn up a design for the construction of the road between Kongthong and Sder.
“If we come to power, we will look into this and solve the problem.
As one of the farmers and one of the elders who used to be with the farmers, Bah Denis said that Mawhati where most of the people live in agriculture, he wants Bah Charles Marngar will first set the target to address the problems of the farmers and their welfare.
The border area is extremely hot especially during the rainy season, when the people face health problems.
Wankitkupar is a resident of Nongthymmai and in 2019 he contested the MDC election from this constituency.
All this started with a letter from the General Secretary of the UDP to the Prime Minister.
In the K1 Men's category, Batskhem Nongbak finished in sixth place, Pynshngaiñ Kurbah in eighth place and Manbhalang Kharkrang in ninth place.
RK Dutta and Secretary A Marwein have alleged that the former Mawprem MLA through the Implementation Committee for 21 Mawprem Constituency has admitted that up to 50 percent of the money has been released. However, nothing has been done and this misuse has amounted to T.1,34,99,085 crore.
Bah Sarlangki Dkhar, one of the relatives of these two who were treated at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, in an interview with the media, expressed his regret over the lack of attention of the Government to provide medical facilities.
He was tried and sentenced by the Army Court in
Nongpoh: The Na La Rympei Choir, today donated food items and money to several families in Syadrit Umsning, Umsning, Shillong. who have suffered after being severely affected by the outbreak of COVID-1
It is up to the Central Government to amend the Mining Act so that it applies to Meghalaya.
The judge of Meghalaya Got Talent said that the organization of the competition is not for profit but because he has a desire to select talented people from the remote areas of the state so that they can select. outside of their talent.
Among these works, the KSU said that it has been shown in the written statement that there are 332 beneficiaries and it has been mentioned that each person receives T.5460 tyngka each and the cost is T. .18,12,460.
“According to the information we have received through the people we have sent to investigate, this group has more than 500 members and the purpose of this armed group is to intimidate the Khasi-Pnar people. They will not dare to come and go and demand their right to stay inside Meghalaya and to punish them as happened in the years 2000 to 2012, 2013,” said the Chairman of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum ( HBDRF) Let Chandame True.
Meghalaya has the highest proportion of children with disabilities of 46.5 per cent, which is higher than the national average of 35.5 per cent.
However, it will be sad, we don't know what will happen tomorrow when we can't control our children who can't tolerate this widespread production of coke factories. for all the people were exceedingly angry, when they perceived that the law of man was broken.
Where, then, is the exact boundary of Ri Khasi Jaintia? If you draw a map of Khasi Jaintia now, what kind of picture will it have? In the past, you had a truck load and then you had a bus. How many years have passed? Perhaps the Ri Khasi Jaintia will become a city because the borders have been closed from time to time.
Ltd (NHIDCL) for NE with its headquarters in Guwahati.
He also warned the Village Authorities who issue NOCs to foreigners who come to trade in these areas and also to the owners of houses that they should not issue houses or shops to foreigners. that barjylla from the ox.
Speaking to reporters at his office, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said he did not know anything about the news, but after his friends asked him whether he would contest from The two constituencies in the upcoming elections as it appears in the media, he will know the reason.
Shipor attended music classes at Nongstoin College.
Jabalpur SP Shashikant Shukla said Khan was stabbed 12 times in the chest, neck and hands.
In short, it is like a commitment to distribute electricity,” he said.
The Congress candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Osborne Kharjana, said that the people of Sohiong constituency have turned to the Congress party after the UDP, NPP and HSPDP joined hands with the BJP to form the party. The new government will be elected on October 2,
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) said that the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has conducted a search operation on the vehicles and motorcycles. who have rebuilt the sounds of the trumpets, which have stirred up the people.
There are 454 employees in MCCL, of whom 126 have requested retirement and the remaining employees are 312 and 16 employees are not paid according to the wage board.
During the visit, the MP ordered the Dean of the hospital to clean the toilet while the MP stood nearby to look after the toilet. the doctor's toilet.
That is, when Jesus passed through Jericho, the people of that city welcomed him.
Nongpoh: Village leaders together with the residents of three villages near Nongpoh, including Nongkhrah, Lumbyrhing and Umrangksai, today held a rally to protest against the proposal to open a school. The Wine Store of Bah Cornelius Kharhunai, which was planned to be set up on a site near the NH-6 and between the boundary of Nongkhrah and Umryngksai villages.
For this reason, they had to go and look for this medicine.
The second semifinal will be between Moodop Royal and Madankynsaw Mookyndeng at 3.00 pm.
Without discipline, nothing, small or large, can go smoothly.
The biggest football tournament in Ri Bhoi, was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla in collaboration with a team known as 'Ki Mawbyrsiew' T.1.50 lakh to the runner-up and T.1.50 lakh to the runner-up.
Samla Marking, 27, from Wahakaji Village, has completed his BA, ITI and other courses and is now self-employed.
The speakers on this occasion expressed their condolences to the family of a child who was raped by a robber who had no rain and committed this crime in the morning. and it is something that cannot be accepted by society.
The funeral service for Bah Africa Suting will be held on Saturday at the Catholic Church in Awla Punjee, Bangladesh.
“It is a sudden decision to start something without full resources and in the absence of means to build and produce the best,” he said. possible.
On the other hand, Mawkhar, perhaps, has been a little lucky and the reason is because it has got a CEM in the District Council who is also the MLA candidate of the same constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. whoever receives this seat even if the party he belongs to does not have the right to receive this seat.
We are now waiting for the decision of the government whether it is by train or flight as it has promised, and we request that it will not take too long to avoid any unpleasantness.
The District Council Court has recently issued an order that the residents of Maitdein should refrain from going to work in the disputed areas.
This school is one of the oldest buildings in Shillong which was built after the school was founded in
Biswa tied for 111 runs including 12 fours.
At the launch of the FOCUS+, the Chief Minister together with Chief Whip Marcuise Marak and Advisor to the Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma distributed checks to 40 Producer Groups worth Rs 22.95 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnongs, residents of Pahamawlein 20mer, Umdap, Shakhoikuna, Pahamsohbar and other neighboring villages who pass through this road every day.
As it happens, we must therefore accept that the mass protests in 2019, have been a stinging way in the fight against the coronavirus.
The Organizing Secretary of KSU Huroi Unit, Bah Ostranic Marbaniang, took the lead in swearing in the new office bearers and members of the KSU Huroi Unit. The constitution of the party in which the youth should have a strong foundation to become leaders so that they can carry out the activities of the party in terms of serving the country and the nation, as well as the He reminded of the issues, foundations of the KSU which has stood firm and continues today and those are the three to protect, preserve and develop, he added that we should protect the nation from a foreigner who comes to take over and violate the rights of our minorities, as well as to preserve the customs and traditions and the uniqueness of the Khasi people here on earth “Ka seng hi ka trying to develop the youth of the nation who have their own talents,” he added.
He said that the curfew is against the students, as there will be 2,000 students who are supposed to attend the ceremony.
At the same time, he said that the meeting of KJSDTA teachers has decided today to support the decision of JACATAM. take over only the teaching profession, not the schools.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: Due to the darkness of the night and the lack of electricity, robbers took advantage of the opportunity to break into the houses of people, and this incident happened at Malki village at 3:30 pm. before dawn and the incident happened on Tuesday night, sources said.
???Remember that only 14 days to advertise any job or program causes doubt to those who see and hear.
“Until now, no one has called another meeting,” said Morning. “I am still in doubt whether I am a member of the HSPDP or not because I have not been called for another meeting. , two district meetings have been held without informing me,” he said.
Why doesn't this government treat Christians here in the states when it is a Christian state?
Many foreigners believe that this ksing ka dhah is a procession of Hindu believers before they go to worship.
Robin Naiya, from Charnekhali village in North 24 Parganas in West Bengal, lost both his legs but did not die.
If this is not the case, what else will be the case for us? Furthermore, he said that the laws of the State Government or the Central Government cannot work like that. of the State in respect of which the District or the Regional Councils have power to make law shall apply unless the District Council by public notification directs and the District Council can in so applying the law make any exceptions or modifications it thinks fit.
Will the police say strong only until people die? “This is to keep the people in darkness or maybe they want to admit that ISIS is involved. This is a misleading statement by the police to the people.
Nongtyngur won a cash prize of T.1.40 lakh and a trophy while Nongmadan won a cash prize of T.80,0
Nongstoin: The United Democratic Party (UDP) from Nongstoin Constituency has nominated Bah Tonington Tyrsa as its candidate for the MDC election from Nongstoin Constituency. the support of the people of the Constituency to support the candidate.
This is the statement of ES Cajee and Bah M Dkhar.
“We brought these guys to this place because we want them to see and know this area to this part of the state.
Although it was built in the middle of the city without adequate parking spaces, the cost of construction of the stadium has reached T.172 crore, he said.
Shillong, July 2: Nangkiew Irat will face Mawlai on the opening day of the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 which will start on 15th July.
Ampareen has been elected as the NPP candidate from Shillong and incumbent MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma has been elected as the candidate for the upcoming elections from Tura parliamentary constituency.
The construction of the road from Mawkynroh, Umjarain to Mawroh is in progress and once completed it will provide convenience to the passengers of Shillong.
About 1000 women from various parties on Thursday joined the BJP at a meeting held at Upper Mawprem, Nongsohpoh, Shillong.
However, the SP in a statement issued on Monday, said that during the investigation into the scene, police have recovered lyngkhot lyngkhai which are the new causes of the blast.
Speaking to media, Bah JM Syiem, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtluh, together with Bah Arnold Syngkli, said that through this meeting, they have decided to raise the demand for the Raid Nongtluh Rangbah Shnong. Umden C&RD Block, as this area is in dire need of a C&RD Block, as it will be of great benefit to the village leaders and especially to the people living in this area.
The Woodland Hospital Shillong on 9th October, 2013, has conducted a public awareness campaign on kidney diseases in Nongstoiñ, as part of the celebration of World Kidney Day.
Solina Jaba (1/13), Riticia Nongbet (1/19) and Pinky Chanda (1/28) took one wicket each.
Shillong: U Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem, has been elected as the new MLA of Shella Constituency, as his vote share has increased.
They agreed on the site in the Umkhrah Valley or in the Umkhrah River which later became known as the Polo Ground.
While the war between Russia and Ukraine is not over, the war between the Jews of Israel and the Palestinian Hamas militants has suddenly resumed.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The State Government on Tuesday appointed a Magisterial Inquiry and an Independent Inquiry to investigate the escape of seven robbers from Jowai District Jail on Saturday. of the month last year.
In the rural areas or border areas, it is the issuance of Trading License or Labor License Work Permit etc, to foreigners by the KSU, HYC and other Sengbhalang groups as well as the enforcement officers of the District Council.
In the Final 2 of the 1500m, Jinson Johnson finished 11th in 3:42.97 and Rahul 3rd in the Final 2 of the 1500m. :43.83 to take 12th place.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09 : The Open To All Knockout Football Tournament, 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on the occasion of its 50th Anniversary. To promote sports in the district, the football tournament was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai today.
However, on the same night when she went to apply for a job from her former employer, Binora disappeared and later it was learned that her body was found on the side of the highway in Dkhiah.
You should actually do this immediately.
A joint team of the District Reserve Guards (DRG), Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) and Border Security Force (BSF) raided the area after receiving information about the incident. presence of terrorists, military officials said.
Among us Khasi, the first thing we must do is to eliminate hypocrisy, copying and unfounded pride.
The message we have to give to our fellow countrymen on this day is, “Let us strive for the unity and solidarity of the Jaidbynriew, let the Lama of the Jaidbynriew rise high, let us lose our spirit. I don't know if it's the Seng of the World or the Sengbhalang.
The Managing Committee has an important responsibility to ensure that the school runs smoothly and that the Matric (SSLC) results each year are accurate.
However, there are still places where drugs are still available freely.
Shillong: Three organizations, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, the Jaintia National Conference and the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People, have demanded that the government should exempt Meghalaya from the Citizenship Amendment Act
The party supports the protest led by the Movement for Indigenous Rights and Livelihoods Meghalaya.
Barun Singh of Services defeated Yaiphaba Soibam of Manipur 5-0 in the 46-48kg category, followed by the silver medalist of the World Championships. Amit Panghal (Services) defeated Anshul Punia of Chandigarh 5-0 in the flyweight category 48-51kg.
On February 24, 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine.
The winners of the consolation prize will receive a cash prize of 1000 tyngka each.
Where are the cleaners- don't blame the number of people- but know that if human knowledge works everyone has a responsibility- the good and cleanliness of the environment is essential while collecting taxes every ba Even if only 5 percent of the goods are spent, it is enough to maintain cleanliness.
Sikkim: Shri Gopal ChettriTripura: 1.
In East Khasi Hills District, 25 new cases have been confirmed, of which 5 cases are from the Armed Forces and 20 cases are from civilians. There are 3 cases in West Garo Hills, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases from Armed Forces and 11 cases from civilians.
Salman Khan and his family, Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Katrina Kaif, Farhan Akhtar and Siddharth Roy Kapoor have been invited from the Hindi film cast.
At a meeting held in Jowai on Saturday, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that the UDP does not want to withdraw from the MDA government. President which is a great threat to the state.
Most of the education officials, who have worked with tribal students, said that the inability to fill vacancies in the teaching profession has been one of the reasons for the decline of schools in academics.
The launch of these 73 schemes was held at the Executive Office of the MPDA in the presence of Bah I. Lawrynniang, BDO, C&RD Block Mawkyrwat. The whole of Mawkyrwat.
Amit Shah should have blamed only the government officials who hold the keys to the public money.
Through the observation that they have had to clean up the Nala, it is clear that they are facing a problem because there are some places that are still allowed and perhaps they need to cooperate to clean up the garbage in the Motphran area.
The raiot doesn't have a land or a land faith.
Of course, there are reasons why they are left without children because they marry foreigners and I believe most of them are Khasi fathers who leave their wives without children.
“From now on, we will work together to uplift Lawmei Village to higher levels with an example of unity and cooperation in many areas”, said Bah Samlin who handed over the Public Address System equipment to the Dorbar. Lawmei Village on this day.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma said the government intends to build these CoEs as soon as possible after talks and agreement with Israel.
If any Rangbah Shnong or Rangbah Dong is also a contractor for the construction of the road, he should be awarded to another village, not in his own village.
Shillong, Lber 18: For the 14 MDCs, including the newly elected Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills District Council, the meeting with the Vice President of the Congress(I) Rahul Gandhi has turned out to be a success. however, a shame and a very unfortunate incident this evening.
They said that the stone was found by one of the Jobcard workers at Nongbareh village near Amkoi village.
Various sports events such as football, dance, song, language skills, Miss Lawlyngdoh and other sports will be held during the festival.
The Governor said that there should be an adequate school building and other facilities such as library, journals and laboratories for science and technical courses, research and sports department, culture and others.
Members of the public can register the number 9436394363 for complaints and suggestions.
Jesus said again, “But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple” (referring to Himself) Matthew 12:1-6
On this occasion, Conrad K Sangma, National President of the NPP, congratulated the people of the North East who have been the reason for the recognition of the party in the political arena of the country.
Those brothers who worked with him also had their own personalities.
Shillong, March 19: The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Friday said that the protest against the upcoming Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival is an attempt by some to block the upcoming Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival. the rapid growth of tourism.
Finance Secretary – Rass Chyrmang 7.
“It has been informed that the UCC will not affect the Sixth Schedule areas, the tribals.
Police said the incident took place in Bokmagre area of ​​the district.
The President said that Meghalaya has been a state prominent in cleanliness and Mawlyngong village has been an example, it has also had wooden bridges which shows the relationship between the people and the environment.
If you want to know more about this company you can read on the UNESCO website or txt on WhatsApp 9366094204 , or you can register directly here here.
Nongstoiñ, June 10: About 13 households in Riangdo area, have expressed their shock and surprise over the fine imposed on one of the officers of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation. Ltd, although they have been paying the monthly electricity bill to the department and the saddest thing is that they have been fined tens of thousands of rupees and some of them have reached 1 lakh rupees. They were also accused of stealing their electricity supply and bypassing the meter which exceeded the electricity supply.
But one of them fell to the ground.
Trump will now face a trial in the Senate, which is predominantly Republican and is expected to help retain his seat.
The three victims were identified as Sara Johnson, 55, Luisa Bolte, 39 and David Strelneck,
“The search operation to arrest others involved in the sale of drugs in this area is ongoing.
Kemei Elijah Kipruto of Kenya and K. Bikram Meitei of India finished in 01:05:33 hrs. and 01:05:41.
Why do you think that those people who haven't been infected with Corona are still infected with the virus?
The training is also to help and support them in the challenges they face.
Later, members of the ANTF together with Rynjah PS conducted a raid in Shillong and arrested another person identified as Tilak Rai who was trying to smuggle the drugs. Another donor, R Gracy Hraveinai.
Shillong: Mawsynram MLA Hima Shangpliang on Tuesday congratulated Pynshngain N Syiem on finding the field he was looking for after he left his village in Mawsynram.
He said many households in the rural areas especially in Laskeiñ Block rely on construction and agriculture.
Benu Malakar won the gold medal, Hector Marweiñ the silver medal and Billykid Sangma won the bronze medal.
Regarding the search at the Byrnihat Infiltration Check Gate, it was found that these members under the umbrella of CoMSO, were stationed at the check gate and accompanied by the police who were stationed at the check gate. The police have also conducted a search operation in the area.
However, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, is also a good singer. This was seen at a public meeting held today at Madan Student, where he sang the song ' Remember the Khasi Hills'
“We are not surprised that Assam from time to time does too much and does not respect the dialogue, so on our part, we will not rest and if Assam does so, we are ready to withdraw. Mawpud is not included in Assam.
The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) has lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station against Snaitang on receipt of information that he has misused the name of the Prime Minister and Minister. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and also that he used to steal the signatures of government officials just to deceive the people.
He said, “Therefore, be ready to work hard, because it is through hard work that you will reap the fruit of victory.
On the other hand, Shibun said that BJP President Amit Shah will visit Gujarat after the MLA elections.
?" Lano replied and asked, “As you say, so will I.
The Words of Hope are spread not only from the heart, but are spread in the field through personal participation in many activities.
The soldier, a JCO of the 42 Rashtriya Rifles in Jammu and Kashmir, escaped from the army camp and carried the bullets with him. They were sent to Manipur.
Baroda, who won the toss and elected to bat first, took the lead and Meghalaya could tie for 38/8 in 20 overs.
The tests we perform in the lab are: a.
“He said that this act is against the people and does not comply with the principles of democracy.
“How come in the recent Trading License raid in which even the CEM of KHADC was involved, only the shops were raided while the illegal liquor shops were not taken seriously,” he asked. .
Note: This is only a summary of only the most important points, but to write all of it or the field of knowledge would be one small book.
The Minister of Agriculture, Deborah C Marak, last year, during her visit to the slaughterhouse at Demthring in West Jaintia Hills District, expressed her satisfaction with the progress of the slaughterhouse. implementation of the project.
In today's age, do we understand or recognize what true love is? Mankind has been extremely difficult.
Shillong: The Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah, today postponed the meeting with the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to 15th October. days, to sign the Joint Agreement on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Church approves the existence of private laws governing marriage, divorce, inheritance and share of inheritance that are rooted in traditional beliefs and practices.
However, after six months, the MTC has not paid back the amount promised and the family members have not been able to appeal to the High Court.
He said that according to the amended Act, if the government wants to acquire land, it should thoroughly investigate the social situation of the residents who will be affected by the land acquisition and the state government. It has to appoint experts from NEHU to conduct this inspection and survey when there is an intention to take land and it cannot take as much as it wants or only when it feels necessary.
The total number of confirmed cases is 88, 58 cases in East Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Ribhoi and 23 cases in West Garo Hills.
The topic I want to talk about is about the strange events that have happened in these days we all see and know through social media the coming of this strange disease that was never heard of even in the past as a disease.
Surely now throughout the world the name of Jesus is proclaimed, known, no one can stop, says God – “Who shall stop?” Isaiah 43:10-1
He also explained that the people can use the same passbook or account of their 100 days wage or MNREGA to receive the benefits provided by the central government through banks.
Speaking to media, the Minister said the government will not be deceived by the pressure of other tenderers as the government will choose the best.
The debt has increased to the point of death but we don't see the ways to pay all those debts.
On the other hand, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has one of the most powerful speakers and that is Bah Amazing Kurbah.
The GNLA said the information received by the GNLA was sufficient for them to prepare to attack where they knew where to go.
Dr Sangma said the revenue collection deficit of Meghalaya is lower than other states and this shows that the state has done better than other states in the North East.
It is also better to harvest the soh during the rainy season or when the sky is clear, and when harvested it should not be placed in dry soil.
He said that if people ignore the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to observe social distance and also to wear masks, when they go to buy kyiad, the government will order a ban. close all the shops.
However, he said if anything needs to be fixed, it will be done.
However, they began to take over the Mowkyndeng mission in July
So in what a man believes, in that he acts.
Shillong, November 28: War Jaintia Hills District is home to many beautiful tourist attractions and attracts many tourists not only from within the country but also from abroad.
On the other hand, the union has alleged that the governments led by the leaders of Garo Hills have been biased against the state by not implementing these schemes in other parts of the state, but have thrown All development works in West Garo Hills District.
On the allegation that the UDP does not have a manifesto on the ILP, Jemino said it is on the first page of the party's manifesto which talks about the intention to prevent the illegal entry of mynder. in the state.
Speaking to media, Bajop Pyngrope said, “In the second phase of the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya, Langpih will be one of the areas. “As an MDC, the Hima and the authorities have submitted a petition yesterday to express their desire to be in Meghalaya”.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 11: Mawphanlur Village, located on the slopes of the Mawthadraishan Hills, is famous for its beautiful tourist attractions.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today inaugurated a memorial for the renaming of the Dikki Bandi Stadium in Tura to the PA Sangma Stadium. James K. Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, Thomas A. Sangma, Chief Advisor to the Chief Minister and the wife of PA Sangma. Sangma, and Sorcerer K. Sangma.
He said that the payment of fees has increased from T.10,000 thousand to T.510,000 (fifty lakh tyngka). violation of environmental regulations by illegal coke factories.
I feel it is important to pay attention to what has been discussed before and now.
Does the government remember to turn back and how to do chess?
“After hearing the counsel on both sides and considering the fact that the petitioner has suffered imprisonment for about 18 months and also that she has given birth during the investigation, we are pleased to grant The Supreme Court ordered the bail.
Shillong, November 8 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered to suspend the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam until 6th June
The High Court today issued the order on the allegation by Champer M Sangma and Maikel T Sangma that illegally mined coal in Meghalaya was smuggled to Assam and after that the same coal returned. He was smuggled to Meghalaya with fake documents prepared in Assam and smuggled back to Bangladesh.
However, when we look back, the allegation of the people does not stand true because the decision given by the state parties does not agree with the decision given by the Garo people to the NPP. They still lack the basis for electing MLAs from the National Party but they have divided themselves and claim that they have not got what they want.
The incident took place in eastern Bangladesh.
Ri Bhoi Police, led by Bah VDS Rymbai, DSP Crime in Ri Bhoi, Bah P Marwein, CI Nongpoh Police Station and others, led a visit to Korstep village. , for the purpose of donating food items to the poor families who do not even have rice to cook.
The union has decided that if the government does not increase the price of beverages, through the Deputy Commissioner within a day, the union will hold a protest and the union will send the members to provide information regarding the price.
There is now one breed of cows that gives milk about three times a day, and another breed of cows that gives milk about five times a day.
Dr Jitendra Singh said that in the first phase, the fight against the disease in all the five states of the North East has been going smoothly and the entire region has been an example for the country. in the provision of corona prevention.
When asked about the security of the college and how the robbers managed to enter the college grounds, Principal Sylvanus Lamare said that video surveillance has been installed throughout the grounds of the college. (CCTV) and inside the College is secure.
“IIT Guwahati is currently under contract with UPRNNL and Badri Rai & Co. which are the same companies that are constructing the dome in the new Assembly. in the East.
However, in India as a whole, Jagan Reddy was the richest man.
Conrad said he had discussions with Amit Shah on the peace of the people in these border areas.
This is the largest concert to be held at the Lariti Auditorium which can accommodate only 1400 spectators. released by administrators.
In this regard, Amit Shah asked Conrad not to write.
He said that the goal of his election in 2009 is still valid today to protect, preserve and promote the rights of minorities, to protect the rights of indigenous peoples. muluk, to preserve and protect the lives of everyone such as women, children, workers, the poor, farmers.
The route to the tournament will be from Shillong, Mawngap, Sohiong, Mawmaram and Laitarted.
This is the school of Luckyness Khyriem.
Khliehriat, June 10 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Huroi Unit, through the media, has appealed to the state government and also to the Leader of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, to help and condole the victims. The residents of Huroi, Lahaleiñ, Lejri and other villages bordering Bangladesh, including Huroi, Lahaleiñ, Lejri, etc., have expressed their need for immediate assistance. immediately because the people of the area are currently in the midst of a major traffic crisis.
However, what I would like to share with you family members of Dr. Sailo is that you should not lose hope or doubt even when you face this trial in your family, because God is with you. know better for your family even if you are suffering.
“We request the visitor to share information about this with the University,” said Jha.
Shillong: The Government has not yet released the Internet in Lum Khasi and Jaintia Hills due to the incident in Motphran in the past few days while in Lum Garo the Internet has been banned since Tuesday. The Internet has been banned in Lum Khasi-Jaintia following the incident of three Khasi children on the 31st of July. They were shot dead in the Metor area and there were many false rumors spreading about these incidents which has shocked the people.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Minister said that the state has many talents in this field but due to many shortcomings, it has not been able to compete abroad.
She said that Mission Life is a small initiative that empowers individuals and society to bring about positive changes in the environment.
Cherak Momin informed the Shallang Police Station at 7.15 pm on Tuesday. on the death of these workers in this coal mine.
To express their condolences to the family, the KSU leaders and members have left for the family.
The Minister said that after receiving information about the incident, he had also spoken to the family members of the victim to express his condolences and promised that the Government will take seriously the incident and to ensure that the wicked do not escape the law.
Anyone who violates this shall be liable to punishment in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
This has affected the villagers, as they have not received even a single ration or other assistance from the government.
Regarding the groundwater extraction in Mawlai, Biangbor said that groundwater extraction in Mawlai is not allowed, and there have been many people who have come to ask for permission but the union has not allowed. , and the permission for the Shelter Home was after the union had thoroughly examined their urgent water needs and had also received permission from government departments, including the District Administration.
Paul Danny Kharmudai of East Khasi Hills won the title of 'Best Karateka' in the men's category.
Former Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh and NPP leader has lodged an FIR against those who spread false news against him on social media.
He said that this Society will be a legacy for your children who will support the families of the Society and will also encourage the future generations to continue this honorable work in the society.
Psychology, MLCU.The first part of the training focused on the importance of art therapy with the aim of raising awareness of how creative arts can be a means of treatment. understand that the arts are healing sources, and to help participants experience visual art, movement, storytelling, psychodrama, poetry and experiences between using as sources of healing to spread the joy of the heart that is there.
We must connect the present and the future from the past, so that the nation can survive,” said Bah Sunn.
At present, there are hundreds and thousands of different ethnic groups and religions throughout India with their own customs and traditions recognized by the laws of the Government of India. state as well as District Councils and local authorities.
Sadly, it is through the government's lack of attention that the students of this college have been bombed and tied by the police.
Therefore, she requests everyone to terminate such groups and refrain from creating new ones.
Shillong, July 17: The family members of Mary Marwein, a child who died in Mizoram but her body was recovered and brought to Umkrem, her hometown, have come to meet her. today with reporters to express their gratitude to the HANM Women Wing for helping to bring the body of the child to her village.
Of these seven, two are from Tripura.
He was elected as MP of Shillong Parliament in 1977-1
It is learned that as soon as the slips were distributed, the people gathered in the square to wait in line for their turn.
haka at 2:30 Pm.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Government has strengthened the security forces on the border between the State and Assam following the news of the emergence of a new Karbi group UPFKL.U. He said that although it has appeared in the media, there has been no exact information from the intelligence agencies or complaints from any person who has received letters demanding money from the UPKFL. The Minister said that he has already discussed with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) and the department has prepared a Detailed Project Report. DPR), but if there are parts of the road that fall within the border areas, problems may arise.
Explaining about the Khwai Competition, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, said that in fact the Khwai Competition was supposed to be held on the 26th of March, but due to the weather conditions, it was cancelled. On the 9th of this month, the RBTEDF conducted a public education program to raise awareness on the value of nature and all living things. Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and officers from various government departments of Ri-Bhoi District.
In this regard, the Draft Photo Rolls will be issued on 27-10-2023 at the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, Sub-Divisional Officer (Election) Amlarem Sub-Division and through the Booth Level Officers ( BLOs) at Polling Stations.
The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Jaintia Hills has ordered all Fair Price Shops (FPS) to comply with the provisions of the National Food Security Act (NFSA), 2013 and the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family. Welfare Department.
The CPF has been provided by the government only to deficit teachers in the past and this time, the LP teachers will also receive this benefit, which will be like a kind of pension after retirement.
This student is from West Jaintia Hills District.
C.Dkhar took 2 wickets.
Complaints can be sent to the Sub-Inspectors-
In its hearing on the petition filed by Ma Lber Laloo against the Meghalaya government, the court strongly condemned the continued illegal mining of coal, which is still happening today. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has already banned the mining of coal and the court has made it clear that if the transportation of coal is allowed, then the illegal mining will continue.
Shillong: On the 29th of this month, the President and General Secretary of KSU Sohra, on Tuesday met with the MLA of Shella Bholaganj, Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem and the BDO of Shella Bholaganj. The registrants are foreigners, in connection with the opening of the border hat at Bholaganj.
The speakers on the occasion expressed their gratitude to all the people who have donated to the poor through the Rupang Poor Relief Committee and said that it is through their donation that this event has been possible. work for 8 years now.
Matthew 1:17 So all the generations from Abraham to Jesus Christ are forty-two generations.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Union Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, Arjun Ram Meghwal, on Tuesday said that there are many sources of electricity generation such as solar, river, wind and It is necessary for the North Eastern Council (NEC) to prepare the project for the allocation of funds by the Central Government.
They tried to turn to the Secretariat but were stopped by the magistrates due to the enforcement of Section 144 Cr.
According to the rules of procedure, the Adjourment Motion must receive the support of 10 members, ie the MLAs in the House, in order to be discussed.
“Regarding the Assam government's plan to set up a police outpost in this area, we stand firmly against it, because if we allow this area it will be like Sabuda,” said Bah Hercules Suting.
Two matches will be played today, 5th November at the 3rd Ground, Polo, at 3:30 pm.
From the very beginning, DBMNTV through the specially appointed coaches including Kong Lapdiang and Samla Kheiñkor, also provided training to improve the talents of these youngsters who came to participate in the tournament.
The new UDP has been formed at the party headquarters in Mawlai Nonglum, and with the joining of Bah Khongwir, the UDP hopes to win the upcoming MDC elections against Babu Gervasis Kharmujai.
“However, the problem in the Office Memorandum is that the Reservation Policy has two clauses which say that 80% of the reservation in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills should be given first. to the residents of the districts,” he said.
Besides these two trucks, another fuel truck was stopped between these trucks and continued to stop on both sides of the road.
In the semi final of the Under-17 Boys category, Assam Rifle Public School East Khasi Hills defeated Sibsing Memorial Govt.
A case of murder has been registered against him by the Jowai Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
On the same day, the Joint Action Committee of Ri Loom Jaintia comprising of All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association, Meghalaya People United Front, Jaintia Youth Federation, Hynniewtrep Women Welfare & Development Organization, Ri Loom Jaintia Trader Association The funeral service was held at Lad Soomer, Jowai.
While the arrest was being made, the drug trafficking was still increasing until it was seen that the drugs had entered almost all the villages.
On the allegation by the MP on the PGI report, we should not blame but we should work together to develop the state where the state is lacking, he added.
Many feel that if the MBOSE revises the syllabus, it may create a problem in getting textbooks as it will take longer to print.
Members of the Self Help Groups attended the training on how to fill up the forms, how to deliver the forms to the departments in charge of the schemes. They also taught how to implement mobile apps which are up to date and also through technology to monitor until the citizens receive the schemes they are entitled to.
The MP said that Jaintia Hills has shown well in the state in terms of the number of talented players and he was pleased to witness the match between Mynthong SC and 7 Wasa Utd because he saw with his own eyes the spirit of play. The players as well as the football love of the crowd who filled the stadium.
Not only that, in the past few days, there has been a snowstorm from the public toilets which has caused people to be unable to breathe due to the smell.
She said that she had worked with Akbar for six months and every time she was called to his room, she would cry thousands of times and it was during these times that Akbar would leave her. , he would touch her body and most of the time, she would ask him to leave her room.
Shillong, July 2: A meeting of the two Chief Secretaries of Assam and Meghalaya was held in Shillong on Monday to discuss the recruitment of senior officers like IAS, IPS and IFS cadre between the two states. .
During the meeting with these women, the Governor expressed his concern that the women should be provided with adequate care and promised to provide assistance and prayers for their safe birth.
On the other hand, the Seng also warns all foreigners who come to earn money and work within the border of the Bri U Hynniewtrep, that they should respect and not come to show power to the villagers.
For the Under 17 (Boys) category, there are 28 schools.
Indore: U Akshay Kanti Bam, has withdrawn from the Congress candidate from Indore and has joined the BJP. The Congress party has contested against the BJP candidate from Indore, Shankar Lalwani.
“This meeting today is only an introduction to each other.
The CEM said that this is a meeting of the Council of Traditional Chiefs and Headmen and on that day the rules of procedure of the Chiefs will be discussed and the new office bearers will also be elected.
Phudmuri scored three goals in the first half and one goal in the second half. .
Shillong, March 16: The SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 will be held on Tuesday (16th March, 2023).
He said that the government authorities have tried to build one road but there has been opposition.
Therefore, the time has come for the authorities to bring in a government college in this district, so that it will be a blessing and benefit to the youth of the district as a whole.
The judges, including Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Ajay Kumar Mittal, have fixed a hearing on 22nd July 2018, where the state government and the Indian government should explain the case.
The delay in investigating the matter has been less than a year and has caused many churches to doubt that there may be something behind it.
Dr A. Lyngdoh, Deputy Director of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (STI) said that the number of cases of HIV/AIDS in Meghalaya has increased significantly. in the first place on the number of poor Longkmie who suffer from 'Mynraiñ' disease, a disease transmitted through the family.
The JSU has sent a letter to the Northeast Railway Frontier (NFR) to set up a ticket counter in Jowai to provide convenience to the people of Jaintia Hills especially the students of the area. Many students who go abroad on study tour through schools and colleges have to book tickets here as there is a special discount of up to 75 percent.
Others who attended the ceremony included Bah Richborn Suting, Branch Manager, Vanlal Thabah, Cluster Coordinator, Martin Mashli, Rangbah Shnong of Byrsiej, Bah Shemphang Sten, Secretary Shnong, Jovita Sten, President, Diangrilang Madur, Secretary, members of the Village Organization, youth and children from the village who came to witness the celebration. Village Organization.
He has scored 4,876 runs in Tests and 10,773 runs in ODIs.
At the conclusion of the meeting, Brig.
Mukhla Raij vs Mulang Ialong and Dulong vs Demthring will qualify for the semifinals.
Earlier, Border Minister Prestone Tynsong said that according to the new survey, the government has taken a 20 km crow fly distance from the zero point of the border with other countries.
It may be recalled that at a meeting held at Motphran on the 16th of this month, the Sengbhalang canceled their plan to march to the Secretariat due to the invitation of the Prime Minister. Dr. Mukul Sangma to meet on the 29th of this month.
Although the team was determined to win the title after taking a three-goal lead, the players of Rangdajied did not rest and continued to play and it was in the second half that Rangdajied scored. Oresterwel Langshiang scored two more goals in the 90+2 minutes and Stephanson Pale in the 90+5 minutes.
Shillong: U James Sangma, Minister of State for Information and Public Relations, today inaugurated the new office of the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) at Lower Lachumiere. The office shall also be the headquarters of the Passport Centre.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Ma Kyrmen Shylla will be the chief guest at Mynkoi Pyrdi.
When you bring in an additional question.
“The former Chief Minister said that now the most important task is to ensure that our freedoms should not be restricted by any new policy or law. try to bring any political party to India.
Foods include a wide variety of fruits, fish, chicken seeds, green vegetable leaves and nuts.
“Don't follow the policies of Bah Ardent or Bah Adelbert or your seat will fall only temporarily like them, work on your own policies” urged Bah Ardent to the new CEM of KHADC. Shillong, Brief: To strengthen relations between India and Bangladesh, a meeting of Deputy Commissioners of Meghalaya (India) and Bangladesh decided to jointly monitor the border areas to prevent illegal entry of people and other illegal activities.
Sixty cows worth T.21 lakh have been seized from different border areas of the state.
“In any case, the government should provide assistance to this family as soon as possible because we have seen through the media ads that they belong to a poor family and urgently need assistance.
The GEC will discuss issues related to the Jaidbynriew as well as issues of the party that have already been taken and will be taken.
“We cannot understand how the BRC has done this entire project while the NIT of PWD has clearly stated that only 40% of the work has been sub-contracted,” said the MPYC. “The BRC has been rejected by the PWD from the beginning, according to its understanding, that it cannot take over this task, but they (BRC) have entered the country,” said Bah Mylliem. “The BRC has been encouraged by the MDA Government in awarding many projects in the state especially the major projects such as the construction of the new Polo Market, the construction of the Bajengdoba Road, the construction of the the stadium in Tura and the construction of the new MTC office at Police Bazaar.
Registration is available at the Orthopedic counter.
Allmiki Ryngkhlem said that in relation to the allegation by Willy Pohphlet Rangbah Shnong Lakroh, Sibil Tariang Secretary Lakroh Village, the leaders of the two organizations disturbed the village on 5/08/2020 and took away weapons. According to the FIR lodged by the Village Leaders and VDPs of Lakroh Village on 6/08/2020 at Muktapur Patrolling Post, the EJNC has no knowledge of the incident. The names of the two parties are not included in the FIR and the name of the party is not included in the FIR, but we are surprised to see that the media has published the names of the leaders of EJNC, HANM, EJHD. The EJNC has decided to file a defamation case against the leaders of the two parties with sufficient evidence and if they cannot prove the allegation, the EJNC will file a defamation case against them. These village leaders have insulted the leaders of the two parties.
“Now that we have been in power since 2018 and we have signed the MoU to demarcate the border and thus the border demarcation has gone ahead, he (Mukul) is worried about his politics and starts to mislead. to the people.
Marbaniang is currently in District Jail, Shillong and has been charged under Sections 104 and 353 IPC. The President of the Taxi Drivers Association (APA) has shot and assaulted a policeman who was on duty with the intention of disrupting his duties while the 104 is a rule against him. to the policeman.
When entering the market, we heard the complaints of the shopkeepers that the market is so busy that sometimes even the daily wage is difficult to get.
He said the government has sent the Advocate General to advocate on this issue to the NGT where the government will set up a scheme to help the people to protect the environment.
“The Khasi people, while the engine, chassis and body are imported from West Bengal, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Bihar, Nepal, Assam, Punjab (Kharmetor) and all over the world. earth.
“I will send a letter to the Cabinet Minister in Delhi Gopal Rai to open another shelter for these homeless dogs,” Oberoi said.
In this search for special skills, the MSOA with the assistance of Ian Campbell, who brought the equipment to measure the strength, and the ability of the children to move, expressed his surprise to find so many He said that in the countries that are strong in sports, the first test they do for the youth is these four tests, the 20M sprint. , 10M Speed ​​ladder run.
A government team of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on the 14th of this month arrived in Guwahati to take up the case regarding the investigation into the death of Sub-Inspector ( SI), Junmoni Rabha.
They cannot rent a shop because the rent is too expensive and there is no control.
Binita, who also took part in the T.7klur question, but after looking carefully at the question, she refused to contest, but there too she answered the right question, but she did not get. more than the prize, because you have already withdrawn from the competition.
Since the Khasi States have not become the Provinces of the District Council or the Government of Assam, there is a need for a more accurate arrangement. 25.01.1950 The Khasi States (Administration of Justice) Order, 1950TRH was issued in Meghalaya (from 21.01.1947 to the present) It took many years for the country to become independent from Assam.
In Jowai constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla of the NPP with 14,079 votes won with 2667 votes against TMC candidate Andrew Shullai with 11,412 votes.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Ratachera, East Jaintia Hills, Bah D.Pohshna together with the elders of the village have come to explain the allegation by 106 households of Ratachera. He has increased the village fee to four levels where the residents have to pay T.3000/- T.2000/-, T.1000/- and Rs.500/ per annum.
The Supreme Court of India has issued a judgment to confirm the implementation of the MMDR Act in Meghalaya.
The elected and confirmed leaders include the President, Renga Ngamlai, Vice President, Ngailiana Thiete, General Secretary, Zodin Thara Ngiarsiang, Assistant Secretary, Sangpuia Nampui. Former MDCs Josiah Thianglai, William Thiete and Lalzoma Ngaite.
And after the veneration of the crowd, she was taken into the temple and will remain there forever.
About 200 school children from West Jaintia Hills district took part in the three-day winter camp entitled “Spectrum of Life” on the theme “The future is yours”.
But the rympha covered the whole field.
In short, we should not allow such insulting speech against others, because it will create racial differences among us Khasi.
Peter JL Lawai said that the district authorities should also take responsibility for the problems of the shopkeepers in Shillong.
The handover ceremony was attended by Law Minister Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma and others.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has announced the schedule of the World Test Championship, the third leg of the tournament from 2023 – 25.
(LUMPL) to purchase various machines for use at the PHC for the convenience of the patients.
The actress has left acting since 2014 and this is also after having children.
On this basis, the union has demanded that the authorities should immediately remove this person from the EPIC & ADHAR registration and the union has lodged a complaint according to the rules laid down by the authorities.
When attempting to get the opinion of the voters of the three constituencies of Nongstoin, Rambrai, Jyrngam and Mawshynrut, the voice of the voters was that If any candidate from any party wins, it is enough, because they don't want these old MLAs to win.
It may be recalled that from time to time Bah Sniawbha as MLA and Dy.CM has a desire to make Nartiang Constituency a Model Constituency and one of the examples he has shown recently is the opening of The stadium will be built in accordance with international standards as announced by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the stadium at Wahiajer.
As part of the celebration, groups and residents of the village by holding rallies is to express their happiness regarding the announcement of the results of the election without violating the rules of law or producing any chaos.
There are 16 schools and 7 secondary schools.
From now on, not only Shillong will face a severe water shortage.
A cash prize of 50,000 tyngka has been prepared for the winners including those who are 18 years old and under who have to bring a letter of consent from their parents. first, second, third and so on.
In the general election, the residents of Saiden Village have re-elected Bah EK Lapang as the Rangbah Shnong, Bah MG Kharshanlor as the Assistant Rangbah Shnong. SF Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Shemphang Kharlukhi as Assistant General Secretary, R Lapang as Finance Secretary and L. Suting as Treasurer.
We remember that in 1996-97, the BJP lost the elections in Delhi only because of the high price of piat which angered the voters.
However, after the increase in the population, it is no longer possible to supply cows or pigs and the result is that the number of Khasi cows has decreased not only in Khasi-Jaintia but also in Garo Hills.
She is currently in critical condition and is undergoing treatment at Holy Cross Hospital, Mairang.
The election process should be by Secret Ballot and not by the slave ballot.
You cannot exceed one calendar year.
Especially, in these days when the mynder ri has launched a campaign to destroy the humanity of the youth until he has been able to run from behind the trade, land and to destroy the family. you are the owner of the land.
God says: God is joy he will fill you with joy and peace.
She said that tobacco or cigarettes cannot be sold near schools or schools but the places should be at least 10 km away from schools.
“As it is the protest of the youth, the anger of the youth against the HNLC is still there, where if we don't try to bring about peace talks, the state will fall. to experience things that we cannot imagine.
He said that if it is like this to farm in the hope of getting money from the family, it doesn't make sense and if it is a type of crop that is not suitable for feeding pigs, it is better to farm. but to the swine, rather than to the enrichment of those who take advantage of them.
These organizations include the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation, the Garo Students' Union Khasi Hills Zone, the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement SWKH Zone and the United Achik Youth Federation.
Peter 3:10 No one will know except those who are taken away, the world will not know, the scientists of the world will not see but only the news of the disappearance of people from America Russia Europe India and all over the world the world is looking for people all over the world.
Shillong: The HITO today sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Isawanda Laloo, against the BJP for violating the law by holding a meeting. public.
Gogoi said Rahul Gandhi will arrive in Shillong and campaign on the 22nd (Tuesday) at a Congress rally at Madan Malki at 10 am.
This is because we throw away the items that we don't use anymore around us and we can't escape from that, because we don't have a place to put these items that are broken or not more to use.
In the past six months, it has rained heavily until the Umïam Dam has collapsed.
The Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla, met with the Prime Minister on Friday last month with a view to increasing the number of invitees to the opening ceremony. The Lok Sabha Secretariat.
The Bangladeshi was identified as Magbool Ali, 36, of Sylhet.
Bah Diverland Lyngdoh Vice President of MFA was the Chief Guest along with Brother Pascal Dhar of Rangblang Parish. Those who came to witness this event were enriched by the singing of the youth of this area.
The winners of the Inter-College Debate Competition were:
Perhaps it is not surprising that God spoke against one of the capitals of the world and that is Damascus, the capital of Syria today, as if He were speaking of Syria itself.
Regarding the decision of the State Government to continue the lockdown in East Khasi Hills, the Government has empowered the District Commissioner to manage the activities that should and should not be opened. The Government has also empowered the SDOs and BDOs to look after these tasks in their districts and blocks.
Ialong beat Salaroh 6-0
