“We have been told by the drivers and owners that the documents when sent to the brokers take two or three days to complete while when done by themselves, it takes months,” he said. said Mr. Kurkalang.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) West Khasi Hills (FKJGP) is deeply saddened to see the continued harassment of village leaders in Langpih area by the Forest Department of Assam. A few days ago, the Seng had led a meeting with the DC of West Khasi Hills to urge him to take action.
Therefore, we on behalf of the farmers of West Jaintia Hills District send a clear message and we unite against the kilo cut, and we feel sorry that we have to cut kilo of our crops that we have worked for. shitom and you smile.
Rio Myrboh scored three goals (18,41, 46), Desiderius Pyrtuh two goals (14,52) and Pyndapbiang Myrboh (28) and Sonowel Kharsati (68) each.
The CM said the state government has implemented many schemes and programs to create employment opportunities.
Those who violate the law will be punished because their employees will lose the benefits provided by the Government of India through ESI and EPF. it is impossible to write it all down here.
Perhaps there are many causes of mental illness – poverty, loss of income and lack of income.
South West Garo Hills has one high risk case and West Jaintia Hills has one high risk case.
Although the agricultural sector is very important, in recent decades, there has been a migration from these agricultural activities to other forms of livelihood.
At the same time, he urged the people to support each other especially the poor and to cooperate with the Government authorities to prevent the spread of this disease.
Speaking to reporters, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, who has been re-elected as the President of the party, said that the party will prepare for the MP and MDC elections. The NPP, BJP, VPP and UDP have been preparing for the elections while the Congress is still silent. I will contest with one candidate.
SHILLONG: Meghalaya lost four wickets in eight overs against Vidarbha on the second day of the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy match. finally and had to play nice.
There are 6 recoveries from the disease.
In fact, we must unite to fight against the forces that want to treat us like Hindus from the north.
The program will start at 10 pm.
Volleyball and Sport Climbing will be the two new sports to take part in the Meghalaya Games this year to be held in Tura.
In the past few days, the Minister in a meeting with the Village Leaders of Ri-Bhoi District, has confirmed and promised that the Government will not proceed with the establishment of casinos in any District. “We are against the people,” said the HYC in a statement sent by its Vice President, Bah Rhembor G.Saibon.
I told the judge not to treat the Khasi as cave-men.
Pynshngain said that with the approval of the government and the Governor, the number of MDCs has increased to 15 and he praised the government for its ability to He said that there should be 30 MDCs in the KHADC, and he alleged that the government's appointment is due to the inability of the ARPA to send the names of the MDCs. even though it’s been almost a year now.
in or contact the Booth Level Officers (BLO) or CSC centre.
As the relatives of this man live in Mawpun in Raid Kyrdem Ribhoi District, it is not clear when this man committed suicide in the forest.
Where are the policies of the Government, although this state is rich in tourist attractions blessed by nature.
“The complaint is ongoing in all districts and sub divisions to confirm this,” said Zenith Sangma in reply to a question raised by UDP MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
This is according to a statement sent by the President of the Seng, Bah RG Syiem on the intention to hold this tournament again.
:The opposition parties are in confusion because they don't have enough people to take over the post of opposition leader alone and if they want this seat, they need to form a coalition.
He extended his special thanks to all the teachers who have dedicated themselves to providing education to the students and to shaping their future.
These players will have to go through various trainings to improve their performance.
Explaining about the election of Eugeneson, the Hony Secretary of the SSA, Bah SS Rapthap, said that today, the union has convened a special meeting for this meeting. Therefore, on this day, the SSA will not hesitate to convene this meeting, after the meeting. After the death of Bah SK Sun, the SSA initially appointed one of the vice presidents as the interim president. After this, the SSA will have to convene a special AGM to elect and confirm the President.
Shillong, June 29: The State Government has requested 30 companies of the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) from the Central Government to be used to patrol the mid-term MP elections from Tura to be held on 16th June. .
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Society for Protection and Sustainable Development (SEPSD) have strongly opposed the government authorities for allowing stone trucks to pass through the Dawki Bridge. they will carry more than 9 tons.
In the case of demarcation from the east, it is through Pillar 139 which has been agreed on both sides that all the tympew, kwai and other crops of the villagers have been acquired.
It is not clear how many Israelis will release, but media reports say they could reach 150 people.
the poor villagers had to light the fire with fire and sleep around the fire.
Ladthadlaboh beat FAM 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Saturday.
“If you blame the NPP or the UDP or anyone else who is in the government, you blame yourself because they are involved in taking any decision,” he said.
It was through these letters that the author was able to write this book between the soldiers in these hills and the army chiefs in Calcutta and Delhi at that time.
Raising the issue in the House, James said the government has acted biased by sending Auxiliary Nurse Midwifery (ANMs) to take the examination including written and personal examination. recently.
This is something that cannot be accepted and agreed with anything. If you get 8 kg, you will get one byrni. Between the schools, you will get hundreds of byrni. 10 rupees per pound.
The Deputy Commissioner in his speech, praised the District Commerce & Industries Centre, Khliehriat for their initiative and ability to hold this exhibition market which is a platform for local entrepreneurs and talented people to show them their clothes.
Machine learning is a branch of AI that focuses on teaching machines on data without writing programs.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of Gandhi Jayanti or Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, the office of the Director General of Prisons, Meghalaya on Saturday conducted a cleanliness drive and planted trees. the headquarters of the 5 district prisons in the state.
Besides having to cultivate and grow to produce various kinds of jhur, they also have to deliver their crops to the market.
Pastor M Shylla gave a speech as the opening speech followed by speeches by the Pastor incharge of the church Pastor H Sutnga and Tbn JW Bamon.
There are now 1.2 million British people infected with the virus, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said.
The absence of any statement from the NPP leaders testifies that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, will not be willing to go against the demand for the State of Garo Hills, especially when the voice has come from Garo Hills. hi.
Also Read: BJP MDCs demand CBI inquiry into diversion of over 16 Cr SAG fund in JHADC Ma Thombor said that even the questions and issues discussed in the budget session of the council have not been raised at this time when the council is suffering from income and many revenues. the council should also receive exemptions from the council's budget.
Sajan Maghaiya tied 30 runs from 36 balls while Dipayan Nandi scored 31 runs from 25 balls to help the team win by two wickets and was named Player of the match.
“I also want to focus on the treatment of cancer patients in the state.
In this regard, the residents of Imphal have expressed their deep sorrow and concern over the removal of Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as MP in recent days.
“We don't want to see that the Dkhars don't come here every day and bring the star to Iewduh,” he said.
There will be those who will agree to allow women to participate in the Dorbar Shnongs and there will be those who will oppose because they do not want to destroy the custom.
The extortion by the employees of the bank came to light on Tuesday after receiving complaints from many customers.
Therefore, it is a big loss for us if we now buy electricity from the market at a high price and this will affect us badly,” he added.
He said the DC of West Jaintia Hills District will meet with the DC of West Karbi Anglong District tomorrow to discuss the need to set up a Peace Committee.
In the incident, 9 boats from Dawki were submerged and 14 boats were submerged, 10 boats from Darrang were submerged and four boats were submerged. The damage caused by the floods has been estimated at T.2 lakh, alone, from the loss of these ships, the report said.
Regarding the demand for the replacement of leadership, she said that they have not discussed anything on this issue but she said that AICC Secretary CP Joshi will come to Shillong within two months to meet with them. to all the MLAs of the party to know their feelings.
Nongpoh: A 15-year-old boy from Umtyrnga, Ri Bhoi, Assam, has gone missing from his home last night. and that he was kidnapped by a band of robbers.
They were taken to Ummulong CHC and later shifted to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for further treatment.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah John said that the purpose of this collection of events is to provide the future generations with accurate information on what the Khasi Hills have gone through in the past 246 years. go.
This was expressed through literature, music, and through their stories or speeches to their descendants.
On this occasion, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that seven policemen have been dismissed.
The union, after seeing through the media that many political parties, unions such as sumo drivers, taxi drivers and others are ready to support the strike, invites other groups to join hands. so that the demand can be brought to the attention of the NHAI and the State Government.
B.Sungoh Secretary Women's Wing said that earlier the government had expressed its concern that it cannot build a road there because it has to pay money to the land owners but now it has said that all the land owners have I would like to ask the government not to build a road but the government has not paid any attention to this area.
At 10 pm, police seized a Tata Truck 1512 (AS28-AC-1046) from Kalain, Cachar, Assam. Meghalaya.
The road is expected to be constructed at a cost of T.60 lakh and is expected to be completed within 10 months.
He added that before visiting the border areas, it is necessary to make good arrangements, and when visiting the border areas, we will also meet with the residents of those areas whether they are from Karbi Anglong or Jaintia Hills.
Rupang spoke to PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, who said that the idea is not to cancel the results of the students, but to hold on to the results of the students. The reason is to ask parents why they do not allow their children to be vaccinated against Rubella.
Titos W Chyne said that the Hima and Elaka have already submitted all the documents of the land under Meghalaya and it will be up to the government to include the documents. The District Council shall be appointed to this Regional Committee.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest in the presence of Gram Sevak A Dewkhait, Joyfie Nongrum, CC. Incharge, Sebastian Macri, Rangbah Mawphrow, Angela Macri, President of VO, and Members of Self Help Groups.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: The President of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CRP) Central Body, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, today expressed his deep sorrow over the killing of Rose Mary Mawlong of Sumer Village, Ri Bhoi District, by Bah.
There are many wise men, but trouble overtakes them all.
However, the surprising thing is that although there are many writers, the truth is that there is only one writer, that is, the HOLY SPIRIT. 1 Peter 1:11.
Tomorrow I will file an FIR against him and his friends who were involved in the destruction of Maheh's house.
“We fought with unity to win 32-33 seats.
Congress leaders who were present on the occasion were MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh, George B Lyngdoh, Kimfa Marbaniang and Mohendro Rapsang. They have sympathized only with those who have been infected with the corona virus, but as the days go by, it has been seen that those who have been sympathized with the corona virus are those who can take good care of themselves.
Referring to his imprisonment for more than two months, Ìangrai said that he has been deprived of his human rights while in prison. to appeal to the Special Human Rights Commission and to the court as well.
Prestone Tynsong's remarks came after the NHPF alleged that two factories in Umïam and Byrnihat in Ribhoi district have not paid their wages. Electricity bill has reached T.44.57 crore since
“We cannot retaliate with words, but we will continue to support the traffic police with the donation of rags so that the police can also do their work without the interference of rain," he said.
The coal ban was launched through a complaint by the Dima Hasao Students Union, which protested against the pollution of water, rivers and the environment by the widespread mining of coal. coal in various parts of the State, including Jaintia Hills.
The drivers of the vehicles also complained that their income was affected due to the heavy traffic jam.
Regarding the email request dated 23rd September 2019 from the Federation of Khasi States, the Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, replied to the email request dated 24th September On September 2019, he explained to the FKS that the recent statements by one of the UDP leaders on the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Governor General of India, Shri.C Rajagopalachari, The Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States on 17th August 1948 is a personal opinion and not the decision or opinion of the UDP. The Federation of Khasi States (FAKS) has congratulated the Federation of Khasi States on receiving the explanation received from Bah Paul Lyngdoh. A discussion in which all stakeholders – MLAs, MDCs, FKS and Chief Executive Members should be present at the table to discuss this important issue.
If the Umngot River is damaged in case of an earthquake, no matter how the dam collapses, the residents inside the dam will drown without hesitation.
The Market Development Assistance (MDA) scheme of T 1500 per MT to support organic fertilizers through Fermented Organic Manures (FOMs)/Liquid FOMs/Phosphate Rich Organic Manures (PROMs) produced as byproducts of Bio- The Compressed Biogas (CBG) plant is under construction under the GOBARdhan project.
The construction of the Jorhat-Majuli bridge is in progress and is expected to be completed by June 2026, said Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
in) on or before 4:00 pm on November 15, 2023.
On this occasion, he said that the residents of the village have expressed their opposition to the introduction of the dewbilat factory as the village is already surrounded by many dewbilat factories.
They include Apshai Griffith Niangti, Meban Aiboklang Suiam and Anissa Dariti Lamare, the first woman to represent India in such a cycle race.
The people cannot stand and do not really look at such kind of people's leaders.
Therefore, I feel that we should look back on how we should take action and perhaps think again about the ways and means of control in this regard.
Since the day this writer brought the Adjournment Motion on the last day of the Synrai Dorbar, where the discussion on the Roster System could not be implemented due to the lack of support from the legislators, I have received many questions. regarding what I wish to express before the Legislative Assembly.
The State will have to do better,” said the court while directing the State to submit a further report within six months.
The celebration was enhanced by the participation of women of Self Help Groups with skits, dances, costume competitions and other activities.
The head of Robert said that although the people have to save more money from themselves, but the scheme has brought benefits and has helped them a lot because they have less expenses.
The assistants were Pynshongdorlang W. Laitthma and Wanstar Thabah.
In the sight of the law, if it is implemented properly, no one will be able to stand against it.
And there are other things which we do not know, and we have no need to speak or tell you, you have understood.
To leave such a lyngkor in order to unite the political parties, it requires simpah simsong who are both men and women and who can cover all the political parties or all the national political parties.
For some time now, the activities in Meghalaya have been slow.
The Seng has decided to open this farmer's house after receiving complaints from farmers from all over the country regarding the problems they face in relation to the work of the farmers. especially the decline in the price of agricultural products compared to the cost of living.
He said that when asked, they said that they had received a syrnod from the Rangbah Shnong.
In a statement, the union said that the residents of the area especially the small vehicles that provide services from Dawki to Amlarem, Jowai, have been discouraged due to the heavy rainfall in the past months. The lack of adequate roads and other roads which have not yet had roads has caused the destruction of this road.
Nongpoh: U Bah Marcus Marten, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday urged the state government through the Veterinary Department to examine the animals imported for slaughter. from abroad, such as cows, pigs and cattle, should be thoroughly examined before being sold to the market and for public consumption.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Batlang S Sohliya said, “The peace and order situation in the district has been smooth and the credit goes to the residents of the district. The civil society organizations themselves have shown a spirit of tolerance, tolerance and strong opinion on this incident.
There will be a lecture by the elders on how to preserve the religion, customs and traditions inherited from the gods. There will also be a culture.
Of these 74 cases, 50 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 48 cases from civilians. 4 cases and 10 cases from West Garo Hills including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 8 cases from civilians.
“He proclaimed the work of sisters who have dedicated their lives to serve God, despite many obstacles and difficulties they face in their journey.
The new office bearers of the JYF-Central Body: President : OL Tariang Vice-President : J. Pala & Mr. MS Ryngksai General Secretary : N. Rymbai Joint Secretary : S. Pajuh Finance Secretary : F. Rymbai Publicity Secretary : U L.K.Rymbai Sports Secretary : U K.Phawa Organizing Secretary : U K.Lapasam Asst.Organizing Secretary : U S.Ryngkhai Education Secretary : U B.Chyrmang Environment Secretary : U D.Lyngdoh Socio EconomicAmkhloo Secretary : U M Art & Culture Secretary : U K.Rymbai Before the election of the new office bearers, a silence was held to commemorate the former president of JYF (L) Poipynhun Majaw.
The FKJGP leader said that the Watchman post according to the announcements is only for the three states of Mizoram, Meghalaya and Tripura but many of the candidates are from Rajasthan.
At the same time, the statement condemned the statements and demands of Bah Michael Syiem to abolish the District Councils which the Union said is the right of the minority community to be protected. and to own the customs and traditions, land and shyiap as provided for in the Constitution of India.
Shillong, March 6: Supporters of His Preaching Son Shylla MLA and former MDC of Nongkrem have thrown stones at the people of Nongkrem. The mid-term MDC elections will be held on 13th November,
And by the death of Jesus we have been reconciled to God.
The union also informed that the shops should have a Registration Seal from the relevant department and the shops should have a Cash Memo containing the Trading License Number, the shop names and so on to curb the illegal sale by these shops and especially to install display boards with the actual prices of food items.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The umbrella of all non-government school teachers in the state (JACATAM) has decided to continue its three day strike against the government's silence on their demand to take over the post of teachers. and provincialization in the state.
The incident happened on Friday night, but the 14 dead were found sleeping on Tuesday morning at their residence.
Speaking during the Question Hour in the House, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, while expressing his concern, said that the completion of cases and cases of violence against women and children is very low.
In his place, the BJP has nominated another Union Minister, Sarbananda Sonowal, who is also the former Chief Minister of Assam.
I agree with the statement of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, that the statement of NESO and CoHSO is the victory of the state and the nation as a whole.
The purchase price of land is 45 tyngka per square feet from the owners, while the price is 85 tyngka per square feet.
The youth died of his injuries and severe bleeding.
Shillong, November 2: The Under Secretary to the General Administration (A) Department of the State Government has informed the public that all government offices and schools in the 8 Nongkrem, 15 Laban-Mawprem and 22 Nongspung – Sohiong Constituencies – East Khasi Hills and 23 Mairang-Nongkhlaw, 24 Pariong-Mawthadraishan, 28 Rambrai-Jyrngam and 1 War-East Constituency will be closed on the 13th of this month for the mid-term MDC elections. that the people should elect their MDCs to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
The election was attended by the NPP Sutnga Saipung Constituency Candidate, Santa Mary Shylla, Sutnga Narwan MDC Seiborlang Shadap, Joinriwell Pyrtuh, former MDC Bataw-Lakadong Constituency, and NPP office bearers and workers from the circles. Sutnga-Saipung Constituency.
Because the law says that only those who hold the rank of Secretary in the State or who have passed IAS should be appointed. who passed IAS? And why didn't you follow the rules? The Movement asked.
The Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana (PMMY) has opened up opportunities for millions of people and has also promoted their happiness and freedom.
The campaign started from 13th to 15th July 2022 with the aim of encouraging the residents to hoist the flags of India in their homes.
Executive members and 15 volunteers have been elected to look after and run the stand in Motphran and Mawlai.
However, these present rulers have forgotten their rights and have forgotten where they are.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the state police are conducting investigations to arrest those robbers who were involved in the illegal collection of money for the curfew.
During the operation, the troops seized a large number of ammunition, including a 7.62mm Semi-Automatic Rifle, a 12mm Bore Single Barrel Rifle, a Mortar, Ammunition, 303 rifle and 9mm Carbine.
Only those who have been recognized by the government and authorized by the government to use these weapons have the permission of the government.
When asked whether the PDF MLAs will write to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, he said, “If they have spoken clearly on their part, they will be punished. 10 Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
The county authorities said that this is a very unfortunate incident that the 4-year-old child has lost his life due to the negligence of the parents who could not put good for this weapon that is harmful to their children.
“From now on, if the party finds anyone who violates the law, it will take strong action.
While she was walking, she was surprised to hear that someone had struck her and said, “Are dang wan nangno kumne.
The meetings were regular and hopeful.
The meeting was held that the village has not received food for five months from January to May
“At present, all we can do on the part of the Commission is to send a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs and the Director General of Police (DGP) regarding this incident,” she said.
In this regard, the VPP urges the SP to take the necessary measures as this act has disgraced the party which is still preparing to contest the MP election. The Lok Sabha will be held on the 19th of this month.
A total of 185 people have been discharged from hospitals after recovering from the disease.
“This shows that it is a conspiracy to escape the implementation of the ILP, because they don't want to, but they just passed the resolution because of the pressure from the people,” he said.
“Where can I go to drink
Of the four who were taken to the ground, three were women and one was a man.
Shillong: The BJP Pynursla Mandal has accepted Bah Bantei Rumnong as its candidate for the Pynursla constituency in the 2018 MLA elections.
Meanwhile, the party said that Meghalaya is not exempt from the CAB in the state and there are only three tribal areas in Assam.
However, if anyone does not agree with this order, they can approach the District Magistrate.
However, the incidents that happened in Chhattisgarh show otherwise.
AIS SujaSin was taken away by the death of Jesus Christ on the cross.
“If it is as it is now, there is no doubt that even the jait kynja will be created so that the jait should be taken from the father.
Witting denied rumors that after the death of Hoping, there has been a split between the HSPDP East and the HSPDP West. now the party is united and wants to save and strengthen the party.
“We cannot fail to remember the contribution of this Rangbah Nongialam who has worked tirelessly to build and protect the Jaidbynriew from the dangers that lie ahead which he has shown while holding the post of Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills. Autonomous District Council,” said the statement.
The NESO has alleged that the CM should in fact arrest and expel the illegal immigrants, but instead it has welcomed the illegal immigrants through the CAB
There have been 55 recoveries in the state today, of which 25 are from East Khasi Hills including 17 high risk cases, one from the Armed Forces, 2 ILI cases and 5 from abroad. .
The renewal and change in the price of petrol will come into effect from the 15th of this month from 6 pm.
The truck fell into a ditch about 100 meters from the highway and was witnessed by drivers passing by.
“Now the people are in darkness because the council has not thought about the implementation of the Mine and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 in Meghalaya. said Lakhon Biam.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) today lodged a complaint against the Editor in Chief of Republic TV Arnab Goswami for allegedly insulting the President of the Indian National Congress. INC) by Sonia Gandhi.
“It's not true that's my dream...” said Lydia alone.
Philemon Lyngdoh, former MDC of JHADC, Chutwakhu, Jowai, passed away on 21st June,
Police sources said that the incident occurred between the two parties due to a peaceful fight.
“Over the past few years we have continued to take steps to improve the performance of the health sector by implementing many measures to improve and improve the health services in the country. state as a whole," he said.
The complaint said that Hussain Shah, the driver of the van, had entered the State Bank of Pakistan.
I don't want to contest the election.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved the Power Policy, 2024 and through this policy, the Government aims to build power generation projects between the next 8 and 10 years which can generate about 2,700 units. mega watts.
“In these Regional Committees, besides being headed by Ministers as Chairman, the members also include the MLAs from those constituencies.
“I will try to implement what you say mother” said the daughter and looked at her mother “Listen to what your mother says and show but one more thing I want to tell you is that now you are working in the shop of people that you don't have to do that but put and stand firm in your mind to set up your own shop.
I looked at home like this in my absence.
They didn't want to go home because of the heavy rain and wind and stayed at a friend's house in Bangalkata.
Shillong: The Vice Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Sufiyan A Hazarika, also known as Manbhalang Jyrwa, has resigned as a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw in a statement sent to the media.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that many of the religious leaders have expressed to the state government that if the situation has changed, In connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, the places of worship will be opened in the first month of April.
When asked whether he has been trained on NEET preparation, he said that he has not been trained, but has received training from school besides his own preparation.
It is believed that if the sister flees to the other side of the Myntang River and stays there, the believers will be healthy, free from diseases and have a good income, but if she does not flee to the other side, If you don't sit on the branches of trees or in other places on the other side, it means that you will have illness and your income will not be good.
In this regard, the Committee invites all the youth of the KSU, especially the members of various units of the KSU, to come forward and fight. The KSU has taken active part in the election for the sake of the country and the nation.
These householders were accompanied by various civil society organizations, elders Morningstar Sumer, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh and others who came to protest against the destruction of their houses in Umsawli, Mawtari-Mawlong. government to demolish their houses and also to demand the immediate release of CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing.
Police said that on receiving a tip, they followed up on the incident and seized the truck at the weighbridge Khliehtyrshi, Jowai By Pass where there were two people in the truck.
I've been waiting for Bah Malki but once I saw that he didn't have any movement, I tried to do the same to him...” The Kongthei looked at Lanosha while Lanosha was silent. net.
The Governor also distributed prizes to the winners of the competition.
The middle class and the poor dressed and walked lightly like the people.
Donlang Kharsiemiong scored the first goal for Lumpyngngad SC in the 35th minute.
Shillong, June 14: The road connecting the villages in the sharing of the Riwar Mihngi on Thursday was completely cut off by the collapse of a mountain at Rngaiñ on Thursday evening. Three vehicles heading to Pynursla and Shillong were stopped at the scene.
After the leaders left the police station to meet with the police chiefs, the president of the drivers' union, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, confirmed the arrest of four persons from Guwahati. law, the public cannot view these detainees inside the police station.
This was announced by Umroi MLA and Chief Whip of the Opposition, George B Lyngdoh.
The Seng has expressed its deep sorrow over the passing away of this former leader of the Seng.
The foreigner was taken to Jowai for treatment after receiving treatment from Khliehriat.
The opening ceremony was attended by Dr. W Kharshiing, local MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and local MDC. Brightstar Shylla, Director of DHS(MI), Dr. Aman War, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, LNS Garod Dykes, Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing and other dignitaries were invited. Please include the Rangbah Shnong of Sabahmuswang.
On the other hand, the students of the College took part by performing a traditional dance to showcase the richness of the culture and traditions of the Pnar people.
Today, 75% of the 21,40,453 voters in 59 constituencies turned out to vote in the state till 5 pm while in 2018 the turnout was %
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the price of SKOil has been revised.
In the Khasi thought, it is known that religion is the spiritual life of people in themselves and in their families, where others should not interfere or criticize without knowing their own beliefs or understanding. faith.
According to studies, the more people drink, the more likely they are to have blood clots, stroke, premature death and aneurysms.
The problems of the people have now ended in terms of money and the situation has returned to normal.
The Meghalaya Government has appointed the Commission to investigate the working methods of the District Councils, under the former Chief Justice (Retd) of the Gauhati High Court.
However, the thinking of the people of those days was strong, and on a solid foundation.
I would like to thank the Central Government, through the Ministry of Roads and Highways for the financial assistance to the centres.
Shillong, Naitung 09 : The MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, who is also the Minister of Transport, today said that the company will soon start construction of the Umsning-Jagi Road. 40 kilometers at a cost of Rs 114 crore for the benefit of the people of Mawhati Constituency.
Regarding the Iawmusiang Complex Market, the MR Symbud said that they have sent to inspect the building, whether it is still in good condition.
For about 10 years he was a novices master and on 10th December 1934 he was consecrated as the first Bishop of Krishnagar.
Assam has once again invaded Meghalaya by building a road from Umkhyrni, Assam to the border area through Khatshala-Psiar village in West Jaintia Hills District.
However, if it happens that it is written that the pyrsa has killed his bakha who is the daughter of his own son, then it is considered good and right and it is called kha kñi kha pyrsa.
Then shall it be remembered that the beginning of all these things is in the beginning.
Bobby SW Momin, Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills, has been promoted as Special Superintendent of Police (SB-II), while Maxwell B Syiem has been appointed as Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Government has decided to appoint an independent inquiry by a retired judge into the assault on Agnes Kharshiing and Amiti Sangma at Tuber Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills.
The incident occurred after the village authorities of Mupyut area, which has nine villages together with the KSU, banned the Jowai Municipal from dumping garbage at the dump site at Mynkjai.
The meeting was attended by the elders and leaders of various political parties in the area.
But now, as time has passed, people have begun to understand how to use it.
Besides these inquiries, the students also requested information from the BDO Office of Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block on the assistance received by the school from the MP Schemes (Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha), from the MLA Schemes as well as MDC Schemes.
He said that the department has already conducted many awareness programs in the villages to explain to the people to separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage and to refrain from using it. plastic.
He said that the Congress will win from Mawhati, Mylliem, Mawkyrwat, Pynthorumkhrah, Mowkaiaw and many other constituencies.
So it went on until I reached the elders.
At the same time, Henry Kharmuti strongly condemned the seizure of money near the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in Arunachal Pradesh, and this shows that this government is a government that loots the wealth of the people. to spend on elections and that too abroad.
However, regarding the appointment of Lyngdoh, Bah Warsing Sohiong, said that the Dorbar of San Kur Phra Kur, did not oppose the appointment or promotion of Khet Lyngdoh to Maclyour Lyngdoh, but the basis was They have decided to express their dissatisfaction with the Raid Bhoilasa.
Herman Wanniang, CMSF Provincial Franciscan Br.
“The KHADC supports the State Government and the political parties on the issue that they will take to Delhi in the coming days and the MDCs will hold a meeting to decide whether to take the KHADC to Delhi to meet the KHADC. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
Intellectual : a person who has excessive intelligence.
This two month salary is for the months of November and March
The Constitution of India is not a miracle from heaven, but the result of discussions and developments by the leaders of the various regions, groups and ethnic groups that make up India.
You can do this by communicating through those who come to give you letters.
The 15 sites, newly named, include five human villages, 4 mountains, two rivers and another volcano.
All of them are from East Garo Hills district.
Shillong: The U-14 Inter District Tournament 2021 started yesterday at Mendipathar with the first victory of North Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Rahul's remarks came after Goyal said that all the money in the Swiss bank is not stolen money and the amount of stolen money in the Swiss bank will be known in you don't come.
“These 38 buses are in the process of being sold immediately,” the government said.
Even if they see, their eyes are blind.
Khlierhiat, Naiwieng 01: Police on Tuesday morning arrested a drug dealer and seized 2.771 kilograms of amphetamine tablet from Datsympeiñ, Ladrymbai.
The Minister said that the Government will try to continue to hold film festivals so that the talented filmmakers can learn more about the filmmaking process.
Paul and his friends put forward 40 demands and named the protest the 'Ksan Rngiew Movement'
The Chief Minister's reply came after a question from the MLA of North Shillong constituency, whether Mukroh village belongs to Meghalaya. in the Legislative Assembly of Assam.
Khan is also said to want more husbands in order to have more children.
The closure of the mosque came after three incidents of infection after a meeting on 12th October
Both of them are government servants who have worked hard for the development of Meghalaya.
They requested the DC to close down the coke factory as it has been built illegally without following the rules according to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) which says that coke factories cannot be built within 1 km of the residence. public or school public places and hospitals.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The first meeting of the BJP in preparation for the 2014 elections was held today at the BJP office in Guwahati. of the committee.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar regarding the problems they face from time to time by the Assam Police and Karbi people.
The lands of the Khasi Hills known as British India were merged as Tribal Areas under the Assam State and placed under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
However, it will be of no use to stay in trouble.
“Bah Sniawbha as a leader has his own vision but the voters are more important.
Rihun Namsaw President, Secretary Bitterly Doloi, Prinsibon Kharmuti Secretary Women Wing, Edilbert Nongrum Secretary Northern Region. , Bah Sylvester Shangpliang and other elders and village leaders.
The VPP has announced the name of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as its candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Rangdajied United FC are tied with Langsning FC on points but are in third place while Langsning FC are in second place on goal difference.
Ranaut is currently in her home state of Himachal Pradesh and will be the first actress to receive police protection from the Indian government.
“We will not be disappointed even if the people reject the party, if the party has worked for the good of the people because our principles are to save our rights, our spirituality. man and the identity of our nation"
He said that the case has not been registered.
“To relocate them is a necessity, not a desire to treat other ethnic groups unfairly and as an MLA I will not allow them to treat us unfairly, but they should be given land and various departments should take over. responsibility to hire its own employees"he added.
Speaking on the occasion, the Soil and Water Conservation Officer, Jowai Territorial Division, T.War, urged everyone to take part in the development of the soil. water and to be clean.
Seven people were killed and 21 injured when nine compartments of the New Farakka Express collapsed in Raebareli, the state said. UP. Nine of the injured were reported to be seriously injured.
Individuals or NGOs who are interested and have knowledge or experience in Front Desk and Housekeeping should submit their CVs by mail to ID-garodliving@yahoo.com.
On receiving information about the abduction of Sordar Warmawsaw, the Ri Bhoi Police rushed to the scene.
He said that this school has served and has been a great blessing to the Mawlai Constituency.
They didn't use force against these people, but they started by building railways and then they started building tall buildings with the Chinese government. It has paid for its own people from other states to come to this state to settle down.
The reason for the temporary closure of the CHC is to sanitize or clean the CHC and at the same time to search for those people who have gone to meet face to face with the doctor who works at the CHC. CHC, which is also part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-1
This topic I am writing now is from my experience of my mother who took care of me during my illness, so it turned my mind to those times when I was in the womb. I don't know what to do.
On the same day, the Minister also visited the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (Shlem) to showcase the talents in the field of culture.
For 50 years, the election of leaders in Meghalaya has changed slowly but no real change has come.
“The number ML01 should be canceled and they should pay tax like other commercial vehicles,” said Bah Kurkalang. think about it.
He said that the Monitoring and Evaluation Branch of the Public Works Department (Roads) has been appointed to assist and cooperate in the improvement of the RAMS. 414.213 crore including Rs 75 crore under the Central Road Fund, Rs 6.00 crore for the construction of National Highways and Rs 50.00 crore for the improvement of PMGSY roads. He said that out of this amount, about Rs 113.21 crore will be spent for the salaries of the employees and muster rolls.
Even the annual yield of rice is so high that we have no doubt that rice is one of the goldmines of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Prayer does not end only in words we pray and does not end in prayer, but we must accomplish and fulfill in deeds and by deeds what we pray and imagine.
The Rangbah Shnong of Madan Iing Syiem, Mylliem, Bah Hampher Khyriem, told reporters that the scheme will be a blessing to the people of Mylliem area who are facing problems from time to time due to the floods. agricultural fields and playground.
He passed the audition held by All India Radio in 1995, he also passed the audition held by Door Darshan Kendra in Grade-II. and tem in the Khasi Traditional Song Competition in 1990 organized by the HTCWO, a well-known organization led by famous singers such as Bah Jwain Sing Kharshiing, Bah Webster Davies Jyrwa. , Heddingson Ryntathiang, Amos Marwein and others.
The party has taken action on this incident because it does not want to have ethnic discrimination.
“The Catholic Church in North East India has grown not because of our hard work but because of the cooperation of the Church with the Salesian Fellowship,” he said.
New Delhi: Ka Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Agriculture, on Tuesday expressed her satisfaction to see that the farmers of the state, have been able to come and sell their produce. of their goods in this huge market in Delhi.
The landslide has blocked the river and has also polluted the water used by the residents of Jowai village.
He said the government requests the unions of Rangbah Shnong, the people and the civil society to cooperate with the leadership of the state government.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has informed the public that there is no case of COVID-19 at CNI Market, Jowai.
“He said that soon the KHADC will open the Khasi Institute of Traditional Medicine at Lum Sohpetbneng and there is also a plan to set up a laboratory. , the teaching method of giving medicines in accordance with the current hygiene practices.
The UALA on Tuesday signed a peace agreement with the state government at the Circuit in Tura.
This is the fault of FEEDCO and the SDM of MeSEB. This not only puts the lives of people at risk but also the lives of wildlife.
We also thank the Medical Team, MeEcl for providing light for these two days.
The injured were identified as Biren Ali (30), Sayed Ali (25), Omar Ali (40), Kowedh Ali (30) and Abibil Ahmed (19). .
It is for this reason that the state government has launched adequate tourist vehicles for the local entrepreneurs involved in this sector.
The time has come for those visionary leaders who can make laws, who can make policies of the government and not to rely only on government officers because officers come and go without them. the spirit of taking action for the state.
Damechwa Khongsngi (3/11), Despenly Syiemlieh (2/32) and Daulabiang (2/34) took wickets.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the government has taken the decision to introduce the Bill after careful consideration, not in a hurry.
Gurinder scored 22 runs and Abhay Negi 7 runs.
Before the training, the National Anthem of the country was sung.
Dr. Syngkon said that the party will also send a letter to the Government in this regard.
Nongpoh, March 04: Even after Meghalaya and Assam signed a MoU on the border demarcation in the first phase, Assam has not committed to crossing the border with parts of Meghalaya this time. The government has started construction of road in Bakhlapara village even after the village has been decided to fall within the border of Meghalaya which falls under the Nongspung Hima.
They said that the PHC at Byrnihat has 5 Sub Centres, at the same time there are more than 105 (one hundred and five) villages and covers more than 41,000 people. At the same time, under the jurisdiction of this PHC, there are many incidents, such as accidents and others. The shortage of staff, then the shortage of doctors, causes many problems.
Dr. Nitin Sahai, Assistant Professor, Department of Biomedical Engineering, NEHU, Shillong has recently received the “Long Term ICMR-DHR International Fellowship for Young Indian” award. Biomedical Scientists 2022-23”.
Amritpal Singh reportedly deposited money in the name of his wife in banks in the UK. Kirandeep met Amritpal Singh on Instagram. and two years ago, she visited Punjab, even though her family had fled to the UK since 1951. Kirandeep married Amritpal Singh on 11th June
He said that what he wants to convey through his visit and to accept the invitation to this festival is the feeling he has when he looks at the jynkieng jri as an example of unity. between the trees that are united together to carry a person when he walks and stands and also to provide income by showing the world their beauty and attracting foreigners in the field of tourism .
District Sports Officer of WJHD K. Passah, Working President of WJDSA EMH Passah, Vice President PL Lamare, Honorary General Secretary Lammat Laloo, Dawanroi Pyrbot and others were present on the occasion. other de.
The arrest of the CoRP leader and members was also confirmed on the basis of an Ejahar, lodged by Bhoirymbong Village and now Bah Bandary Ryntathiang and his members including Bah Shining Kyntla and Bah Shining Kyntla. Johnfest Lakhiat.
We will punish them severely because according to the law, it is included in the ban on such organizations,” said the party's mission.
Shillong, November 03 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday visited two residents of Mukroh village who are undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong. Assam Police on the 22nd of this month at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
As the dorbar has not been held anymore and therefore due to the need to issue a notice, the Governor has decided to take the necessary action according to the power given to him to decide on this decision of the Cabinet to cancel this notice. the law.
When Jesus came to earth he found the same condition of the Israelites – unbelief to the point that Jesus was caused to weep not for himself but for Jerusalem.
During the inspection, it was found that it was true as the union had received the complaint.
If the union continues to find such shops, it will not hesitate to take the necessary action.
On receiving information about the incident, some journalists on the second day of the month, went to the village to witness with their own eyes the incident. It was found that the household had built a house just to stay because the house had been destroyed by the fire.
If the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills are united in the UDP and VPP, leaders like Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Adelbert Nongrum will not be able to do this. they shall be able to declare the truth.
and they are like swords in the hand of a mighty man.
In a statement sent through the party's Media Cell, the HSPDP asked, “What does Bah Ronnie know about the basis and purpose of this alliance? We don't need to explain to Bah Ronnie on what basis we are working together, but we will explain to the people when the time comes”.
Meghalaya, which is one of the routes needed for foreigners from Assam to reach Assam and other parts of India, is in danger. ancient and modern governments.
Stay away from friends and places you don't need to go... the disease is a fire that burns the body and life not the trees... I pray to God to protect us by His grace.
Then Cain must have found bad roads.
Not only that, the Iewduh will become the market of the Khasi-Jaintia people and the Land Transfer Act, the law prohibiting the purchase of land by Dkhars in Khasi Jaintia Hills, will be strengthened. the owners of the villages.
In addition, the residents of the border area should have the right to fully participate in the governance of the country from village to village.
The EC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat has not been able to fill the Dy.CEM seat and the two EM seats. the MLA of Jaintia Hills.
I was called and asked to teach the children, because I didn't cook.
The request of the union is to help first those families who are very poor and who are only day labourers, who earn in the morning and eat at night, because only in these few days of curfew, there have been families who found it difficult even to get food.
The first semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 will start today (31st March 2023) at 1:45 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium. Nongstoiñ, March 30: The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club (MYCC), which is one of the sports clubs that has been working hard and has been prominent in the organization of various sports and programmes, has been appointed. The 2021-22 District and State Level Inter Football Tournament of Mawrusyiar Village has ended with the Best Outstanding Youth Club Award for the year 2021-2
Thus, if you go to throw the fire at night, it may be that even the most precious things can be thrown away in the darkness of the night light.
The closing date for receipt of entries and registration will be on 27th October 2023 and the draw will be on 27th October 2023 at 5pm.
Robert said the High Court has not yet said whether it has accepted or approved the Reservation Roster Maintenance Policy but it has made it clear that there are some parts of the Reservation Roster Maintenance Policy. Policy has not been considered.
We should not refuse when advisors/helpers come, but at the same time we should be careful so that it does not affect us later.
In the second round, Bah Synshar won by 1903 votes.
However, he said that later the staff of the office came to test again and found that the water was no longer safe to drink. the company.
Behold, I will prolong thy days and thy years fifteen years.
The pending work is the Coal Mining Plan, according to Ma Lber Laloo, which is the responsibility of the State Government. The State Government has not yet been able to prepare the Coal Mining Act and Ma Lber said the State Government should pass the Act as soon as possible.
The Syiem of Raid Nongtung said that in fact, the Assam government should not come to use the land as it is in Meghalaya.
Umshangiar finished the innings in 18.4 overs for the loss of four wickets.
However, I don't think there are any who are wrong.
Barcelona has always been a special place in my soul.
The farmer came out of the Sanium 'langmet and climbed on a tree. Besides the tree he saw those cows surrounding a cow lying on the ground. injured his feet and fell into the pit.
On the other hand, the children and relatives of the deceased, expressed their gratitude to the villagers and others, who came to condole at such a time of grief. Although the village authorities did not announce the incident, many people came to mourn.
Therefore, in talks between the government officials and the people, these Assam government officials had to flee the area and the attempt to stop or demolish the top um failed.
“Teachers are like the stones that burn brightly to encourage the students and we need dedicated and skilled teachers.
The drill started with the sound of sirens and the district officers immediately developed an emergency response protocol followed by the rescue teams, who went to all the places where the mock drill was conducted. , in order to release people and animals to safety.
He said that if you look at the agricultural products here, most of them are considered as forest products and this needs to be discussed.
On the allegation that the CRPF used lathi, the SP said, “Those children who were here last night tried to steal the guns of the CRPF and the CRPF has the right to fight with the CRPF. They had finished their work and were about to return to their homes.
The Synod Higher Secondary School will lead the KJD STA tournament soon to compete for the title.
The VEC is only a Sub Committee empowered by the village and comes from the NREGS scheme. The 100 days scheme that we know about the VEC cannot exist without the SHNONG and the village leaders. Good Bah because the post of Chairman VEC has been taken by the Rangbah Shnong in my opinion. It is better to be the chairman of the Rangbah Shnong for 100 days, because now in the vec if the secretary is a man, the chairman should be a woman from the SHG. The secretary shall not be the chairman.
The quarry is located 1.46 km from the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and 1.38 km from the Lukha River.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 489 new cases have been confirmed and 4434 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
The sudden and unexpected incident in these days around the world due to the disease or disease known as the Novel Coronavirus (Covid -19) has shaken the minds of many churches on this issue.
The 69th Anniversary of the Shillong Times will be celebrated at Pinewood Hotel Shillong at 5 pm.
Therefore, the competition cannot be stopped, because such a competition has existed since ancient times.
The rule of the chiefs has increased this discrimination which has led to this problem.
This time, the SSA will hold the tournament at the MFA Turf, Third Ground Polo which will start at 4 pm.
He said that it is through the struggle of the KSU that the KSU has achieved its goals.
“Regarding the incident against Bah Michael Warjri, the party urges the state government to take strong action to talk to the Assam government to transfer the case of Bah Michael Warjri from Assam to Assam. Meghalaya, because the incident against Bah Warjri has fallen within the border of Meghalaya,” said Bah Eldie Lyngdoh.
According to the MLA, those who oppose him have spread the rumor that there are many schemes submitted by the MLA. him.
The light is terrible to look at because those who walk no longer look to the right, to the left, to the chess, or to the back, but they stand still without a trace.
Doesn't the Meghalaya government want the children to be hardworking, hardworking and not those who have to survive from childhood to old age? of us who will not be able to pass the examination.
COMSO has decided to hold a strike from 4th to 8th June but if the Government of India continues to do so, COMSO will announce a strike. strong protest.
Therefore, they do not want to lose the power of sovereignty as written in the book Khasi Religion 1937 by Homiwell Lyngdoh.
The families affected by this disaster understand better the problem and suffering because it is a disease that is mostly incurable.
Xupermark will be on the market until 8th June and can be purchased by writing to the company's website.
This caused a lot of trouble to the British who owned tea plantations in the Caribbean and elsewhere, because their trade required slaves.
Regarding the release of Bah Manason Doloi from these Nongrahbor, the family members of the Sordar, have expressed their gratitude to all those who have worked hard to release him without injury. They also thanked the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and Home Minister, who have directed the Police Department of Meghalaya to take action.
The aim is to achieve “Har Aagan Yoga” by taking it to the remote areas of the country and for this purpose training in the Common Yoga Protocol (CYP) has been provided to more than 2 lakh people. villages in India.
About 20-30 foreign shops including benami shops are located in Laitkor and the village has warned that those who have been closed should not do so again and if found, the village will take strong action.
His Uniqueness is that he was born without limbs (no hands or feet).
The same is true of Psiar.
On the other hand, the DMHO of West Khasi Hills, promised to take the necessary action for the Sub Center and sent to the Sub Center to visit the area. what you need.
It has been said that many of those who have illegally entered the state have never left, and only the entry stick has appeared while the exit stick has not been seen at all.
Jowai, March 02: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBRC) through its Chairman Chandame Sungoh on Tuesday said that it fully supports the decision of Lapangap Village not to cut down or remove the trees planted in the area called Moopyrdet. .
DRI security forces stopped the vehicle of the two men at the toll plaza at Panikauri village, Fatakpur, Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal.
The incident happened in Mawlaingut village on the 20th of April last year.
They have now been able to occupy land and other privileges reserved for the tribes.
During these two days, there will be various programs including the participation of employers from various groups and companies to recruit skilled youth in various fields such as agriculture. Information Technology, Tourism and others.
According to the report of the East Jaintia Hills Health Department, 110 people have been randomly tested and 8 people who came from abroad have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 on 10th November.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The BSF on Tuesday after receiving a tip on a tip-off, conducted a raid together with the Meghalaya Police and arrested the suspects. two women from the border with Bangladesh.
The Muslim League has been allied with the Congress in the UDP since 1970 in Kerala.
In the final match, Mookyrdup beat Mupliang 2-1
It is to be recalled that a coal truck carrying coal has overturned in Umling area. This truck was coming from West Khasi Hills and was intended to deliver coal to Byrnihat. which refuses to pass through the highway.
The Minister said that he has received requests from various political parties who want to meet Amit Shah and the State Government has made this request for these political parties. Conrad said he hopes that Amit Shah will take the time to meet with the Minister, but no reply has been received yet.
However, China has reached the ground floor.
“I didn't join the party with the intention of getting anything, but when I look closely, I see and understand that only the Congress can provide satisfactory services to all in the country. ", he said.
They will take away our share of our state and answer, 'Tien I mei.
A case has been registered against these suspects at Lumshnong PS and the investigation is ongoing.
Morocco were reduced to 10 players in the 90+3 minutes after Walid Cheddira was sent off for two yellow cards.
After a tough draw against Rajasthan United in the recent match, Lajong are fourth in the points table with 13 points from nine games. .
“We have already held a protest against the Citizenship Bill on 18th June 2018 in Assam.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 305 people have been newly infected with the virus and there are 2930 active cases in the state.
The Bible is not a book of religion and does not preach religion but it is the word of God. It tells of the greatness of God. because it is God who created them and the greatest message is God's great love for mankind.
"I am working hard on this," said Kumar, who is ready to take part in the rally of the country's political parties after he parted ways with the BJP last month. The RJD and Congress are also involved in Bihar.
Mawrie said the party has already selected 10 constituencies in Garo Hills, which can bring victory to the party. ahead.
If the NPP really insults and discriminates against the small, the weak will one day be defeated by the stronger.
The General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has said that the hospital should be implemented as planned, which is to set up an MCH hospital and will not be allowed to set up any temporary jobs, said the General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar. C Gift.
However, the Khasi Jaintia National Upper Primary School is one of the schools in the city which has provided daily food to the children.
“If fish is imported from Assam, the price should be lower and if it is imported from farmers from this state, it should be lower but the price is decreasing. “There has been a lot of smuggling in the past 30 days by smuggling fish from Assam into the Meghalaya Lake to claim that they are fish produced in the state”.
The ITLF has demanded that the Central Government, the Manipur Government, the National Commission for Women and the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes should take action against the incident and arrest those involved.
India produces about 3,500,000 tonnes of rice annually.
Wanshanbok Jyrwa scored the second goal for Phudbyrnei in the 85th minute but Wudlang Jaba scored the second goal for Bara FC in the 88th minute. to win the victory.
LSN.Dykes at his office on Tuesday. The Muster Roll Union, although they are the smallest employees in government departments, has been able to provide food items to the residents in many areas. Shiv Mandir Committee, Jowai.
According to the Minister, they have directed the state electricity department to set aside this fund to be used in the operation of MeCEL to be profitable.
According to Bah Tyllibor, the government will receive at least 1,500 rupees per annum from one shop and if the government takes care of this, it will be a way to increase the revenue. the government's plan.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Minister in charge of Jal Shakti, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, Minister of State for Child Development, Prahlad Singh Patel and leaders in these fields, educational institutions, community members and WASH experts provided their descriptions and recommendations on approaches to accelerate implementation.
Saleng's remarks came after about 8-12 youths from the constituency were stranded in Mumbai, Maharashtra after being deceived by people who promised them jobs. to him.
“At the meeting it was decided that the Dorbar Shnongs should direct the landlords to register the residents and the KHADC has decided to issue a Notification to register the residents. The CEM said that he is pleased that all the Rangbah Shnongs should cooperate so that the Khasi will not be allowed to enter the country without the NOC of the Rangbah Shnong. The Rangbah Shnongs shall cooperate to verify the Trading License and the Rangbah Shnongs shall not issue the NOC without the approval of the Executive Dorbar 2:3 of the Dorbar Shnong.
Meanwhile, Hamas spokesman Abu Ubaida said on television that the death toll in Israel was higher than announced by the army. and he said, "Your soldiers will return home with their swords.
The Agricultural Kendra, West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin has also announced the vacancies for the post of Superintendent Cum Accountant/Office Assistant and Junior Assistant. ] nographer and then the job of Driver cum Mechanic and Supporting Staff (skilled).
For the winner and loser, the referees took the match to the tie-breaker and it was there that the US&CC, which led from Meghalaya, managed to beat the team from Mizoram by -2 and won the title in the match between the teams from the Northeast.
Let me remind you again that this is not a Government programme, but it is one of the festivals that we have partnered with Rocksi.
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul Sangma said that the Dy.CM has misunderstood the meaning of this.
When asked, Sniawbha said, “The talks are ongoing.
viii) the delay in amending the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959 which has been misleading and has seriously affected the customs and traditions of the Khasi in front of the world.
Those who have such documents, please forward them to the office of the Khasi Students Union, Jaiaw Chapel Road, Shillong-7 KSU) – 9485175812, Rapborlang Nongrum (Publicity Secretary, KSU) – 8014989946 & Ostarnic Marbaniang (Assistant Publicity Secretary, KSU) – 7085871426.
Therefore, the Court has taken note of the lack of a Roster System and has had to suspend all recruitment until the Roster System can be prepared.
If this is the case, it will not be long before this whole nation will appear or change into another form that we cannot understand and imagine.
That meeting that day was like shooting one stone at two birds.
“I have expressed in my speech that I have advised the Chief Minister to avoid having contact with such people whose identity is unknown.
Shillong: The counting of votes for the three state assembly elections in Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya has started at 8 am today.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) has surprised the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (KHADC) to find that there are foreign workers who do not have a Labor License.
Earlier, Andrew asked whether Star Cement has already received a Trading License to transport the dewbilat trucks it operates. The EM in charge of Taxation, Wining Garland Sungoh, replied: He said that the department in charge of the matter will consider the matter as there has been opposition from the unions regarding the issuance of trading license to foreigners.
He said that Kiri Dhar was born in 1823 in Shangpung village. He was called Kiri Chaliang because of his beard.
Jowai, Nailar 16: A team of the Regional Committee between Assam and Meghalaya through West Jaintia Hills today visited Khanduli village to meet on how to bring peace and stability in the country. and to resolve the border between the two states as soon as possible.
One hundred and ninety-nine years ago the Presbyterian Church established and established the traditional teachings that believers and its members should live, teach, preach, fight and advocate for believers and fellow human beings in need. bad see lanot.
She said that this young woman got the job by passing the examination and whether the officer goes beyond the limit, he should be punished more severely, not the lady peon.
Rona, who won from the UDP, has set a record as a woman to be elected from Ri-Bhoi to the KHADC. Ri Bhoi District but after winning two MDC candidates from Nongpoh and Umsning, the party has hope for the upcoming elections in
Such species are very common in Assam, and we used to see when we went from time to time to sit near the Brahmaputra, dozens of children walking without clothes came to our place.
Sometimes, if it was men, they had to climb into the roof of the car just to avoid being carried by a man.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Laban Bengalee Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong has been ranked first in the Top Ten of the HSSLC Science and Commerce Stream, Shillong. 2023 was announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education on Tuesday.
To walk, to stand, and to work with joy.
He urged the government and the leaders to turn their attention to the area by implementing schemes and assistance for the development of the area, so that it can become like other villages in the state. , he added.
According to information received by the media, the man had left for Shillong in the morning, when it is believed that the incident happened when he was about to leave. returned home, because the incident and the place where he lived was not far away.
“At the same time, he said that some of the construction works have been delayed due to the delay in getting electricity.
There are those who criticize the implementation of the NEP and increase the number of subjects to be on par with other states.
He said that Sohan had a plan to appoint Jerome as chairman of the GNLA instead of Champion as he was very fond of Sohan in drinking and entertainment. female.
It is worth mentioning that the Pandal was damaged by the cyclone which hit severely in Ri Bhoi, where the worst affected areas were Umroi and Umsning. The Rynsan has been repaired by a storm last night, but last night the storm has caused severe damage to the Rynsan.
The book “Khmih Pynor- The Collection of Khasi Poetry” is available from Ri Khasi Book Agency, Mawkhar at the price of T.150 and T.200/- each.
This decision was taken by the Seng Khasi Kmie (Mawkhar) at a meeting convened by all the branches of the Seng in Mawsynram area for the purpose of resolving the issue. prayer at the Crematorium, in Mawsynram.
Before the end of the match, Laban had scored the first goal through M.Lamare in the 87th minute. Laban SC won 3-1 and although they lost, they won the cash prize of T.1 lakh 50 thousand tyngka.
“It is only this Government that has taken the initiative to resolve the border issue.
In East Khasi Hills, 105 cases and in West Garo Hills, 99 cases.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Police on Tuesday received a complaint from Naina Chettri, resident of Nongmensong, that on the 13th of this month, at 2:30 to 3:00 pm, she came to visit. When she returned home, she found that her gold necklace worth T.13,000 had been lost.
The government has also spent T.2,38,740 on training for pig farmers to protect pigs from ASF, including the issuance of SOPs and IECs, to ban the smuggling of pigs from outside the state, issue strict orders to farms, set protocols for containment zones, set up ASF Task Forces and RRTs and others.
Tomar's arrest came two months after Delhi police went to Munger to verify his degree certificates from the university he had accepted.
On the other hand, Bah Kitborsing also requested the police department to continue to do their job in collaboration with the members of the Seng Samla. Village.
The AJCCTA said that the permission of the traders to smuggle coal has caused a lot of trouble to the traders themselves, because even if they have passed through all the check points of the Meghalaya Police, when they reach Assam. Before the money was sold or received, the feet of the smuggler were on the road and the other was not at the Assam police station.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Housing, Rosett M Kurbah said that the government has released the funds for the payment of salaries of the employees of the Board.
We firmly believe that happiness is the perfect balance in society.
Who takes responsibility for himself and participates in good deeds in the community from the work of the family, the work of the church, the work of the community, the work of death and life and as a father in the work of the family surname.
If the government has its own land in such areas, it will open the door not only to protect the animals but also to carry out other development works.
In this regard, the union has lodged a complaint with the Chief Information Commissioner to impose penalties on the PIO for not providing information.
The Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHAM) and the Narcotic Cell will come to explain to the school children how to avoid this type of drinking.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding villages tomorrow.
In a statement, D.Sun, spokesperson of Sur ki Nongwest, said that the Sur ki Nongwest has invited the public to attend the ceremony. to represent India for the tournament.
In this regard, the HNYM President Tailan Star Lyngkhoi said that the HNYM will send a letter of complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
Lorenza Songthiang won the bronze medal for India at the Pankration World Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan from the 2nd to the 4th of this month.
The reason for the confirmation of these 13 cases is that a man from Bhoi, who had gone to the funeral in Darrang, on the 1st of June, was killed. She stayed for 2.3 days in Bhoi and when she returned to Bhoi and became ill, it was found that she was positive for covid
How can it be worthy and polite to call Him whom we fear “Me?” For example: Do the Khasi love and respect God? Does this mean that 95% (percent) of the Khasi don't say that we Khasi don't understand the customs and traditions? u Blei 'Oh God, full of faith and almighty, YOU are great.
The manner of providing food has raised questions to the Sports Department of the State Government,” the petition said.
The tournament was opened by Bah Teibok Laloo who was the chief guest in the presence of Bah DM Nongkseh (President, Banbudai Sports & Cultural Club), Bah SP Shadap (Rangbah Shnong, Banbudai) and Tbn. .B.D.More.
The Court also directed the Government of India to respond to these petitions before 9th June,
India, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia, Nepal, Male, Oman, China, Vietnam, Kenya, Senegal, Uganda and Sierra Leone will take part in the World Cup. , Egypt, Guinea, Cote divoire, Poland, Latvia, Belarus, France, London, Netherlands, Uruguay, Argentina, Canada, and New Zealand.
What is happening now is only a SIGN of the beginning of what will happen earth wide during that last 7 years or last day mentioned at Daniel 9:2
The residents said that the issue at hand is especially the development and status of Mawshynrut area, which although it has received Civil Sub Division for several years now, but nothing has changed. but it remaineth the same.
Shillong, July 15: As part of the celebration of Meghalaya Day on the 21st of this month, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma has directed all the Deputy Commissioners of 11 districts, Sub Divisional Officers of the Civil Subdivision and Block Development Officers of C&RD Block to ensure that the celebration will be a successful one.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The HNYF Southern Riwar Circle has warned that coal trucks should not overload the border as it has caused traffic jam.
The three players who were awarded were Marbashisha Nongsteng who won the second place in the Junior category, Bashisha Nongsteng who won the third place in the Sub Junior category and Tony Marshilong who won the third place in the Sub Junior category. spirit as an official.
Therefore, these people need the attention of someone, maybe there are NGOs who are ready to help these people but it is difficult because even the family members of neither can they accept them for what they are.
At the same time, the AJCCTA congratulated the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma and Lber Laloo for bringing victory in the ban on coal mining. The Supreme Court has already issued its decision on the 3rd of this month for the resumption of coal mining as usual.
Hebrews 9:26.
Police sources said that police have not yet found any suspicious signs of the death of these workers but they will start their investigation after receiving a report on the examination of the bodies. death of these 14 people.
Shillong, March 3: The Meghalaya Government today strengthened the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act while the protests against the Inner Line Permit (ILP) are still underway. ) Assam Act 1947 to prosecute the protesters of the ILP. This strengthening by amending the provisions of this Act is necessary as the civil society groups in the state are still conducting protests to demand the ILP. Speaking after the Cabinet meeting today, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the ILP Rowell Lyngdoh said the Cabinet has decided to add two more provisions, Article 6 (b) and Article 6 (c) from the existing Article 6 (a) of the MMPO Act.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84757 out of which 83184 have recovered and 1479 have died.
The festival is organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) and this will be the second time that the festival has been organized by STEDS. to promote tourism in Sonapyrdi and especially to protect and preserve the Lukha River as well as the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
On November 26, 2018, AJYWO, after receiving an RTI reply, sent a letter to the Council demanding a thorough review on the issuance of Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees' Service License in Jaintia Hills. to foreign traders only in those types of businesses that the foreign traders cannot manage.
“We strongly condemn the MDA Government and the State Police Department and we demand the same voice of the people of Mawlai to temporarily suspend the SP of East Jaintia Hills and also the SP Traffic of Shillong. Minister who has not dared to punish those bloodthirsty people of the government,” said one of the leaders of the Jaintia Hills Sengbhalang.
The song is composed by Kevin Kharmalki and directed by Ki Ki Garod.
Following the clash between the Khasi Pnars and Karbi, the West Jaintia Hills Police Department has deployed police patrols in the area to maintain peace and order.
: The KHASI STATES which includes the areas under the jurisdiction of the Syiems and the Khasi Jaintia Hills District which includes the areas known as the British Territories.
The presence of radio or television tomorrow will not interfere with the reading of newspapers.
According to the police, the robbers did not get all the money inside the ATM due to the failure of the ATM machine but they took away only a few of the money that was left behind. the time when people went to withdraw money.
(2) The resurrection at the end of the 1000 years will be the day of Satan's release from prison.
Soak the stem of this plant for a while, then pour the water again and drink it again.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah John Lyngdoh, In-charge HYC, South West Khasi Hills, said that health is a great wealth that we cannot buy at all.
Khliehriat: The FKJGP Khliehriat Circle is deeply saddened by the overcrowding of Wine Stores in East Jaintia Hills.
Public meetings were allowed in Philadelphia while they were immediately banned in St. Louis.
“Because of the deterioration of the bridge and the overcrowding of heavy vehicles including coal and Mawramsong, the bridge could collapse at any time,” said the report. PWD Engineer. “It is difficult to repair the bridge because we don't have the equipment and we request you to sanction for the construction of the bridge with RCC,” said the engineers in a report. to the Chief Engineer and to the Government.
Miss Mexico, Vanessa Ponce De Leon, is the 2018 Miss World.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga said that this is a false statement.
Within the National Medical Commission, there are four Autonomous Boards including Undergraduate Medical Education, Post Graduate Medical Education, Medical Assessment & Rating, Ethics and Medical Registration.
Under the umbrella of the JAC, many groups including NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday decided to intensify their protest by calling an indefinite strike from the 13th as a sign of protest. protest against the decision of the VC of NEHU regarding their demands.
Then from the top we draw another line segment to meet the Base.
State Funeral : the funeral is the funeral; kher is the kind of bakaw.
After the students' comments, the teachers' comments on the topic “The Decline in the Value of the Country and the Nation” were given by Renda M.Khonglah, Asst.Professor Khasi Department, Rimiki Lada Nanghuloo, Asst.Professor Physics Department, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
At the same time, the Seng has informed that it will hold the Maham Sing Education Award 2016 to the youth of Riwar area who are still in the Khasi religion, who have passed well in various examinations.
The ban on coal mining has been in place for five years and it is not known how many more years it will last.
“Criticizing the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Pala said, “Another important thing is that it is difficult, you know if we build a church, any religious leader has to consecrate it. But now the Prime Minister of India is just trying to promote the Ram Mandir instead of allowing the Sadhus to do their duty, the politicians are doing their job.
Speaking at the meeting, Finance Minister Pankaj Chaudhury said that India's income is growing rapidly and a large part of this growth is due to the economy. work related to the sky.
There will be no mention of the illegal mining of coal, the various kinds of investigations that they have set up just to deceive or intimidate the people.
This decision was taken by Lapangap village after a mass protest against the cleaning of the Assam road from Tahpat, Langkeroi, Lapangap which the Assam government has been working on since July
When I say this, I don't mean to ban students or Government employees from entering or staying temporarily in our villages, but the article refers to the foreigners who have the right to They intend to come from village to village in this state and our beloved Khasi Hills by entering through trade, through religious groups and through Khasi girls and boys.
Rupang on Saturday spoke to Kong Pyngrope, who has one child. She said that her husband has been appointed as Officer-incharge of the Police Outpost in Patharkhmah for two months. However, because of the Republic Day, he did not come home.
Khliehriat, Nailar 22 : The leaders of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) East Jaintia Hills District today sent their resignation letter to the General Secretary of the PDF Central Body. in the Jaintia Hills.
According to Bah Warjri, Assam handed over the land of the Hima Nongspung to the Kashari High Court on 25th November after the Hima lodged a complaint against the Hima in 2009 for the construction of the road. from Patkang to Bakhlapara village which falls under the jurisdiction of Nongspung Hima in Ri Bhoi district.
One of the most important lessons is that we live in this world to earn righteousness or to earn righteousness.
He said that a transformer is needed to be used separately for shooting meat.
Many of them failed, some passed supplementary, some passed salt, some passed within 60 marks but none passed with distinction.
After that minute, many chances were created but until the end of the scheduled minute, they couldn't achieve their goal, so the match ended 2-1
“The TMC will create those mechanisms to ensure that the target of employing 3 lakh youth in Meghalaya will be achieved in the next five years,” he said.
He said that the request for information through RTI will enable the department to ensure that the projects should be completed.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has called for the cooperation of the market dwellers, shopkeepers in order to eradicate plastic and bring about a clean environment in the village.
The beauty of a song depends on the words of the singer or composer, that is, the poetry or the words of the song.
The body of the deceased was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and handed over to the family members of the deceased. incident did not fall.
Until today, at the time of writing, the owners of newspapers and those who collect advertisement fees, have been going up and down, like fools to get their money from various government departments. .
Wanrihun is a child who has been trained at the Grassroot Center, one of the training centers supported by the Sports Department of TASA and She is a student of Class VII at Tyrsad Higher Secondary School.
“There are those who say that this hat-trick has already ensured that the BJP will win again in 2024...This victory shows that the people do not allow corruption or rule by one party. family," he added.
If this is not done, children may fall into drug addiction and other evil deeds that will lead to future problems.
Speaking to reporters after being sworn in, Bah Synshar, who is also known as the Pope, said that he will work for the development of the constituency and also will speak on issues affecting the constituency. the whole state.
Because it cannot be said that Meghalaya has reached the highest level in terms of education in the country.
Sri Lanka's defense ministry has imposed an immediate curfew and said social media and other forms of public media have been banned.
Basil said that according to the signs, the robbers used tyrnem, shñiah and other tools to break the stone wall of the shop.
JOWAI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to elect Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai as the candidate for the 1st Lok Sabha constituency. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “This action of the BJP-led Assam government is far-reaching and is exactly like an attempt to intimidate and destroy the Christian community as has happened in other countries. In the past few days, there has been an attack on Christians in Mysore where religious leaders have destroyed a church and destroyed a statue of the Lord Jesus.
Former Education Minister Partha Chatterjee, former President of the Primary Education Board and Trinamool Congress MLA Manik Bhattacharya have been arrested so far. They have been found guilty of corruption in the appointment of teachers.
This happened at about 3 pm when the husband of the woman, took out a knife and stabbed her in the neck.
Arunachal, who tied first, scored 120 runs for the loss of five wickets in 50 overs.
On the 13th July 2020, the Waheh Shnong, Bah Kyrsiew Kharbithai and Generous Tariang, Secretary Shnong, were attacked by about 20 people near Sung Valley. to go to Muscat.
This is a scheme for which the government has allocated up to T.4,300 crore.
Two persons including a Khasi youth were shot dead by 5-6 Bangladeshis at Sohbyrthied Pyrkan village near Shella at 2 pm today.
He said that in the past it was still the same and it was still possible to travel for two vehicles, but now it is no longer possible to travel for two vehicles because it has dug a hole.
We would also like to thank you Rangbah, Llongkmie and leaders of various Seiñraij departments, who have sent their condolences to our family.
To eradicate corruption in the country, it must first start with the people but if the people listen and do not send any complaints, the corrupt will continue to eat.
Shillong, July 15: Two teams including Elite XI and Power Grid today won the Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division 2024 tournament organized by the Shillong Cricket Association in collaboration with the Samkhamti in the field of Urkaliar.
At the same time, the Union urges all parents to take care of their children; to bless them according to the pattern set by God the Creator.
In another match, Mukhla Raij beat Niaw Wasa United 4-3 in the tie breaker.
The scientists also found that there are up to 120 species of birds in the survey conducted in the Sohra area.
Participants are also encouraged to send their videos to 94023 93070 from the 11th of this month and the closing date will be by the 10th of June.
Rangdajied United FC became the first club to reach the semifinals of the Shillong Premier League after beating Nangkiew Irat SC 2-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday. SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong.
We understand that many of the leaders of the state are terrible at dreaming, but they lack the ability to achieve them and therefore, they end up in dreams.
Mawkyrwat, June 25: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today confirmed the office bearers of the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit.
The President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Bah Shaniahskhem Dkhar, said that this award is only for the youth of the Kur Dkhar who fall under the Wapung Circle including those from Jalyiah, Khlieh Myntriang, Wapungskur. , Wapungshnong, Pamraphil, Pamrakmai, Mokhep, Yongkaluh, Sohkymphor and Lum Mulieh.
“We used to buy electricity, T.3 crore per day, until now and if this continues for another 100 days we will have to spend up to T.300 crore just to buy electricity to maintain as it is now. , along with the power outage according to the scheduled hour," he added.
According to information received, the people forced their way into the residence of the Union Minister and set fire to the residence.
On the other hand, the Minister encouraged one of the voluntary groups, the Life Spice Cooperation Society, Laskeiñ Village, which runs the farm to produce Shynrai Lakadong. siat, the method of cooking, the method of ah and even the method of packing of Shynrai.
While they were talking, the mother came to the small house to sit down with them.
He said that the government has tried to conduct various programs like yesterday at the State Central Library but it is gratifying that the youth have given the right answer to listen. him.
It is to be recalled that today there was a spread through WhatsApp that people have killed a Himalayan Asiatic Black Bear in a village under Pynursla.
If we neglect the environment, disaster will follow.
God did not punish anyone, not even his angels, when they sinned (and this generation).
Ajima Sangma (Senior Women's Team, 17 wickets), Mrinal Das (U-19 Men's Team, 346 runs), Manish Sharma (U-23 Men's Team, 25 wickets), Shreya Marak , (U-15 Girls' team, 8 wickets), R Ryngkhlem, (U-16 Boys' team, 4 catches, 2 stumpings as  wicketkeeper).
The issues to be discussed by the CCIB include the government's forced land owners to erect border fencing, the RTI response to the NOC of JHADC and other issues.
According to police, two militants were also injured in the firing of the commandos but escaped.
He said the BJP in Manipur has demanded the implementation of the SoO (Suspension of Operations) Ground Rules and violation of these rules will be treated as an act of terrorism.
During the collection of these children's weapons, police found another small door and when they opened this door, they found firearms and explosives.
In a statement, ACHIK did not comment on the Expert Committee, which the state government has decided to review the roster system and state reservation policy.
He also told the village that he has prepared schemes for the construction of roads in Lummawsing, Laitlum and Riattamdong.
“When Ardent the candidate said please vote for me so that I can bring about development, but now that you have been elected you turn around and declare that it is the duty of Bah Prestone, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Kong. Ampareen Lyngdoh to bring about the development of the party in your constituency,” said Bah Tynsong.
This was due to the heavy rainfall that affected most parts of Kochi a month after a fire broke out at a garbage dump in Brahmapuram.
Four regional laboratories were opened in Mohali, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai and three branch office laboratories in Patna, Bangalore and Guwahati.
There is a need for truly intelligent people to carry out this task of khadar administration and to replace them with truly qualified, educated and skilled people.
Shillong, Nailur 26: A group of Village Authorities, landowners and civil society groups have demanded that the government should suspend the survey for the erection of shiah signs on the India-Bangladesh border.
“We are talking about this because there are other ways to generate revenue for the state.
These loans will be allowed to be paid for four years and the loan forgiveness will be for one year, by paying the owner.
The DGP also expressed the desire that commercial vehicle drivers should wear uniforms in Shillong.
When the Garo and Khasi people living in the area saw this, the Garo and Khasi people living in the area were angry and the reason for their anger was after some of the leaders from Assam who It does not include the land that remains in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Roipar Kharrasswai said, “They have been giving time to the High Level Committee set up by the government for two months. and on the part of the Government instead of solving the problems we are facing, they are fighting between the GVK and the Government, the Government cannot interfere in this problem.
2022 has been the wettest year in the state.
Shillong, March 24: The FKJGP Nongmensong Circle on Tuesday confirmed the new office bearers of the FKJGP Nongmensong Circle as part of its efforts to strengthen the work of the FKJGP Nongmensong Circle. to mark the 34th death anniversary of Wickclife Syiem.
How much the world has received wrong information about us.
“The intention of the KHADC to investigate the problems of the people in the two constituencies of South West Khasi Hills District is not yet necessary to discuss,” said Bah Kit. The development works in any constituency remain the same.
The tournament, which was held on Sunday, November 24, 2023, was organized with the assistance of the Indian Boxing Council (IBC). wrestlers from all over India in their respective weight divisions.
The perpetrators had done this at night and collected the fish and when he went to this place he found some dead fish.
They also traveled to Dhaka and Calcutta.
In India, the complaint is supported by the Public Interest Disclosure and Protection of Information (PIDPI).
So far, 14.8 lakh people have recovered from the disease and the death toll has risen to 43,379, while the death toll has risen to
In the presence of the current and former office bearers of the Seng Samlaki, the youth of the Shnong also performed the theme song of the Seng which was composed 20 years ago.
Jowai, Nailar 07: Khliehïongriang today qualified for the final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2 (WJDSA) today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
In Dkhar and Western countries, they are planted in lines or rows that are very long from the beginning to the end of the field.
At that time, the opposition MDC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, stood up from his seat and demanded that the CEM should clarify the names of those MDCs. “If I am wrong, I am ready to apologize,” said Mansturdy Nongrem, “Yes, you have to apologize. if you don't ask for forgiveness, I won't.
Also present on the occasion were KHADC Chairman Lamphrang Blah, Executive Member Victor Ranee, Lyngdoh, Minister of Mawphlang Hima, officials from the Tourism Department and others.
The Indian National Congress, which won 20 MLAs in the 2018 elections, will now contest the 2023 elections without an MLA. Rambrai-Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope, who is the wife of Kimfa, has opened the way for these two MLAs to join the NPP. and to contest the 2023 elections from this party.
According to the Bible, on the day of Pentecost various people gathered in Jerusalem witnessed flames spreading and touching each one and they were all filled with the Holy Spirit (Acts 2:2-2 3).
Khliehmyndtu scored the first goal in the 31st minute through Monlang Kyndait after being beaten by three goals.
The Waheh Shnong, however, under this Act, shall look after and judge only the affairs of the Shnong.
Of course we understand how much it puts families in trouble who have lived mostly on their salaries as teachers, especially if their parents are also teachers, but the government should take action and think about it. to him.
According to the Government of India, the price of one meter does not exceed 1500/- Tyngka.
Swapnil Bhattacharyya, from Shillong, has passed the Civil Service Examination (CSE) 2022 conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). .
What is surprising is how the state government can create jobs and employ up to 5 lakh youth when only 8,000 vacancies and existing jobs have not been filled by the state government. which still remain empty.
Long free and free; stand up, lest ye be able to receive my answer.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on 16th October burnt a copy of the Citizenship Amendment Rules 2024 as a sign of protest against the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Rules in the North East.
The union through this statement also informed the DC that the DC's office should search for those people who have already had contact with this foreigner and the DC's office should stop immediately. Carpass permits should be issued to foreigners coming to EJH as well as VIPs and central government employees in East Jaintia Hills. good in the neighboring state of Assam.
Ankita Sharma, who scored 26 runs and one wicket in the first innings, was named Player of the Match.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Monday said that the government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of various districts to complete all the relief measures to the cyclone victims within 24 to 48 hours. .
Referring to the Congress party which has been involved in overthrowing governments in the states, Modi said, “The Congress has used synrop groups to overthrow governments in the 1990s.
The Minister urged the citizens of the state to come forward in this important mission to ensure that Ayushman Bhav and Sewa Pakhwada reach every household and rural areas of the state.
The closing date for submission of applications will be on 20th June 2016 at 4 pm.
Mawkyrwat, June 04: Nongbri Brothers FC have now reached the final of the Mawlangwir Community Football Shield 2022-23 by beating Azriel SC SC (4-2) in the semi-finals of the Mawlangwir Community Football Shield. The second final of the tournament will be held on the 04th June
In 2021 alone, 21 lives were lost due to accidents.
It is not right to send them to vote because if the Assam authorities do, it is the people who will become longknia.
Peter told the man that it was not for this but that he was happy that he had been able to help those who really needed it.
Jesus said, “I have come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.” Merry Christmas and New Year to you all.
In the midst of heavy rain and darkness, upon arrival at the scene at 11 am, the residents of Mawsynram village, both men and women, were waiting on the road to enter the village. The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, who came down from Shillong to hold a sacrifice at the crematorium, has not received any information. on this.
The Guinness Book of World Records has not yet announced whether Jimmy won or lost.
Eighteen BSF Chiefs attended the meeting led by Shri PK Dubey, IG BSF, Meghalaya Ftr. IG, Mizoram, Cachar Ftr and other army chiefs.
“It is our duty to ensure that we protect at all costs the freedom and uniqueness of this great country so that democracy can survive from generation to generation,” he said. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the AITC Legislative Party and Leader of the Opposition, in an interview with the media on Thursday.
Recently, they said that the KHADC authorities, together with the Rangbah Shnongs, have inspected the company which produces the eit syiar, but until now the company continues to produce the eit syiar. chicken egg waste that posed a health hazard.
The decision will be taken after the party holds a meeting,” said Bah Metbah.
They have threatened to shoot dead if the relatives do not pay the money demanded.
The Joint Secretaries include Ryngkat Lyndem, Sunshine Makri, Anvil Lyngdoh and Tirot Singh Suchiang.
Shillong: There have been 109 new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing the total number of cases to 1,2
The meeting was even more interesting when Santa's son was present.
Not only those who are illiterate but those whose parents cannot support them in their studies, when they go abroad, they are like books without talai.
Police have already registered a new case and have launched an investigation to arrest other robbers involved in the crime. and also for the rescue of other children who were trapped in the incident.
They said that the Executive Committee meeting has expressed its concern and on behalf of the residents of Shilliang Umkhen area which includes 15 villages from Nongrah, Mawlynrei, Umpling. , Mawpat to Diengpasoh, Nonghali and Mynriang, would like to remind and express the same position expressed at the public hearing held at Umsawli on 03.09.2013 that they oppose the government's plan to implementation of this Project.
It is just a head without any power.
What a loss for them and their family.
To date, NEEPCO has already implemented three Thermal Power Projects in the North East; two in Tripura and one in Assam.
The MLA also thanked the sports department especially Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports who has allocated Rs 25 lakh for the trip of these 11 wrestlers.
“As the residents and family members, we don't understand this because the Government has promised only in words but has not given in writing.
In the same night, while they were sitting, the mother, the father, the son, and the brother-in-law suddenly came to the house with a sword.
However, we don't expect that to happen because the NPP doesn't want the Liang Pyrshah to be strong.
Doctors in Iraq, who discovered the incident, said the baby was the first in the world to be born with three male organs and was born three months ago. and doctors call this three-bird triphallia.
The government should exempt those poor families from punishment because it is not their fault.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 6,73,165, 2,44,814 are still undergoing treatment, 4,09,083 have recovered and 19,268 have died. This is the news of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
All 29 vehicles were in the hands of Bah Iangrai at that time.
We ask Rahul Gandhi to explain in what way the character, history, way of life of the people of Meghalaya has been attacked, the state BJP can explain what it has done since the beginning in various ways. Through various morchas of the party how it can help the society and the development of the people of Meghalaya, it is not that we shake hands with the party congress which has ruled our country for 40 years, the state The BJP also said that the party office bearers are many among the indigenous people of the country, in different districts from urban to rural areas they are increasing day by day, the question is whether we as a party BJP, if we destroy the lifestyle of the people of Meghalaya, how can the people from the city and the countryside of Meghalaya come to join our party? The day is not the leader of the Congress.
The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of AP Syiem, District Sports Officer, Khroobok Passah. , the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, Marjan Shnongs and others who were invited.
Senegal scored the first goal from the penalty spot after Ismaila Sarr scored the first goal of the match against Ecuador before the end of the first half. 44 minutes.
Jowai, November 22: Christmas is a special time for Christians to commemorate the incarnation of Jesus Christ.
In the first match of the Cruiser weight 80-86kg, Vishal of Haryana started to show his strength before Jugnoo of Services scored strongly in the final round to win by 5-0 2.
Even now we cannot move forward in trade or education.
D program and I published two papers.
The five-day training on this subject concluded at the North East Regional Institute of Education (NERIE) in Umiam on Tuesday.
It was also suggested to introduce Section 144 CrPC in the most vulnerable areas.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The West Jaintia Hills District Asha Association (WJHDSA) on Tuesday held a rally which started at Tympang Club ground and marched to The rally was held by the ASHA workers of West Jaintia Hills to inform the government about the payment of salaries. T.2000/- tyngka and if counted per day it is only 66 tyngka and this payment of the government is no longer suitable in such times of demand.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said this after the political parties in the state called for a protest from the 2nd of this month to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state to prevent the entry of people to this state which is a threat to the indigenous people.
He said that these magnets are from computer equipment and the seizure of these equipment has put the BSF in trouble because there may be a evil intentions behind it.
This is according to a statement sent by Prof. Don Kupar War, Secretary.
The talent show was judged by Welbon Mynsong who is the tyngshop of Paheh and P.Syngkrem.
Nartiang, Jymmang 11: Even though there are rumors that the voters of Jaintia Hills are very greedy during the elections.
The allegation that I have taken commission is wrong.
Regarding the deadline for the Regional Committees to complete within 45 days, he said that the deadline is 45 days but it may not be possible to complete it because when it is discussed, there may be cases where the same issue has to be discussed. It may take longer to prepare a report from both sides.
However, when the leaders act stingy and unfair especially when the floods reach the door and the leaders have not prepared any protection, the people will not refuse to criticize them.
Meanwhile, ISIS members admitted to the media that their leader was not in the same vehicle as Elefery, while other media reported that the leader he may die or be seriously injured in this accident.
Matthew 24:15.
Furthermore, 31 roads have been built through tunnels, 10 for military use, cable cars or ropeways, as well as health facilities. , schools & colleges and so on.
At the same time, she would like to thank the West Jaintia Adventure Cycling Association (WJACA) and the Meghalaya Adventure Cycling Association (MCA) for giving her the opportunity to take part in Tawang and Meghalaya. Game.
The Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah should not be for one day, should not end on the ribbon cutting day, on the foundation stone laying ceremony and should not be just a trick to win the election, but It should become a fully fledged Civil Sub Division for the benefit and service of the people of the area as a whole.
These SSA teachers are also very similar to the Adhoc teachers as they have received the same salary without decrease or increase for many years.
In the middle of the explanation, Bah Ronnie tied the table because of his concern about the EM's testimony and threatened to take other measures if he does not retract his statement on the allegation of extortion.
By following this method, the woman was able to forget all those problems.
KHNAM has also strongly opposed the Leshka Project which the government has spent hundreds of crores of rupees to generate electricity in the state.
The trick is to choose a child who is intelligent and hopeful so that we don't waste money and time,” said Larisa.
Trinamool Congress Meghalaya Leader, Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has said that there will always be a shift from one political party to another.
Regarding this allegation, the NPP leaders said that on 05-12-2022, Bah Plielad Tiewsoh was suspended for 6 months from all rank and file. of the NPP and we want him to answer to the people why he has been suspended even after 7 months of joining the NPP? On the other hand, we don't want to suspend him but we respect his dignity and we didn't give it to the media.
It is true that since the demand for the eviction of the Harijans from Mawlong Market has been taken by the government, a resolution on the demand for the implementation of the ILP has been passed in the Legislative Assembly and sent to the Legislative Assembly. Delhi but as this work is in the hands of those from Delhi, it has stopped despite attempts to follow up from time to time.
He said that just because the Mazdoor Union has threatened to stop the supply of petrol to the state, the Minister of State has to meet them and this is wrong. The union urges the government not to take action on such threats but should take action on the demand of the union since 2015 to implement the Petroleum Depot for the benefit of the people. If there are such suspensions in the supply of oil into Meghalaya because Meghalaya is the only state which does not have an oil refinery and it is time for the state government to take action to implement this demand. Not to rely on foreign countries besides the shortage of petrol for the benefit of the people of the state as a whole.
According to the complaint, the KSU-Saiden said that it has found that the shyiap mining in Wah Iewsier is in violation of Section 2 of the MMDR Act, 1975 before the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
In the name of King Tirot Singh and King Nangbah, Greetings.
On Tuesday, more than 350 supporters from various political parties joined the Congress party in North Shillong to give their full support to the party candidate Bah JA Lyngdoh. The MLA elections will be held on the 27th of this month.
“What will we do with our wealth at the end, when we die from this earth we have to go empty, it doesn't matter but we have to have the will to help,” he said.
However, Don't Burom in every job.
The new president of the NPP, who is also the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was honored at a function held at the party office in the presence of leaders and staff of the party. party.
“NESO urges all the citizens of Manipur not to believe and spread false news or any information that will further deteriorate the current situation,” said the leaders. NESO.“NESO is shocked and surprised by the silence of the Prime Minister on the incident in Manipur.
Bah Rumnong said that although the forces of nature have disrupted the celebration and the dance, things went smoothly and the dancers completed the dance of thanksgiving to God. Thank you for the blessings that he has bestowed upon mankind in the past year and at the same time to thank him and pray to him that he will make the coming year a fruitful one. and which runs smoothly in all directions.
Consequently, concrete solutions emerge from these discussions that bring benefits to the region and the country and this is a model for other zones.
Barben forests with trees can be seen on the higher hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Bishop of Mary Immaculate Conception Church, Parish Mawkyndeng on Sunday witnessed the consecration of Deacon Kitbok Tyngkan as Priest of the Salesian Conference of Don Bosco (SDB). Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar who was the Chief Guest at the ceremony.
Christians have become idolaters and children of wild beasts, sin has spread more and more in Meghalaya.
He said that when they visited these three parking lots, they found that there were about 90 foreign drivers but none of them had a license from the District Council.
She said that she came into politics because she saw the backwardness of the area where the MLAs who have already won have not been able to bring about the needs of the people. Choose this party to help the people of your constituency.
This same message is still alive and speaking to us in the country and the nation because of the word that God speaks.
“We are deeply saddened by the incident of murder of a young woman in Umlyngka, and other crimes.
In the 43rd minute, Lency Swer scored the second goal for Mulait and in the 66th minute, Lency scored the third goal for Mulait. his.
“We must look after the diseases brought by foreigners to attack the nation but we must not forget the diseases that come from here in our Bri Hynniewtrep which are the crown,” said Donald. .
Before the start of the tournament, the organizers will meet with the press on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai at 2 pm.
“We don't have weapons to destroy, but it is our right to demand the implementation of the law to protect our minority, our demand is in accordance with the Constitution of India,” he said. a statement that 'it is the responsibility and duty of the sworn government'
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that during the investigation, it was found that the cause of the incident was the It is suspected that Raju Rajbhar tied Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh with a lyntang from the neck of the head until he was seriously injured and died.
The Minister said that an EOI or expression of interest has been invited for the medical college in Shillong to meet the requirements and the government has set a target to complete it by
Both the teams fought for the victory and to reach the final but until the 51st minute Laitlyting Lyngkyrdem scored the first goal. Iewduh SC, although they fought as hard as they could, Laitlyting Lyngkyrdem blocked them until the end of the minute.
The song was sung by Khasi singers including Phira Dohtdong, Wenzy and Pynskhem Dohtdong.
He also urged the women to work with love and not to have a spirit of bishni or iashrut because all these reasons cause division, but as women Under the umbrella of Kper Sara VO as a name, they should be able to dress in the right way and to produce the fruits of success in whatever they do.
Answering additional questions, James PK Sangma said that MeECL has to pay up to T.10.65 crore per month for the interest and besides this, MePDCL has other payments.
“We have lost about 1,93,373 people between 16th June and 7th July.
Referring to the funds that the state government has not yet released to the Council, the CEM said that the EC has sent a letter to the state government to release the outstanding fund from the Ministry of Finance before the elections. will work hard to implement development schemes.
This will look into which parts of Shillong need to be installed, built or improved.
Guwahati: At least 45 people have died of Japanese encephalitis in Assam and others are undergoing treatment across the state, government officials said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the turning of the people to the ethnic parties will turn the tide in the election of the Lok Sabha Leaders for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Two persons have committed suicide in two places in West Jaintia Hills District.
For example, Sikkim is ruled by the National Party and the state depends only on tourism where nearly 40 percent of the state's income comes from tourism.
He also urged the staff of the blood bank to inform others on the need for blood donation from school children, students and the residents as well.
The party is ready to cooperate with the government if necessary in any area for the welfare and safety of the people.
Earlier, a short meeting was conducted by Shape Pasweth, Member of SIM, Kyllimot Lhuid prayed and Sienmitre Sumer gave a greeting speech. Taiwanyoo War, District Soil Conservation Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, who donated these trees.
Shillong, Iaiong 8: A strong thunderstorm along with cold weather has struck Ri-Bhoi district today in five villages under Umsning C&RD. Blocks were badly affected.
Regarding the revenue collection of the state government, he said that the revenue collection has decreased in the last two months but there is hope that in the next two months it will start to increase again as many revenues have been opened. from jobs in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO), Kong. Agnes Kharshiing was released on bail from the court on Saturday.
The Mutong Tourism Promotion and Environment Protection Society (MUTP) in the second session organized the festival which started at the meeting of Helping Phawa, Rangbah Shnong of Mutong together with the office of the Deputy Commissioner Mahamsingh Lhuid. period.
It is the death of Jesus on the cross that has saved all people from their sins, saves you, saves me, saves all those who believe, and the unbelievers have already been defeated.
“Without the support of the state government, the railway line cannot reach Meghalaya.
If those who burn are found, if they are arrested, they will destroy these people.
Regarding the resumption of the school sports tournament in Ri Bhoi, Bah Bobby L.Nongbet, urged those schools which should have participated to come and participate at the same venue. , on these dates when the lympung will start.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The State Government has allocated T.5 crore for the implementation of the Skill Development Program with the aim of providing employment to 2000 unemployed youth across the state. .
“I said I earned Rs.500 a day during the good market.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, expressed his deep sorrow over the government's neglect and non-implementation of the Dipu at Mawsmai village, which was built and spent tens of crores, but now pat you have been a long time.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: U DP Chief Leader Bindo M Lanong, in a statement today, said that he was shocked when the BJP leaders in Meghalaya, threatened to arrest and lodge a complaint with the police. He said that the illegal activities of the BJP include the intimidation, torture, arrest and imprisonment of people who eat, sell and Beef trade all over the country, such as Maharashtra, Kashmir, UP and elsewhere, which can also reach here.
He said that he lodged an FIR with the police and when he reached the police station, he phoned the Company Commander BSF, 4th BN BSF, BOP Muktapur and the Incharge Muktapur Police Outpost. I don't have a car and a permit.
On this occasion, Achievement Awards were distributed to the students of the village who came in the First Division in SSLC / HSSLC and other examinations.
Finally, it does not mean that if I join the National Parties from abroad, I will lose my Khasi identity and forget that I am a Khasi.
Because of the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to ensure responsible production and consumption, there has been a close monitoring of food waste.
Bindo said that in this small state there is no problem in using ballot papers because it does not take time to read them unlike in other states.
There have been 1,027 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,72,0
Earlier, 59 of these apps were blocked and later, 49 apps were blocked again.
The new vote will be held on 24th March
There were 359 voters.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member of the Council, Bah Titos W Chyne said, “At present, the Council is preparing to introduce the Bill in the next session. we have brought it up in the past.
The party also intends to contest the MP elections next year by nominating Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon as its candidate.
When thinking about this issue, the MDA Govt.
At the same time, he warned that such people who commit such acts will be punished according to the rules of law.
On the other hand, the President of the Society said that he expects and hopes that the state government will comply and respect the order of the High Court without wasting or wasting the money.
Perhaps with the victory of this tournament, Rangdajied will be able to move up after being run ners-up in 2019 against Lajong, but for now this team This is the first time that the MSL has qualified twice for the final of the tournament. from all districts of the state in the matches in their respective areas, where like the games in Tura, the people from West Khasi Hills came to support their respective clubs from their areas.
However, according to the investigation, the police did not find anything about the involvement of the robbers.
Prof. PS Shukla, Vice Chancellor, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong was also present as the Chief Guest along with Prof G. Panda, Director of National Institute of Technology, Shillong as the Chief Guest.
In addition, programs related to hygiene and health have been launched through various programs such as Yoga, AYUSH, Fit India.
Regarding the students, Bah Mayralborn urged that as teachers are the second parents, the students should learn to respect their teachers who teach them.
They are five civilians from East Khasi Hills, one soldier and two civilians from South Garo Hills.
Other speakers included Rgh Donkupar Dkhar President Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Bantei S.Rumnong son of Rgh Maham Singh. The meeting was led by the President of the Khasi Riwar Mihngi and Phililda Nongsteng.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he bought the vehicle from his salary, and the reason why he bought the vehicle was after that the residents of the village, have faced difficulties in throwing garbage in the wrong place, due to the lack of garbage trucks to carry garbage from households, because as it is now, In Nongpoh, there is only one garbage truck which is a truck and it is difficult to enter the villages.
He may have a brief understanding of the agenda.
It is to be recalled that recently, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, together with several civil society groups, conducted an inspection of the areas along the NH-6 for the construction of the NH-6 the Entry & Exit point.
People's leaders from legislators and others should come forward to give their opinions and demand from the government through the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma to do something for the people of the state who have faced many problems, in many ways. to help rebuild the income of many churches, not only the day labourers, but also other entrepreneurs working in various jobs who have lost their jobs and those who They have suffered from the ban on their work.
“Until now we have not taken a decision whether to attend the meeting or not, we have not decided whether to attend the meeting or not,” said the President of the KSU. .
Regarding the assistance received from the Central Government, the CEM said that in the year 2023-2024, the Council has been able to implement up to 363 schemes/projects through Tied and Untied Grant including drinking water tanks, water tanks, water tanks, check dams, fish ponds, solar street lights, schools, community halls, public toilets, playgrounds, footpaths, toilets, ambulances and others in different parts of Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, on my part, I would like to thank all those who have taken part in such difficult times to help each other and especially the doctors, nurses, soldiers, police, leaders and so on. to DC.Respectfully,.
The NPP's opposition to the CAB shows this.
For those groups who wish to participate, the FKJGP leaders said that the Entry Forms have been posted in each district, in East Khasi Hills they can be obtained from the Uncle Shop at Police. Bazar, ha West Khasi Hills and Brideside Restaurant, Upper New Nongstoin, and south West Khasi Hills and Bonik K.Syiemiong, Jakrem, and West Jaintia Hills and Delmanz Computer Café, Merusa Building, Iawmusiang, Jowai, Umsning and Ruvan Enterprise, 2nd Floor , Umsning Shopping Market, but for more information please call 9863185250 and
In South Garo Hills, 5 cases in South West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 3 cases in Dhar Company.
He said that after the union leaders explained, all the landowners agreed and welcomed if the government would build a road to reach Lang-dongdai.
This is also one of the ways to provide for everyone in every need.
Police have charged the three suspects under the NDPS Act in the presence of a witness.
The change of party and the change of color of the Public Servants or MLAs in Meghalaya has been famous.
It is also surprising that until now, the State Government has not recognized or used the online news portals, which have been recognized by the Department of Information and Public Relations, Meghalaya, Shillong, which have been read by thousands of people. people around the world and perhaps, who need the information of the State Government at this time and who do not receive it at all, through the newspapers.
The purpose of the Commission's hearing is to ease the burden of plaintiffs and defendants to appear in their cases from Garo Hills to Shillong, which affects the their cost of living.
Later, the Assam police released the three, but Purno was not released at all, as he had other cases at Boko Police Station with the Assam Police. .
“At that time it became clear that the people of Meghalaya do not accept the TMC because it is a foreign party,” she said.
R.B., – Report of the Eastern Frontier of British India).
Meanwhile, in the case of lawsuits between traders and owners, from Jaintia Hills alone, it is estimated that it will reach T.5 crore and in the last five years, only the money has reached the authorities. One Muktiar, who is in the Supreme Court, has charged T.5 lakh for a single appearance in the Supreme Court. bit lei, the head costs up to T.10 lakh once a week.
“Will it be appropriate to close the festival, if in the same way it is appropriate to close down cinema halls, restaurants, and close down any charitable activities that the public goes to on Sunday, and send men into the synagogue?”, asked Bah Paul to those who opposed.
The objective of the training program is to encourage entrepreneurs especially SHGs to start businesses and stand on their own feet to support their families and especially the women in the groups. About 70 women from various SHGs have received Aide et Action certificates after completing the training programme.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, said that the Pick Up (ML04A-9019) was carrying more than 42 passengers in the small vehicle alone. tragic event.
In the 21st minute, Rangdajied scored another goal through Chanmetre Thma to win the match.
Pyniaid said that in the past years, there has been misuse of Professional Tax funds and PN Syiem has sent a letter to the Secretary Welljune saying, “Repay immediately”. The CID and the council are under investigation for 10 months. The CID has received a letter from the DSP of the CID. “We request the government through the CID department to proceed with this case and to chargesheet and punish the people involved in this case. “It has affected the council as a whole and the employees of the council can lose their salaries just because of the presence of such people in the council,” said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Speaking as the chief guest, Radha Mohan Singh, Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, expressed his delight after the inauguration of the Central The foundation stone of the Central Agriculture University, which will be built soon, was also laid at Kyrdem Kulai, Ri-Bhoi District.
Pala said he has already sent a letter to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to release Meghalaya from the UCC especially those in the 6th Schedule.
Collin Wanñiang King Wickliffe, it is said, in his last days, uttered words that can be translated as follows: “It is the death of the Khasi people in the struggle with other peoples. Father around us.
It is therefore important for parents to protect and teach their children to avoid child marriage.
Shillong, Nailur 22 : The San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (SSYWO) on Friday concluded the 1st SSYWO Free Inter School Knock Out Football Tournament 2022 at the Football Ground. of the village of Marbaniang.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today said in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, that Mukroh village is located in Meghalaya.
He also said that he lost two elections because of the counting of victories.
Himanta Biswa Sharma has been forced by senior BJP leaders to conduct the project.
The incident occurred at 8:30 pm on Sunday.
Some of those who had already been thrown were sent back into the truck.
In addition, this oil also retains moisture in babies’ skin, making it soft and supple.
The incident occurred while a Jirga was being held at Hujra, a men's residence at the home of the Minister of Home Affairs in Shadi. Khan of Attock District.
Tourists who visit Mawphanlur can enjoy themselves by riding, there are siej bridges to walk from one side to the other, there are beautiful restaurants on the top of the hill, and there are also houses prepared for those who wish to stay.
There will be 16 teams competing in this year's tournament and China has now been placed in Group A along with Denmark. , Singapore and Egypt.
How to implement this Act :- This Act speaks and clearly states how to implement it.
“When the people have entrusted their power as a leader, it is not the right way to get the people to take to the streets but to use their power properly to advocate in the right place. “I have done the right thing and I don't need to blame myself,” he said.
HELP TO CARE FOR THE EYES:— Coriander or dhania is rich in antioxidants, minerals, Vitamin A and Vitamin C. you are right in front of me.
On the other hand, it was learned that the government will send back the proposal to the Governor to introduce the Administrator Rule (AR) in the KHADC as it has been in turmoil so far.
She said that the visit from China is important for the state to learn many things related to agriculture and added that the state relies on other states to import foodstuffs such as makhon. , milk, and other foods made from milk.
Nongpoh, Naitung 07: The Executive Committee of the UDP Umsning Circle today decided to strengthen the party and along with other decisions to demand from the government for the jobs. Umsning Constituency.
The leaders of these four organizations were also encouraged to hold this rally in the presence of their leading leaders including Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, Bah Marcus. Marten, President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah PP Kylla, Finance Secretary of the RBYF Sengkmie, and also included Bah CB Syiem, Principals and students of Alpha English Higher Secondary School and Ri Bhoi College.
Jowai, Lber 10: The House of Representatives of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday approved the amendment to the JHADC Rules, Bills
“We have made it clear to the DC that while Meghalaya does not have enough laws to protect us, we will not allow the construction of the railway line,” said the KSU leader. The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has requested all the citizens who have registered for the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) or Smart Card of East Khasi Hills District to link their Aadhaar Number with the MHIS Card.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Meghalaya government today signed a memorandum of understanding with the National Insurance Company Limited for the implementation of the MHIS Phase 5 and the Prime Minister's Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY). in Shillong.
Sikkim scored 126 runs while Aryan scored 5/35 for Meghalaya.
Former MDC of the area, who is also one of the leaders of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, Bah Helping Phawa, who was also present on the occasion, told a short story about the khhlawai. and he went up to the hill of Jaintia Hills, and came to Woh Tep Kyndait.
This warning is to inform the public in advance so that they can think if this heavy rainfall will happen in the next three days.
“The AITC can lure our people with promises of financial assistance, impossible job promises and tell them to vote for Mamata Banerjee, but not a single person will Did you know that Mamata Banerjee lost in West Bengal and has to wait for the mid-term elections to be re-elected? If the people of West Bengal and its constituency do not vote for her, who will vote for her in Meghalaya, Tripura and other states,” he said.
Sna has started her own business with the encouragement of the MDA Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma through the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion. .
In the second half, Mawkohphet SC scored two more goals through Shenstarland Kharwanniang in the 60th minute and Sunshine Iawphniaw in the 68th minute. Silvester Syiemlieh scored the third goal in the 63rd minute.
The state has been able to generate only 380 MW of electricity and the state has been experiencing power outages for 8-10 hours for more than two months due to the shortage of electricity due to the lack of slap.
In another raid, the BSF of Meghalaya seized several illegal goods worth T.28 lakh with the intention of smuggling to Bangladesh. .
SURL, through its Instagram page, has announced that the group will no longer perform at the festival due to some reasons which have delayed their preparations to participate in the festival. It is a time when the people of India have various celebrations and government holidays.
Other incidents include the killing of Fullmon Dhar, Balsa Marak, 18, of Tura and Witson Sangma.
“And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you”.
Shiwat said that this is not the responsibility of the District Council and it is the responsibility of the state government, but as the Council will strive to work hard to provide all the necessary documents of the villages. , border areas and Elaka for the purpose of giving ti to the government for the necessary action as Meghalaya in the coming years has reached its 49th anniversary of independence.
Meghalaya, which is in Group-B, will face Kerala, West Bengal and Jammu and Kashmir.
If there are any words or writings that affect you as a Sports Minister please don't ignore them, in the public service there are many sweet and sweet voices, we remember the words “IM KA KYRTENG SAH KA NAM "There are cases when the people have risen against the Iinglieh Iingsaw and the Nongbat Lakam, we don't want such things to happen.
“I have informed you that we will have a meeting before the Executive Committee and after the meeting of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA),” said the CEM. According to Bah Teinwel, the reason for the withdrawal of support is that they don't have the support of the UDA. He said that the support of these MDCs will be discussed at the UDA meeting tonight to take a decision.
He volunteered as President of the International Community of the Divine Savior (ICDS-Lay Salvatorians) in India & Sri Lanka of the Indian Mission Vicarage.
“We have 30 lakh residents and Assam has 3 crore, but our expenditure is better and thus we get more money and the estimated expenditure is T.17,000 per salary. I don't have one employee.
The speed limit in urban areas should not exceed 40 km per hour and in school areas should not exceed 20 km per hour.
“We don't have any objection to the weighbridges, but those who are illegal should be removed immediately,” said Balen.
The North Eastern Region of India has been severely affected by this harmful law and in Meghalaya too, it has been implemented 10 km on the border with Assam in Goalpara district, he said.
Referring to the match between Umrit and Langsning in the first half, Umrit FC played against Langsning FC in the first half. Langsning scored six goals in the first half without stopping Langsning.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar praised the ability of the synjuk to organize such tournaments and wished it to continue.
Thongni urged the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Sniawbhalang Dhar not to be left behind as Assam demands or says, but to ensure that not one inch of land is allocated. It is the right of Meghalaya not to be auctioned to the Assam government.
All 30 MDCs have unanimously accepted the motion introduced by me on 27.6.23, to stand firmly against the Government of India's plan to establish this UCC throughout India. other.
In a hearing today, the Kashari High Court ordered the police to submit a report on the progress of the investigation into the FIR lodged against the corrupt recruitment of LP school teachers. In 2009, many government ministers, MLAs, especially the Minister of Education, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, were named in the CBI report. Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, who appeared before the High Court today, replied that the Investigation Officer (IO) who is investigating the case has not yet submitted his report due to the sudden death of u Bah Mariahom Kharkrang. your creation.
According to the report, Nitish Kumar held such meetings with opposition leaders last month.
Traffic will be closed on the Dhankheti-Don Bosco square road from 8.45 pm until the end of the procession.
Trump said he was very disappointed when he received responses from his followers on his tweets.
The team has started competing since July this year.
The Sohra chiefs also said that they came from Sumer (Jaiñtia). The stories say that there were four brothers, Buhsing, Sadiang, Shan and Jah. Sumer (Jaintia), they received refuge from Basan Swer (Basan Khad-ar Village and Khad-ar Blang) and later became the Syiems of Sohra.
The Badminton Association of South West Khasi Hills District today 7th November 2023 has opened its 2023 Badminton Association. The 9th Badminton Championships 2023 was held at the Indoor Stadium in Mawkyrwat where Bah Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor Constituency was the chief guest. but it also frees us from many evil deeds and also brings us a healthy body.
As I have already mentioned, Babu Primrose, to make you feel better about the tungrymbai of the ksew, wrote if I am not mistaken:-“The ksew also went to the market to sell the tungrymbai. which I have done 'jhia' well'' which means I have done well.
“I leave it to the wise decision of the NPP High Command to use me to do my best and I am ready to do whatever the NPP assigns,” he said.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today said that he had invited Dr Donkupar to join the Congress before the 2018 elections, but he refused.
However, she said that she has to go through the District Councils and then to the offices of the state government to get the clearance.
Newcastle United, Arsenal, Brighton, Fulham and Crystal Palace started the new season of the English Premier League (EPL) with victories on Saturday.
They also criticized Bah Shylla for the Marriage Act which he introduced in the District Council when he was CEM. They alleged that Bah Shylla wants that if a Khasi marries a Khasi and if they give jait to them, Their children to the father should not be recognized as Khasi.
The union wants to clarify that this 'Otkilo' affects the income of the farmers and is also an insult to the farmers.
After Pynshngain took over as CEM, the Chairperson of KHADC has allowed all the MDCs to express their congratulations to the new CEM.
The body was handed over to the family members after completing the legal requirements.
Furthermore, it is reported that the influx of foreigners in this area is not less than 100 vehicles a day.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on Thursday said that it is wrong to say that there are three indigenous peoples in the state.
However, after receiving information that Vinod Khanna is not dead, David Kharsati has sent a statement to the media saying that the mistake was due to the spread of news on social media, but Vinod is still in custody. and he blessed him, and prayed that he might be healed.
Pyniaid said that their absence shows that they have now understood that they have been misled by the CEM of KHADC, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
The General Secretary of the HYC said that the Karuna Trust is one of the trusts that the Meghalaya government has entrusted to run 11 PHCs in the state.
When asked by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the Minister said that he could not answer much as there is still an investigation into the shooting death of five people in Mukroh. The government has lodged a complaint against the shooting death of these four persons on 22nd November last year and said that the case has been registered at the Nartiang Police Station.
These too are wrong, because the law does not say that it is not permissible to appoint retired officers.
“However, it has been said by the senior leaders of the party that the Government should not forget that there are still many of our fellow citizens who do not have land just to build the foundation of their houses. may allow them to reside on Government land.
When inquired, Babu Nongsiang said that there are about 3,000 deficit teachers from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary schools across the state.
According to the CEM, through the tied grant which is almost half of the allocation, the Council has to submit proposals to work for the provision of drinking water, sanitation, health and other other.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday demanded that the state government should expedite the investigation into the shooting incident in Mukroh. to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
NIA chief Sanjay Kumar said Mohanbhai Devaliya was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of T.10,000 while Tahir, also known as Kaliya, was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of T.10,0 He was convicted of violating many provisions of the IPC and sentenced to seven years imprisonment and a fine of T.10,0
This can be a blessing not only to the farmers of Meghalaya but to the world as a whole.
“If MLAs or anyone else wants to join the BJP, we welcome them as a party but they should follow the right path of talking to the leaders in the state or with the leaders from Delhi,” he said. Ernest.
Another is that the government should provide employment to the families of the victims.
“We have only relatives and neighbors who come to encourage us,” said Ribayana Khongshut.
He said that during the election campaign we have already understood that the NPP candidate is hiding behind the party and there is no weapon from within to speak for the people.
Furthermore, on this day, there was a Story Telling session for the children of Pre-Primary Schools who participated in the Sam-i-naki Passah. Students of HKSignh Memorial School, Jowai RMSA School, Khimusniang UPS SSA, Jowai RMSA School, Kurimai Memorial UPS SSA, Jowai RMSA School, Kurimai Memorial UPS SSA, Police Public School, Jowai The schools are special in terms of the environment as outlined in the G-20 Agenda.
When they reached the village, the townspeople died.
Break off your righteousness, and be not like the Pharisees; prepare the way of the Lord, and be children of light.
Grace said that earlier the pastors had come to her to talk about the marriage law but they did not give her a written notice and she said that she had told them to bring it in the picture. “I don't know that they went with the CEM, in fact I should have known,” she said.
Michael said that the demand for the implementation of the Share Distribution Act to the sons is also to avoid the insults or robbery of the income of the parents by the kurs.
BSF personnel from Bholaganj, Nongjri, Tynriang, Nongskhen and Shillong Headquarters were also present.
Hehbok Nongkhlaw scored two goals in the 48th minute and Kitborlang Lyndem in the 59th minute.
Both the parties did not disclose the issue behind the meeting between Shinde and Fadnavis and the BJP chief, which took place before the 10th anniversary. The government led by Shinde and Fadnavis in the state.
“I injured my knee in 2017, and in 2018 I was disabled.
As a step to recognize the hard work of the States/UTs in the implementation of these programmes, the department has conducted various competitions, campaigns and surveys.
The state team will play against Tamil Nadu on the 14th of this month.
“Will the traditional religion disappear just because the name has been changed because of the syllabus?” said Fr Thongni.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) NEHU Unit has sent a strong warning to the Associate Professor of the English Literature Department regarding the harassment and discrimination against Khasi students.
He said that even if other robbers were involved, the Sengbhalang would have to be responsible for the damage as it was related to the protests.
It was also explained that a single member cannot hold the post of Chairman, Deputy Chairman or Chief Executive Member or Member of the Executive Committee.
It was founded by Rev. Dr. Francis Edward Clark on 2nd June 1881 at Williston Congregational Church, Portland, USA. Mandana changed.
He said that Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister should understand that the government is not the owner of the land, because it does not own even a little land, but the land belongs to the Hima. and the multitude of the inhabitants that owned them.
The residents have complained about the behavior of the bank especially during this difficult time when the residents have no opportunity to go to work or do business due to the lockdown.
He said he had called a meeting with the KSU, FKJGP and others on the 16th to discuss their opposition to the examination.
Sliang Tourist Spot invites and invites everyone especially those who have never visited this place to come and enjoy the cleanliness of nature.
The deceased was identified as Ashish Agarwal, 24 years old.
The incident happened on the morning of 15th June
The MLA handed over the money to the President of the Longkpa Party, Pormi Lamare and the President of the Samla, Shanmiki Khriam.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 10: The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for the 40 years and above was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
“For now, I have no idea how she (Agatha) works.
Those who can drink milk are only in the urban areas and that is not enough and in the rural areas they are still drinking shasaw, said Dr Sahkhar.
The DCU Additional District Magistrate, Jowai, said that the Governor of Meghalaya has launched an inquiry into the incident. The incident took place on 24th November, 2014 at Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
The four athletes selected to represent the state include Dayoophika Rymbai in the 1600 metres, Wailuti Lyngdoh in the Shot Put, Damang i Lyngdoh in the 160 metres, Ram Shylla in the 1600 Meters and Iohiksan Lyngdo. in the 80metres, and all in the U-16 category.
The people of the country go to those festivals to enjoy themselves in various ways.
It is prohibited to sell or sell injected or forcibly cultivated Soh.
Shillong: The Special Review Committee (SRC) has been set up by the State Government to consider the bill introduced by the Central Government to amend the Sixth Schedule. The meeting was chaired by the Minister in charge of District Councils, James K Sangma.
In this regard, the police warn that the owners of vehicles who allow children under the age of 18 to drive vehicles will be punished under U/S 180 Motor. Vehicle Act, 1988 and imprisonment for three months and a fine of 1000 tyngka.
The report cards were also distributed by Jesubell Ch Marak Block Secretary of the NPP on 3rd June. on the 18th of July.
Our areas are not lowlands but rural areas,” said Dr Ampareen.
The General Secretary of Iongpiah, L Bimee Suwer, said that the village authority has expressed its gratitude to the MDC for donating this hand sanitizer so that the people who walk and stand can wash their hands at such times. They are not affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Earlier, the MLA also thanked the village authorities for their support to the school until it has grown rapidly as it is now.
“I don't believe, father, that Kynsai will be like that,” said the mother with a smile.
“Formalin is a chemical used to preserve any product, so that it does not spoil, and we have found this in the state as well and because it is a matter of life and death for the consumers. Therefore, on the 8th of this month, we have issued this notification to stop the sale of fish in the state”.
Dr. Sashankutlang Khongthohrem State President of ABVP Meghalaya, in his speech said that ABVP is an organization that works for the children and many students have come forward to become its members especially from Jaintia Hills since they are still studying Higher Secondary. , Graduation and other degrees.
The funeral will be held tomorrow Friday and only those close to Mann's family will be present at the funeral at his residence. , as prime minister.
The union said that it will fight in this regard, according to the law enforcement authorities, in what manner the police took the union's ambulance to the police station.
Riquoma Rq Laloo has written many books including Pyrdit, Pure in Pnar, and others.
On the other hand, the union with the support of the MLA has requested the government to listen to the grievances and needs of the people in the area for the sake of the people, he added.
“I don't understand, the CEM of KHADC shouldn't take the final decision, he should have come and talked to the government first. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Prestone.
The court also ordered that at the same time he should complete all the sentences issued against him.
It may be recalled that the Election Commission has banned the carrying of T.50,000 and those who carry more than that will be investigated by the government.
The workshop was conducted by Bah HUB Bang who is also the Media Operator of the Society in the presence of the President, Secretary and members of the Ephphatha Society. member of the village of Lumshken.
This is perhaps the first Black Flag Demonstration to take place in Shillong.
Appealing to the people and political parties to refrain from politicizing this issue, Nujorki said that this is a sad incident in which every citizen of the state has a right to vote. Five people were shot dead in the incident.
In the Under-14 Boys category, Ri Bhoi Mynkem High School beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian High School by 4 goals each.
Please humble yourselves like the women of the INTERNATIONAL WOMEN LIBERATION MOVEMENT who understand the nature of women and who have also received equality with the elders and do not ask questions to their own elders; why does he get a khyllahjait and so on ...... please don't judge us men, judge first your own mistake.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Cultural Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Hammar Singh Kharhmar.
In the midst of such suffering and sorrow, he threw himself into the water and did not jump into the river, but the bih continued to work.
However, there are many other roads inside the crematorium which have not been completed yet in the state.
The acid content of ginger provides benefits for the stomach.
The stolen shops were identified as an SP Store and a wine store.
Any group can appeal to the Supreme Court to demand an amendment to the Reservation Policy based on the number of paid members.
He joined the club in 2021 from Barcelona; the club where he has spent the most time in his life.
Therefore, your access to this PHC will be a great blessing and the time will come when all the residents of this area will be healthy through the help of this health centre. he added.
So far, 21846 samples have been tested, 21223 negative and 20,282 people have returned to the state.
In fact, the parts in Ri-Bhoi area have almost been completed but only the part in Mairang has not been completed yet.
The Secretary, Public Relations of the FSS, Bah RL Sohlya, in a statement, said that the competition will start at 4 pm.
Shillong, March 26 : The Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar today said that the government is waiting for the reply from the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the blueprint that the government has issued. 342 households from Them Iew Mawlong have been handed over to them for the construction of street houses.
They also conducted a Building As Learning Aid (BALA) Programme, in which a group of MSW 2nd Semester students took part in drawing and painting the building of the Anganwadi Center as part of the. as a place to provide information to children.
The shops have set prices according to their wishes, if it is in Thor shi tyngka, the price will rise and all the people will go out on the streets while in our state all the people are sleeping lyngngai.
The search is ongoing for those who have been in contact with the patient, the government said.
Furthermore, it was said that the cut-off of this bridge has caused problems and danger to the residents of this area who used to walk on this bridge.
Three goals were scored by Kerlang Tlang 16', Embor Lamare 23' and 55' respectively.
However, six months have passed and the work has not been completed and it is taking longer.
He also issued an order ban ban the carrying of more than T.50,000 in the district as the ECI feels that there are people who carry a lot of money which can be used to buy voters.
Tel Aviv: Israeli troops said they bombed a Muslim mosque in the West Bank on Sunday.
Ningthouja Lancha from Manipur has been elected as the President and Robertjune Kharjahrin from Meghalaya will be the Secretary General of NEFIP. Nickman Ch Marak was elected as Vice President and Bandari Ryntathiang as Secretary Finance.
Regarding the proposal to divide the constituencies within the District Council, AA Shullai asked for clarification on the proposal to create the District Council Constituency of JHADC and the Delimitation Committee.
Up to 32 players in Single, 32 players in Double and the winners are only residents of Thadlaskeiñ Block Area.
The Lyngngam said, “If you can really kill the rakot, come and stay with us in our house, you and your wife, and we will feed you both.
The first leg of the semifinals was played on Saturday.
This road is the road connecting Mawpyrhut village which is only 2 km from the National Highway at Umran to Mawpyrhut village.
About 17 of the 49 students at Sudurpaschim University are students of Kibbutz Alumim, in southern Israel.
As Christians, we must know that this giving and receiving of money to buy and sell our votes is not only illegal, but also forbidden by Christian teachings and beliefs.
Before the meeting, there was a march which started from Dong ïurim and continued along the road until it reached the venue of the meeting at Mynsngat Market.
However, he said that the VPP has always said that politics is a sacred work which has been ordered by God and as a person who wants to bring about a clean rule of law, it is necessary to lay the foundation. “Is it to teach people to turn from evil to good, is it a misleading preaching, is it to teach people to live a good life? Dr. Syngkon, said the VPP candidate, expressed his concern over the backwardness of the state, even after 52 years of independence and the public suffers from lack of access to adequate health facilities, the youth suffers from lack of adequate educational facilities.
Lack of physical activity : Lack of physical activity and sedentary behavior can affect the body's ability to break down waste.
This was announced by Alexander L Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and MLA of Golflink constituency.
According to him, through such a notification, it is clear that the government wants to succeed in the illegal mining.
The ambulance was driven by Saley Ahmed, 22, and inside the ambulance, seven others who accompanied the patient sustained similar injuries.
If it is found that there is a defect in the cleanliness then the contractor may be penalized.
The HNLC said that according to the complaint of the people in the area, they have been demanded money from the Karbi rebel groups. Instead of attacking the Assam government, they are attacking the people of this state.
The FSS has also launched the 'Mrs Shillong' and 'Miss Supermom' contests as part of the efforts to encourage self-sufficient women.
Shillong: Foreign nationals will be exempt from income tax only if they work and earn income from their own state but if they go abroad or work abroad they will have to pay income tax.
Defensive women don’t have a happy home.4.4.
Therefore, he urged the people living on the border to protect their own border and to improve their agricultural activities, so that Assam will not dare to cross the border to Assam. Meghalaya.
Among these Khasi Prime Ministers, none of them has been able to hold the government for three years but they have failed temporarily.
According to the complaint, it has agreed to pay the EMI (Equated Monthly Installment) of the students until they get employed.
However, it is important to make sure that you make this drink yourself at home to ensure that there is enough sugar and flour.
They treat them like slaves and no one can help them, whether they are MLAs or MDCs.
“Praise is Proclaiming what God has done and worship is proclaiming who God is”.
Iawmulong SC have won the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy, 2nd Division by beating Panaliar SC 1-0
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) leader Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the MDA government will continue to rule the state until
It was suggested that as there are hundreds of non-Khasi raiot across the border of the Hima Mylliem, it was suggested to appoint a chairman of the Sub-Committee instead of the word Nongpynïaid Shnong. be under the jurisdiction of the Shnong Ruler or under the jurisdiction of the Raid Ruler.
Shillong: The Central Government has released T.135 crore for the payment of the remaining salaries of SSA teachers for five months and there are 12481 SSA teachers in the state.
The AITC said the Government's decision to extend the discussions on the Reservation Policy is the best step.
In West Khasi Hills, 26 cases, in Ribhoi District 64 cases, of which 62 cases are civilians, in West Jaintia Hills 22 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 23 cases, in West Garo Hills 195 cases. 191 cases, 29 cases in South West Garo Hills, 28 cases in South Garo Hills, 91 cases in East Garo Hills and 10 cases in North Garo Hills.
According to Prestone, the Sports Department is ready to select the consultants, architects and the CEO of the National Games.
Ten people from Assam, including seven CRP policemen, have tested positive for Covid-19 in Delhi, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam.
He said that every time the party meets with the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, they inform that the Home Ministry is considering these two cases which have been pending with the Central Government. is the ILP and one of the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule.
She said that this hospital is a government hospital for the poor but the behavior of the staff is like a private hospital.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, 8th November 2021, Bah RG Lyngdoh said, “When I saw the situation in the state in all aspects, many people worried about the future so it made them come to talk to me and they all had the same feelings".
The result of the Under-17 Independence Day Cup organized by the WJDSA was that Mulang Ialong, Dulong, Panaliar and Mookyndur won the match held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
He recalled that the project which was earlier allocated T.100 crore has not been completed yet.
“Is this the way the Returning Officer works? Wherever there is a writing above, he leaves it as it is, while when there is a writing above, he erases it.
The reason is the presence of the Forest Check Gate in Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Shillong: U Nalin Kohli, the leader of the BJP in Meghalaya, has denied that there has been an agreement so far with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition coalition to work together in the BJP. the MP elections are coming up.
Indeed, the employees of the Municipal Board have fulfilled their duties as directed by cleaning the roads and collecting the garbage before disposing of it to Marten.
However, it is necessary to look at all the books just for reference, even if it is no longer necessary to open and hold what has been old.
Trisha Shah, Ravi Kumar, Abhishek Giri, Abu, Akash Madhavan and Ali Sehgal have allegedly cheated him of Rs 9 lakh. on the counting of stocks.
The announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma in the past few years to introduce a Water Policy in Meghalaya is a timely surprise for the State Government before the bad year. It will cover the entire State of Meghalaya.
“The incident against the chairman should not have happened.
J Goren Swett, one of the voters of Shella, told this writer that 9-Khahbada village is no longer in the polling station in Sohlab. The residents will no longer be able to vote in the MLA elections 2018, even if they have EPIC photographs, but they cannot verify, because their names are no longer in the polling stations.
Symbols of Thought:- Teaching ourselves first sets an example for others who follow us.
According to a statement issued by the President and General Secretary of the Seng.
The referees decided to call the tie-breaker and it was in the tie-breaker that the RBYF killing unit managed to beat 15 mile by 6-5 goals and won the title. The winner of the tournament received a cash prize of Rs 30,000,000 and a trophy, while the runner-up received a cash prize of Rs 15,000,000 and a trophy.
However, we cannot end there, without singing and eating and drinking, to rejoice in the blessings of Him who prolongs life for the happiness of the community.
In the past few days, BSF troops have shot dead Bangladeshis accused of stealing stone in Wah Amsku and Dawki and in this incident one Bangladeshi has been killed (according to public sources). network).
This road will connect the Khasi Hills and Garo Hills to Assam.
At least 1,800 people were injured in the incident.
Meanwhile, the Principal of St Edmund College, Dr Sylvanus Lamare, said that it is necessary to write down the Khasi customs and traditions as they are only spoken in the language in the society.
It is also said that of all the trees, the Stap tree is the best to grow or improve when planting Shitake mushrooms in Japanese.
From the water to the jhur, the jhep and others.
We strongly condemn this because it has been almost 10 months since we demanded this and two months since we conducted a joint inspection to the area.
Shillong: The State Government is preparing to send a reply to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government which has requested a clear reply on how the State Government feels on 15 issues which aim to bring about change and to included in the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
The only thing that Dimple is worried about is that the salary of the actors is not very high compared to the tyngshops even if they act or take the lead roles in the films.
The staff of AIEF includes the National Chairman, Dr Zavise Rume, Professor, SCERT, Nagaland, Kohima, President of Nagaland Education Association, Kohima and State Convenor and President of Indian School Psychology Association (InSPA) The Deputy Chairman is Rajendra Prasad, Principal, Smart Modern School, Amapalayam, Tirupur, Tamil Nadu and the Chairman of the International Confluence of Educational Excellence, Dr. Harshvardhan Kumar, UNICEF Consultant, Jharkhand and Director of Beni Educational Solution and Technologies Foundation, New Delhi, Secretary of AIEF Professor Lalbiakdiki Hnamte, Department of Education, Mizoram University Aizawl and President Mizoram Educational Foundation, Treasurer of the group Dr. Sandip Ratna, Assistant Professor, State College of Teacher Education Kohima, Nagaland.
The chief guest will be Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Hon'ble Legislative Assembly and Leader of Mawphlang Constituency.
She said that besides health related activities, ASHAs should also work with the community and families.
Shillong: There are 126 cases of coronavirus in the state, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
“The Forest Department should look into the operation of these lyntang factories, whether they comply with the rules and regulations,” said Bah Charles.
Regarding the construction of the Shillong Medical College, the Minister said that she will soon take it up with the Cabinet meeting.
A complaint has been lodged against Bijay Shankar Das, MLA of Tirtol, at Jagatsinghpur Sadar police station, after his husband did not arrive at the Registrar's office on Tuesday to complete the application. to the marriage ceremony.
Nongsiang said the KJDSTA will meet with the Board officials in the coming days to demand that Khasi should be made compulsory MIL.
Three people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1529 and 293 new cases on Tuesday.
In the interest of public welfare and peace and order, an order under Section 144CrPC issued on 11.07.2023 was passed to prohibit the movement of the public or any group in The Deputy Commissioner said that the radius of these illegal coal mining factories is 1 km from the site of these illegal coal mining factories.
If it is not the struggle to become Prime Minister, there are other reasons such as the lack of acceptance of the leader, besides the struggle to become Minister of State.
For the 6th Sohryngkham, 7th Mawkynrew, 8th Nongkrem, 9th Lyngkyrdem and 10th Nongshken, it will be held at the Training Halls (near Dalang Stage), the polling station for the 12th Mawsynram, -Mylliem will be held at Dalang Open Stage Polo Ground, Shillong.
It is true that we Catholics used to climb Mount Sohpet Bneng but we did this for more than a decade and if the Khihlang wants to know why we climb I urge you to read the book of the life and teachings of Father This day was written by Rev. R.Kharkrang.
Regarding the trucks especially the 16-18 shaka shaneng, he said that the union from time to time strongly opposes this and this time too the union will not accept these trucks to carry goods. produced in the District.
Shillong: There have been 111 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said.
“We who have been earning this job for 8-10 years have affected not only our income but our deaths because who else can travel by bus when we are not allowed to earn money to Motphran,” he said. they stated.
Shillong: Shillong received 54.0mm of rainfall, 6.6mm today, 121.6mm rainfall in Sohra today and 10.6mm today. Umiam, yesterday, received 48.7mm, while today, it received 3.4mm.
The statement said that the security forces stopped the vehicles but the driver did not stop and fled to Pyrdiwah village near the Bangladesh border.
Or even if a woman lives alone, she has to find a way and do some work just to feed her children and herself.
Therefore, to meet this demand, the first priority is to have adequate infrastructure.
After this, a meeting was held to remove the doubts on how to cooperate with the Police and to assist in the fight against drugs.
However, even after the Seng has received information that it has received new transformers, MeECL has not been able to fulfill its promise to provide new transformers to Photkroh Village.
Speaking at the programme, Ram Kumar, IAS, expressed his regret that the people are taking TB seriously and not as seriously as Covid-1
From time to time, he said, the village authorities have requested the government to improve the Dawki road from Lad Umsyiem to Jingkieng Wah Umngot. land, but the government does not believe this.
" “We have held a meeting with all the synrop partners.
Bomb explosion in Sniaw chirukom village of Jwai.
Man I Khan Kyndiah scored the goals for Dulong in the 30th minute, Fayian Tariang in the 32nd minute, Arkini Bamon in the 51st minute and Syiemlieh scored in the 53rd minute.
Gagan said that this is a violation of the NGT order and at the same time, it is also a threat to the areas outside the landfill.
Therefore, the Association recommends to the Government to pay the shet ja and jhur fees on the same day of the school fees.
Chief Minister Railways, Government of India; Suresh Angadi has died of Covid-1
In the Under-12 Boys category, Meshwa Syiemlieh of JNV Nongstoin was first, Kyrpang Sangriang second and Raimankupar Jyndiang of Anderson HS School Nongstoin third.
In another match, Madankynsaw beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-0
Both of them were formerly members of the HSPDP but later Morning joined the new political party PDF to contest the 2018 MLA elections.
Peace and stability is important, but in the past few years it has deteriorated severely and affected the income, employment and income of the residents.
I'm looking for Wanda Nong Siej who works at Civil Hospital Nongpoh. If you remember me, please call me on
“As an MLA, I wish and bless all the SHGs in Madan Mawkhar and others to continue to grow in their work,” said Bah Process.
The fight is over.
The reason is that the children who went to school in the city early in the morning left and after school they had to go to tuition and by the time they got home it was five o'clock.
The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong today said that although no date has been set, it is understood that the meeting between Conrad K Sangma and Sarbananda Sonowal may take place in June.
In June 2019, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government issued an order directing the Assam Rifles to move its battalion headquarters to Zokhawsang.
He said that the state is difficult to find government jobs and it is time to turn to its own jobs and it needs to be changed to give shares to the children so that they can get the organization and support. from home and to hold the trade of inheritance.
Shillong, July 23: A soldier of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) has escaped from Tura Hospital.
The Governor took the decision in accordance with clause (b) of Section 53 of the Constitution in force in Jammu and Kashmir.
“I am grateful to the doctors who treated me and who understood the pain and who cooperated as well as the nurses,” said Bah Malngiang.
Fr Richard asked whether the attendance of mass is an obstacle to drawing closer to the Lord.
A group of NPP leaders, including MPs from the state and Manipur, have met with Defense Minister Amit Shah to take immediate action to address the situation in Manipur.
Referring to the demand to increase the number of MDCs in GHADC from 30 to 40, Conrad said the issue has yet to be discussed in the Parliament. “Do you know that this issue will be passed peacefully in the House? How sure are you that if you can't take a decision? “The NPP has always demanded that the elections should be held in GHADC,” said Conrad. At the same time, Conrad said that the NPP has always demanded that the elections should be held in GHADC. The NPP will urge the Governor of Meghalaya to take action to hold the elections in GHADC as soon as possible, as he added that this action of the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma shows that if the GHADC can do whatever they want, even in the 2018 elections they will do this to extend their term of office.
“We need all the people but the BJP cannot fight corruption,” he said.
The JNC has also said that it does not want the railway to reach East Jaintia Hills.
“We have seized nine gold biscuits weighing 117 grams each.
The KSU has alleged that the government has neglected the Narpuh area because MeECL has used condemned equipment and on this occasion the KSU has urged the MeECL to provide all the necessary facilities so that the substation will benefit the people of the area. who has been affected by the electricity shortage.
When we turn to our own state, perhaps the Khasi language is not so poor, not so rich, but we can say that it is in the middle, because its own language is still spoken. and it is written in the book of the law unto this day.
However, the House will allow time for Resolutions, Motions and other matters to be brought by the Members of the Opposition.
They alleged that the NEHU administration has introduced a new rule in which they have allowed those who are new students to get accommodation in hostels and this is against their feelings. student.
Jowai, July 27: The Wahiajer Sport Club will hold its 1st Open Football Tournament 2013 at the Wahiajer Mini Stadium.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, has warned all wholesalers/retailers not to sell overpriced food items such as rice, sugar, dairy, jhur and other food items.
“And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written – Amen” John 21:2 .
Former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has alleged that the departure of Congress MDC and Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, from the Congress party is due to the There is no difference within the party.
