In bed they cover themselves with a blanket, while their mobile phone is ringing, when they wake up in the morning they are ready to leave the house.
Therefore, it is necessary to plant trees in urban and rural areas so that it can preserve water, living things and will also be of great importance to humans and all living things. on this earth.
Caption: Members of VPP Ri Bhoi District today donated blood at the Blood Donation Camp in Nongpoh.
“The allegation of misuse of funds in GHADC has not been since the NPP took over as the Executive Committee.
Shillong, Nailar, 01: The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla has promised to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council after the NEHUSU ) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have sought clarification regarding the opposition of college teachers to the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) from 1st July,
Speaking on the occasion, the ASHAs praised the good work done by the ASHAs especially during the lockdown and the volunteers for the health of the villages. which they have.
It is just a waste of public money.
The 21-year-old, who has played one match as part of the national team candidate for the 2022 Thomas Cup, in his final. now, he has defeated Johannesen 21-15 19-21 21-16 and it is the greatest victory of his life.
When God was so angry, Moses argued with God, and God's anger turned away.
Dilip Kumar Mangar, St. Anthony's HS School, Shillong and also to Miniefer Syiemlieh, KJP Girls' HS School, Shillong who received the Best Scoutmaster and Guide Captain
There is no employment opportunity for the people of this state,” said the CSWO and added that the Meghalaya Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy 2012 clearly shows that the state government believes in the development of foreign factories or companies. the income of the state.
However, the wise and intelligent found that God created man twice.
U Bah Sawkmie u la ong ba if the PWD does not build or fulfill its duty, he will build this road which is very bad which he will use from his MLA scheme for the benefit of the people of the area. , so that they can easily travel.
Working President Kong Idamary Wahlang,
Referring to the speech of the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, he said that he is concerned about the grievances of the farmers and for this reason he has taken action. to attend the meeting at the market.
“We are grateful to the leaders and the party for electing me as MDC from Mairang constituency,” he said.
This could be as much as 75% or 3/4 of 1/3 as it is so far in the case of religious attendance.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 6 cases including 4 high risk cases and 2 screening cases.
It is true that they are afraid because it is surprising that the VPP not only grew rapidly before the last election, but also after the election.
“In the last MLA election, it was surprising that everyone didn't think that not only did it win four MLAs, but it also won many other constituencies,” he said. and Dr. Charlotte.
There are several sub-tribes in North East India.
“Ia baieid...” said Hep. So they left the branch house and set their feet on the hill.
Therefore, any legislation affecting this scheme would have dire consequences.
In the second half, Mawlai didn't score anything when Manbha Ïawphñiaw who came to take the lead without scoring anything scored the ball into the net.
He also urged the Khlieh Nongsynshar Village/Raid and Hima especially the villages with many farmers to take action to set up an Agriculture Committee so that they can talk within the village to be ready in all aspects.
The death toll is in Madhya Pradesh.
Youths from Mawkyrwat area, in the spirit of solidarity, yesterday, left to donate rice to two villages, Mawlar and Mawlieh, South West Khasi Hills District. as part of the efforts to solve the problems of the residents who are facing difficulties during the lockdown due to the spread of COVID -1
Those who still oppose, let them go to court.
Rev. P. Hynniewta, Senior Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly, said that the prayer meeting will be held on the 13th June at 7-9 PM. affected the country and the whole world.
At present, the people are still in confusion and are still carefully considering the political situation in the state and the decision they will take will be taken by the end of 2022 or early
On this occasion, the SSA teachers, men and women, came out with placards to demand that the government should release the salary for more than four months which has been suspended since July this year.
The society looks to the elderly in this age to have peace, prosperity, well-being without discrimination regardless of religion, race or ethnicity. family equality.
Jarnail Singh, one of the most dangerous robbers on bail, was shot dead in Punjab today.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will proceed to relocate the people living in Mawlong Market Area to the areas they have arranged. the first part of that is to take up space.
“Sometimes as leaders we forget about sports and we put more priority on development projects like roads, schools and colleges, water supply, tourism and others. but he believes that in the future the government will turn its attention to sports”.
“This Bill will be a Bill that will bring about effective measures to maintain a clean environment,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 21:The landslide in Borsora SWKH has caused a severe landslide in the roads in the area. which are terrible and can also be dangerous to the people who pass through this road.
“Although there are two existing bridges, the Nar Bridge and the existing bridge, the people are having difficulty in building the bridge because the old bridge is no longer free for public vehicles,” he said. u Samla Everjoy Nongpluh, and added that for the safety of the people in coming and going and not to cause any problems to the people who come and go through this bridge, the state government should immediately build a new bridge. “It will be easier for the people or public vehicles to pass through the bridge,” he added.
According to Bah Nongtnger, in this incident, two people from another ethnic group were shot dead by groups from other ethnic groups.
Because it was said that some of the leaders of different countries have attended the meeting held in Paris in the past few days and all these leaders of different countries have agreed to struggling to stop Israel's war against Gaza.
There are 1,752 confirmed cases and 1,395 deaths.
The training was held at the Indoor Stadium of Mawlai Mawroh, where the number of children from almost all the districts of There are more and more boxing clubs in the state.
The CEM, while presenting the budget, said that the budget of T.46,27,16,190 will be valid from 1st June to 30th July
Earlier private businesses tried to duplicate centers for farmers’ needs and provide services to them but most of these failed.
Once again we would like to add that the Union would not have been able to reach this stage without the support of you brothers and sisters of Ri Khasi Jaintia who are ready to share this heavy responsibility for the sake of to preserve the customs and traditions of the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government and the relevant department should provide a clear statement why the hospital has been relocated since 2018 and in 2019 these equipment has been brought. .
All drivers are requested to cooperate with these new rules to improve the traffic in Jowai.
On this occasion, the Minister said that Bah Hek has been the Minister of Health and Family Welfare for many years and if he is really concerned about this he should have done it from his time.
On the part of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titos Chyne in his speech, he expressed his satisfaction that under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid as Chairman of KHADC, we have been able to create this channel. KHADC and this channel will help not only the KHADC but all the MDCs who want to spread any news.
I hereby inform you that I have decided (1) that these four sacred laws, Tken Tynsong, Lyngdoh Tynsong, Lyngdoh Synkrem and Muker belong to the people of Darrang. neither is it upon them.
Shillong, Lber 24: The office of the Director of Health Services (MI) in Meghalaya has issued a public notice on 22/3/2024 for the information of the public. The Lok Sabha and the Election Commission of India and the Model Code of Conduct have come into force.
At this time, his mother said, “Son, don't trust anyone without seeing with your eyes and without hearing with your ears and be brave.” When Kiang saw that the Dolloi of Jwai District thanked the king. He believed and obeyed the British Government under its leadership, so he stood up to fight against it and went to Jwai to spread the news of this incident to the whole of Ri Khad-Ar Dolloi.
BJP leaders from Tripura in the past few days have announced that the National President of the BJP – JP Nadda will visit the party. Tripura on the 18th of this month to attend a public meeting of the party scheduled to be held at Santirbazar.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is preparing for re-election as MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency in the 2023 MLA election to be held on the 27th of June, has said that he does not want to change his mind. He believes that the works he has done in the past three years have spoken louder than the words of the accusations and this has been witnessed by the people of Mawkynrew. Constituency.
These are just a few examples but many of the government schools in the rural areas are often neglected in this way.
However, this is not enough because it is necessary to work more closely through the authorities in charge of this area so that we can continue to investigate more fully in order to become more complete from all sides until there is no more complaints or complaints. elsewhere.
Police arrested her after the Dorbar Shnong of Mawthir village through the instigation of her brother and sister-in-law lodged a complaint against her.
The teachers have requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of education, Bah Roytre C Laloo since last year to take time to discuss with them on the issues and other issues related to education. .
He said that although he has tried to explain, many of them are not satisfied and are in doubt and said that if the Khasi want to expel them, it is better for them to leave. Assam.
Who is getting richer? And while the environment itself is filled with plastic bags of all kinds and how much pollution.
The ordinance passed by the Cabinet will be submitted to the House, which will be submitted in the form of a bill and will not be approved by the House, as it is now, he said. The Government of Meghalaya on 13th November 2022 has introduced an ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming. ACT 2021, which will allow the establishment of vacant land in the State.
“In fact, it was planned to be held at Student Jaiaw Square, but after many village officials from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills, they complained that it would be difficult to park vehicles due to the lack of space. , it was planned to move to the Polo Ground which is more suitable for the parking lot.
All the check gates from the entry point to the exit point of the State have been fixed and all those are in the midst of payment," the source said.
After a meeting with the Meghalaya Editor Publishers Association (MEPA), Ardent Basaiawmoit said that his speech to MEPA was equal because he explained that his speech to Pynursla should not blame any media, but should explain to the people so that they can get information.
They said that the pollution from these factories has affected the students of schools in these villages like Doranggre UP and LP School, Khymering LP School, Khymering LP School, St. Paul's Dorangngre and Mawbon Agal UP and LP School, as well as the Leleng, Rengjong and Simareng rivers which are also used by the residents of these villages.
The Government's aim for Meghalaya is to become the leading state in the production of rice seeds in the coming years.
He said that the effectiveness of media in rural areas is very low.
I hope that this problem will be resolved soon,” said the PWD Minister. When asked whether there is any penalty for the company implementing this road if it fails to complete within the stipulated time, he said. On the other hand, the Minister said that he cannot say anything on this as the road is under the supervision of the CM.
I have told you the truth.
Pay For Right Football Academy (Women) lost in the quarter final against RAWA by tie breaker at the Umroi Women's Football Tournament held at Umroi Stadium. Football Ground.
(1) to establish special registration centers for persons with disabilities, missing fingers or loss of iris from eyes and others.
Police are investigating into the incident and have taken possession of the bodies to comply with the requirements of the law.
Speeches were also delivered by Ostarnic, Biangbor, Rapborlang and others.
In Group-D, Mawkriah West SC will play against Risa Colony SC at 2 pm, followed by Pommura SC vs. Mawnianglah Youth SC will play at 4 pm at SSA Ground, Polo.
“At the next meeting of the Cabinet, we will introduce the Ordinance,” Conrad told reporters.
All unemployed youth between the ages of 21-40 years and who are citizens of Meghalaya, can register for this scheme.
One of the elders of Nongkrem said, “"
In the four-year follow-up study, 53 of the 321 participants died.
Furthermore, the loss of thousands of byrni of rice without tracing the smuggler and the smuggling of coal without tax to the State budget, are some of the issues that the people have to face. to examine carefully.
Many Union Ministers have visited the state to see the development in the North East, while the discussions have taken place. In these days, it was said that the visit of BJP leaders from Delhi to the state was not to see the development of the state, but to have a close relationship with some of them. politicians within the Congress, whom the BJP is trying to persuade to join it.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya Shri Tathagata Roy took part in a cleanliness drive organized by the Goreto Society, Shillong.
And that English word is heard and considered to be the native name.
The raid today was conducted on all the vehicles passing through the Byrnihat Road and there is a suspicion that some of the authorities are also trying to enter the State; However, at the time of writing, no details have been received.
The SBUK (Seng Biria U Khasi) expresses its deep sorrow on the passing away of Rev.Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, who was a great rishot, who lived to serve his fellow human beings, especially the poor and raitong, and who has also been a supporter and advisor to SBUK in its activities during its youth.
The cyclone has also affected 12 villages in the Nongstoin area including Nongstoin, Nongstoin, Mawkawah, Pyndengrei, New Nongstoin, Siejlieh, Mawiong Lumsyntiew, Tiehsaw, Upper New Nongstoin and Nongstoin. Mauritius.
“I want to say that everything that has happened in the Excise Department is a lie.
According to the State Health Policy 2021, the partial deaths of poor women are of great concern to the Government with 248 deaths in 2020-21 alone.
At the same time, he said that talks between the chief ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will be held soon.
He said the TMC wants to point out that now is the time for Conrad Sangma to declare that he is not the Chief Minister of the state but he is just a fake image from Delhi and Guwahati. .
If we look closely at these things, we can see that from the candidates to the people, they have raised rasong in many districts whether it is on the road or on the road.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Anjelus Sunn, Coach and Trainer of Samla Lapynshai Syiemlieh, said that up to 120 teams from around the world have taken part in the event. The tournament is also the celebration of the 30th anniversary of the International Federation of Mauithai Association.
“What remains now is that the Survey of India will come and inspect and according to the signing of the circular agreement, they will set the boundary and after that, the agreement will be recognized,” he said. he added.
The statement sends its condolences to the family members, all the Fathers working in the Archdiocese of Shillong and prays for the rest of the soul of Archbishop Most.Rev.Dominic Jala.
The Election Department also invites the users of this video on all platforms through social media, so that it can spread electoral awareness even to remote areas.
Allegiance : means allegiance – allegiance is to the higher creatures.
Even in the murder of this Hindu leader, 7 Christians were arrested and imprisoned for 11 years without sufficient evidence...until the Supreme Court decided to acquit and release them. that after 11 years.
“Even five years ago, the village didn't want to go out to bury him and for example in Byrni, we buried the Rangbah Balang, only the MDC and MLA were present; and ye shall bear the burden of the grave, because there is no man, neither will he go out.
This is unfair and unacceptable which has been a burden on the people in the wrong way, he said.
Speaking to Rupang, Grace Mary said that the department is preparing to find land to build the cow market as the council does not have enough land.
Wohpun u bsiat ki Sai muka,,He cried in the heart of the money,He smiled, he gave the people,He saw the light, the light in front of him.
He said that the village is deeply saddened by this incident, therefore the village strongly condemns these people who were involved in the shooting and bombing of Bah Mangkara Khymdeit, in which the village itself feels that This was done by bloodthirsty men who wanted to kill people, but the whole village of Klew was spread widely.
There will be no ban on meetings, marriages, however, permission must be obtained from the Deporty Commissioner or SDO (Civil) and the ability to gather people will be at their discretion. .
The recruitment process was efficient from application to final selection, exams were conducted in local languages.
Tel Aviv: As Israel prepares to launch a ground offensive in Gaza, the United Nations Security Council has expressed its concern over the situation in Gaza and the death toll. many to civilians, in this current conflict.
Rangdajied United FC owner Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, in his speech, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Kyrmen Foundation has the best intention to open up opportunities for the youth of Rangdajied United FC. region.
He said in Assam, the tribals do not have the right to own land and have to pay taxes.
Corey Taylor and the members of the band said it was something that encouraged them to perform around next year and the tour will start at Amsterdam's Ziggo Dome and end at Amsterdam's Ziggo Dome. pat of London’s The O2.
So far, 588 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, of which 491 cases are from BSF, 203 from civilians and 34 from Armed Forces.
This year's results are no different from last year when the pass rate was 54.04% while last year it was 54.10%.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : Manipur won both gold medals in two categories on Thursday on the opening day of the 2nd North East Olympic Games Malki, while Meghalaya won the silver medal.
And what we have to share in this healing is prayer for the sick.
Shillong, November 17: On the 15th of November, Insp.
However, at present, the names of these more than 2,000 voters in both the states have not been disclosed, as there are many others whose names, villages and townships have been registered. The polling stations without names are still in progress until all the polling stations have been found.
The KJP Assembly also erected a memorial monument on the ground floor of the Pynthorumkhrah Presbyterian Church which was inaugurated and consecrated by Rev.Dr.John Tudno Williams who is the Moderator. of the Presbyterian Church of Wales in those years.
He admitted that he had distributed and apologized and urged the people not to misunderstand that his actions were election fraud.
Speaking to media at the Press Conference, Banpynskhemlang Wahlang said that his intention is to contest next year's elections as an independent candidate. himself with the encouragement of his friends.
Whether the future is good or bad, always remember that it depends on each of us.
The song is a prayer that God will restore the City of Peace.
Dakaniwan went on to study LLB at Karnataka State Law University, Mangalore after completing her studies from Jowai and after completing her LLB she studied for a higher degree at Pondichery Central University.
However, it is difficult to see with our own eyes and hear with our own ears that our Jaitbynriew has been misled and misunderstood in many areas especially by working and producing sub-national departments. -tribe) by describing the places and areas in which they live.
The 39-year-old boyfriend of the woman was also found in her bedroom.
In this regard, there is no difficulty in developing strong legal rules to enforce and respect and protect their rights as workers.
However, we will know until the end of the elections how strong the VPP is.
Chebun Suna scored three goals in the 40', 43', 46' minutes, two goals from D Nongrum in the 52', 56' and Rimi Pyrtuh in the 30' and French Challam 35'.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 17th June 2013 held a sit-in protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to demand the suspension of all recruitment. to amend the reservation policy within the State.
He said that in every protest, most of the decisions taken from the meeting with the Prime Minister or the Symbud Prime Minister are the same as those taken from the meeting with Bah Lahkmen. there is no consensus in the Government and that there is no consensus among themselves.
There are 685 recoveries and 6 deaths. The number of samples tested positive is 44,234, the number of negative samples is 42,330 and the results are negative. There are 447 of them.
" Unquote Therefore, it is clear from this decision of the Supreme Court, that the Governor of Meghalaya can also, if he wishes, issue the Notification of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, to operate in all areas of the United Khasi-Jaintia Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which is now divided into two District Councils (KHADC and JHADC).
This will not only affect the football fans but also the glory of the state as a whole as Shillong does not have another ground suitable for hosting this tournament. .
He added that the Reservation Policy is a serious issue, he declined to comment (Mawphor
Twelve more commissioners have been appointed to oversee the smooth running of the work, including the coal mines, coal trucks and the traveling fee of these will be T.20,000 per trip. The Meghalaya government will have to pay T.35,000 per visit to the lawyers.
Issues including the Audit Report, Appointment of Officers will be discussed at this meeting.
The Seng warns that if the District authorities, especially the Deputy Commissioner, do not take action on the demands; KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit Samla Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit, said in a statement.
Khliehriat, Naitung 11: The Federation of Khasi and Garo People of East Jaintia Hills District today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, U.S. Conrad Sangma in which the party has expressed its strong opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in the district and said that the party will not accept the government's plan. .
“As I have heard, these people who remain are still living there and this shows that the government's words are different and the actions are different,” he said. .
The PHE has provided piped water to the village for a long time but this has not worked as most of the households do not get water from the pipes, but most of them still have to draw water from their own wells.
“I will judge your poor and needy people by the power that God has given to the leaders you have chosen.
The Supreme Court, after considering all the documents, in accordance with the rules sent by the Awaken India Movement (AIM), and the rules sent by the Indian Bar. The Deputy Director of Education, Shri.Deepak Chavne has issued a new directive on 14th June 2022 to all Divisional Directors of Education. and all the Officers of the Education Department in the Zilla Parishad should no longer force the students to take the Covid TIKA, as it will lead to the grief of all the students and their parents. Tell the public about all aspects of life affected by taking TIKA covid and if anything happens in their lives in a short period of time or even by saying “It will lead to untimely death think or even with any dangerous aspects can affect human life".
Peacemaker Marwein said that this is the first time that foreigners have dared to attack in the morning and the village will convene a meeting to discuss the issue. figure out what to do about this jig happens.
Chatterjee, Mukherjee, Bhattacharya and many former health officials have been named in the complaint filed by the ED. of North Eastern Region (Do NER) – BL Verma in the past few days has visited Lengpui, Mizoram to inspect the works related to the improvement and expansion of the airport.
He said that it is necessary to strengthen the social audit of projects and to use modern technology to monitor the implementation of projects.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Bah Pateng Myrsing, Bah Alos Nongpoh, Secretary of the Society and others.
NEW DELHI: The Government of India on Tuesday directed petrol companies to immediately reduce the price of petrol by Rs. to T.12 per liter and this will start immediately and this is because the price of edible oil has dropped around the world.
The decision of the farmers, two days before they meet again with the government, to discuss and repeal the Farmers Act, was taken at the meeting. of the nine members of the Coordination Committee of the morcha.
Some also eat more hours; don spirit who bam all shi months.
The government has allocated 5,000 tyngka to each member of the Producer's Group.
The equal number of votes for the two candidates came after seven Congress MLAs turned away from their party despite the fact that the party is in power in Himachal Pradesh. .
Russia says 6,000 of its troops have been killed in the current war with Ukraine.
Not only the crops, but it was also reported that about seven houses in the rural areas were affected by the storm.
Dalmia Cement was established in North East on 12th July 2013 and every year on this day, awards are distributed to the winners.
A short meeting was conducted by Bah KP Pangniang and speeches were delivered by Dr. Richrad Wahlang, Dr. SD Lyngwa, Head of MIMHANS, Lawmali. Shillong.
St. Mary's College won the title with a cash prize of T.7,000 and a trophy for the drama 'Isharatiak'
Not only that, they are also advised to stay indoors and away from the doors as much as possible during the storm. strong in cold weather and special storage of food for emergency needs such as dry food, clean water and medicines.
Martinez has not played in the Champions League since November 2014, when Arsenal beat Borussia Dortmund 2-0 at the Emirates.
The goodness and wisdom that God gave to Lucifer was in vain because he sinned, the sin of pride, that he wanted to be like God.
On 23 November 2016, after he helped his country, Portugal to qualify for Euro 2016, the Madeira Airport in Funchal was named after him as the Cristiano Ronaldo International Airport. your mot smile.
He also invited the public to join them and this is not the first and last time because in the future there will be more such games. The influx of tourists will also increase in our state.
After you have told everything, the lawyer will give you your word.
After this, it was confirmed that the incident was just a misunderstanding, said the SP (City).
He said that the Assam Forest Department does not want to punish those who should have punished and crossed the border of the Assam Forest Department. marrep and trees and shrubs that have been cared for for many years.
According to a letter sent by George B Lyngdoh to the President of the TMC, Charles Pyngrope on 1st November 2023, he has announced his decision to resign from the post of Vice President and President of the TMC. Number of TMC Block Committee.
:The annual festival, Shad Nongkrem, which celebrates the exhibition of Khasi culture, was recently held at Ing Sad Smit and ended at the 2nd, November.
Speaking to Kynjatshaiu, Bah AL Hek, he said that since the outbreak of ASF in Garo Hills, the department has taken action on this issue and ordered that if it is found that the animals in that village are infected with ASF, they should be banned. No foreign animal shall be brought in or outside the city.
“We have met today and the outcome of the meeting is that we have decided to introduce a person from each party to lead the meeting and discuss what to do next,” he said. Speaking to media after a meeting at the residence of former Home Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
As the Chief Executive Member, he also encouraged the village leaders and the residents to work together for the betterment of the environment and the cleanliness of the village. These kinds of rules that have to be followed in order to bring about a clean environment in which most of the time if we are light we don't understand the duty we have to do for the good and clean environment in the village. thaw, he added.
The JAC has demanded that all three suspects including Meban Talang, brother of I Love You Talang, Jimmy Kyndait of Moorap and Dkhar Sammon is from Mynsngat.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: U Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya, on Saturday at a meeting held at Sajer Community Hall, Nongpoh, launched and handed over the Mortuary Van. ) to the Hindu Welfare Society Nongpoh, which has been allocated through the SRWP scheme at a cost of T.8 lakh. , they are very worried when there are deaths due to the lack of vehicles to transport the bodies to the places 'Thangbriew', but now how happy it will be, because they have received this vehicle to transport the bodies. .
Instead of the Government of India not being willing or able to resolve the issues of Meghalaya on the border, the Government of Meghalaya should understand and do its duty, with the lack of understanding in the police force. , it should recruit police officers like the army in other countries to bring peace and stability especially on the border otherwise we will be like the Palestinians who will become refugees in their own country. country.
A parent also gets happiness when their children always have a close relationship.
D Regulation 2009, Credit System and CU Bill 2013, extension of OC and RC until November, 2013, to pay UGC to all, stop commercialization of education, reject pension scheme teachers when creating the policy.
The U-16 team will compete in the Junior National Football Championship from 5 to 15 November this year in Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) has been forced to decline in the production of dewbilat by the state government. The Meghalaya Electronic Development Corporation (MEDC) was established in 1983 through Dr. Sethna of NEHU together with Chairman Bah Upstar Kharlukhi, MLA. 3 million Tantalum Capacitors and MEDC has stood on its own feet and has received praise for producing these good quality and inexpensive electronic devices for communication. MEDC has become the best factory in India on par with the factory in India and has been able to manage the market well and export. Hyderabad.
Every tribe has its own history which differs from each other that one tribe came from one source and another tribe came from another source.
The Anti-Narcotics Cell (ANC) of Mumbai Police has informed the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) that there are about 489 places in the city which have been used daily by those who addicted to drugs, and after receiving complaints about the number of crimes committed in these areas and the commission of violence against women in these areas, there has been an increase in Electrical lighting and CCTV cameras have been installed in these areas.
The decision and determination of the future of our small nation depends on the respect and understanding of each and every member of the nation on these suggestions on how to promote unity among ourselves.
We are also pleased to point out that each person and each group has its own way of working but the goal is the same.
“The government's goal in setting up SHGs is to eradicate poverty in the society,” said Bah Dohling.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the MPSC will soon implement an IT Cell to facilitate the work and also to speed up the recruitment of youth within the departments. state.
Three villages including Umkiang, Donaskur and Kuliang have lodged a complaint with the Inspector of DMR Umkiang Check Gate to urge him to ban the smuggling of coal. Dumper truck on NH 6, East Jaintia Hills.
He said that the traditional religion is the foundation of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people which was inherited from the Kñi ki Kong during the rule of righteousness or the sameness of the golden age.
“The Pnar people are unique from other people especially the Nartiang Umladang area which is rich in culture where it needs laws and writings to preserve the people and culture,” said Thombor. election in Nartiang.
Exchequer, Treasury : means money, money is a commodity of value that cannot be exchanged for money and the country is the land of the country;  Money is a valuable commodity that can be exchanged for money and a state is a territory within the surrounding borders including himas, raijs and villages.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,351 and the death toll has risen to
He said this has been full of challenges and new learnings.
It is not right to say because you know each other and you should not speak against it.
“I don't need advance ei ei mama,” said Marchborn. “You've prepared 30 or 40 thousand tynka,” said Marchborn. "You're lucky to have a good market. "Thank you mama," said Marchborn. "You're lucky to have a good market. the sound is loud.
He spoke freely to a woman who had been arrested and accused of adultery (John 8:10-11).
Furthermore, the MLA has promised 5 lakh tyngka at the request of the school principals for the construction of a laboratory for the school. that children can use it according to the needs of this age of technology.
Even today, many departments such as Agriculture & Horticulture and Education do not have any vision for the future.
When inquiring about the sudden fire, the village leaders and residents could not explain the cause of the fire. from the lightning of the tyndong lyer shet jingshet.
Private sector companies are any companies that are not owned or operated by the Government but are privately owned companies or groups of private companies that come together to work as a group for the same purpose. and in the same name.1.
“We have also seen through the media that the Inquiry Report is now under the supervision of the Political Department.
It is through the hard work of the Prime Minister that the North East has started to improve after 70 years of independence.
The driver of the Maxx, Bah Moonstar Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint with the police, who are conducting an investigation.
Khliehriat, Nailur 27: Police of Lumshnong Police Station today arrested three suspects who used to rob truck drivers passing by on the National Highway-6, Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District. The robbers were identified as R. Sutung, E. Rymbai and R. Phyengap from East Jaintia Hills District.
It is worth mentioning that the High Court of Meghalaya recently ordered that any protests from the civil society regarding the construction of this road should be suspended immediately.
Yahshua/Jesus is the Way to heaven.
“This is not on the issue of the VPP and there has never been a discussion on this issue in the party, because it is a personal matter,” he said.
Khadsawphra College and Shillong College will face each other in the quarter final at 12 noon.
The meeting was attended by MLA Comingone Ymbon, Additional Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and others.
The Deputy Commissioner handed over the necessary documents including a letter from the Prime Minister of India, Sneh Patra which is the signature of the PM-Care, the PM-Cares for Children Passbbok and the Health Card of Ayushman Bharat (PM-JAY) of three children from East Jaintia Hills District.
“The Meghalaya government should also address the injustice that has happened to the Garo people on the border of Assam and Meghalaya after the signing of the soskular.
The second reason is the implementation of schemes by the central government for women, as these states have the strongest vote share of women.
He said that the ILP protest in the state has shocked even Assam.
They cut down small and well-cut trees to build their gardens, fields or fields.
“We call upon the youth who have the spirit to serve the nation to come forward without hesitation because the nation now needs youth to do something for the nation,” he said.
On the other hand, the party would like to urge the leaders of Ranikor, Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram Constituencies to look into such problems which the people face from time to time. She also urged the government to turn its attention to these areas by setting up full branches of banks to address the problems of the people.
The result showed that girls are better than boys.
The curfew will be in force from Tandu Bridge to Byrnihat, Jero, Pillangkata, Maikhuli, Iongkhuli and Umtyrnga. The curfew has been in force since 03rd November until further notice.
Shillong, June 4 : The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan should convene a special session to discuss the year of implementation of the Roster System. in the state.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has agreed to investigate the incident, which was found by a website 'pwn0001' – which hacked into the website of the ICMR. , Aadhar numbers, passports of people, phone numbers, places of residence and these are those who went to get vaccination against Covid.
The buildings that escaped the fire are the primary, higher secondary, morning section and hostel, said Enbok Lyngkhei Tiewsoh, Vice Principal.
The union under the leadership of Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh together with the Umsaw area unit and the people of Thamah village immediately met with the SDO Bah Mawblei who was in charge at that time.
Knowledge is increasing now as foretold by Daniel the prophet, Daniel 12:4
The Nongsning and Umrasong Dorbar Shnongs on the 16th of this month protested against the coal mining factory as it has affected their water well shortly after the construction of the factory.
:U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency on a surprise inspection of the construction of the Sub Center at Pyndenlyngdoh village, South West Khasi Hills District. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will soon open it for the benefit of the people of San Shnong area.
The award winners include Piar Sana, Mukhaialong, Robinson Rymbai, Khliehtyrchi, Heimon Pariat, Mookyndur, Nathanial Patwet, Khimusniang, Hin Ryngkhlem, Mihmyntdu, Meverius Pohlang, Nongtalang, Hund Sala Beneshwa, Suting. , Welding Cleaning, Patience, Sari Rilang, Face, Cleaning Canvas.
After writing, demanding and responding to many questions, the Home Secretary of the Government of India asked for comment from the State Govt.
However, immediately after receiving the money, he left and promised to complete the work on 27th November 2015 (Mushai Market Day). klong that skaw.
“That's a Dkhar animal that lives in a shop on the east side,” said Bhalang.
Have the parties in the MDA government not promised to oppose the central government's plan to implement the Citizen Amendment Act (CAA) but it has not been so and the CAA has been accepted.
The award ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
This happens to politicians, government and company officials, contractors, traders and others who struggle with illegal money.
The rally in Delhi will last for two days to urge the Legislators of the country to listen to their long standing demand for a separate state including Garoland. .
He explained that the appointment of these officers is according to Section 10 (2) of the Lokayukta Act, 2014 which states, “There shall be a Director of Inquiry and a Director of Prosecution whose rank shall not be lower than the post of Additional Secretary to the State Government or equivalent, who shall be appointed by the Chairperson by selection from a list sent by the State Government.
“These are our fellow villagers but they have stayed in the city,” said an older woman when she saw that the robbers were just watching Bah Sokon and Bhalang.
However, the NHIDCL said that the delay on the part of the state government to hand over the land and the constant harassment of NGOs with malicious intentions has frightened the contractors until they have fled and even the contractors. newcomers do not want to participate in the remaining two phases of the project.
Replying to a question, Momin said, “We have discussed this issue in the past but I have not received an answer and that is why I have raised this issue in the House. recently.
Shillong, Lber 21: The performance of Meghalaya athletes in the men's and women's athletics category has increased their chances of winning medals at the 3rd NorthEast Games 2024 to be held in Nagaland.
The KSU said that the Deputy Commissioner has promised to punish severely against those shops which sell above the price stipulated and has also promised to order all the ration shops under the KSU. EJH has decided to put up display boards on the prices of beverages.
He is currently working as an Assistant Professor and Head of Chemistry Department at Thomas Jones Synod College Jowai.
“We want the government to take seriously this proposal of the HNLC because we want the youth of the state to return home,” said KP Pangniang.
When asked, he said that the KSU does not know why the names of the children are not mentioned but what is surprising is that in one household the parents are named while the children are not mentioned. In another house, the parents of the sons are named, the daughters are not named, there are those whose parents are not named. daughters are named while sons are not.
He said that before taking a decision on this issue, everyone should consult together and not that the government should take a decision only with a few.
Laibungjam Inao, a resident of Takheul, died on the way to a hospital in Imphal after sustaining head injuries.
There are also some foods that are made, such as khoi and shira.
Lamin will be brought to court tomorrow.
Lambert Wahlang of West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, has reached a height of 78.3cm in the vertical jump. and 10m Speed ​​Ladder Run in 2.75 for women and 2.35 in for men.
Kharjahrin said that if he can arrange a meeting with the Prime Minister and the President of the country, they are ready to talk to them on the issue. mat Inner Line Permit.
The government of Himanta Biswa Sarma in Assam will introduce a bill in the Legislative Assembly in June 2024 to ban polygamy.
“This is why you have to be afraid”.
In this incident, there was a clash between the police and the members of the group which lasted for some time but later the police arrested them.
The first step of the Meghalaya Lokayukta to curb corruption began in 2018-2019 when it issued an order directing all Government employees to disclose their assets. (assets) of them as well as detailed information about their wives and children.
To expedite the search for the serial number of voters on the Electoral Roll, Voter Information slips should be submitted five (5) days before the polling day by the Office of the Voter. the District Election Officer.
“At the meeting we explained that the demand to provide LPG to 11,800 schools will be difficult and the department will still have to look into these issues,” he said.
The AITC said that each block will have a Model School, improvement of schools in all districts and to double the teaching profession in the state.
The son of destruction, Satan, came out of the east to tempt; destroy the peace of the whole house.
“We should congratulate the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Defense Minister Amit Shah for including the Christian community under the Citizenship Amendment Act Pakistan and Afghanistan will benefit from this act.
Four cricketers from the State have been selected to represent the Pathbreakers team in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Warjri, Debasmita Dutta, Neha Hajong and L Mawnai along with several prominent athletes of the country.
But you shouldn’t just stop them.
“I have been told that the government has not gone through the Council on this,” said Bah Wanlang.
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Earnest Mawrie said, “We are ready to welcome anyone who wants to join the BJP”.
Shillong: 113 candidates have registered for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC today. In KHADC, 61 candidates have registered. Anvil Lyngdoh of the UDP from Mawkyrwat, Carnes Sohshang of the Congress from Mawkyrwat, Kutborlang Nongrem of the NPP from Langrin, Nasar Marweiñ of the UDP from Langrin, Batskhem Ryntahiang of the Congress from Mairang Nongkhlaw, Equator Nongrang Blanding Warjri of Congress from Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Widnes Day Sancley of PDF from Jirang, Daniam L Marshiangbai of HSPDP from Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Rangkynsai Makdoh of NPP from Nongpoh. , Parbonee Syngkli of Nongpoh, Joseph Joit of Mawhati, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong of Umsning, KHNAM from Umroi, Goodleaderson Nongsiej of HSPDP from Nongstoin, Apsharailang Syiem of NPP from Umsning. Nongstoin, Phlastingwell Pangniang of HSPDP from Rambrai-Jyrngam, World Champion Paliar of NPP from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Badarity Lyngdoh Nonglait of HSPDP from Mawshynrut, Teinwell Dkhar of UDP from Shella, Adrain Lambert Chyne of Shella. Titosstarwell Chyne of Sohra, UDP of Sohra, Brianstar Majaw of Sohra, Independent candidate of Sohra, Frankie Paul Marbaniang of UDP, Olet Kharsahnoh of Congress of Mawkynrew, Martle N Mukhim of HSPDP. Mawkynrew, Egenstar Kurkalang of UDP from Nongkrem, Laborsing Nongrum of Congress from Nongkrem, Lambor Malngiang of Nongkrem, Hilarious Warbah of HSPDP from Nongkrem, Jubablin Pyngrope of Lyngkyrdem, Ryngkatlang of Lyndem. Ronnie V Lyngdoh of the UDP from Mylliem, Macdonald Kharkongor of the UDP from Mylliem and Filington A Roy of the KHNAM from Mylliem.
About 95% of those who commit suicide and attempt suicide show signs of mental illness, and depression is the most common.
“I cannot say whether the government will set up an inquiry into this allegation.
On the other hand, Welesly Lyngkhoi, Educational Secretary of the HYC, said that the HYC has opposed the silence of the VC who has not called for talks despite several letters being sent on this issue.
Because they shlei and come like a flood.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Commercial Taxi Drivers Association (TADA) in the state has announced that it will start its strike on the 11th of this month by holding iong flags.
Shillong, November 30: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, has announced that all vehicles will be banned from entering Khyndailad from 8 pm on the 31st of this month. this month.
Besides, as stated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the government has already taken measures and I don't see that there will be any impact on the peace and order,” said the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen. Rymbui speaking to the media.
Perhaps you can't call it a scientific city.
God wants man to do God's will and that alone not to be revealed to men like the hypocritical Pharisees.
The five injured ranged in age from 18 to 22 years old.
“In each SSA school, the government has distributed four books to each student in Science, Social Science, Maths and English and the students have to buy only two or three books,” he said. you are a bookseller.
The PDF MDCs expressed their surprise at the actions of the ARPA leaders, especially the silence of former CEMs Ardent and Adelbert after the election of Gabriel.
This is our goal," Giluwa said.
The Apostle Paul needs his fellow men, but he has to please God, because by that grace from God he can give back to others because only the grace that comes from God is stand for the sake of pleasing others.
Nongstoiñ, November 22: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday held a meeting with the DMHO West Khasi Hills District, regarding the lack of doctors. Shallang PHC has been in residence for more than 10 months.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU has agreed to meet with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla tomorrow for the purpose of holding a meeting. JAC Chairman Prof Lakhon Kma said that the JAC will discuss its nine demands.
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of this great man and said that his death is not only a loss to the family but a great loss to the nation.
“I demand that Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem should remove those lawyers appointed by Bah Ardent, should appoint the best lawyers in the District Council even if they are Dkhars. If we have the best lawyers, I don't think it will happen, it's a shame for us because the lawyers of the District Council are often accused in the High Court that they don't know anything. “The Advocate General of the party doesn't know anything but she has appointed a person who is a businessman,” said Bah Shylla. He said that Bah Kynta is no longer working because he is too busy.
Allow the Regional Committees to discuss and finalize the boundaries.
This requirement shall take effect immediately upon the publication of this notice.
Hek said that Bah Shangpliang had come to meet him yesterday to inform him that he will leave the party and said that he cannot continue to work with him. the President is not here.
They have already learned that the C.A.B will continue to work here in our country, while we are still poor.
Ri Bhoi Police said that after the incident, the driver of the truck fled the scene. Ri Bhoi Police have informed Mawryngkneng Police Station to arrest the driver of the truck. driver and the truck, in order to find out the facts about the accident.
The breeds of chickens are divided into two broad categories:-How to raise chickens:-The first few days of chickens are the most important to be cared for. a time when chickens can catch diseases.
The sister of the deceased has lodged a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station and police have registered a case against the husband of the deceased. He is still undergoing treatment for his injuries, Prasad said.
/282 The Governor has ordered the State Government to set up relief facilities, training centers and to facilitate traffic on the roads, school offices and in the community. The Act also provides that any person who deceives persons with disabilities will be punished with imprisonment for two years and a fine of 20,000 tyngka. Mr. Kharjana.
This is helpdeskex@nehu.
Rev. Hynniewta said this while distributing the message from the Word of God to the 21st Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Synod Sepngi. The meeting will be held at the Lyngkhoi Presbyterian Church, Pariong Presbytery, Sohiong Constituency, East Khasi Hills District from the 9th to the 12th of October
Guwahati: Congress MLA Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha on Tuesday sat under a tree in front of the residence of the Speaker of the Assam Legislative Assembly, Biswajit Daimari for more than an hour.
Many people were present at the scene at the time of the incident, reports said, in fear they fled to the scene.
The Jirang MLA visited and donated to the church of Balang U Blei Qualapatty, as a sign of his sorrow over what has happened and his donation of his own. Tulop, is part of the support for the Qualapatty Church of God, Shillong.
Shillong, March 05: The State Government is still waiting for more funds from the North Eastern Council (NEC) for the construction of the 85 km road from the North Eastern Council (NEC), today. Mawngap-Mairang-Ranigodown which will connect Meghalaya and Assam.
If you really want to improve the city of Shillong, you should implement this curfew for private vehicles as well as those with tens of thousands of vehicles.
The AG office team, which included several players from the clubs competing in the Shillong Premier League, came to continue the second half. The AG Office team has started to improve their play, which has allowed the AG Office team to score these three goals.
The KSU leaders visited the school after the teachers of the school came to the KSU for assistance, saying that their school has been badly damaged by the floods. storm and Frost, which occurred in June.
The Meghalaya High Court has directed the state government to submit plans to improve the water supply in Umïam and Mawphlang.
It also announced tax exemptions for expenditure on COVID-19 treatment and death benefits due to COVID-1
For more information please call 87941-47412 and
Banteidor said this after the President of the BJP Meghalaya Unit, Ernest Mawrie, said that if the people take the 5,000 tyngka donated by the NPP, they will have to pay the money to the bank after the end of the year. the election.
Shillong: The VPP Chief Leader Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, who is also the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday said that the VPP will not cooperate with the NPP. Because even before the elections, the NPP has been accused of corruption.
He was speaking when asked how much the visit of All India Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee will attract the voters of the state, which will elect new leaders in June. October of next year.
In the past few months, BSF troops have seized Bangladesh rupees worth Rs 10.83 lakh and arrested three persons from Balat, East Khasi Hills District.
“This is the figure that has been revealed by the NPP survey and it is not what I have done or said,” he said. , said Dr. Mukul.
Many times God uses those whom the world has rejected as fools who have been considered foolish by the fools of this world.
Other members who attended the meeting included Pinky Bompal Magar, Harjinder Singh, Arun Malhotra, Climax Lawrence and Eugeneson Lyngdoh.
These ministers are from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and even from Garo Hills but the names have not been announced.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Union, Bah Brostar Tyrsa, expressed his deep sorrow that the residents of the area have been suffering from darkness for more than four years due to the loss of electricity. electrical.
This reservation is the key to allowing us Khasi-Jaintia and Garo to get more share in the jobs in the State.
Therefore the earth shall be full of grain; but, as we have said above, if its thickness makes it impossible for water to pass through it, it can damage many plants.
The meeting was attended by the village leaders of eight villages in the area, Sengbhalang leaders and officers from the district.
Nongpoh, November 11: Thousands of youths of the Catholic Church in Zone-VI under the banner of the Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement today held a meeting at Byrnihat Parish to discuss and discuss the issue. discuss as young people for the development of the Church and for the welfare of the young people.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the ultimate goal of the state government is to improve the income of the farmers. He will direct the officers of the Agriculture Department to do whatever is necessary for the welfare of the farmers of the area.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by Babu E. Marngar, Additional Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Nongstoin. K.J.P.Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School Nongstoiñ.
Looking back at the final match, it was indeed a beautiful and thrilling match, as the players of these two teams, played a beautiful and exciting match, especially besides The number of people who came to support these teams who reached the final.
Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said that the farmers in the district have been severely affected as well as the buildings from schools and roads during the heavy rains which have caused floods and landslides.
A six-hour sit-in was held in Chittagong today.
When I was young, I went to school without support because I didn't have enough money.
He said that there have been many accusations against him that he has joined the government and called MUDA only because 50 sq km has been accepted to fall under MUDA. He said that he will meet all political parties and leaders to discuss this issue in these days to discuss it better.
In fact, many have been very happy when there are intellectuals, Seng Bhalang and the general public who do not want to do anything that will bring only harm and evil, rather than a few benefits.
Both the children she was pregnant with died due to the mistake of the doctors when she went for treatment.
“Retaliatory incidents instead of cooling down the situation, will lead to more problems.
Three persons including Monthan Laskar (19), Uttam Boro (20) and Nicholas Brahma (19) were arrested along with four boxes of soap and four golden tins of powder. stem soh and weighed about 38.34 grams and after verification they were taken to the police station.
Support staff: Neetesh Sharma (head coach), Synrap sing Riahtam (assistant coach), Emidao Dhar (physio), Skhembor Khong btep (trainer), Chuba R Marak (manager).
A Delhi court has sentenced to jail Bhim Army leader Chandra Shekhar Aazad, who was arrested after a clash in Daryaganj, Old Delhi.
In the Jowai Zone, Rangdajied FC failed to score a goal in the first minute of the match against Ladthadlaboh SC. 12 of the first half.
“As the Legislative Assembly has already passed the Resolution, we demand that the State Government should monitor the Government of India regarding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the State,” said Bah Pangniang. , that the State Government should look into the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Rangbah Shnong of Kongthong, Bah Cominghome Pohnong, has expressed his gratitude to the electricity department for their efforts to restore electricity to the village especially at this time when the people are still sleeping. I'm going to watch the World Cup.
I want to tell the Garo people that one day we will get what we demand,” said Marak.
Sangma said that according to various departments, there have been some issues of injustice, poor performance which have already been addressed and there will be discussions.
These things can cause us pain and suffering.
Besides, according to the writings of the ASHAs, they said, 'You pay us 2000/-, you don't pay 5000/-, what is more than 3000/-?' The President of West Jaintia Hills District ASHA Association, Fionaliza Timung, welcome speech and ASHA of Laskein Block, Bida Khonglah, ASHA of Amlarem Block, Emlang Mukhim, ASHA of Thadlaskein Block and singing. “The state government is the corruptor, it wants to fight against the ASHAs and Anganwadis and it wants to fight against the ASHAs and the Village Authorities,” said Kong M.June. Myrsing after the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the ASHAs came to complain about the availability of Anganwadis.
Members of the armed group, besides kidnapping a man, were also involved in the theft of several cows from a farm house in the area.
The Cabinet also introduced a new rule to be included in the OM of the Reservation Policy for job seekers who apply for job vacancies in Districts, which states that job seekers who apply through District Selection The Committee shall pass the local language of the District.
The injured were rushed to Mirza Hospital but doctors said he died.
Areana won the MLA election six months ago with 3,000 votes, followed by Grace Mary Kharpuri, the NPP candidate, who won 12,8 vote.
They don't have a clock, they don't have a book or a pencil to write, but they know exactly the time, the days.
The party has come forward to express its opposition to the border crossing and thoughtless speech of Himanta.
The Cabinet Spokesperson, who is also the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on 17th October, said that the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, which he will deliver on the opening day of the Legislative Assembly, The 11th Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on 20th October, will discuss several issues including the steps taken in 2022 at Mukroh village in which seven people were killed. The peace talks between the government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), the border dispute with Assam, drug trafficking, tourism and others.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur informs that if anyone finds anyone who violates this rule of the village and if they tell the village, the village will give them a buskit tyngka. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Ma Satly Ryngkhlem.
Shillong: The Shillong-Dawki road today was blocked again for the second time, after heavy rainfall, which lasted for about a day.
ISRO has not yet lost hope, but is still searching for Chandrayaan-2
The mysteries of the stone were too few to help with this miracle.
The Cash Awards differ according to the ranks: winners in the Senior, Junior, and Sub-Junior categories. Youth Affairs & Sports.
The A'chik NEHU Students' Union (ANSU), Shillong has strongly condemned the assault on one of its members by unidentified robbers and urged the NEHU authorities and police to take action. and the State Government shall not punish those involved in this crime.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Three pastors have written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, to suspend the registration of Aadhar numbers.
Latest reports said that after the truck collided with a dumper truck and went into a forest area and caught fire suddenly there, the Fire Service Team. ) of Star Cement, on receiving the information, immediately rushed to the scene and at the same time managed to extinguish the blazing fire. The fire did not spread to other forest areas.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will be held on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf, Polo at 5 pm. .
Speaker – Speaker or member of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people to lead their constituency in the state, and when it is time to form the ruling and opposition parties, according to the The People's Government shall elect members who shall be neutral and impartial to empower such a Lamphang for the purpose of conducting the Legislative Assembly as stipulated in the Constitution.
He expressed his pleasure to talk to the beneficiaries of VBSY and praised their spirit, perseverance and determination.
“If we don't give 29, I'm sure we'll get at least 27 to install in Meghalaya.” “So he should understand that he too has been involved in this border demarcation from the beginning because we're just following. These are the reasons why he followed the report he submitted to the Assam government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Manoson Doloi, Coordinator of Nongspung Hima, said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma has already signed the MOU. The MOU was signed blindly and without investigating the facts.
The Seng also alleged that many of them are Benami and bring in foreigners by taking advantage of them in many ways.
The carol was organized by Jowai Presbyterian Church, Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Khimusniang Prebyterian Church, Jowai Parish, CNI and others.
Ma Lasting Suchiang and Ma Pyndaplang Muksor together with their friends, donated blankets to 6 people with disabilities at Umdilien, Iooksi. on the 17th of this month.
The distribution method is as follows, AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. The dealers of PMGKAY should not charge any money from the beneficiaries, and if they find such, they should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply). , East Jaintia Hills District to punish them according to the law laid down by the government.
Other than that there is no consideration for the people.
George was defeated because he rejected the arty that he had.
Expressing the need for skilled health workers, Sangma said the construction of the T.280 crore PA Sangma Medical Skill Hunar Hub has started at Dumindikgre near Babadam, West Garo Hills. Hills.
He said that he has traveled around the Mawsynram constituency to verify the works with the replies received in writing but he said that the amount of money appearing in the written statement is high while the works have not been done. didn't see anything.
The Rangbah Shnong of Saphai, Anthony Bareh, gave the last greeting to all the members of the Dorbar Shnong as well as the judges who took part in the organization of this festival. from morning till night, which brought victory.
This story proves that God exists but we cannot see God with physical eyes because God is a spirit (John 4:24). " Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, neither let the rich man glory in his riches.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will resume tomorrow after a two-day leave to commemorate the passing away of Purno A Sangma.
On this occasion, the Lum Jingthang Committee has come forward to award certificates to the members of the Lum Jingthang Committee who have contributed to the fundraising campaign. The President of the Seng Khasi Kmie and also the Chairman.
Mookyndur have reached the final of the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA after beating West Madan Mustem 3-1 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. second.
HUFAN works with the spirit of providing shelter to ownerless or street animals.
The Chambers Dictionary says that Schedule means 'append or appendix' which means the same in Khasi, add or include.
As one of the Ministers who has been involved since the beginning of the relocation of these residents of Them-metor, Bah Hamlet said that the number of residents of Themmetor has increased. There are 128 employees working in the Municipal and 56 employees working in other government departments.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Teibor said that he has not yet decided with the supporters to contest from any party but he will hold a meeting on Tuesday to decide. make a decision.
Bajop said this through a Xeroxed Sale Deed at the NPP election campaign rally held at Umlyngka village on Tuesday evening to seek support for the party's candidate. you are Mrs. Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Teachers of non-government schools and colleges today staged a protest against the order of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department, Dr Roytre C Laloo. the whole state including the Khasi and Garo Hills.
It is learned that some MLAs from West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills have been waiting for the time to leave the Congress to join the BJP.
Videos of the accident were also shown.
RC Evening SS, which represents Meghalaya, is in Pool C along with schools from Maharashtra and Gujarat.
The census has been postponed due to the outbreak of COVID-1
Under – 14 Years Girls (6 events) 60 M, 600M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put (2.00Kg), Kids Javelin Throw (300gms) The closing date for offline registration is ( submit) inside the DSO office on or before June 12, 2023.
One of the deceased was from East Khasi Hills District.
Besides, the Conrad Sangma government has recruited more than 300 health officials, launched the delivery of medicines by drones to remote areas, and teleconsultation clinics across the state.
Dhar was accompanied by the Minister and East Shillong Legislator, Ampareen Lyngdoh and other government officials.
Land is one of the most important parts of recognizing any country or nation and without it no independent country can be recognized as a sovereign state. ).
The Seng pays tribute to this hero and freedom fighter of our country who gave his life for the sake of our country and nation by being martyred in the French government in Iawmusiang.
In a letter sent by the Commissioner of Transport to the employer, Deipormi Dkhar dated 16th July 2024, he said that according to the decision of the High Court, Meghalaya dated 8th November According to WP (C) No.299, the Government has withdrawn the appeal.
He also produced a son, Conrad K. Sangma, one of the most educated and educated Prime Ministers.
The incident happened on 20th June 2021 and the family members of the child have lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station and a case has been registered according to the Case No:22(4)2021u/s 3(a)/4 POCSO Act.
Certificates were also distributed to the participants of the Swachhathi Hi Seva which started on 15th November and ended today organized by the Jowai Municipal Board.
“What law have you passed in the district council for the benefit of the people?” said a statement from KHNAM. vote for the MDC elections which KHNAM has written and demanded from the EC of the PDF since
Along with the people, the village leaders of these villages were also present on the occasion.
Project Director of Umiam-Jorabat Expressway Vinod Tripathi said this before the Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who conducted an emergency inspection of the road after four people lost their lives yesterday. an accident on this road.
“Amit Shah as a Union Minister is also the leader of the BJP and the BJP if I am not mistaken will be in a coalition government with the NPP within 40 days.
Also present on the occasion were Bah EG War, Organizing Secretary, MUPSTA State Level and Bah P Mylliem Pdah Genl.
The House is currently sitting at the Arts and Culture House in Rilbong.
The march was organized by the Joint Action Committee of KSU, RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP, Nongpoh Circle. parents and other elders who have given their support for the strong condemnation of the robber who dared to take the life of a young woman who happened on 26th November 2022 in The Village of King.
The emission of radon gas from uranium mines causes cancer.
Khliehriat, July 14: U Kynjaimon Amse, Muktiar, Umkiang village, East Jaintia Hills District, on the 10th of this month, sent a petition to the Ministry of Home Affairs and informed about the incident. An elderly man was killed in Balisar in Lumskie village, on the border with Bangladesh on the 6th of this month.
HUCC scored 132 runs in 11.1 overs for the loss of 1 wicket.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The KHNAM Mawlai Constituency Committee will hold a public meeting to explain the need to implement the Inner Line Permit in the State.
The Minister said that it is not right as leaders or as a House to oppose any Bill that has not been seen or how it is.
The purpose of this awareness campaign and training is to help people learn how to protect themselves from being scammed through the internet so that the use of the internet can be safe.
New Delhi: The Government of India today approved to extend the vaccination against the coronavirus between 12 and 16 months after the first injection.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has conveyed this request to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya during a meeting with him at his office on Tuesday.
He also explained to the Governor regarding the intention to promote fish production through the holding of workshops for the development of fish farming as well as the development of fish seeds in the state.
When asked whether the UDP will be the candidate for the next government, Titos said the outcome of the vote will determine the party. it shall be only the heir to the throne or the sitting on the throne.
“Corruption has caused problems to the people and affected the income of Meghalaya and these signs will happen to Meghalaya if this government is allowed to come back to power,” said Dr. Absolutely.
According to the statement, the chief secretaries of the two states have also continued to hold talks between them.
He also directed that security forces should be deployed to ensure that the vehicles carrying goods using the road from the state do not comply with the rules of carrying according to the weight.
He said that as arranged between the NHAI and the toll gate company, the vehicles from Ri-Bhoi will be reduced by allowing them to pay a monthly fee and also to register their vehicles at the Toll Gate Company. The toll gate has been closed due to the lack of attention of the authorities. .
Following this announcement, the police request the relatives or acquaintances to come and collect the body from the mortuary in Nongpoh.
It was also suggested to set up a Public Grievances Cell and a Complaint Cell which will be equipped with modern equipment.
However, looking back over the years, the Legislative Assembly has been filled with businessmen and not lawmakers.
If the authorities cannot open the market as requested by the people in the area, the village and the surrounding villages in the area, will take stronger action. or even to post announcements that the Mawhati Market has been opened and will be looked after by the Village in collaboration with other Dorbar Shnongs of the area.
Speaking briefly, Bah Chyne said that people who just come to the city to study are ashamed to speak their own language and are ashamed to say that they are from their own village.
In this computer age, where words are constantly appearing in thousands and tens of thousands of new words and furthermore, where writing and thinking are constantly changing, so it will be It would be good if the Government of India would take this approach to those departments under its jurisdiction and then the State Governments would follow suit with other government departments.
There are times for everything.
The priest said that when he visited the village a few days ago, they showed him the image, which appeared to be a rosary and a cross.
However, hundreds of people from the Polling Station attended the meeting.
According to him, any department that has a reservation policy should have a roster system as required by law.
These trainings were conducted in the districts by the offices of the Deputy Controller of Civil Defense and the District Home Guards Commandant.
On this basis, the Bank was closed down.
As a leader, he will stand for the people and this is a change in which the people have already given their support to him. Once again, he urged the people to elect their leaders with wisdom and vision. part of the future.
When they arrived at Damsite, she said that they had met with the people and the fishermen who were in the area and had given them a phone call. inform them.
" That rakot turned into a heart.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, has given 60 days to the GVK company to resolve the issues. to sign a contract with GVK company and to hand over to another company.
In fact, the opposition members including the NPP, UDP and independent MLAs have formed the Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) and elected Dr Donkupar as its leader and has already sent a letter to the Speaker. .
Meanwhile, former MEPA President Manas Chaudhuri expressed his concern over the plight of the media in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today urged the SSA teachers to stop the intention to file a case against the MSSASA. the state government.
Also present on the occasion were Robertjune Kharjahrin, RDA Candidate, Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency and Chairman of the RDA, South. Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the HSPSD and General Secretary of the RDA Central Body.
After a thorough discussion, the meeting unanimously decided to suspend the construction of the factory while no decision has been taken to inform the people, who are now concerned about the factory.
Then they learned that he was living in Malki.
The Sordar of Mawrohroh, Bah Dmar Rani, congratulated the group for coming forward to help this family during their time of crisis in the presence of relatives and some residents.
“We demand that the government should take over only the teaching post of all the non-government schools in the state,” he said. to education because it will decline.
Recently, more than six months ago, Meghalaya leaders including the Chief Minister, Ministers and MLAs as a delegation, left for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister by sending a letter to him. The ILP and the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Booth Level Officers will be sent to all the Polling Stations of the 26th Shella and 28th Sohra Assembly Constituencies to verify the voters from all the households. There will also be a Special Camp on the 6th and 13th of July at all polling stations.
You are not baptized before you repent.
The FKJGP also urges the residents to come out and discuss and resolve any shortcomings of the company so that the work can go smoothly.
The aim of the project is to carry about 10,000 passengers per month over a distance of about 14 miles or 22.5 kilometres.
Speeches were also delivered by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal and Dr. Salam DYC Shillong.
On the other hand, Ubah Ordo has lodged a complaint against the village leaders on 29/7/2021 at Sohiong Police Outpost to get their rights and to live like others in the society. Khasi Hills District.
Dr. KK Nongsiej, President of Mawten Village Youth Association, gave the welcome speech.
He also discussed some of these measures that can improve or reduce the impact of drug use, the first of which includes Early Intervention.
On the other hand, the family members of Kong Stefani Lynhdoh Nonglait, refused to accept and Stefanie will take her own life, as she is a physically and mentally strong person.
The Danish club announced that he was admitted to Aarhus University Hospital on the 20th of this month with a critical illness.
He said that the health department in collaboration with the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, has done its utmost to provide adequate treatment to these patients.
Secretary of the committee.
When hearing the petition filed by Lber Laloo of Panaliar against the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban coal mining in the state, no one from Dima Hasao District came forward. Muktiar Dima Hasao said that no information has been received from the court to appear in court, so the court has appointed an Amicus Curiae to assist due to the absence of appearance. from the Dima Students Union.
She said that Meghalaya is not a poor state, Meghalaya is rich in mineral resources.
We believe that if we unite and work together we will overcome this disease and as a nation we will survive in this world.
It may be recalled that Bah Kulam Nongrum, President of Nongshat Nongkhein, was burnt down on the 11th in Mylliem, in protest of the Dorbar Shnong of Mylliem, to burn down the border of Mylliem. Village.
Boldness said it will also be in preparation for the KJP Youth Synod 2020 to be held at this venue.
“If the word secularism is removed from the Constitution, it will be the same as in Pakistan.
He also called a meeting with civil society leaders, religious leaders and elders to discuss this tragic incident and especially the closure of petrol pumps in Garo Hills. touch the one who is in the church.
He also mentioned the confiscation of land immediately after the merger with the Government of India in Assam on 13th June, 1951, a year after the merger.
The office blockade affected only the employees inside the MeECL Mairang office.
There are many reasons, which I feel, as if it is just one of the news gatherings and one of these is that besides the editors or editorial writers of the State newspapers, the journalists of others are news, which is new.
Mahatma Gandhi once said, "Education means the exposure of the best that is in the child and man – body, mind and soul"
Gradually, the management has started to distance itself from the real work inside the factory, to shake hands with the office in Shillong, and to inspect the situation inside the factory.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Local Taxi Owners and Drivers Association, Laitlyngkot Unit today came out to repair the road which has been badly damaged. The construction work started from Lad Iew Laitlyngkot to Nongkynrih.
BN Singh, District Magistrate, said that the district authorities have banned the gathering of hundreds of people at a square in Sector The Supreme Court in 2009, those who wish to perform religious services in any place, must obtain permission from the land owners and the District authorities as well.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnat Raid Tynring today expressed its strong opposition to the statement of the seven villages, admitting that it is groundless.
Besides being clean, they are wise and don't even respect the morality of man or the morality of God.
He said he is a person who doesn't want to be embarrassed. “I want to step down to avoid embarrassment, I don't want to be embarrassed,” he said.
The Minister said there has been destruction of the environment by the activities of people in the state and most of the land belongs to the private sector.
Do you think that it is precious, like gold?
As a citizen of Meghalaya, I would like to express my deep gratitude to these three people for having the courage to reveal their names and that they have been infected with Covid1 MEBAN Wahlang and Shianivia Wahlang I believe that this good example you have shown to the community will help you a lot. May God be with you and may you have a stronger body and mind and may you get well soon. they will be healed.
Speaking at a meeting of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Jaishankar today said that Lord Buddha is one of the greatest men India has produced alongside Mahatma Gandhi.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang wishes all those who were injured on that day a healthy body through the grace of God.
The NDRF and other agencies are still providing assistance.
The letter will be handed over to the Ksiang appointed by the State Government, Bah PS Dkhar, said HNLC Leader Bah Sadon KBlah who is also President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF). .
The State Level Mock Exercise on Earthquake Disaster will be held on the 12th of March in all districts of the State.
The vehicles were used by the DGP as his staff officer for his own purposes while the petrol was filled with government money.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held by the State Blood Transfusion Council, Meghalaya in collaboration with the All Licensed Blood Bank of the State.
During his visit, he will also open the BJP office in the city.
Rijied Katrai was awarded the best player from Khasi Hills, Silseng Marak from Garo Hills, Gautom Rabha from Jaintia Hills and Tachung Dupit from Arunachal Pradesh.
“I have no doubt that this will happen in the coming days,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong: Two persons have lost their precious lives in an earthquake at Police Station in Shillong today due to heavy rainfall for five days. Jailroad Reserve.
HNYM Central Body President Louis Dohtdong in the presence of Vice President Pyrkhatlang Nongphlang, Working President Donald Syiemlieh and others confirmed the office bearers of the HNYM West Jaintia Branch.
For many residents life in the last 50 years has not been meaningful.
In Mawsikar, the Assam government has set up a police station since 1979 and it still exists today”.
The office building has been in turmoil in the state as it has just started operating after being inaugurated by the Home Minister Amit Shah last year.
And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns, which God had prepared for Isaac.
At the same time, the Mawphlang MLA said that he has not been able to hire PSOs or patrol police, because he does not feel the need even though the government has sent him a police escort.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The body of a young woman who was found on the NH-44 in Dkhiah East since the 23rd of this month has been identified by her relatives today.
Her first job was to clean, clean and eat the grain.
Perhaps the government should do better to look into the delay in teaching or even the age of them to take the MTET examination, because when such protests occur, it brings something shameful to the state. , if the teachers take to the streets to protest.
She also directed the parents of the students to be vigilant against such unreliable calls.
She also stressed that it is necessary to fight for the recognition of the anniversary of Rabon Sing's death as Rabon Sing's Day, as an honor given to other great thinkers of the Jaidbynriew.
In these days, we also see the collapse of roads, landslides, floods and especially the loss of precious lives.
The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (MPCC) led by Remistar Dkhar and Chrispin N Dkhar has called for the withdrawal of the name of the candidate. The Congress party from the 6th Khliehriat Assembly Constituency has decided to leave the Congress.
The arrest of Meban Talang, Sambun Dkhar and their friend was made after a rumor spread in the village that these three men had offered to sell a new car.
Skilled manpower from other places is allowed to be brought in for Government construction projects, but only after obtaining permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
They say that they are not the only ones who can but they are still confused.
If the land owners violate this Act, the state government will impose a fine for two months and after that these land will be temporarily closed by the government authorities.
The player has now chosen to move to the USA as a new step in his career besides the desire of Barcelona to work with Barcelona again, and the readiness to sign a contract with one of the clubs in Saudi Arabia.
On the other hand, FKJGP and NPYF donated household items and Tin Sopïing. Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun and BJP candidate Gee Bareh donated household items and Tin Sopïing. song money.
However, he said that at present, there are 18 projects underway in the city, including the Laitumkhah Market and the Polo Market. Next year they will be able to open and use it.
Speaking at the meeting, the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Bah Shitlang Pale, who is also the MLA of the constituency, urged the supporters not to be deceived. “When they come to their homes to offer money, wealth, but for three years, where will they go?” are you looking for? However, remember that in times of trouble I am always with you people,” he said. He also expressed his regret that in the past three years he has not been able to help the people because of the He said that he joined the UDP because the party has the hope of forming a government and if it can, it will be able to form a government. “In the past, many jobs that I wanted to bring about in the area will have the opportunity to help the people and also to bring about development in the area. I have seen many problems because I am in the opposition, while in the past when I was in the government and when I was a minister, many schemes, many I have brought about development in this area, I have also brought in a new district, East Jaintia Hills District during my tenure in government. I have joined the UDP, this is because I see that this party congress is getting weaker, declining, I see that it cannot form a government even in Delhi, so I joined and the UDP party because this constituency is backward, and if I sit for another five years in the party congress it will be a loss to the people of the area, I know and understand your problems. “I have joined the UDP with a common understanding,” said Shitlang Pale.
There are 45 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills. don one.
Damehipaia Papeng is a tourist from Khonshnong and lives in Mihmyntdu.
After filing their nomination papers, these three candidates expressed their views on what they intend to do for the constituency if the people elect them as MDCs. Two HSPDP candidates have filed their nomination papers today from Banrikupar Wahlang-Laban on the left, Samlin Malngiang-Sohiong and Hubert Riang-Nongkrem on the left.
2) To fulfill the words of Jesus:- In the Gospel of John 4:23, Jesus said to the Samaritan woman at the well that and said unto them, Our fathers worshiped in this mountain;
He is the second highest run-scorer in Ranji matches in the country in both the elite and plate groups.
If you don't send help, they talk more about the jalbi in the Dkhar dairies.
Police are investigating the owner of the vehicle to arrest the suspects.
Dr. Fnella Lyngdoh Nonglait, a lawyer, has alleged that the Khasi language has not been included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The authorities have banned the recognition of the Khasi language in the Constitution of the country, saying that they have gone to protest against the inclusion of the Garo language in the list of languages ​​to be recognized by the constitution of the country.
Not only the welcome but also the police have conducted adequate security for the arrival of the BJP President after the HNLC has called a curfew tomorrow to protest against the BJP. you are in this state.
Therefore, this negligence of the constructors of this road has affected the traffic of the people of our area and has also caused many diseases and illnesses to many pedestrians especially children.
Also, for the time being, the Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng, requests the tourists, to cooperate with the village authorities, as there will be many changes in the management.
“Only from DESO, Shillong and Ampati which have been approved from 11 districts, 9 others have not submitted to the Director till today,” he said. At the same time, the Executive Committee of KJDSTA will meet on 1.12.2018 at New Hope Restaurant, 1 pm to discuss the issues. you don't need it.
“If the government says that those who come from abroad to empty are very valuable, does it mean that if there is a child who steals in order to empty, the government will say that he is valuable or if he has “If a student fails in his studies because he is too late to leave, will the government say that he is a valuable student? He said that if the government has any intention to curb such vacancies, it should introduce the same law as Tamil Nadu has banned all vacancies. online gambling and online batting after conducting a thorough investigation into the impact of all activities.
These are Mustem Sub Station and Khliehriat Sub Station. The power outage will be twice from 5 AM to 7 AM and 2 PM to 4 PM. Lumshnong Sub Station from 6AM to 8 AM and 6 PM to 8 PM. The curfew for Mawlyndep, IIM and NEIGRIHMS will be 7AM to 9AM and 10 PM to 12 AM. For Mawlai and NEHU Sub Stations, the curfew will be from 1 AM to 5 AM. For Mawphlang and Cherra Sub Station, the curfew will be from 12 AM to 1 AM and 4 PM to 6 PM and 11 PM to 12 AM. Umiap Sub Station, Stage III blackout will be from 8 AM to 10 AM and 11 PM to 12 AM. EPIP I & II Sub Station blackout will be from 6 PM to 10 PM. EPIP I and II Shillong, July 28: A youth from Mawtawar, Mephrin Kharumlong, 20, has been missing for four days. .
“Where is Bahnah when you are young...” said Deisy. “You don't say that... Bahnah knows everything...” said Riia.
Why do we celebrate Meghalaya Day? We as citizens must think carefully to contribute our share to the development of the state.
Not only that the police have strengthened the security forces but it was also seen that they have prepared by throwing bombs on top of the vehicle of the SOT police. prevent injury in this area.
Where can the same resource be differentiated? However, it is in the past 10 years that the High Court has strongly criticized the state government in this regard.
According to a statement sent by Kong JJ Kylla, President of WORD, as a union that looks after the welfare of women, it requests all women not to feel anything about this. For those who wish to participate, please call no.
Vikas Bharat Sankalp Yatra arrives in Kinnaur district, Himachal PradeshThe Yatra has arrived in Kinnaur district in Himachal Pradesh, where it provided information on various schemes of the Central Government to the people living there. in this district.
However, they warned that if the party makes a mistake in giving tickets, Kong Biolinda can also move forward with the voice of the people to support behind her.
A.Kharsyntiew, Leader of the Union of Women of West Khasi Hills, said that if all the women of West Khasi Hills are concerned about this issue, it is time to demand from the District Council to strengthen the women's rights movement. laws relating to the longkur long jait of the Khasi people.
Zenith Sangma, who strongly criticized the MDA Government, said, “How can they drive trucks to the border? In 2018-20, one truck will have to pay T.70,0
MCSWA TI CC Khliehriat Staff
Shillong, July 28 : The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday approved a budget of less than 55,080 tyngka for the working period 2023-2
No applications will be accepted after the above date without valid reasons and they will lose their ration due to the misconduct of the Dorbar Shnongs.
Does the Government of Meghalaya have any special concern for the farmers who earn their living from agriculture?
Phromlis Synnah, resident of Moosalyngkat, Jowai, passed away on 26/07/2
What has angered the FASToM leaders is that the Prime Minister himself has only said what the media has asked according to their knowledge but if he has called for a face to face meeting to show the real reasons that the Government it cannot increase salaries so teachers are relieved and perhaps the demand will be different.
“I will contest from the PDF, I will not go to the UDP, they are just news to confuse the people,” said Banteidor.
When asked to dismiss Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Dr Mukul said, “There is nothing wrong with the rape of the child at his son's hotel. obstructing or interfering with a police investigation into the matter.
Jowai, June 19: A 21-year-old mother with a child has been thrown acid by another mother in Jowai, according to reports. the city of Pamrah.
He expressed his concern for the safety of the youth who go abroad to study across the country.
“Before many churches expressed their opposition, the government had already implemented this issue which includes the issuance of temporary licenses to these three companies with conditions. that within 6 or 8 months this work should have started, but when there was opposition from many churches we decided to stop”.
If you would like to participate in this program please call/whatsaap +9
If the government doesn't accept it from the beginning, there is no difference.
He said that on Thursday, police conducted a patrol at the market in Tebronggre because there were traders.
Mukul Sangma, MLA of Ampati, today sent his resignation letter to the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, after the end of the session.
According to the schedule, the tournament was scheduled to be held at the NEHU Indoor Hall, NEHU (Mawlai Umshing) but for unavoidable reasons it was postponed from that venue and the tournament was held. to the JN Indoor Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
Bishar Lhuid (31), Richard Dhar (49) and Shwaki Dhar (59) scored three goals for Lutituber.
"It's not Kongthei, as you say, I'll do anything else when I sit down..." Lanosha said calmly as if she had lost her temper. Kongthei Daplin, who was very sorry for Bahdeng, cried loudly. face to the friend.
“From human belief and calculation of the nature, we assume that it is something that will happen,” he said.
When asked whether the NPP will support from the bottom of my heart, Prestone said, “From the bottom of my heart”.
The incident happened on Saturday when a woman kidnapped a three month old child from Mawngap village.
These rots have shown as a way to protect the environment from pollution, show the responsibility of the child in the family, as well as the danger of excessive use of mobile phones, alcoholic beverages and other other de.
All the functions of the MDA Government are managed by the High Level.
From the discussion that in Khasi Hills there are two parts urban and rural areas and the rural areas have their own way of life and management and during this visit he said that he has learned a lot about this, Regarding the allocation of funds, it is up to the State Government and not to the Central Government.
There are 30 million of these squares, which have been specially produced and distributed to 11 countries around the world.
Awhai Andrew Shullai MDC Jowai Central awarded the prizes to the winners in the evening.
A case has been registered against Pushki under Section 37(5)2023u/s21(b)29 of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
The residents of the village were afraid when they saw the fire flying in the sky, because they were afraid that it might fall on their houses and public places.
“The Government has set a target to provide water to 5,89,888 households and the department is still including 6,30,000 households. 5,62,000 households are eligible to benefit from this scheme”.
She said that it is necessary for women to stand on their own feet in their livelihood, to be able to walk in the path of their own choice, or to be able to walk in the path of their own choice. the life of the young man or his wife.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Tourism Environment Development Forum (RBTEDF) on Saturday held a khwai competition at Umtrew Lailad River. , Sohkhwai Umdu, has strongly opposed the khwai competition in the river.
Regarding the demarcation of the border between the two states, the two Chief Ministers (Assam and Meghalaya) will visit Khanduli to inspect the border. 'This is the blood country of Ni u kong, this is our country and it should fall under Meghalaya', shouted one voice.
“I don't know if I will win but we will wait for the 2nd because the voice of the people will be clear on that day but we have given our best to reach the goal and the people will decide who. he's fit," he said.
All the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew in the world are very important to the Meirymew.
These workers are in the factory, where the warehouse is on the ground floor, while they themselves live on a high floor.
The power outage will be between the hours of 27th October and 29th October in different places due to the sudden loss of the unit in Palatana.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, together with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the Minister in charge of GAD, Bah Comingone Ymbon, today held a meeting to discuss the issue. They visited the injured who were admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that the purpose of applying for land from the Government in New Shillong is to make it easier for the people to travel in the future.
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President of the Myntdu River Cleanliness Sein, as a person responsible for the Myntdu River and the future of the residents of Jowai and the villages along the Myntdu River, He also requested the Deputy Commissioner of Police (IAS) Bah Garod LSN Dykes and Bikram Marak (MPS) Superintendent of Police of West Jaintia Hills District to take action. to take strict action against those who commit illegal acts along the Myntdu River under Sec 144 CrPC.
Also present at the meeting were Joe Marwein President and Secretary Ian A Lyngdoh Nongkynrih.
Lanosha was afraid to speak but because Kongthei was looking at her face, she said, “Who is it? tell me....
Regarding the MDC scheme questioned by John Kharshiing, Ardent said that the scheme is still in Mukul's plan. Ardent replied to the question whether the Congress government has informed the people before passing the bill. name.
“Many of them have to struggle to move to Shillong and due to lack of income in the families, most of the youth have to drop out of school part-time,” he said.
This does not mean that there will be no peace in the future, but the door is open.
To fight against corruption is not an easy task and to say that the arrest of corruption depends on evidence and documents is wrong. the wicked shall lay witnesses against themselves.
North Liberty HS School won the Under-17 category while HK Singh Memorial Secondary School won the Under-14 Boys category. u District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
You can pay this to the office of the BDO BDO Bhoirymbong and the office will forward the money to the CCMC Lumsohpieng.
When asked how he feels about the participation of foreigners in the elections, Bernard said, “Because there was no rule against them, they have to be allowed. The first task of the new EC of GHADC is to pass laws to protect the minorities.
What did you do when you were CEM in KHADC for the sake of the people?”
He said that at present, the people have no choice but the VPP has given a choice to the people because all parties are the same when it comes to their political activities.
In this regard, the Church requests all the believers to receive this memento as a sign of their solidarity with the Church, and these mementos can be obtained from Blessing GS Road, Motphran, Shillong and from the Church. Pastor RF Kharkrang, Nongsawlia Presbyterian Church, Sohra, said in a statement.
The ANVC-B has decided to return to the forest because it has alleged that the party has lost its confidence due to the police harassment and the disappearance of its members. when they go to their families to celebrate Christmas and New Year.
In particular, the residents are urged to prevent damage to the equipment stored at the office.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Conrad said that any party or anyone can demand to step down, but what is needed now is to look at the the need to restore peace and order in the state.
“I am shocked to see with my own eyes the poor who come to receive the aid, my money is not in vain – it goes to those who deserve it, the rules of Rupang are “I am very pleased that they have kept transparent figures,” said Larisha Kharjana.
This is the pride that destroys them.
He said the AITC under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma is very sorry because in 2011-2012 the government under his leadership (when he was in Congress) sent the documents to the AITC. The Assam government has not taken action to resolve the border issue.
Baweja was appointed on the recommendation of the Public Enterprise Selection Board (PESB), which recognized him as a candidate for the post after being found to be qualified. ka, after conducting a screening among the 11 persons.
Dlan said that on the night of the 25th, the residents asked who these people were and why they were holding and demanding money from the trucks. “I don't know if they check the challans properly or not, how can they check the challans in the dark night,” she said.
Twenty-one teams took part in the parade including the District Police, NCC Contingents of Government Girls Higher Secondary Schools, Jowai, Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Jowai and 18 schools.
There are also pictures on Twitter, showing that these children have fallen and hidden themselves in the shyiap, which is on the beach.
He completed his post graduation in Political Science from Ewing Christian College, Allahabad and Law from the University, Allahabad.
As the residents of this State, we are surprised to know or hear whether there are other States in India like this State.
Speaking after the KHADC introduced the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Bill in the Special Session today, Conrad said the ILP is not within the jurisdiction of the district councils. it’s a law that has to go to the federal government.
Lapang also criticized Prestone Tynsong, who joined the NPP, for his silence on the allegation that Dr Mukul Sangma is a tyrant.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that there are organizations that talk about the time of Noah, they want to erect signs from Sylhet as well.
These groups of teachers also have the right and deserving to demand from the State Government to increase their salaries through share from the State Government after many years. for many years they have received the same salary.
Fourth, in the wilderness of Sin a group of slaves experienced famine and starvation (Exodus 16).
The fable of Aesop also says that the worst answer is waiting to fall into the pit.
How to establish a foundation in the Constitution.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong requests all the residents and the people not to be influenced by foreigners and to reject any news that accuses the village.
Regarding this incident, these Christians are still in fear of lack of protection.
Shillong, June 18: Fenela L Nonglait has been expelled from the HSPDP, Mawthadraishan and West Khasi Hills.
That’s why individual responsibility is so important.
On the 7th, the men will dance pastieh all day long and when the day approaches, the women will start dancing in the style of dance called Kealang.
So, as parents, you should take care of your mental health.
On the same day, Conrad left the field and was replaced by a journalist, who took a mobile phone and recorded video of the match.
Meban Wahlang and Basuk Bina scored for Synrop Football Club while Mark Gareth Shabong, Wanshwa Sohtun and Robert Khongriah scored for Mawlai Phudmuri.
The War Jaintia Students' Union (WJSU), one of the organizations which was established in 2000 and ceased to operate since 2015, has revived itself on 8th November at a meeting held at Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District.
The plan of the Assam Police to set up a police out post in Umwali village, Langpih in West Khasi Hills District has failed after the residents of the area protested. to oppose strongly.
The situation in the Khadar system, in society, in religion, in the country and in the Hynniewtrep people is exactly like this.
Respect for the elderly, the elderly, and the elderly, both men and women, has declined.
The letter was also posted on the website of the education department. The officials confirmed it before sending it to the district authorities to send them for election duty for teachers.
Therefore, I would like to clarify once again that all the rumors that I have joined other parties are false and misleading.
God remembered the covenant with Abraham of old, to Israel as an eternal covenant, saying – “I will give the land of Canaan as your inheritance (which means the Jews), God takes care of you. and he hath rebuked the kings of the earth for their sakes.
“Prime Minister Duh said he is confident that the achievements of the Chandrayaan Maha Abhiyan will take India's journey beyond the moon.
Raghuram Rajan said policies are necessary to take the country to higher levels of income.
Shillong, July 02: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC which has immediately banned the movement of goods vehicles including timber vehicles on the Pala-Saipung road. East Jaintia Hills District.
The two Rangbah Shnongs, including Bah Bur Khongtyngkut Rangbah Shnong Umtyrnga and Bah DS Ranee Rangbah Shnong Jirang Center Village, have requested the government to take action by expediting the roads. assistance to those villages that have been affected and especially to those families who have been severely affected.
More than 500 employees of the JHADC-Staff Association (JHADC) have staged a strike against the lack of salary since November last year. protest at the JHADC headquarters in Jowai.
He knows the history of India and says that Hinduism is the religion of India.
He said that in the new year, the Seng will continue to convey to the Government the demands of the jaidbynriew.
In a meeting with several elders at his residence in Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Babu Linus announced that he will support Bah Pathaw as the National People's Party (NPP) candidate in the current election.
He said that in 50 years the Meghalaya government has not provided anything to the Jaintia Hills in terms of education.
Thus the Gentile world knew and accepted Jesus the Son of God until these times after Jesus ascended to heaven in the cloud.
Is it the Government of Meghalaya's negligence towards the youth of the country or is it because they don't have the responsibility for the welfare of the youth of the country? come when the young men are ready.
The Resident Doctors' Association (RDA) of AIIMS has informed about the protest and the doctors have raised flags as a sign of protest against the bill.
Khliehriat, November 05: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday inaugurated the Cla Rin-23 Resort at Narwan village, East Jaintia Hills District. Shadap from Dkhiah East who has created a beautiful landscape in collaboration with his family.
“As in Pynursla, there is a rumor that those who took money from Bah Prestone during the elections say that if they don't support him, the devil Rngaiñ will eat them.
“The vision of the NEP is that all children of India should have the same education and the same opportunities to learn," he said, adding that this will not be limited to the opening of school.
“The two leaders in a statement said that the AJYWO has spoken clearly to the government and stands firm on the ground that at present, they cannot accept the railway line in the district.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills FC beat Smit FC 1-0 in the First Division of the SSA at Polo Ground, Shillong today.
The GARO doesn't understand the KHASI in politics. It is his right to accuse and say that because he himself as a minister is only the remote control of Conrad Sangma and what he says is what he says. (Conrad) has to agree and say YES SIR or SALAM SIR. And regarding the allegation that the VPP leader by saying that he is gathering the crowd, at first glance he is not a Khasi, so that he know the opinion of the people and the people, shall be explained so that he may know their opinion.
Jaiaw Shyiap, Lum Pyllon and Cleave Colony were also awarded the cleanest village in the city.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in Sohra today has reached 243.6mm between 8.30 am and 8.30 pm.
This can be confusing for many writers especially school children.
PT said that he joined the Congress through the encouragement of his supporters from Mawlai constituency in order to bring about many development projects in the constituency.
The President of the UDP Women's Wing, Robila Mylliempdah, said that the Jowai Constituency has worked hard for the UDP to win.
The thma is located here in the temple.
Mukul congratulated NESFAS for bringing together people from all over the world.
However, Riewlum and Nonglum are the same but the tairai is different because Riewlum is salonsar and Nonglum refers only to the people from the surrounding area.
There are 47 cases in East Khasi Hills, 15 cases in Ribhoi, one case in East Jaintia Hills and three cases in West Garo Hills.
A source from the bank said that this happened after a person came to deposit 1 lakh 50 thousand tyngka.
Initial investigation, the Custom Department learned that the phensdyl drugs were smuggled from Silliguri and intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh via Agartala.
D (NEHU) Dr. Samalayanki Nongtdu, Ph.D.
It is said that Dr Fasutus sold himself to the devil in order to increase his knowledge, knowledge and wisdom.
Why didn't Israel get the Temple? Since 70 AD, Israel has not had a Temple.
Explaining about the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang, he said that the purpose of the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang is to help the poor and needy, whether it is through materials and Money as well and this is also part of attracting them to Islam.
It is understood that the employees will accept the proposal of the management to pay only T.15,000 per min to purchase emergency necessities after 10 months of not receiving salary.
The new office bearers of Jaintia Hills Zone: President: Tuesday Lytep Vice President: Danny Shadap & Marhok Marboh u Nabait Ymbon Information Secretary: Alphrin Dkhar Assistant Information Secretary: Welking Swer Education Secretary: Deihok Sumer Assistant Education Secretary:  Reyoo Plang Sports Secretary: Dauni Phawa, Assistant Sports Secretary: Wympher Wann Disciplinary Secretary: Batsciplincio Mulshiang Assistant Secretary Myrshim Five Executive Members were also elected.
But they will stand together gracefully even until the last breath.
According to US intelligence, 1,700 photographs and videos of ISIS have reached 200,000 people on Twitter and other social media.
He questioned why the authorities of the schools were not included and why the works were carried out according to the will of the contractor, without giving consent to the school principals.
Shillong, July 13: Meghalaya's karate athletes have won 109 medals and been named Overall Team Champions at the Kanninjuku Training. Camp-cum-National Shoto Cup Karate Championship 2023.
The raid was conducted by the Shallang Police Station in Rongjeng on receipt of a tip that some members of the gang were still living and hiding in the Rongjeng area. One of the members was identified as Bilbil M Sangma from the same village.
Those who spread it have the ability to deceive viewers/listeners/readers into feeling that the rumor is true! To what extent does the public have the intellectual capacity to distinguish between what is true and what is false? Not everyone has the knowledge to find out for themselves what is right and what is wrong.
However, at the same time, it was reported that the incident has been resolved yesterday in the presence of the government authorities of Amlarem Sub-Division, police and the residents.
Two of them are from Saiden (Ri-Bhoi district), one from Langkyrding, one from Happy Valley, one from Laitumkhrah and all three from East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, March 06 : U Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee for the Demarcation of West Khasi Hills, on Thursday said that the deployment of CRPF personnel on the border will be only in those who have no peace or those who have no peace.
Why? Because you are never satisfied.
According to the report received by KHNAM, the water from the Municipal top is safe to drink while the water from the PHE is not safe to drink. The report says that before drinking, it is necessary to clean or filter the water to kill the bacteria.
In the All Rounders category, Hardik Pandya is second behind Shakib Al Hasan who holds the top position.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today laid a wreath in front of the Secretariat, offices of political parties at the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
In fact, God put man in a garden of peace, the garden of Eden.
Speaking on the occasion, the people said that the presence of many candidates from the ethnic parties may not give more support to the Congress but it is those who say that there are many votes of the Congress which will be lost because of the presence of many candidates. candidate.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, on Tuesday said that the proposal of MeECL to the government for He said that the demand for the establishment of the C&RD Block has been long overdue and the government has not announced anything. “We have offered 3 acres of land in Mawpat,” he said.
He said that the price of many drug treatment centers in other places is low and costs up to 30 or 40 thousand tyngka and many families do not come. Poor families cannot be sent to such health centres.
When the French ruled by force in the land of Hynniewtrep Ynñiawwasa and before they fled, they thought that the Khasi people should value more those things which had been destroyed by the French.
/Bank Passbook/Farmer ID by filling up the form through the BLO or online through the NVSP portal or the public can go to the nearest CSC to correct the errors.
That is why God sent the prophet Haggai to tell and proclaim to them at that time.
Who asked the scientist, Don did not answer the missionary.
A case has been registered under Section 364A/506 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at Tikrikilla Police Station. Bikas Chetia of Guwahati, Assam, a taxi driver, was abducted on the 4th of this month from Tikrikilla village.
This decision was taken after one of the patients who was admitted to the Civil Hospital, escaped from the Civil Hospital on the 3rd of this month but 10 days later on the 4th of this month. Police arrested him again at Bimola Point.
(Bah Bindo Lanong, Lawyer, has also been Deputy CM Law, CEM and now Co-Chairman of the State Law Commission).
We must walk with a clear mind and stand firm on our demands and not compromise the welfare of the people”.
On the same day, the RBYF Women Wings Byrnihat Circle elected Twassibon Lapang as President, Maryrose as General Secretary and Barisha Lapang as General Secretary. as Vice-President and others, who are members of the Circle.
When asked about the adhar, the answer from the preacher was, “The adhar is only a sign”.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Congress Leader from Rajasthan and former Union Minister Sachin Pilot on Tuesday said that the MDA coalition government has been formed and signed by The BJP has failed in all aspects whether in terms of employment, growth, provision of schools and other needs of the people of the state.
On the 13th of November, the Government has already prepared the Blue Print on the relocation of the Harijans to Mawbah near the RP Chest Hospital.
Vidarbha won the toss and elected to bat first.
Nongrim Jirang: The border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam has been neglected by the government and the signs of roads, health and drinking water have been clearly seen. , electricity which are the basic necessities are bare.
He said the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to ban the smuggling of Mawshun to Bangladesh.
Meanwhile, NPP MLA James K Sangma has asked the government whether it has the funds to be used immediately if the coal trade in the state collapses due to the NGT ban. “If the ban on coal mining continues, the government's shortage of T.527 crore will increase,” he said.
The issue of discussion was that Nagaland would be allowed to use its own flag, provided it was understood that it would have its own rules.
Fade: means that the light is dark or gloomy.
In Group-D, Mawkriah SC, Them Rangshken ACC, Mawpat SC, Rangdajied United FC and Mylliem SC are the winners.
The sculpture is open until January 11, 2023 when the public can visit it.
This is also after the start of the 2023-24 academic session.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, should remove the Home Ministry from James K Sangma, who is also the brother of the Chief Minister.
Rev Dr Watcyn James spoke on the “lack of faith”. Speaking on the lack of faith, the pastor said it is because many people these days do not have that true faith. , which from the heart and soul is for this reason has caused the Christian children to become weak in faith.
According to Laitumkhrah Police Station 239 (12)16, the IO in charge of the case, Insp.
The House today summoned the CEO of Tura Municipality, Zenithsky J Sangma, following the findings of the Privilege Committee filed by South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma last year.
Rangdajied have never lost a single title in the 2019 OC Blue SPL season (winning five times and drawing nine times) and last lost in the league on 24th March 2018 in Shillong. Lajong FC. In the first half, RUFC took the lead in the 18th minute but Donboklang's header did not score. he stands on the offside.
Regarding the implementation of the WeCard or the assistance that the TMC has promised to provide to women if it comes to power, Bah George said that the TMC when it does this, it really intends to Unlike other parties which select only their own people or employees to implement the FOCUS scheme of 5,000 tyngka, that too only once, but the TMC will provide 10,000 tyngka every five years. one month for one woman from each household.
When these people went to block the weight bridge, it was seen that first the operators of the weight bridge came out, then the Police and Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, who went to request. The HNYF leaders, together with the HNYF leaders, did not listen to the protestors.
Aizawl: The violence between Mizoram and Myanmar has resumed in the past few days over Assam's plan to build a mosque near the town of Bairabi, which is on the border with Assam and Myanmar. that of Mizoram.
On the complaint of those who have just returned and their relatives, that they have to stay for 4 or 5 days in Institutional Quarantine, due to the delay in the results of the tests, Prestone said that they have to stay in Institutional Quarantine for 4 or 5 days. sample every day increases and the government is doing its utmost to complete the tests as soon as possible and the youth should be allowed, because until the results are received, the health department will not allow them. and they shall go to their own houses.
This was after being tested by Chinese health experts.
The meeting was also held to mark the 26th death anniversary of King Wickliffe.
We cannot just ban all the time especially when most of the citizens in this country of ours are poor.
He also gave the example of the 9 dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills which even the council has not benefited from and in terms of employment opportunities for the residents of the area it is not according to the agreement with the factories and many jobs. the three by that bar state.
SGH SP Abraham T Sangma said Marak was a member of the 7th Group of the GNLA and joined the party in October
“The government should follow the policy as it has done in previous years in the recruitment of ANMs,” said MGNSA General Secretary Kong B Thabah. Thursday.
The fare for these two vehicles is T.10 per 1 km.
This is a strong approach, but we must be clear in our indications – where to increase or decrease taxes,” said Dr. Sangma.
Although it is in the midst of various changes, I would like to say that it is up to us to think about the path we will take from now on. That's not the end but we will find the way to reach the goal. If we don't, it's up to us to think about how we have to move forward. but we need to be organized, set a goal and turn to God the Creator to guide us. jaitbynriew"“There is a saying that the sword is sharper than the sword, but there is another saying that there is a great danger if we misuse that sword, if we use it in the wrong way. “The Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who was also present at the meeting, gave his words of encouragement to the Sengbhalang and hoped that the demands will be fulfilled as they have made. “We have been suffering a lot but as organizations we should follow up from time to time, in terms of the preservation of the land and how to protect it from foreigners,” he said. There is a 6th Schedule and we are still demanding ILP and the work is ongoing, but one thing is that we should be responsible citizens. The MDA government has also worked closely with the political parties to protect the country and the nation. On this issue, the government has invited the members of the political parties to discuss and give their opinions. At the same time, the Minister also congratulated the members of the KSU East Jaintia Hills Unit for their continued efforts for the sake of the country and the nation.
“I don't think this is given to the UDP, this is given to the NPP or the PDF, I think this is a way to get the understanding of other departments to get the understanding of all the government ministers,” he said. , said Mr. Lahkmen.
Traditional Khasi songs and music will be played in the Makashang Hills area prepared by the Mattithaw and Lariti Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
But it has been my feeling for many years to change this system," he added.
We don't have the opportunity these days and the truth is that the Khasi Pnar themselves don't have a house to live in, they don't have a house to shop with the villagers. They have moved to the villages, while foreigners have moved to different parts of the city center of Shillong and in the coming decades, we will see that from Malki upwards ( perhaps), there will be a cleanliness, a cleanliness of the race, a cleanliness of the works of the poor and so on and that is among the brothers and sisters.
“Don't misunderstand that this protest belongs to the VPP or me but it belongs to the nation. “I don't know what party but everyone will own this protest,” he said to the crowd.
The film shows the story of two robbers, who go on killing people and is based on the game between a mouse and a khnai, in which these two robbers played. Bollywood's biggest stars, Hrithik and Tiger.
At the same time, the President also appointed retired Chief Admiral of the Navy, Devendra Kumar Joshi as the Lieutenant Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
“The BSF has promised to suspend the BSF but we don't accept to investigate,” he said. “I don't want the BSF to be the police of the state government,” he said.
The BJP's Bernard Marak's move to find out the shortcomings in the administration of the Garo Hills District Council is right.
I am very happy to be here today.
The JAC has vowed that if the dewbilat factories do not implement the new fare by the 31st of this month, they will continue their indefinite strike.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Project Director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) Dr B Dcruce on Friday said that there are more than 6,000 cases of HIV/AIDS in the state. Jaintia Hills has the highest number of cases.
On the criticisms, the Minister said that the Government is elected by the people, but after being elected, they feel that they are wiser, more understanding, more visionary. If they feel that they can do that, then why don't they contest elections for ministers and close festivals.
However, there are also places where the BJP will not be comfortable if there are too many candidates from the opposition parties.
Police have registered a case at Lumshnong PS and charged them under the Foreigner's Act and the investigation is ongoing.
This shows that the NPP cannot recognize Dr Mukul Sangma as the leader of Garo Hills.
Dr Mukul said that besides the government is in an unprecedented shortage of funds, the state has spent T.3 crore for the project in Shillong and Tura and NECTAR has collapsed. money in many needs.
Even the President of the Khasi Authors Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait, has immediately rejected the proposal of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to contest the Lok Sabha elections in It is through the struggle of this group of intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectuals of the country that this demand is still alive today.
The party leaders and followers should have taken time out to allow the people to participate in the meetings, including the meeting to be held by Amit Shah, Raina said. He was speaking at the Maha Jan Sampark Abhiyaan Program which was held to highlight the major achievements of the Narendra Modi government.
The categories include women and men in Under-14, Under-16 and Under
However, Teinwel said that a person's personal will cannot be stopped and his speech is a personal opinion.
Witness this dance Ñiam Behdeiñkhlam from time to time in the villages of Raij Lashem. This shows that this Behdieñkhlam religious dance can be said to be a dance that unites and brings unity despite the differences in many ways.
After arriving at the scene, the staff of 108 informed the family members that they had reported, but when they called them many times, they could not be reached because the number they received was switched off. enough times, they never got to talk to them.
Now we see that only a few wealthy people buy tens of acres of land, especially in those parts of the state where the government plans to build roads or offices or other buildings.
On the other hand, Legal Adviser Reading War and ECC Secretary Pynbait Sutnga said, “In fact, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has already issued an order since 23rd November The government has ordered all coke companies that have received Consent To Operate (CTO) to comply with the rules of the National Green Tribunal. The ECC has visited the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District from time to time, but it is understood that the Deputy Commissioner has not been able to provide protection to the people affected by the fire. The ECC is surprised to see that the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of the district who are entitled to provide protection and who are responsible for the lives and deaths of the people are not willing to do anything. “I don't know why we don't talk about them for three years because they know only how to destroy the lives of the people by doing wrong only during the election period,” said the statement.
“Furthermore, praising the history of the hospital since 1922, Bah DP Wahlang said that the hospital has grown rapidly in all aspects despite many challenges faced by the hospital. few years ago.
Conrad said that in the year 2023-2024, under the PMAY scheme, the Government has released up to T.1600 crore for the construction of 1500 houses and congratulated the MP for taking this initiative. to achieve.
According to the above mentioned issue, I would like to inform the media regarding the counting of bill lights at our house meter no 1219651 as to remind that in July this year u This year according to the meter in our house shows 2535 but the bill light writer writes up to 2535. 2565 is 30 units and the amount reaches 141 tyngka. 2541 but the bill light writer writes 2565 to 2565 which shows 0 units from 0 units the amount he counts is 30 tyngka but the surprising thing is that the bill light for the month of July we have already paid but the bill light writer is still outstanding but now we have to pay back what we have already paid; Hooid for the rich it is a small bill light but for the poor it is difficult to pay what you have already paid and now I request the writer of the bill light to do better from now on so that it doesn't affect us who are poor.
However, his principles and philosophy is to contribute to the supply he has for our people," he said.
Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored the first goal in the 9th minute of the first half.
They also discussed the shortage of doctors and staff nurses in various hospitals, while the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that they have already issued a notice and About 27 candidates will work for the health sector and will be invited for interview in the coming months.
Urging the youth to read more about the life of PA Sangma through his teachings and thinking, the CM said that the greatest honor for him is the memory of PA Sangma. u, and the way to remember him is to walk in his footsteps, that is the way to love our people, the way to uphold his foundations and also to remember to put first country and citizens first.
Both these types of hormones in your body will reduce stress, anxiety and give you the happiness you deserve.
They also extended their special thanks to the Seng Samla Shnong Mawten and the entire village who welcomed them with honor when they returned to the village.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 31 : U Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, Constituent Assembly of East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday expressed his concern over the silence of the leaders of East Jaintia Hills District, who have not said anything regarding the Reservation Policy. The VPP has marched in Shillong to express the need to renew the Reservation Policy.
“The highest turnout was in Mookaïaw constituency with 92.73 per cent, followed by Rajabala with 92.66 per cent, the lowest turnout was in South Shillong with 62.10 per cent followed by East Shillong with 64.69 per cent. %," he reported.
The purpose of this workshop was to open the door for stakeholders to discuss the benefits and challenges of the NEP
There are 4 sub-districts – 12 villages, Mawshuit, Mawjrong-Laitkroh and Lad Mawphlang.
The meeting will be held tomorrow at 2 pm at the residence of the President Rangbah of the party, Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Other office bearers are Mobina Warjri (Finance Secretary), Treasurer, Koting Warjri and Phesting Warjri (advisers), Bankitbok Warjri and Khraw Warjri (auditors) and 25 others. member (Executive Committee).
The party's spokesman, Chandrika, said it was clear that Rahul's leadership alone had not worked.
Now we have to close the National Highway,” said one of the protesters.
They also said that they are grateful to Amit Shah for his efforts to bring peace and order and also to make Manipur as it was in the past.
Therefore, without further ado, without further ado, and in compliance with the Instrument of Accession together with the Annexed Agreement signed by the Khasi States and the Government of India, It would be appropriate for the political leaders of Ri Hynniewtrep in East Meghalaya to find ways and expand their minds to advise the Home Ministry of the Government of India to to create a Hynniewtrep State which shall be included in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Evanrihun Sohshang (1/12), Idatyngkai Marngar (1/19) and Adalyn Fedelia Lyngkhoi (1/30) took wickets.
Being selected as a finalist in the Femina Miss India pageant is a golden opportunity and victory for Irene to showcase her talent.
The RBI has also directed people to go to their banks to register for KYC with documents including Passport, Voter's ID, Driving Licence, Aadhaar Card, MNREGA card, PAN card, letter of NPR, phone number and mobile number.
When asked whether the VPP has decided to appoint foreigners in the Expert Committee, Bah Ardent said, “From the first day we have asked the government to set up the Expert Committee. We don't want the VPP to take all the steps to explain how to amend the policy and that is why we request the government to appoint an Expert Committee”.
The Minister visited the fish farm at Um-eit village in Ri Bhoi District and talked to the fish farmers and discussed their various agricultural activities.
She said that the testing of fish imported from outside the state will continue.
About 5 players from Ri Bhoi under the leadership of Cores Marweiñ as Coach have taken part in the tournament while more than 600 players from all over the state have taken part in the tournament. Daniel Damlong won the gold medal in the Light Heavy Weight Division after defeating Vikas Yadav of Orissa. With the victory, he will be preparing to take part in other bigger competitions abroad.
“We request them to release the bank accounts of the party if they want the elections to be fair and transparent.
Last month, the Shillong Traffic Branch, police have seized about 10 two shaka containing explosives.
According to information received, the state government has donated up to 100 rounds of ammunition of which 49 rounds of ammunition have been handed over to the security forces of the Forest Department who have completed the training.
The SP of West Khasi Hills District, Herbert G Lyngdoh, has been appointed as the SP of the Anti-Infiltration Directorate and the SP of Shillong (City) has been appointed as the Assistant Inspector General (L&O). .
Furthermore, the union sought clarification that if the government has issued a directive to the MPSC, how far has the department started implementing it? “This is after 10 years on 5th June 2018, when the union submitted a petition to the Chief Minister to demand the use of cameras for the MPSC interviews,” said the statement. message.
Police said that the suspect had said that he was going to come to Shillong and stay with his brother Albinus Lyngdoh Nonglait at Rynjah, Shillong.
If there are any who cause trouble, they shall be put to death.
In addition to these groups, there are also groups related to the entertainment industry, entertainment groups, physical education groups, media groups, literature groups, and so on according to their rank and position in the country. society and in humanity.
Development works in all areas including the construction of schools, colleges and others, assistance to farmers, assistance to poor families and villages and others.
Shillong: The Education Department of the State Government will hold a meeting tomorrow morning to take a decision on the conduct of the examinations for the students of Class X and Class XII. The MBOSE has directed the students who have lost their Class X and Class XII examinations due to the Covid-19 pandemic to submit their names by the 21st of this month. On the 23rd of this month, a decision will be taken once the names of these students who have not been able to write their examinations in the past month due to illness have been received. COVID-19 or other unavoidable reasons.
He also distributed piglet seeds through the Rural Backyard Piggery and Poultry Scheme-PROGRESS, where 1392 piglets were distributed to 348 pig farmers and 2500 kuroiler chickens were distributed to 50 farmers. chicken.
Speaking to reporters, the EM of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that Prodipta has been confirmed as a Khasi by the Synjuk Kur Khongwir. He said that the letter was invalid because it was signed without writing the name of the certificate issuer, who claimed to be the Secretary of the Synjuk Kur Khongwir. Latiplang said that the distrust arises because the writing shows that the person who writes does not know how to write Khasi.
There are currently 19 active cases and the highest number of cases is in East Khasi Hills with 8 cases.
“The Chinese Embassy and Consulates General in India will start issuing various types of Chinese visas.
The second match was between Madankynsaw Mookyndeng and Mupliang, where Madankynsaw won 5-2 goals. Cornelius Suchiang scored the goals in the 8th and 39th minutes. Dongri Phawa in the 12th and 56th minutes.
In Manipur, there are 54 new cases of covid-19, including 34 women and 20 men.
Shillong: The SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) have demanded that the government should release the salary which has been pending for four months, from November 2018 to November June 2019 and demanded immediate release and not delay until the end of the 31st of this month.
On the night of the 4th June, the Luka Festival was inaugurated by Marshal Biam as the Chief Guest and Manbha Kyndoh Dolloi of Narpuh District as the Symbud Chief Guest. District Forest Officer, Wildlife, Kong N.Laloo, as the guest of honour.
If you die, you will end up in a more terrible sorrow.
The SDPO , while explaining his remarks , said that he used to meet with the BSF chiefs in Umpling to discuss the issues of the people of the border area that he will try to talk about these issues of the people as well.
The SHM also demanded that the government should fix the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam, based on the maps and documents, sheets of the villages and Elaka under the JHADC. She said that she is ready to give her full support to the government especially to the JHADC in this regard for the demarcation of these border areas.
He said that at Ramakrishna Mission it is true as he told Rupang that even a pick up of color is not enough to erase the Cherrapunjee inscription.
We will lead the BJP to victory in 2014: Modi Shortly after being appointed as the BJP Prime Minister candidate, MR Gujarat Narendra Modi today offered to lead the BJP to victory in The party is expected to win the Lok Sabha elections next year.
generally.
The leaders of the two parties also warned the Assam Government not to disturb the border of the State.
The Minister of State, who is also the National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency for the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections, will launch her election campaign in July
“What is surprising to Moodymmai is that the boundary has been separated when applying for land holding and the name of the land has been issued as 'Lumpomlum,” said Bah Laloo Waheh Shnong Moodymmai.
IAS Chief Electoral Officer, Shillong will inaugurate these lights as the chief guest in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, IAS Abhilash Baranwal, IAS as the chief guest.
On the part of Dr.R.Pohsnem, Sr MO, I/c Nartiang PHC, she spoke about the good deeds of the Nurses in the health of many people.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: Expressing concern over the increasing number of problems in the administration of khadar in the state, the leaders of the Dorbar Ki Rangbah Shnong Ri Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) today held a press conference. In Nongpoh, they strongly condemned the Congress government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma and demanded that he step down as Chief Minister.
Finally, the leaders of the party also congratulated the students, urging them to work hard and minutes so that they can bring the fruits of victory and reach the top of the list. fame.
However, Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak said the government has sought a reply from the officer (Bah Shangpliang) to find out the truth of the allegation.
Khliehriat, July 01: The flooding of parts of the road especially at Tongsneg Bridge, Narpuh has caused a serious threat to the people. Kyrshan Blah, the union demands from the NHAI and gives time to the National Highway Authority of India within a day to repair the bridge at Tongseng Narpuh.
He said that regarding the mid-term elections, there are three MLA constituencies, Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala. The Pradesh Election Committee has met and sent the names to the AICC for approval to contest the candidates whom the MPCC has qualified to send.
On this issue, we see that all the machineries of the government or the villages have failed and even the Election Commission has only conducted the census and here, only the NRC is needed. or the true census to collect information on the number of mynder ri in our State and this is not a small matter and it is up to the State Government to take an example of what happened in Assam and to find and encourage the residents, even if there are only 10,20 people, it doesn't matter.
Before the start of the tournament, a short speech was delivered by the Chief Guest who unfurled the flag and announced the opening of the tournament.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today honored all the athletes from Ri Bhoi District, who have brought fame and glory to the district, through their ability to play well. They have won the title in the Inter District Athletic Meet 2019, which was held recently in Shillong.
The children will have to study for their further education at the Community Center in Dobasipara.
When he didn't have a helper to look after and take care of the cows, he didn't have to go to the market to buy food or other necessities or to get medicine from the doctors.
This morning, this reporter visited the village to see for himself what happened and when he reached Sohiong near the house of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, he found 10 lymbung mawbah blocking the road between the road and saw a crowd of about 30 or 40 women and men in the area.
He said that he would like to thank Bah HM Shangpliang MLA Mawsynram, who has informed the government to recognize synsar as an agricultural commodity. listen and she did it for the benefit of the farmers.
Let us examine and think about our lives. Don't let us be led by the evil powers of Satan as he paid us with love. Let us not let our souls be like Judas who betrayed his soul. lord.
Shillong, July 06 : The Lyngdoh Forest at Nongkseh near Lummawbah, in the past, used to be the residence of Labasa. Speaking at the tree planting meeting held by the NPP Mylliem and NPYF on Monday.
“In fact, the government should have provided healthy food and drink, such as bread and butter, milk, kait and other food items in the morning and provided meat during the morning. day and night but she has given us food that even the slaves or prisoners don't eat,” said the statement.
he fleeth like a lion, and endureth not.
The Government has secured the future of 5 crore smallholder farmers through the pension scheme.
The Minister said that in the last 50 years, we have witnessed many incidents in the border areas and this has resulted in border disputes which have led to violence and bloodshed.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief Guest Nujorki Sungoh said that the government has tried to find ways and means to improve agriculture in the state. He said that the government has already launched the Lakadong Mission, the Milk Mission. and the Piggery Mission, at the same time expressed his satisfaction that this area has received international praise from Shynrai Lakadong.
Shillong, July 05: Congress MDC from Naguapara constituency Dhormonat Ch Sangma has joined the NNP since 2nd July while another independent MDC, Devier M Sangma, has proposed to support the Executive Committee led by the NNP. Sangma has sent a letter to the NPP President Conrad K Sangma regarding his defection from the Congress.
“I like your words very much.
Among those who came forward included Rapborlang Kharbihkhiew MCS, who is currently the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
The Governor said that the University has been involved in illegal activities since 17th March, 2010 and has been operating by order of the Chancellor appointed without the approval of the Visitor. violation of Section 14 (1) of the CMJ University Act,
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Monday warned the Achik Conscious Crime Organization (ACHIK) not to mislead the residents of Shillong. the state in terms of the operation of the Roster system.
The Congress has 30 MLAs including 11 independent MLAs, two from the NCP and one from the North East Social Democratic Party.
The reason why these two organizations have expressed that the smart meter should be explained to the public whether it is beneficial or not should be explained to the public. they don't get light.
The program was held in Pamdaba and Dirang villages. The speakers were Insp C.Ch.
U I Love Talang, who is accused of killing two drivers of commercial vehicles along with five other prisoners, escaped safely from Jowai District Jail on Saturday. I Love You and Ramesh Dkhar were arrested recently on charges of killing Damehipaia Papeng and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh in April this year.
The Kur Phawa Siangshai has immediately denied the allegation by the Dorbar Shnong Saba that the Kur Phawa Siangshai has evicted its own Kur who has been suspected of 'Taro' in Saba Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
One of these missionaries who stood firmly for the cause of the Khasi Hills, especially in the West Khasi Hills, was Fr. Constantine Vendrame, SDB, who was called the Apostle of the Khasi-Jaintia.
There are houses where parents have given too much to their children, until they have risen above them.
It is sad to say that Meghalaya ranks first in corruption in the country, which shows the decline of the ruling party in the state.
Continuing to score 359/4 and top score by 388, Bihar tied for 10 overs before announcing 361/4 in the second innings, setting Meghalaya a target of 391 to win.
In the junior boys (45 kg), South Garo Hills won the gold medal after defeating West Khasi Hills, while East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills won the bronze medals.
The legislators were elected not only to lead for us but also to speak and raise the issues of the state.
Shillong: Students of Tura Government College Students Union (TGC SU) have come forward to support the demand of ACHIK for the establishment of the city. and to assume that the year of registration for the implementation of the roster system shall be from
U PUD U SAM, it seems that we are still being persecuted as time goes on.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that one of the soldiers had just returned from Haryana on July 26, 2020, while the other was a driver of a vehicle, who used to transport goods to the soldiers from Haryana. Assam to BSF camp in Shillong.
The truck (ML 10 A 3987) was driven by Nehbokstar Lyngdoh, 24, and Augustine Momin, 27, was driven by Nehbokstar Lyngdoh, 27 years old. live in Laitjem.
The tourism industry has grown in recent years and through technology and digital channels, these industries will grow even faster.
“For the first time, the chiefs, including the chiefs of the four kingdoms, have already appealed to the court, but their appeal has been rejected and now we will allow them to appeal. once again," he said.
This spirit of hatred came from Satan Lucifer and entered King Herod and now enters the whole world, because Satan knows that only the name of Jesus can turn man from evil.
The 108 vehicle immediately took the injured to PHC in Swer, where doctors found him dead.
At the end of the march, a meeting was held in which all the speakers strongly opposed the Citizenship Act and demanded the implementation of the ILP and MRSSA throughout the State.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Garo Union and the All Ri Bhoi Achick Headmen Association (ACA) Byrnihat have met with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to express their opposition to the speech of Jaiaw MDC Bah. In a meeting with the Prime Minister recently, they said that the issue raised by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC KHNAM from Jaiaw, the implementation of the Rule 1951 that Garo in the Khasi District Council should not be allowed to contest MDC elections or vote is unacceptable.
Three of them were shot by about 30 people wearing masks.
The BJP has sent a letter through the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie to Conrad K Sangma, National President of the NPP and MLA who has been re-elected from South Tura constituency. election.
This is according to a source in the North East newspaper published recently in Guwahati.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said there are various laws for people who engage in illegal activities in the coal mining industry.
Earlier, the employee of NEIGH RIMS had lodged a complaint in the High Court against the non-receipt of MBBS doctoral scholarships by the children of NEIGRIHMS employees from the central government.
Guwahati: U Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of State for Agriculture, today said that the North East will become a major hub for fruit production. for Rs 11,040 crore, to produce oil from fruit trees.
“How can it be that we parents lay the foundation of our children with a foundation that can lead us to destruction?
East Garo Hills – 80.09%, South West Garo Hills – 79.02%, Ri Bhoi – 72.83%, North Garo Hills – 69.35%, Eastern West Khasi Hills – 67.56%, South Garo Hills – 65.56%, South West Khasi Hills – 65.15%, West Garo Hills – 59.82%, West Khasi Hills – 57.52%, West Jaintia Hills – 50.29%, East Khasi Hills – 50.01% and East Jaintia Hills – 44.50%.
The workers started the strike from 10 am to 4 pm.
The bank will resume its services to the people of Nongthliew area from 31st June, 2021 from 9 pm.
This is also one of the colleges that has grown well in the area and has provided excellent services to the youth of the area.
Those who witnessed the incident could not explain the magnitude of the light, but it was seen that it looked like a dish antenna, which spread its lights forward, while the shatrai part , it's dark.
One of the nutrients that our body needs for functions such as cleansing, strengthening the body and the production of collagen is Vitamin C. This vitamin is found in many foods such as citrus fruits – from Ñiamtra and sohjew, sweet fruits, kiwi among others.
Shillong: Replying to a question on the ILP, Conrad Sangma, recalled the statement of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma on 27th November 2013, in which he said, “The government does not want ILP, I don't want to talk about ILP"
Alcaraz has now improved to 34-3 for the season and now has one more victory left to face the two-time champion. Novak Djokovic in the semi final of the tournament.
Mr. R. Kharkongor, Block Development Officer, Mawshynrut C&RD Block, gave the welcome speech and closing speech.
Out of the 12 districts of Meghalaya, drug trafficking is highest in five districts, namely East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and South West. Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
Anupama Pathak, in her speech, in Hindi, said, “If you tell anyone about the problem you are facing and the advice is that you should remove these thoughts, so that they don't thou shalt be saved after death.
What surprised and angered the union is that only 2-3 days after the incident, the police of Umsning Outpost through the Investigating Officer (IO), sent a notice to summon Samla Gabrial. Sunn, Secretary FKJGP Umsning Circle to investigate into the arrest of these foreigners.
The deadline for submission of applications is 05.07.2023 to the Hon General Secretary of the WJDSA, Bah Lammat-oo Laloo.
On the same issue, on the issue of corruption in Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block, and that there was also a theft in the name of an Accountant, Collin Kharraswai, who has been promoted and is now working in Ri. -Lum Garo has lodged a complaint with the Sohra PS, that in his absence, Bah Tngensing Basawiawmoit has signed, and has issued two files for four works, which In fact, there is only one, and through this theft, about half of the money from the DRDA East Khasi Hills has been released for the Black Topping of Rural Road Scheme (BTRRS) which was built under the NREGS. The money was seized through the testimony of BDO Lyngkor Kynjing.
However, you cannot say whether he can win another Congress candidate from these constituencies.
During his visit to Shillong, he met with the people working in this field and they expressed their concerns and he said that this report will be sent to the central government and and to the State Government to do whatever is necessary for them.
“I cannot say how much loss has been caused because if I say it would be like a dream because the ban on coal mining has affected the market and the people in the state,” he said.
At the same time, the Prime Minister expressed his pleasure to visit Jaintiapur where the ancient signs of the Jaintia King are still there.
The Governor was accompanied by the Commissioner & Secretary, Dr. BDR Tiwari, IASlem and others.
The notice said that if the deficit schools fail to provide either CPF or NPS to the employees, they will have to take responsibility.
In Lumdiengjri PS C/No.65(06)2022 U/S 341/324/427/34 IPC, 66(06)2022 U/S 341/506/324/34 IPC and Mawlai PS C/No.45(06) 2022 U/S 353/323/427/34 IPC. After confirming the involvement of the four suspects from the CCTV footage and witnesses to the incident, the suspects were arrested.
On health, he said the government has implemented a new MHIS which has provided assistance of up to T.2 lakh to the sick people when they are treated when they are sick.
On the same day, Bah Sohtun, visited St. Jude SS School, Umpher village, which has been severely affected by the floods. Many of the rooms of the school were flooded and many of the equipment in the school was damaged, including computers, necessary documents and others.
Prestone alleged in the media that he had sent someone to talk to Khan, but Khan denied, “There is no such thing or it is a letter of complaint to the Congress leadership. is it a conversation of understanding?” asked Bah Khan.
Some say India will take 3-4 years.
“Because it was given to the Gentiles” means that God gave the Dome of Rock to the Muslims on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, Israel.
The UDP candidates who filed their nomination papers include Bah Mayraldborn Syiem from Nongpoh, Bathok Nongmalieh from Jirang, Baiahunlang Makdoh from Mawhati and Sunshine Makri from Umsning.
While he was thinking, how can he become a medicine man to help others to get rid of various diseases if he doesn't know the medicines?
(iii) We have noticed the fact that as usual, the political parties release the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Jied-lamkhmat before announcing the date of the election. The Clerk shall have no authority to amend any provision of the Act that has not been made before the announcement of the date.
“Meghalaya is the slowest state to send proposals to the NEC and for that reason, many of the proposals it has sent have never been placed,” said the NEC Secretary. You don't have to spend money on projects in Meghalaya.
For more information please email: nodalofficer@rmplindia.org or phone
They also appealed to the people of the state to support the party so that the party can do many great things for the state and especially if the people are willing to support the party. The party will come to power after the 2023 elections and will be able to do many things for the change in the state, they added.
Besides this incident, 71 shops of the residents were also destroyed by the Assam officers.
After this announcement, they are banned from driving trucks through these roads and if anyone violates these roads, they will be punished according to the rules of law.
On the other hand, the owner of Rupang newspaper, Bah RM Shabong, in his speech, said that the assistance they received was through the generosity of some people.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has also been directed to lodge a complaint with the court against those who violate the court order.
I've been dressed in such a beautiful color and I've been honored to be proud like others. I've been a stupid person, but only because I'm a stupid person. If a person from his own family receives the title of Prime Minister, he shall be given the title of 'Prime Minister'
These helps were given by the Father.
However, from within their hearts and souls, they are still full of deceitful thoughts, and that is that if they come to power, they will be able to increase their trade, inheritance, employment, wealth and fame. They have violated the rights of the people in many ways and in many ways.
Sanyo Morning 4.
Deputy Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills, Ma Garod LSN Dykes, reminded that after the opposition of the village leaders and civil society organizations of War Jaintia Hills to open foreign trade between India and Bangladesh through the Land Custom Station, Tamabil, Dawki, temporarily suspend the order issued on 6.7.2020 to resolve this issue which may affect the peace and order of the people in the area.
“Their hard work will not be in vain, but they will reap the fruits of victory when the time comes to release the results,” said the President of the PDF. Leaders of the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Drivers Association (MTDA) today visited the National Highway 44 (E) Shillong Tura and PWD road areas across the district. Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah PD Sangma, to ask for clarification regarding these revenue collection gates.
Shillong, March 30 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday approved the inquiry into the alleged collusion between the State Government and the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
Lanosha stayed in Sor for two years while studying in Class One and Two.
Nongpoh: Speaking on the election campaign in support of Kong Rona Khymdeit, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh and Metbah Lyngdoh, UDP MLA from Mairang, urged The people of Nongpoh Constituency, that at this time they should understand and it is time for them to give their full support to the UDP and win with honor for Kong Rona Khymdeit.
Your speech shows that you don't have anything to say.
Referring to the candidates from various political parties who are contesting from North-Shillong constituency, they expressed their hope to reach the goal after casting their votes in the North-Shillong constituency. It's God's Day.
Robert Kharjahrin, while explaining the rationale of the JAC, said that the JAC does not want to happen again in the state as it happened in 2948 when the IOA was forcibly signed. He said that it is the right of the government to seek permission from the KHADC when it intends to take land anywhere in the area under the jurisdiction of the KHADC and it should not be forced.
Sources said that the police department has sent security forces around the area to check for any differences that could disrupt the Independence Day celebrations.
At the same time, the government has directed the Ministers and Parliamentary Secretaries to hoist the flag on this day.
The poorest states are Dadra and Nagar Haveli (27.36 per cent), Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh (12.58 per cent), Daman & Diu (6.82 per cent), Chandigarh (5.97 per cent). Puducherry, with 1.72 per cent of the poor, Andaman and Nicobar Islands (4.30 per cent) and Delhi (4.79 per cent), is much better than these other small states.
When they are sick in the hospital for three or four months, they don't want foreign husbands to comfort them, they say 'they are sorry'; they want sons.
Speaking to reporters, the Seng leaders also criticized the state government for its inability to provide medicines in hospitals and government health centers where most of the patients and consumers have to buy medicines themselves from pharmacies due to the government's lack of attention to the provision of medicines.
The song Naatu Naatu was sung by Ram Charan and Jr NTR and has been played all over the country especially in places where there are no medicines.
She said that the incident happened at 2 pm and as the wind blew stronger and stronger.
Shillong, Lber 28: The State Government has announced the nomination of MDCs each for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC after the MP elections. “At present we have not thought about this issue, we are still busy with the elections,” said the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The KSU also urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Department, Ampareen Lyngdoh to visit the CHCs and PHCs in Mawsynram and to visit the CHCs and PHCs in Mawsynram. The union should urgently inspect the Civil Hospital or 100 Bedded CHC in Mawkyrwat to find out the shortcomings inside the hospital. there are no shortcomings here.
They were requested to stop setting up this facilitation center or foreign check gate as the talks are ongoing.
Shillong: U Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn today sent a letter to the Director of MePCL, Lumjingshai Shillong regarding the lack of lineman to look after the electricity supply in the village. Poet.
“I have won now,” said Peter in his heart. “Son, I am glad you have accepted my advice,” said the mother who was coming out of the kitchen. I have memorized your silver words and I will always remember them in my heart," said Peter. "Those children are only sleeping in the night and I am different from them," said the mother. of the mother they listened to Peter.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the Ministry has already issued a public notice on this project and by the end of July, all the works will be completed.
For more information, please call The 1st Knock Out Football Tournament 2018, organized by the Kynshi Bangla Social and Cultural Sport Club (KBSCSC) has been concluded. you lost.
Those who stand on the ground and do not criticize others.
According to Mawphor, Bah Arjun Nongshli is one of the hardworking men who earns his living by day labour.
Mawkyrwat, July 11: The Seng Samla Hima Langrin (SSHL) in a spirit of concern and responsibility over the violence against the power of the Hima, the children of thousands especially the division of power into two parts of the Kingdom.
Tel Aviv: Heavy fighting between Israeli troops and Hamas militants continues in western Israel 24 hours after militants launched a surprise attack on the capital. of Israel.
Please stay at home during these days of curfew.
Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.
At the same time, it was announced that the government will pay a fee from 500 tyngka to 800 tyngka to the ward members.
As soon as the Fourth Temple is built, the greatest tribulation will begin, as Jesus said.
Easterland Iangrat tied for 20 runs while Aristerwell Suting took three wickets in four overs.
Many villagers think they are bands for the CAA, but they don't know anything about the Coronavirus.
The drones will travel at a speed of 125 kilometers per hour and will deliver stingy items, including tea and coffee, to a distance of 5 kilometers from their headquarters in Mitchell. don't go to Canberra.
According to information, many schools support provincializing only the service of teachers, and let the government once again propose to schools this time to provincialize only the service of teachers. JACATAM leader Dr Laloo said that the government cannot just take over the post of teacher. as demanded by JACATAM because if it intends to do so, it will have to consult with the school authorities or the Managing Committee (MC).
The prize money for the winners of the competition will be a cash prize of T.3,000, T.2,000 for the second place and T.1,000 for the second place winners. third place.
On the 15th of November, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, launched a petition on the overpayment of ASHA workers. Kyrdem Public Health Center (PHC) which has received up to T.82,000 as performance incentives and salary for up to six months.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, has praised the MDA-I Government for taking the step to resolve the border issue in the first place. cannot be satisfied one hundred percent.
The village headmen have informed the Mawhati MDC, Bah Charles Marngar and the MDC has taken action to search for the suspect in collaboration with the Umsiang Outpost.
The 1st Sohiong Constituency Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was held at Marpna Stadium, Sohiong today.
"It's nice to be alone, especially when I don't have a mother and father," said Kynsai in his heart.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has requested all Fair Price Shop dealers to complete the distribution of rice by 30th November, 2022 using online e-Pos.
Ms. R Lapasam explained in detail how to fill up the form and how to prepare for the CUET examination which is conducted through computers.
Reshma Thapa took three wickets for 15 runs, Hajong took two wickets for 12 runs and Mansi Anand took two wickets for 33 runs.
After the dissolution of the Janata Party, Vajpayee formed the BJP along with LK Advani in
Nongstoiñ, November, 1: The Dragon Fruit, the most expensive fruit in India, is best grown in the Langpih area. to confirm through the investigation of this reporter, while trying to investigate in more detail the cultivation of soh and pai in these areas.
He said that if the State Government delays in punishing the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherish, the group will hold a rally in Shillong.
“The state government has signed an agreement between the government of India and the NDP for various projects and the allocation is not only T.632 crore but the state has received up to T.731.2 crore from the for the year 2022 to 2026 and this money will be for three departments, Tourism, PWD and Sports,” said Prestone.
The Minister said that this is not a task that can be done immediately, and the Government is looking for ways to pay the salaries of the employees of GHADC. Before Christmas, the Government helped to pay 2 months salary.
Therefore, when the CAA 2019 [Section 3(4)], stipulates the Sixth Schedule, that is, when we turn only to the State of Meghalaya, we should also turn to the Sixth Schedule. There is no protection for us by the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, that is, it is not for the State Government of Meghalaya to take the lead, but for all three of our District Councils to tell the truth as the long, that is, whether the provisions of the Sixth Schedule can protect us from the illegal influx of people whether Indian or foreign.
What is more surprising to hear is that the MLA of the area is the owner of Tangri village, and when we look back at the village of this MLA, the villages are still very backward especially. in relation to roads and others.
When we disobey, it means we have pride and God fights against it as the Word of God warns “Likewise, ye younger, be in subjection to the elder.
This policy of MeECL will cause a lot of problems to the job seekers, he added.
He said that in this budget, the council has not allocated enough money to preserve the customs and traditions or to build the ingsad. responsibility for promoting tribal traditions.
Unauthorized vehicles may not be used during the event or procession.
Grace Kharpuri, MDC, D Majaw, owner of Smoky Falls Resort were the Chief Guests and others.
In the meeting with the CEM, John said that the Chief Executive Members have requested the draft prepared by the KHADC on the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule so that they can monitor. and to check for other defects.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and a delegation from KHADC led by Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Titos W Chyne at the Secretariat on Tuesday.
Challam Milliagot and speech by the Chief Guest, Minister of State for Social Welfare Disaster, Kyrmen Shylla MLA. there are different.
She said that the fair is a platform where people can get a lot of information and services that will benefit them in the field of health to protect themselves and their families. from communicable and non-communicable diseases.
They were arrested on Monday and the investigation is ongoing.
The Word of God says – “Until the fullness of the Gentiles is finished, the time comes for Israel to be saved.
I believe that this book can help us in looking at our country and nation in a new way.
The HNYF leader said that the Assam signboard has been erected inside the area, which also shows the HNYF that it may be a secret intention by Assam to destroy the area. The area is located near Assam.
Jowai: U Anthony Sumer, a young man from Ratacherra village, Narpuh district, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed his desire to contest as the MDC candidate from Narpuh constituency of JHADC. He has completed his graduation and has been involved in many activities for the development of the society of Jaintia Hills.
Andrew, who is also the MDC of Jowai Central, has condemned the MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla, who has expressed his opposition only in words, but has not said anything.
“The former Mawlai MLA has requested the police department to take action and punish those who spread false and insulting news.
In order to remember the contribution of those three stars, the words of peace were announced as follows: Bah Tanbor Swer, you are a poet of traditional and contemporary Khasi lyrics and music.
On the same day, the Principal issued a notice to honor Bhalang on the following day at 10 pm.
“When we asked the children, they said that they don't get lunch and they get it once a year, but they get it 2 or 3 times a month. “It's a message from the office which we don't know,” said Bah Kharnaior.
Meghalaya will face a strong opponent Karnataka today.
It may be recalled that since the beginning of the closure of shops in Iewduh and other areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC, the EM of KHADC Trade Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor said that there have been 52 shops. The shops have been closed down by the Trade Department and these shops are trading illegally without trading licenses and also those who have not renewed their licences.
Mexican officials took away the truck and all the seized drugs.
However, this time he appealed that if there are such people, they should forget and change their minds for the benefit of the society and the development of the country.
Shillong, June 13: A strong earthquake has struck the eastern part of the North East last night, accompanied by heavy rain, cold and wind. The houses were affected from Mawshun and further west on the road to Dawki.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai said, “To get schemes in the villages is not easy, and to stay in one place you can't see the schemes but you have to fall. to go and follow until I get it".
In a petition submitted to Sangma, the HYC said that the building of the school was inaugurated on the 17th July this year by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. The school does not have electricity or any other equipment.
For the past 55 years, former Mawlai MLA, Bah SD Khongwir, has been the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum.
But as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
Therefore, the people cannot afford to take their relatives outside the state for treatment.
Hek urged the residents of the state to wait for his answer and said, “If they don't respond as residents of the state, we should protest”.
Amit Shah has become a Hindi teacher in Meghalaya.
She urged the farmers to turn back to the old farming methods to preserve this important crop.
Knowledge is a tool to open the way, to shape a person to have knowledge, knowledge, understanding, skills, training to stand on his own feet, in his own skills, and it opens the door to man's ability to fly around the world.
Russia has demanded that Ukraine not form an alliance with the West in NATO and has demanded that the West not deploy weapons in the country. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, speaking to reporters, said: “We don't want there to be a “We must stop completely from NATO's expansion, the building of weapons and NATO's strengthening,” he said. "We must stop Ukraine from joining NATO.
The Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh was the chief guest in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, District. Bah MB Syiem, officers and employees of various government departments, village leaders, members of SHGs and others.
The parties or candidate holding the meeting shall take responsibility to arrange with the traffic police to avoid congestion and disruption of traffic on the highway.
The ATM at Mission Compound, Mawkhar and Jaiaw, Khyndai Lad, Jaiaw, Khyndai Lad, has been standing in line at night to reach the ATM. Many people have to stand in line until 12 o'clock and many people have to go home just because the ATM box has run out of money and in the morning the ATM doors are closed. open but empty with no money.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday heard a PIL filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai against the KSU Moopyut Unit, the Waheh Shnong of Moopyut and seven others. sit as parties in this case.
The Shillong-Dawki road has been funded by the Japan International Corporation (JICA) and the song 1 from Umshyrpi to Baniun will also include the construction of a flyover.
The incident has been taken over by the magistrates for further investigation, in the presence of witnesses.
Through the hard work of this Mission in collaboration with the State and UT, more than 10.27 crore households in rural areas have now received water through pipes in just three years.
I'm working for Renault and Hero Company, I'm working as a driver for 2 places. I'm working as a driver. .
The elections to the GHADC will be announced soon by the government, he said.
The income from the coal mining industry will reach only a few officials while the people will no longer be able to work in the coal mining industry.
Sama Auguster said that the secretary of the MPSC had admitted that the announcement came from the Forest department and for that reason, the announcement was made by the MPSC. Those who have been displaced from East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) who are residents of Meghalaya or who intend to stay permanently in the state or India, who have valid documents as citizens of India, can apply for this job. .
When asked how the policeman dragged the civilians into the police station and bombed and tied them, the President said, “The policeman said also to our leaders that they should not seize such illegal vehicles...his purpose is to help those illegal immigrants or whatever...or that he is involved In this case, he does not want the people or the organization to find such cases.
Furthermore, the youth wing has decided to build a house for the family and requests the Sengbhalang groups and leaders to come forward to help the family so that they can get a house to live in. to escape the rainy day and even to eat, drink and study.
Dental Surgeon, SNO National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP) among others.
“We have five priority priorities and those are roads for all, electricity for all, housing for all, information for all and water for all.
“We cannot allow ourselves to look at the villagers because of the huge loss of livelihood, this change of color of the water and the acidification of the river has killed all the dohum, affects the health of the people who use it. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the leader. “Only by filing a complaint with the NGT can we get the reason for the change in color of the Lukha River.
Hek replied to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralbon Syiem.
Bible scholars explain that these later letters show that the thought of Jesus' second coming motivates people to continue to renew and purify life here on earth.
The voice of the people in the state was heard, and those who did not vote should immediately leave the dorbar thawaiñ.
However, he took them to buy food from a village shop and while buying food at the shop, it was reported that he had dropped the date and it was his four-year-old son who informed him that he had drop the date.
He said that only West Garo Hills has been selected to receive funds for the construction of the project through the Ministry of Minority Affairs of the Union Government.
As part of the information, the police have urged the public to check the website of the state police department @ and @.
The Forum said that they have received information through the media that the NPP has decided to nominate Bah WR Kharlukhi as its candidate. Several political parties in the state have urged Bah Paul Lyngdoh to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the joint candidate for the Rajya Sabha elections.
Out of these 7 Directors, some have worked for only 12 months and some have worked for 4 or 5 months. was replaced.
Meanwhile, Bah Klenning Myrthong, Sordar of Domkseh Village, said that the residents of Domkseh Village have been facing many problems for decades due to the deterioration of the road and the distance of the road which is only 8 kilometers from Nongshilong to Lum. Mawthadraishan but the vehicles had to travel for 10 hours.
After leaving the UDP, the UDP leaders said that they will leave to support Macdalyne S. Sawkmie, the candidate from Nongpoh Constituency and those who will follow her. Macdalyne S. Sawkmie will not join any party.
While they are still low paid, they are allowed to wear a Khasi mother as a permit to work.
However, later, another of the leaders of SBUK, who conducted the meeting, Bah KW Nongrum, clarified that it was not T.25, but T.25,000 which the government had donated.
Flexible : means that it can be flexible; The son is not able to do whatever he wants.
After being rushed to the hospital, the woman succumbed to her injuries.
He said that in Shillong, where there are many people, all security measures have been taken to arrest the robbers.
After receiving information about the signboard erection by the VDP Am-ih, the leaders of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong have lodged a complaint with the Saitsama Outpost Police Station.
West Rim, Mexico.
She has been a prominent player in the past years and has brought the country to fame and glory after winning the French Open 2016 in She defeated Serena Williams in the final and also became the 2017 Wimbledon champion after winning the final against Venus Williams.
At the meeting, it was decided that the office of the Council of Traditional Dorbar will be temporarily located in the District Council.
Hek said that many MLAs, MDCs, former MLAs and former MDCs have come to express their desire to contest the election from the BJP party. Hek said the BJP party is open to welcome these MLAs who have already discussed whether to contest the election from the BJP. He said that if the BJP comes to power in 2023, Hek will not be able to hold the post of Chief Minister.
Let us not be selfish, selfish, selfish, selfish and blind, just because we have been blessed.
“I don't know that, Bahnah...” said Deisy. Bahnah was shocked to hear that women were talking about him.
“We suspect that it is the politicians who advise them to do this for personal gain,” said the Secretary of the teachers' union.
The first dance was held at Mawkhar at the present headquarters of the Seng and after that it was moved to Polo and due to the large number of participants it was moved to Madan Weiking, Jowai. dancing to this day.
It was in the second month of July that those people came to see the work that Ferdinan called Ban to inform him of this.
Convener, speaking to the media today, the leaders said that so far there are more than 80 members who have come to join themselves but as the days go by, the registration of members is continuing every day. .
“To achieve this goal, we must invest in roads, transportation and others,” he said.
The party fully supports the CEM of KHADC who has stood firm on the basis of being a people's leader to protect the minority community under the 6th Scheduled on the appointment of Rangbah Shnong.
It is learned that the incident happened at 5:30 pm, due to the heavy rainfall in the past 6 days, the ground has shaken and collapsed in these 3 houses. Only the bodies of Imdad Nongrum, Saira Ahmed and Feroza Khan have been recovered while the bodies of Kaiyam Uddin Ahmed and Rajiya Ahmed are still being sought.
I am happy to receive a donation for the needs of this hospital in these years, so it encourages us to do what is right and good,” said Bah Nongrum.
The incident happened while the Incharge of Jengjal PS and his team were returning from Gabil when they saw an unidentified GNLA cadre who was well armed and walking on the highway wearing a scarf. The suspects were planning to kidnap two traders from the village and put them inside the vehicle.
He said the investigation team will take all necessary measures to install security measures at the petrol pump if necessary.
“There have been 1098 violations, 46 vehicles and 255 people have been arrested after being found in violation of the lockdown declared by the Government of India from October 2020 to 4 July said Ma Lakmen Rymbui.
However, when asked whether the KHADC has decided to use the fund allocated T.20 crore for not allowing the state government to build this road, Bah Khyriem said, “If the CEM has removed “It's a mistake to take this decision to improve this road, as it was agreed with the Sengbhalang.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MPB) has invited these VECs to discuss the issues related to the 88 VECs of Laskein C&RD Block. The Meghalaya State Planning Board (MPB) has held a face-to-face meeting with Rangbah Shnongs, Secretaries Shnongs, VEC Office Bearers as Chairman. , Secretary, and Women's Organizations of 88 Village Employment Councils (VECs) in Laskien C&RD Block, on 6th October 2014 and met with more than 130 leaders of these 88 VECs under the Laskien C&RD Block. to listen to their views and opinions on their work and especially the challenges and benefits of the Mahatma Gandhi NREGS/NREGA scheme, IAY scheme and others.
I think this year too, the same should be done, only compulsory subjects.
It is the largest group of 45 MLAs in the 59-member Assembly except Sohiong which will not hold elections.
I congratulate Shivraj Singh Chauhan for being in government for many years but he has done better to achieve this glorious victory.
However, after the elections, we have worked together and I would like to say that we have worked together for five years to take the state forward and we will continue to do so with the same spirit,” he said.
