There have been other petitions, which have been filed today, seeking permission to sell the coal, which has been mined and stored in the coal mines, but this too has been rejected by the court. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has issued an order to sell the coal outside the crematoria, but this will be in accordance with the rules of the National Green Tribunal (NGT). The sale of coal to the Katokey Committee.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has questioned whether Dhar Construction Limited has received permission to quarry stone along the Wah Umïam which passes through Umlaiteng village. which continues to the southern villages of Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, Bah Myralborn said that it is not easy to achieve all these goals at once, but on his part, he will try as much as he can to achieve these goals and expectations. the people, especially this time, he has been able to join hands with the state government.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul Sangma has met with the people from the village leaders to investigate and to know the truth from the beginning about the huri hura and confusion caused by the border demarcation and many of the people and village leaders. They also rejected the decision of the government by alleging that it is an emergency decision of the government which has forcibly adjusted the border of the state without taking into account the opinion of the people and without verifying the documents of the state. The Hima and Dulir as these villages which have been annexed to Assam belong to the Hima Mylliem.
Our young people feel that they will stay young, will never grow old and will never experience poverty and death.
The Seng urges the incoming MLAs not to conduct family business under the scheme of the people, as it was found that CGI sheets or tin sop houses amounting to T.3,43,98000, three crore four have been purchased. The Seng recommends that schemes signed by the MLA, organization without name or seal and signed by the BDO. , without the knowledge of the village are not harmful to the people or the villages so it is advisable not to leave the village.
Shillong: After receiving complaints from the residents that the influx of foreigners to work in Upper Shillong and Mylliem is unrecognized, they are the foreigners and this has disrupted the movement of the villagers. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle on 26th June 2022 raided the workplaces of several Khasi contractors. About 40 foreigners have been arrested for illegally working without any proper documents under the Inter State Migrant Works Act
President Seiñraij Jowai Hercules Toi delivered the keynote address and Bah Arwotki Sumer General Secretary Seiñraij Jowai delivered a speech on the Shad Sukra.
He said the law should be for both men and women.
About 400 copies of each Act have been distributed and printed by the Directorate of Printing and Stationery of the Meghalaya Government, the Secretary to the Law Department said in a statement.
Shillong: Nongthymmai SC beat Sohiong SC 3-1 in the 2nd Division match on Saturday.
These Africans are football players and intend to go to East Jaintia Hills to participate in the football tournament at Mosiang Lamare.
During the inspection today, between the officials of NHAI and MeECL, they found that at the site where the Nar Bridge is proposed to be built, there is a problem with the electricity posts. They have decided to relocate these electricity posts to suitable places and to avoid any interference in the construction of the Jingkieng Nar.
Police have found that these drug traffickers used to use their houses to commit these illegal activities and advised the owners of the houses to check the people before they leave. The Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.
“At the time when the SOT police came in four vehicles, I was not at home but my brother and relatives were there.
He said that another problem is where to put the places to raise or lower the children as many places have already been used by the people who earn their living on a daily basis.
The Behdienkhlam Niam is a religious ceremony of the Ynñiaw Wasa and the Trekirot.
I just hope it will be like that, maybe they will change their minds and think of me again.
The meeting was held by the two sides in order to remove the issues related to the upcoming elections, in order to bring about reconciliation between the two sides and to ensure that the work is done. they walk steadily.
Police said the five suspects were involved in 20 kidnappings in Gro Hills and were arrested after the arrest of Hafizur Rahman, a resident of South Salmara, Assam. , who was arrested in South West Garo Hills.
Last month, the HSPDP had lodged a complaint with the Governor against the appointment of PS by the government which is against the law and against the amendment of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries. Act, 2005.
Accompanied by senior officials of PWD, Urban Affairs and Forest and Environment, the CM also inspected the PWD office, Phan Nonglait Park, Brightwell Bunglow at Barik Point, Anjali Point and Polo. .
In a statement, TEA President D Malang and Assistant Secretary A Passah have sent a letter to the President of Meghalaya Cements Ltd, Thangskai. Arun Kejriwal (AVP) and Umesh Kumar, GM Mines, have been arrested and demanded their immediate dismissal for their involvement in the incitement and incitement of the police to bomb the people. after a clash broke out between police and residents during a public hearing yesterday.
Another 1,865 projects worth T.60,250 crore are scheduled to be completed by July
MAKO would like to thank Shri Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, Meghalaya and Shri Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri, Meghalaya for their blessings to the team.
Before continuing, this article also commemorates the Black Flag Demonstration on 27.06.1952TRH under the French (from 1774 to 14.08.1947): As we all know, the French rule “ British Raj" in India consists of three parts:-"British India" (e.
According to the proposal, the Minister informed to allocate another T.5 crore from the state budget for the construction of accommodation for doctors, nurses and staff at the hospital.
In this regard, the public notice has informed all the owners of coal who have already been counted/surveyed, those who have not yet sold at auction, that all the owners of coal under the areas yet to be counted have directed to apply for transit pass (TP) immediately from the offices of the Deputy Commissioners of the districts, in order to transport coal from the mines to the mines recognized by the CIL. It said that if coal is found outside the census list and from the said areas, it will be confiscated and punishment will be imposed on the coal owners under the provisions of the MMDR Act,
It is also time for the State Police Chiefs to work with the Transport Department to improve the issuance of licenses so that those who apply have to meet all the requirements before receiving them.
He said that many have received the money so far.
This reporter visited Borsara Village near the Lukha River and saw shiah signs cut about 150 meters from the Indian border. You don't have to go to Ri nongwei now.
That one of the seven Pansngiats, one of the seven Kingdoms, the Seven Pansngait, the Seven Kingdoms, shall descend to earth through the golden bridge on Mount Sohpet Bneng.
“We have sought the assistance of agencies and experts who can give advice on how to use AI in the upcoming Dorbar.
In Muslims, Maulvis are men and women are not allowed to enter mosques.
The merchant who waits only for the mercy of the people and the rich merchant get the same amount of time. But why do everyone cry? It is true that poverty makes us not feel satisfied at all. .
He also denied that he has any criticism of any MLA who is in the MDA Government and said that he has no criticism of any MLA who is not in the MDA and all the decisions have been taken. The MDA government has not agreed with all the MLAs in the government.
At the same time, she said that the statements of the Prime Minister regarding the TUR campaign, she said that it is a right in the Constitution and cannot be accused of being a bad idea, especially When there are incidents of corruption that affect the people and if anyone comes forward to speak, they use those laws of their own.
SBI employees, more than that,, this bah pat, has too little.
Hugh Jackman, as part of his preparations for Deadpol 3, has taken the initiative to spend time in the gym where the actor really wants to improve his body to fit the role in the film.
Shillong, Nailar, 12: The Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday expressed his regret over the failure of the State Government to speak against the word The Village Council was introduced in the amendment to the Constitution of India during the recent meeting of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
In 2015, at the COP-21 summit in Paris, India agreed that 40% of its electricity generation will come from non-fossil fuel sources by
Both Sharath and Sathiyan praised the two young players of Maharashtra.
Yes, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has decided to use the Saiñkylla Dalakari as the native Khasi language because it is not yet understood and is still used in English Revolution.
Tend : the root of the tree is the one that turns inside; I don't know what to do.
“The test, which we are using now, can tell all Americans whether they have the disease within 10 hours, instead of waiting for days to know. The company will be operational from 30th October and will be very profitable and time-consuming,” said Alex Azar, Secretary Health and Human Services.
He said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem has been flourishing with the increase in the number of dancers over the years.
Oh, its a cruel world.
He said that people are still coming, but he said that the exhibition will last until the 15th and he requested the people who have not yet seen it to come on or before the 15th.
The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the District Transport Officer (DTO), Ri Bhoi District in Nongpoh against several persons who acted like they were illegal immigrants. The brokerage charges customers more money to obtain a driver's license.
The Prime Minister visited the Civil Hospital Baghmara and saw with his own eyes various problems which have not yet been improved.
During the programme, an explanation was held to encourage those who violate the traffic rules including those who drive without a helmet, those who do not wear a seat belt and others.
In this regard, the court has ordered the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of Ngundro Village to appear before the Court on July 15, 2015 at 10:30 pm to explain why they have taken the law. handed in the name of looking after society.
If those who violate the law and commit civil offenses are fined heavily, those who attempt to kill people which is a criminal offense will be fined.
The court on 9th June 2018 sentenced Hope Dong of Lama village, East Jaintia Hills District for his involvement in the rape of a child under the age of 12 in
Chhapra falls in the constituency of RJD President Laloo Prasad Yadav.
In connection with this incident, Assam Police have arrested two persons accused of involvement in the smuggling of these drugs and who have been charged under the NDPS Act. Act and the investigation into the incident will continue.
The Free Eye Camp was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri.
Jowai, July 21: The Football Tournament of the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai through Hon. the 'Independent Days Cup' in the category of Under-16 Football League cum knock-out Tournament-2022.
Speaking to media, Bah KP Pangniang, said that he was saddened to learn of the problems faced by the people in the area, who have been facing problems due to the lack of development works from the Meghalaya government.
Also in 2016, he had a relationship with another woman with whom he will have a new relationship in the following years.
While the children of Khasi fathers have the right to preserve the identity of the Khasi people, because there is no nation in the world that does not know the identity of the Khasi people. who is the kind of mother.
Meghalaya will go to the polls in the first phase along with other states including Arunachal Pradesh, Andaman and Nicobar Island, Andhra Pradesh, Chandigarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu (DNH&DD), Delhi. , Goa, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Kerala, Lakshadweep, Ladakh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Puducherry, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Telangana, Uttarakhand, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Tripura, Manipur, Chhattisgarh, Madhyagarh, Assam Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Jammu & Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal.
A survey released in 2019 revealed that the majority of consumers wanted access to reusable packaging, eliminating the use of a single-use plastic item.
In Tura constituency, Rajabala witnessed the highest turnout of 87.85% while South Tura had the lowest turnout of 69.60%.
The festival was inaugurated by Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh Constituency as the chief guest, Sunil Tokbi, Organizing Secretary KCS Central Body I/C Meghalaya as the chief guest. President of Karbi Cultural Society, RR Ronghang President of AMKA, Bah Arnold Syngkli President of RBYDSO, Bah Sylvanus Malai President of NKU, Longsan Mansan, Bongthai, various raids and other dignitaries.
In fact the Israelites should have been the priests of God, but they lost the opportunity, and God forgot their inheritances as He had said.
In a statement sent by the President of the party, Samla Kyrshan Rymbai, the party said that the government's negligence in development works has been revealed, because according to the information, the party has not achieved its goal. The documents for the establishment of another C&RD Block in Jaintia Hills District have been submitted since August 2013, but until now the MLAs from Jaintia Hills District have not been willing to fight against this issue. implementation of the new C&RD Block.
He urged the media to be the spreaders to promote this tourism industry.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA), the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' and Drivers Association (JHTOA) and the Meghalaya Trucker's Union (MTU) have held a meeting under the banner of the JAC. The decision was taken today to stop the transportation of dewbilat and clinker from the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
His mom said he wanted to go and would take him along.
Whether we are in the EC or not, we will look after the District Council and especially the value and importance of the Khyrnit Bahynriew.
If the most important duty of an MLA is to make laws, the most important thing is that they should know the Indian Constitution because it is the great book of democracy. It has defined our rights and responsibilities as citizens and elected legislators in each State of India.
The film has been shot in four parts, namely Sohpetbneng, Diengiei, Khraw Jutang and Mynsiem Ksiar. The title of the film was “Ka Hok Ka Shi Kyntien”, but as the days went by, it was felt necessary to change the title of the film, as part of understand from the beginning the true meaning of this subject.
“To achieve this goal, we need to work together from school children, teachers and village authorities so that the country's ambition in this mission to bring about a clean environment will be achieved,” said Ma Laloo.
There is no comparison between cities that have adequate medical equipment and cities that do not.
The problem of the border residents from day to day, they are being tortured and subjected to various rules and regulations along with the disruption of their work through the law enforcement agencies of Assam formation of battalions camp by the Assam government within the border of Meghalaya, the forced construction of roads within the border of the state with Assam but the government and the leaders have ignored this until now.
He said that in order to fight against drugs, there is a need for cooperation with other departments, especially the police and the health department, for which the Government has also introduced DREAM to fight against drugs. drugs.
— including us.
At the time of writing, there are still some pigs in critical condition, said the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur, Satly Ryngkhlem, who is also the owner of these pigs.
Pomegranate is often praised for being a fruit rich in antioxidants, vitamin K which helps support bone health and vitamin B5 which helps to part of the functioning of chemicals in the body, proteins, carbohydrates and fats.
For a developed state like ours, Culture, Technology and Knowledge must work together to achieve the goal of well-being and prosperity. u paid citizens.
“That is why I encourage this young man for his hard work and courage,” said Dr. Don.
It is learned that the construction of the project was carried out after the approval of the Syiem and the village of the area and was also approved by the District authorities.
“We all know that if the Congress comes to power for another five years, we will not be able to reach anywhere,” said the BJP. this from the beginning to the end.
The Opposition has left the House after the Ruling Party failed to send it to the Select Committee for consideration and should come back to the House in April.
“The Congress MLAs who strongly condemned this article, expressed their surprise at the speech of the Prime Minister and admitted that the allegation of conversion of Mukul Sangma has already been rejected by the The High Court and the Maharis have already confirmed that Mukul Sangma belongs to the Sangma clan and not to the Begum clan and belongs to the Manda Mahari clan.
Ladthadlaboh scored 9 points and Lumiawmuchai 3 points each.
Leipung Phamba, a special gathering of the people of Manipur, was also held on the same day as part of the efforts to bring peace and stability in Manipur.
“Show your love by being patient with one another” (Ephesians 4:3) This week's words of hope are about faith against religious authorities, rulers, authorities. , traffickers and other forces that oppress and attack people.
Shillong, Nailar 07: Police have launched an investigation into the allegation that a policeman of Jhalupara Police Outpost has ordered Juntina Lyngdoh Marshillong, a close friend of a young woman who was murdered from Umlyngka. Wandarihun Mawlong, to delete the Whatsapp message between her and the murdered girl.
Rangshken ACC, Mawlai SC, Mawreng SC, Sohryngkham SC and Mylliem Grassroot scored their respective victories.
They used to say that on that day the moon would appear in the sky, then we would get the full moon, and then we would say that the moon would rise in the sky.
What is the problem in issuing the NOC, we don't see any problem anywhere.
In the past 24 hours, there have been no new cases and no recoveries.
On this basis the fundamental rights of citizens were included in the Third Part of the Constitution and Mahatma Gandhi advocated strongly for the inclusion of the right to freedom of speech and expression, whether speeches or feelings that can lead to a revolution or a great struggle.
Alcoholic beverages, which cannot be controlled except for them, are one of the main causes of violence.
S. Mannar from Narwan Village and Iakhut Dkhar from Cham Cham Village came second and third respectively, while Lamsuk Phawa and Therisa Sana came second and third respectively.
Hambertus said the Meghalaya government is well aware of the condition of the NH-6 and Sutnga-Saipung roads, but surprisingly it has not believed in solving the problems of the people especially in East Jaintia Hills District.
Dasakhiatbha Lamare visited an MNREGS road in Jatalong village which has been suspended by the Assam Police.
He also alleged that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as Prime Minister has been known for corruption.
From Mylliem, they went to Hynniewmer, where they visited the villages of 7 mer including Mawnianglah, and there they found that there are many foreigners who have not renewed their licences. While at a restaurant owned by Bah Harles Manik Syiem, they found that the foreigners who worked as shet jingshet and mystery workers did not have the necessary documents. the food that has been prepared will spoil completely allow two or three days for him to provide the documents.
After being questioned, the driver said that he knew about the order of the DC but he did it from time to time even though the village had warned him many times.
The villages that can be seen besides Mawiambei include Umlaitteng, Kdohhati, Umshiaw, the Umiam River which flows at the foot of the river and others.
Pyngrope is also the recipient of the Bharat Shiksha Ratan Award 2014, District Teacher's Award 2015 from the Ministry of Education, Government of Nagaland, Indira Gandhi Priyadarshini Award 2015, Best Indian Educator Award and State Level Teacher's Award 2016 from the Department of Education, Government of Nagaland.
Jowai: Two children, one 9 years old and one 2 years old, who were brothers, died after being electrocuted at Umsalait village in Iooksi area of ​​West Jaintia Hills. District.
Two of the robbers are foreigners and immediately fled the scene.
Teach them how to use browsers or other operating systems to facilitate learning in online classes.
The JACSO leader, who is also the General Secretary of the HYC, said that when convening such a meeting, the government should also convene the two departments, the Ministry of Road Transport and the Ministry of Road Transport. MoRTH and also the National Highway Development Corporation Limited (NHDCL) to clarify the purpose of the road.
Jowai: As part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, the East Jaintia Hills Police Department has conducted two programmes. to provide training and to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of drugs.
Exercise : exercise means to move the body to revive the muscles and circulate blood in the body.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs will play against SC Nangbah at 2.15 pm.
The opposition MLAs also have a sacred duty to investigate and inform the public of the results of these investigations.
By introducing these types of trainings to the remote areas through our trainers who can teach in different languages, including Garo, Khasi, Pnar, and English, we believe that these efforts of ours they will be helpful and supportive to the government’s efforts.
The surprise of the supporters of the party is especially in Nongkrem constituency and Rambrai constituency where they have their MLAs where Ardent M Basaiawmoit and KP Pangniang could not win. to their candidates.
On the other hand, the RBSU demands that the Government should start the construction of this PHC as this health center will help up to 27 villages in the area. Silvester Mawthoh, Organizing Secretary of the Central Body of the RBSU, said that the RBSU has also inspected the road from Iewsohksang to Umiong. It has been sanctioned since
“During these five years, I have tried to complete the remaining projects like the Umngot Water Supply Scheme and the Iawmusiang Complex but due to the fact that the contractor has stopped working on the market and this work. you have reached the end of the case"
Not only in this area but also in Umkiang, Kuliang, Ratacherra, the NH 6 has collapsed and this has caused the passengers to stop walking on this road because it puts their lives in danger. you are a great danger.
The meeting was also attended by the Syiem Khynnah of the Hima Sohra, the Ministers of the Hima and the elders of Mawkdok.
Let him start cleaning immediately, starting from above or below, from the right or from the left, but these diseases should be removed immediately, otherwise, there is no point in having a new education. and these synrums are still rynjain.
All India Radio has been broadcasting in Khasi since 1948 onwards.
According to police sources, on 23.08.2021, an FIR was registered against Treda Sungoh, alleging that he was involved in the rape and assault of a 15 year old girl in and 23rd of August
Besides Justice Mool Chand Garg, five other members of the Expert Committee were also approved by the Cabinet on Thursday. K Branch.
Russia's parliament on Friday approved holding presidential elections on October 17,
On the other hand, when asked about his expectations in Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Hek said, “In Pynthor, my victory will be based on the work I have done for 25 years.
In the Under-18 category, the Govt.
“That too, it is only possible without pain that somehow you don't reach the end of the sohpdung,” said the father.
The BJP has purchased a large plot of land for the Catholic and Presbyterian Churches in Delhi to build a mosque.
Because in this journey as a stranger many will hate us, for Christ said plainly, "The world hath hated them, because they are not of the world" (John 17:14).
This is the Tribunal's jurisdiction.
She tested positive on the same day after arriving at the hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Sonali Mishra, IPS, ADG, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata, highlighted the importance of sports to improve and maintain a healthy body for the betterment.
Furthermore, Bah YG Lyngdoh, Working President of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) and other dignitaries together with the office bearers of HYC Mawkyrwat Circle, spectators and supporters of the two teams. .
The strike by the doctors began after the death of 72-year-old Mohammed Sayeed at the NRS Medical College on July 10,
They were taken away from the Additional Secretariat after they refused to leave even after the deadline of 4 pm as permissioned by the district administration.
Kharbuki said that the news today that a petrol bomb exploded in Mawlyndep has put the youth of the village in shock.
Speaking to media, Haryana Minister Randeep Singh Surjewala said India has set a target of 75 per cent for rural areas and 50 per cent for rural areas. The total population of India is that about 67 per cent of the population of India is entitled to benefit from this scheme.
All wholesalers shall deliver the rice to the shops of the Fair Price Shop Dealers in accordance with Section 24 of the National Food Security Act, They shall be punished under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 and Section 3 of the Preventive Black Marketing and Maintenance of Supplies of Essential Commodities Act,
In the second half, Meghalaya's bowlers didn't stop easily, but due to the lack of runs, the bowlers couldn't protect themselves from the ball. giving answer of the opposition.
New office bearers and Council Members :.
Expressing her gratitude to the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya for selecting her for this award, Kong Pyrngap said, “This is the Government's recognition of my hard work.
Khliehriat, November 8: The Border Security Force (BSF) in East Jaintia Hills District, has completed the construction of a wooden bridge in Huroi village, East Jaintia Hills District. DIG, SHQ, BSF Jowai, Sandeep Rawat and Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS in the presence of Commandant, 172 Bn BSF, Sanjay Sharma and residents of Huroi village. .
The Deputy General Manager said that those who wish to set up petrol pumps in Meghalaya can apply from today by visiting the website for more information.
Volt 2014" and also has the tag of UCIL and the Atomic Minerals Directorate with its North Eastern Region Headquarters in Shillong.
These leaves should be kept in a shady place out of the sun for two or four months before harvesting after harvesting.
Bah Synrem urged the Government to pay the scholarships to the students from the Contingency Fund.
Biswa, Chowkidar of Iewduh, said that he did not take it as a special job but as a gift. his duty as the guardian of the market to protect and preserve it.
Tlang started his career with the club in 2014 on loan and from 2018 to 2020 he became a full-time player of the club.
However, NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong has rejected the UDP's fear of the President's Rule.
“This group is not a political party; It is only a group of 12 friends, who have the same goal and understanding to work for the good of the community.
In the past few months, the residents of the village have been finding people coming in Alto, Bolero, Scorpio and so on from outside the village to dump garbage within the boundary of the village.
“We are afraid that this could destroy the land of the people of this state with this intervention of NGT,” said Bah Kharshiing.
“Now we have changed the rules of procedure in a clear manner in which the exact accounts will be kept,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
However, Bah Lapang is not like that, he is still strong, young in the service of the people and party, he is still happy, he is still strong and strong in his will and spirit of party work, he is still strong. can't be responsible.
PM Cares will also pay the monthly education fee for a child between the ages of 18 and 23 years and when he or she reaches the age of 23, the full amount will be paid. to receive, that he may use himself.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday visited Jaintia Hills to inaugurate the CMCs in Thadmuthlong and Shangpung Pohshnong.
Therefore, he hopes that through the management of one of the committees which the village has appointed, it will be able to run properly.
Marshall Berman said, “You may not like politics, but politics likes you.
Short speeches were also delivered by the Sordar Shnong Mawphanlur, Samla Jibarpaul Thabah, President Mawthadraishan Circle, Samla Franklin Roy Syiemiong, General Secretary KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit and Samla John Milton Wahlang Vice President KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit.
He said that the people have elected Dr Donkupar as their MLA but this leader has passed away, so he appealed to the people to allow his son, Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem to become the MLA. Their MLA to complete the term of office of his father and to complete the tasks appointed by Dr Donkupar Roy.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has found through RTI that the Social Welfare Department has violated the unemployment allowance of three disabled persons for the year 2012-1 which should not receive T.6 thousand per annum.
Teams who wish to participate in the 1st Maw-U-Tieng Invitation Women Football Tournament 2023 can register with an entry fee of T.2500 per team and will have to pay a fee. moina 1500 tyngka at the time of registration of group names.
The death toll has risen to 133 yesterday and the death toll has risen to
“If we go to Assam for only 10 months, the vehicles in Meghalaya will die of starvation,” he said.
“He used to come home and we used to have dinner together and talk about our lives,” said Howard.
This soskular relates only to the construction of the road and has nothing to do with the handover of the Hima to the British Government.
In human society, the struggle is free; the rynghang is light.
The Khasi are recognized as Schedule Tribes by the Constitution of India.
Explaining on the allegation by the Opposition that there is a division in the UDP on issues, Bah Hek said, “All we are saying is for the state and the people.
In East Jaintia Hills, Violet Lyngdoh (UDP), Hambertus Nongtdu (INC) from Rymbai-Khliehriat, Desous Pohshna (INC) from Narpuh, Obil Kyndait (independent), Wanthmu Phawa (independent) from Tuber, Phastmoon Dkhar (independent), Tyrshain Siangshai (INC) of Moosniang-Rngat, Michael Nongtdu (INC) and Seiborlang Shadap (independent) of Sutnga-Narwan.
They said that the police had tried to question him but he said that he did not know what had happened to him because the pla he was carrying on his body was there, but only the date was missing.
This eclipse of the sun on the Kynton Sngi happens after the full moon night and it has been found that it brings about the same time between the night and the morning, about four hours.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that the state has been facing a shortage of electricity due to the government's failure to implement electricity generation projects in the past years.
“We have already submitted a report to the government on the ILP and this is what I can say now,” he said.
“We don't need to campaign as you say to defeat this government because I know for sure that the people themselves know what the government has done,” he said. government.
He said that it has been two months since the PWD (R) department was urged to clean up the landslide but during the inspection it was found that the department has not done anything about the landslide. the public.
Speaking at the briefing, SS Niangti said that the KSU is pleased to have such an opportunity to help the poor in such a time when the people are facing difficulties.
These are the reasons why they don't want to enter Assam (South) Barack Valley.
It is learned that after receiving information about the incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthor came to meet the guard for peace but she said that she does not want peace.
In the 2018 Football Tournament organized by the Nongstoin District Sports Association, the youth of Lawse Sports Club won the title.
On the other hand, the fire brigade immediately rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire which burnt down the Scorpio, but the fire burnt down.
Goswami said they have not yet decided whether Prafulla Kumar Mahanta will contest the election from the party.
However, U Joy Syiem died in prison and this tragic incident has shocked Bor Manik, the elderly Syiem and caused him to stop fighting completely. against the British (Bareh, 1967).
It was seen as if they were no longer citizens who had the same right to earn and live a prosperous life.
Observers from other countries cooperate with the police and understand the situation.
Shillong, July 14: The KHNAM MLA on Tuesday sent a statement to the media saying that he is ready to make peace, forgiveness and forgiveness. Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon has expressed his readiness to work together to strengthen KHNAM in preparation for the Assembly elections next year. 2023.
The Congress today demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should clarify the statement of Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, in which Malik, He said that he had met with Modi in the past few days to discuss the Farmers Act.
In West Jaintia Hills, the state came fourth with 13 medals.
There were 16 teams who took part in this tournament and the matches were held around the grounds of different villages in the Mylliem Lum area in the past months.
The KSU also congratulated Iada Martin Marbaniang, who has passed the IPS examination from Karnataka.
Reports say that the absence of Laal Singh Chaddha is one of the reasons why Aditya hesitated to cast Aamir again in the film and decided to change the cast so that it can attract. to the audience.
Golden Nonglong, on July 28, announced that he has left the Congress party and has sent his resignation letter to Congress President Vincent H Pala.
In this meeting, the members of the opposition are preparing to bring decisions on key issues such as the lack of funds by the government, the confusion in the village authorities, health and other issues. do not affect the state.
Even in later governments such as in 2003, the Seng Riewlum have joined the government, not sitting in the Opposition.
Remember that a nation that steals from others cannot rise up, and will always be poor.
Infant, 9
Besides these two, there was also another match which shocked the spectators who came to witness their own rangïakura from the state, Bhalang Shadap, who showed his strength by defeating u Enait Khan of DNHDD (Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman & Diu) won the welterweight category 63.5-67kg.
The dewbilat was handed over to the school authorities on Saturday.
When we visited Langpih, there were many celebrations, so we want this visit to Karbi Anglong and Jaintia Hills to be the same.
Lady Keane College scored the first goal in the 36th and 50th minutes.
The first semi final will be played between Seng Khasi College, Shillong at 9.00 pm and Shillong College at 11.00 pm. .
Regarding the road which is about 5.7 km from Pyndengwar to Mawpud, when we went down to this village, we saw that this road is still being prepared for painting. certain sections of the road.
Bah Khongsit added that to prevent this, it is necessary to strengthen the family. “Parents have a great role to play in raising their children in the right way. you will come to society.
In the last 24 hours, the state has received heavy rainfall.
Leading leaders of the HSPDP will also campaign for the UDP candidate. UDP East Khasi Hills President Titosstarwell Chyne said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Symbud Minister Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, MLAs, MDCs and senior leaders of the HSPDP will campaign for Balajiedkupar Synrem in the coming days.
He said that in fact, out of 100 percent, those who will benefit or register in the MHIS should not be less than 90 percent of the residents.
However, we don't understand this.
Perhaps even the Lyer Pyrem has already allowed this Lyer Once a Year, and the 'Lyer Once a Year' has been able to pass like this, only Once A Year.
He was banned for two years, but before the elections he was banned.
JOWAI: The 17th Youth Conference of the KJP Eastern Synod will be held at Wapungskur Church, East Jaintia Hills.
Poland, Lithuania and Finland have erected a strong steel barrier on the Russian-Belarusian border.
Our nation has grown up in the life of knowledge of man, knowledge of God and daily life on the foundations of peace and harmony as taught by the elders in the household.
If it is implemented from 1972, there will always be a backlog which will be against the Reservation Policy of 1972 which clearly states that after two years there will be no backlog,” he said.
“We have seen that until now, the MLA has been saying that the ECI still recognizes him as President and this is because he does not understand the letters he has received from the ECI and “I don't understand why the candidate he nominated from Mawryngkneng has to contest Independent,” said Bah Pyndap.
“The people of the state have blessed us with 104 MLAs and therefore the trust of the people is not in the Congress or the JD(S).
In this country you will have more than that.
The Black horse is a very dangerous animal.
As the residents of this area, they have faced many problems due to the lack of land titles, whether it is in obtaining loans from banks and other benefits that should be received from the Government. State.
The relatives of the patient have complained that the doctors have performed surgery on the patient without permission or informing them about the illness.
In the accident, an Indica Tour (ML04 B 5037) collided with a Mahindra Bolero ML05 Q 7448 which was passing on the opposite side.
East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh has strongly condemned the shooting death of CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma, a member of the CSWO at Shoh Shrieh, Tuber East Jaintia Hills today.
Under this scheme, 72 Handloom Clusters have been set up in each district covering 5307 handloom weavers.
Thabah's election came after reports regarding the problems of more than 25 families in Mawsynram (Dong Sharum) village, East Khasi Hills. the ration they should receive as allocated by the Government for them.
Otherwise the country becomes ruled by billionaires for billionaires.
It is understood that Billu Singh's wish is that the agreement should be cancelled, as the Kharmetor have already been in the area since the British Government. between the Hima Mylliem and the Municipal shall not work at all.
The incident happened at 3:55 pm this morning, when a Maximo pick-up (ML/05-Temp/2018-1636) was hit by a truck. Pynshailang Kharlyngdoh (24 years old) has been arrested.
Ronaldo's signing for Juventus has not been confirmed but Spanish media reported that it was worth 105 million euros ($120 million) with a contract of 30 million euros per season. .
Titos said that the EC led by him has already held a meeting with the chief executives and directed them to be vigilant, but he did not agree. Some of the heads of government have admitted that there is a threat from some groups in power, on the refusal to allow these people to stay.
This comes after these schools won the pre quarter final match held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on the second day.
VPP spokesperson, Bah Batskhem Myrboh said that the issue taken by the party on justice by following the rules of policy has nothing to do with racial discrimination and opposition. somewhere.
The Pro-Chancellor of CT University said, “We are proud to be able to hold Megpun 1.0, an event to honor the best in the field of education in Meghalaya.
Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Dean School of Humanities NEHU and Dr. Car Diengdoh, Director Incharge CDC NEHU also came to witness the Open Library and expressed their appreciation.
The raids were conducted in several areas in Imphal East, Imphal West, Kakching, Kangpokpi and Thoubal districts where the army seized ammunition, bullets and bombs, the police said. The statement was sent by the Manipur Police Control Room on Friday night.
Prahlad Singh Patel also met with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma at his residence in Shillong.
So it’s a loss and a disappointment for the club and the fans.
The Block Development Officer, Betasing, AG Momin, on receiving information about the incident, visited the area and ordered the Gram Sevaks to go to different villages to inspect the damage. for providing resources.
Konyak leaders said six people were killed in the incident, while nine others died this morning, the New Indian Express reported.
Listen! Can we prevent life if it destroys them? We are God's specially created people to face adversity.
“However, on the 8th of November, 2016, he announced that there will be a dorbar pyllun on the 10th of November, 2016 and on that day, before the opening of the dorbar, he said that those who still wish to raise their hands. “I have been appointed as the new Rangbah Shnong,” said the residents of Umsaw Nongkharai in a statement.
The meeting will start at 11 am.
The leaders of the union alleged that the inability of the KHADC to respond is due to the fact that there was no appointment according to the requirements, but the appointment was made with the approval of the EC. just to please the MDCs who live there.
VWSC Bataw has already received the 1st installment of T.20,96,000 at the rate of T.8000 per household for 262 households.
At an emergency meeting held on 26th July at Umsning, it was decided to demand from the PWD Department, Umsning Division to explain to the media about the incident. The BJYM Ri-Bhoi district has been informed to clarify by 31st July, 2016 otherwise the BJYM Ri-Bhoi district will not be able to seek information through the right of public information from the department. You must not respond in accordance with the Right to Information (RTI).
But those who are ready to sacrifice don't know anymore.
“Because of the silence of the CEM even after we have met him twice, today we have convened a meeting of the Sordars, Khlieh Nongsynshar, Seng Samla and Sengbhalang and we have taken a “We have decided to meet the CEM again and issue an ultimatum of 15 days to respond to the demand for issuance of NoC to BSC C&C JV for the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoiñ to Mawthabah,” he said. “If the CEM cannot respond within this 100 days, we have also decided to knock on the door of the High Court.
Although we should not be discouraged, we have made mistakes that we cannot change but let us learn from these mistakes.
The opening ceremony was witnessed by the MLA of the area who is also the Minister of State, Bah Hamletson Dohling as the chief guest.
Riangdo, July 12: Parents and youths from various political parties in Mawshynrut constituency, on Saturday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at Umdang village. in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division of West Khasi Hills District.
This led to the discovery of the Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV) by Dr. Albert Sabin.
Furthermore, the San Shnong has demanded to set up a police station of the State Government on the border.
Especially that they were ready to help, at this time when the people are facing difficulties and desperate because they can no longer go to work as usual.
Even in his serious illness, Father Wollaston was filled with a spirit of joy.
Short speeches were delivered by the Chief Guest, the Sordar and Pynskhem Hynniewta, Chairman of the Seng Samla before the start of the tournament.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Finely Pariat, said that it is a great honor for Meghalaya to have a Prime Minister who has been able to bring and host such major tournaments in the state.
“The KSU has said that the railway line will not be built as it is now unless strong laws are passed but until the laws are passed we are ready to explain why it is necessary to build a railway line. “I believe the government understands what will happen if it uses force,” he said.
He also encouraged the youth as the village has prepared prizes for those who have passed well and completed various courses to continue to do well and also to continue to work hard because no one can do it. I hope that these young people who have been awarded will continue to progress in life and reach their goals as they wish.
The KSU South Central Circle has held a protest on the 1st July 2023 to protest against the deterioration of the NH-40 road so that the NHIDCL and the state government should take action to repair it immediately. to the street.
In the past 13 years, the EDC of the College has helped many entrepreneurs from the state with a certificate of completion of three months training.
Besides, she warned that if the government does not do anything, the farmers will not hesitate to destroy these elephants.
Looking back at our state, it is time to bring about a change in the 80% employment quota for Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, without affecting the quota. others are minority residents of the State.
“The winners should not be proud, but should continue to fight harder and harder and the losers should not lose heart but their victory will give them the spirit to work hard at other times” , he said.
One of the elders said that fathers, especially those who are the heads of the household, should not show off in front of their children how much they earn because this also misleads their children and the feeling of wealth. their pride brings them pride.
When harvested in this way they usually leave about two or three “eyes" on the seed.
If they have a weak body.
The 132kV Mustem Substation and 132kV Khliehriat Substation have been damaged by heavy rain and thunderstorms on Sunday.
As for the MDCs, who are not bound by any rules, many of them have already prepared and even if they are MDCs of the party they won, but their performance or behavior , is like the MDCs of the parties who intend to contest the 2023 elections.
With Modi's assumption, the BJP has been able to ban and completely stop the flow of foreign funds from foreign religious groups to India.
“These three refugees deserve compensation for this attack,” said Bah Lamare.
On the allegation that the names of the contractors have not been announced publicly, the Commissioner and Secretary said that all the tenders have been called by various government departments such as PWD, Tourism, State Sport Council. On the allegations that most of the projects are roads, the Commissioner said that the money spent on Only 14% of the project is for roads and the construction has been done by the PWD department. road to climb this work.
Speaking on the occasion, CEM of GHADC Augustine Marak said that the name of Conrad has been sent since November last year but his name has not been approved yet. “We have sent many reminders but we have not received any reply. We are surprised that they have sent another name,” said Augustine Marak. .
Four persons were killed at Chandmary Square in Tura while five persons were killed at Rongrenggre Square in Williamnagar.
Shillong: Matsiewdor War Nongbri has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, while Abhishek Bhagotia has been appointed as the Secretary, Commissioner of Taxes and others. even.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if Dr. Mukul Sangma has any evidence on the allegation of illegal smuggling of coal from the state, he should bring it to the court. ïng council.
As it has been in the past years when the NPP-led MDA government is in power, the people have been shouting and shouting until they don't agree anymore.
During the Career Guidance & Counseling Programme, the students were given more training by experts including Dr. Rica Lamar who explained about health.
The number of samples tested positive is 36859, negative is 35569 and 467 are awaiting results. 32 people have died from alcohol in three samples. districts of Punjab, where it was found that the alcohol they drank contained poisonous substances.
Shillong, July 6: The Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) has promised to seek classes for the students of CMJ University after the university was closed due to unrest.
Ardent said it is time to forget about the seat, but to think about the problems of the youth.
Iainehskhem Mawri started the first half for the team and scored two goals (19 & 69 minutes).
:The National People's Party (NPP) Leader, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the State, has said that he has no intention of voting or supporting the TMC or any other party. Conrad was speaking at an election campaign rally held at Dadenggre on Friday to seek support for the NPP candidate James PK Sangma. who is also the MLA of the constituency and at the same time his brother.
The unanswered question or action by the JHADC on the complaint against the two village leaders and the two ECs shows that there is something behind it which has been ignored by the JHADC officials. On behalf of the residents of Bakur, we once again request the JHADC to take the necessary action as soon as possible and to suspend them immediately without delay and to follow the health rules to hold the election. new.
Shillong, March 25 : The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) will hold a march tomorrow to protest against the lack of action by the university authorities to implement various demands. different which are for the welfare of the students.
To him that hath it shall be given more and more; and from him that hath not, even that which he hath shall be taken away from him.
He said that all the work done by the former EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, he has followed since the struggle to pass the Village Administration Bill, the proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled which he has followed. I have written to the Minister of Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju but no reply has been received yet.
Now, while the election is far away, the people are acting like they are beating, they are acting like they are beating, they are acting like they are ud eh, but only six months before the time of voting again, hai-hai Their love, praise and closeness to these earthly gods was greater than that of the heavenly gods.
The new cases include 176 cases from East Khasi Hills, 111 cases from West Garo Hills, 22 cases from Ri Bhoi, 17 cases from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 12 cases from South West Garo Hills. 8, West Jaintia Hills 8, South West Garo Hills 7, East Jaintia Hills 5 and West Khasi Hills
The High Court has said that until now, there is no explanation how to treat the waste from the shop or the metal container or whether there is any compliance with the rules. these two shops in these months that they have been operating.
Other individual prizes were also awarded to the boys and girls who have performed well in the tournament.
“Police of Unakoti district in Kumarghat in Tripura have seized about 1,500 kilograms of cannabis packed in 60 bags worth about T.2 crore,” he said. the police.
With the refusal of Kong Irin, the MBCC has no choice but to send the name of Acting President Bah JC Diengngan to contest the MDC election.
Furthermore, the following are the achievements achieved;This year an additional 57 price information centers were added.
Furthermore, through this Committee, it will also consider if there is any violation of the Model Code of Conduct, related to the electoral roll, the names of the Polling Stations and other matters related to the activities. For the smooth running of the 2023 election in Ri Bhoi District.
The two-day meeting started on Saturday 26th and ended on Sunday.
Shillong, November 17: The Sainborlang Banjop Welfare Association (SBWA) has organized a memorial service for former MDC and MP, Bah Jerlie E Tariang. The 1st Jerlie E. Tariang Memorial Knock-Out Football Tournament 2023 has been held in Yangon.
FKJGP 12 Village Nongjngi Unit: President – ​​Riyoo Plang Vice President – ​​Marla ibor Pale General Secretary – Deibha Khynriam Assistant Secretary – Rajesh Sumer Organizing Secretary – Darimiki Puden Assistant Organizing – Winches Khynriam Education Secretary Denis Pale – Hapines Tyngkra Sport Secretary – Si Shalliang Assistant Sport Secretary – Miki Nongkrem Disciplinary Secretary   – Blasius Rymbai Assistant Disciplinary Secy.
“Ri Bhoi District needs an artificial turf ground to develop the youth in sports and besides the artificial turf ground, Ri Bhoi District also needs a Multi Sports Complex which is one of the most important sports grounds in Ri Bhoi District. “It is a great way to develop the youth of Ri Bhoi who are talented in sports,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew. He added that the party congratulates the MLA of Umsning who spoke on this issue. “The party is ready to accept that the government should bring back the artificial turf ground in any part of Ri Bhoi District,” he added.
The festival is aimed at promoting tourism in Jaintia Hills.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has failed to hold a public hearing on the construction of the dam to generate electricity. The meeting was held at Siangkhnai, Mawkynrew Block, East Khasi Hills.
Nidapoi Shadap, Publicity Secretary KSU Jowai Unit, said that these foreigners were arrested at Ummulong, but as they were not in the vehicle, the KSU immediately informed the Phramer Traffic Cell Police. bar the.
This promotes yoga across the globe and strengthens India’s relations with other countries.
He said research has shown that there is more and more of this problem and that big question mark now is: “How can we improve it”.
“It is the law, it is ordered to close shops at 10:00 pm, it is the law that orders to drive vehicles in the Odd and Even manner, it is the law that prohibits mining coal, it is the law that prohibits mining shyiap and Therefore, we need a Government that has the feeling and thought of the people to introduce laws that should protect us. “It's a pleasure for them not to be closed down while there are those who are for that reason the VPP has come out to take this part,” he said.
Malki SC will hold the tournament for two days, on the 11th the winners will receive 10,000 tyngka and the runners-up will receive 5000 tyngka. The entry fee on that day will be 500 tyngka.
He wrote two well-known poems including “Ka Duitara Ksiar” in 1925 which includes 46 short poems containing translations of words, foreign and 14 English poems. who translated it into Khasi and the poem “Ki Sngi Ba Rim U Hynniewtrep” in 1936, and this is a valuable and thought-provoking book and is well known in relation to the history of the paid by Bri and Hynniewtrep.
The Chief Minister of Assam said he wants to have a meeting first and visit the border in April.
The question is – are these contractors not subject to any environmental laws which prohibit us all on the basis of protecting the forests and the environment? the tyrkhong is not syndon.
“I bought this auto rickshaw for T.25,000 a month ago.
The youth of the village performed a beautiful song as a welcome song to the residents and all the guests.
These are the evils that destroy and destroy life and thus the Jews created the Ten Commandments or Laws to ensure peace and righteousness.
James said that at this meeting it was decided that the power plants at Leshka and Umtrew which have not been found to produce electricity anymore due to the lack of electricity. MeECL has directed to inspect and improve the power plant, while the Ganol HP plant in West Garo Hills and other ongoing works should be improved. “They should also submit a report to the government,” he said.
The District Election Officer said that the incident occurred after AITC supporters attacked the Scorpio of NPP MDC Habibur Zaman who was passing through Charbatapara village in West Garo Hills.
Meanwhile, announcing that the Government on July 27, 2023 has amended the OM of 1974, the President said that the Government in the Cabinet meeting has taken a decision and will soon issue a statement on the matter.
What is the Khasi Jaidbynriew proud of?-Is it proud to live in a place where there is a lot of wealth, a country loved by God, a country that knows its family, a country that knows its own language and so on. but remember that all these will not remain on earth if the nation dies, and if it dies they too will die.
Regarding this donation, Bah PT Sawkmie said that he has donated to the MSC as part of his participation in the celebration of the Sport Club which won the SPL title this season. He said that he will continue to work with the MSC in the coming days.
We will discourage them by saying no to them.
Mahanta has not tested positive for covid-19 and doctors are monitoring his health.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
A special unit may also be set up within the police outpost to look into this.
Meanwhile, the Minister in charge of School Education & Literacy in the state, Deborah Marak, has decided to close the door to the central government to resolve the issue. National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) on the improvement of marks.
No.1) The CEM has received 43.50 lakh in the name of Coming Pyrtuh.
While the Philippines and Japan have already been selected as host countries, Indonesia will miss out on the final as they failed to be selected to meet the FIBA ​​rules. to qualify for the quarter-finals of the Asian Cup.
“Any fish imported from outside the State will be checked before being sold in the market especially the 'Rohu' fish – most of which come from Andhra Pradesh,” she said. that the agency will take after 15 days at a media briefing on Wednesday.
The VPP candidate from Mairang Assembly Constituency has nominated a Pastor (Rev) who wants to change and renew the mindset of the people in the area. The Dome, which has fallen without even the thought of the Speaker, has been completed recently.
So it is for this reason that our people are healthier than those in the foreign countries.
Besides other guests, MLAs SK Sun and Wailadmiki Shylla, CEM of JHADC MB Rymbai were also present.
The report released today said that the incidence of HIV/AIDS has increased by nine percent in recent days, compared to the month of November 2020, among children between the two years to 11 years of age.
On the other hand, Congress President Mallikarju Kharge has criticized the Prime Minister for his silence on the bloodshed in Manipur.
We can say that if they want to steal from the office and they want to steal from a supplier who is not involved, they can do it easily, because they just look at who steals. They lose the price and then they reduce it even more and even if they reduce it by only shiphew naïa, they get only these or the supplier who has a relationship with them.
To emphasize the demand, the Seng also informed that the Assam Police recently arrested two members of the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL) in West Karbi Anglong District.
Benami is killing this law which is a stieh to protect the minorities and indigenous people of the state.
Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong holds the Forest and Town Committee, Teibor Pathaw holds the Land and Building Bye Laws Committee and Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie holds the Revenue Collection and Planning Committee.
The source said that according to the investigation of the police, it was found that the suspect was working as a VSI (Vertical Shaft Impacter) operator. but it was also said that suddenly the crane fell and hit him until he was seriously injured.
East Khasi Hills won the title in the men's and women's categories at the end of the 29th State Karate Championship on 16th November.
He was elected and proclaimed Archbishop of Shillong on 22nd November
Shillong: A 14-year-old boy has committed suicide on the 4th of this month at Shnongpdeng.
They don't know how to get rid of these two places.
The rejection of this has caused problems to many countries around the world," he said.
Earlier on July 18, 2020, a 5 magnitude earthquake struck 80 kilometers east of Champai District.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA said, “Until now, I have not received any information from the people of Jaintia Hills and from my constituency who have come to say anything on the decision of the Jaintia Hills. The SC, and I believe that the public is pleased with the decision.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the violence of UCIL by calling tenders through advertisements. Uranium but it has to take responsibility if anything happens, KHNAM said that the prime minister should speak clearly on this issue.
Leaders of the two prominent churches in Meghalaya, the Catholic Church and the Presbyterian Church, met with the Prime Minister of India in Upper Shillong.
Starwin said that they had informed the Chief Secretary on the 13th of this month but they have not received any reply.
Bah Khongsit said that the BDO did not answer his request but just gave a general question.
In July, Italy finished third in the Nations League under Mancini.
On the other hand, the SDO Civil Amlarem has confirmed that he will take action on this issue, said Daniel Khongsit.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 31: The Ri Muliang Zone on Friday welcomed many of the elders, women and youth of the constituency.
(1) Good roads and paths.
However, the difference is that there were no such skilled goalkeepers.
Therefore, after the land sellers failed to achieve their goal in Ribhoi, they started turning back to other places in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The main purpose of the department's visit to the farmers in the rural areas is to train, guide them on new farming techniques, rice cultivation and how to increase the price of agricultural products. -market price; to increase agricultural production, to increase income and this will create many jobs for the unemployed, especially the youth.
“I urge the State Government to run the MCCL and revive it and not to introduce a Joint Venture in this factory until the consent of all stakeholders is obtained,” he said.
When it is the soap, the infected people are lynga, pdu, jyreh and ksem with a small smile which cannot be understood clearly whether it is from being given soap by people or suddenly from looking at who has soap.
Shillong, Naitung 30: “Why is the 2018 election still going on?” is the question, which has arisen among the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia. There is a shortage of voters since more than 10 years before the elections.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today tweeted that there is one more case of corona virus in Meghalaya. .Sailo (did not go to God's house).
Momin (28) of Ringgi Songittal, Araimile, WGH, Brendip R.Marak (34) of  Purakhasia, Dalu, WGH, Akanrik M.Sangma (21) of Dakopgre, Araimile, WGH, Khuswant M.Sangma (33) of ITI Quarter , Dakopgre, Tura, Bellina and Dilche.
Nongumlong SC will play against Pyrda FC at 1 pm.
The state government has also announced financial assistance of T.32,000 per hectare and 50 per cent compensation for crop damage.
About 500 students from 11 colleges in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills will participate in various programs especially to raise awareness among the public on the spread of HIV/AIDS and others. Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STIs) in this district.
And she managed to beat EGH by 54 and then
He could have lost, as 59 won in the Legislature alone.
We have discussed with the Vice President and other leaders and they have expressed in the same voice not to work with anyone but to go alone in this election 2023 because the Congress will contest from all 60 constituencies. constituency” said Pala.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 4: The residents of Noapara, West Khasi Hills, on Friday protested against the illegal construction of MGNREGA road by the Assam government from Noapara to Balwa Wari Valley.
There are currently 8,325 cases and 19,350 discharged cases.
" Romans 1:27-26.
The Commission has convened the hearing on the 7th July 2023 at 10 pm at Assam House Shillong. According to the notice, the Commission has directed the Government of Meghalaya, through the Government of Assam, to bring and provide report, documents and witnesses in relation to the incident.
On the other hand, the Independents did not expect much to win, but there are some seats where they are strong but it is difficult to predict whether they will win easily.
The number of cases has increased to 32 in Lower Lachumiere, 9 cases in Nongmynsong, 5 cases in Nongrah, 6 cases in Pohkseh and those from abroad. , there are 36 of them.
After receiving information through the Public Information Act, the Rangbah said that the reason for the delay of the Municipal in issuing certificates to the people who went to apply from the office is due to the delay of the employees and the Sweety's certificate clearly states that the Senior Medical Officer can issue it only in one day.
They did not think about the Khasi nation which was founded on the idea and covenant commanded by God the Creator.
The North Eastern Council (NEC) has allocated T.13 crore for the year 2013-14 to improve the health sector in the state. The NEC has decided that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not been able to complete the Detail Project Report.
Kong Nongbri said that during the outbreak of COVID-19, the state has faced shortcomings especially in terms of census because the training has been prepared without any any training, delays in the preparation for the implementation of the work and lack of clarity in the management and assignment of responsibilities to the Response Team.
On the other hand, members of the armed group have stolen several cows and goats and the police have registered a case for further investigation. stay.
According to this scholar, “Religion is the recognition of all duties as divine commands”.
On this occasion, the KSU has requested the State Government to clarify whether these are true or not.
Shillong, March 24: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, on Tuesday said that the police will not allow the HNLC to rise again in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
She also encouraged other students to set goals in life and to trust in God and especially in themselves.
Prayers 🙏 Himanta sent his condolences to the families of the deceased.
The purpose of the cleaning is not only to reduce the traffic but also to improve the roads and to increase the number of bypasses to avoid traffic in the middle of Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has laid down a rule that if the state government fails to issue a Utilization Certificate (UC) within 10 years, it will be banned. stop spending money.
The French race among the Khasi has existed since the arrival of the Thoh ka Tar, which was introduced by Sir Thomas Jones who arrived at Sohra on the 22nd June
He said that it is expected that the remaining work will be completed within this month and ensure that the repairs are completed in the necessary areas.
He is indeed a knowledgeable, intelligent and experienced doctor.
The Waheh Shnong together with the Vigilance Committee who run the ration dealer in the village have sold the ration at the price of 4 tyngka per kilo which is against the price set by the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply WJH. long 3 tyngka per kilo.
The SP office won the toss and elected to tied first.
Therefore, the union has requested the government to open this school so that it will be of benefit to the people of this area and especially to the youth who come from poor families. in the economy.
“The reason why the problems arise is because it takes up to four years to complete the academic year and therefore we need more buildings, we need more people and also to start a multi-disciplinary course.
In the Under-18 Boys category, Banshankupar Suchiang of Sawlyngdoh HS School won the third prize.
The Union congratulates the State Government for taking all the necessary measures to fight against this terrible disease.
“If we work according to the wishes of the people, the people will support us and if they don't fulfill, the people have the opportunity to reject you.
Sutnga SSCC has 16 points, followed by Rymbai Shkenshynriah Sports Club with 11 points, Khliehriat West YWSC and Dhana Sports Club with 8 points each. Rymbai Iawpynsing Sports Club has 6 points, Thangskai Tiger Sports Club has 5 points, Rymbai Wahshnong Sports Club has 4 points and Moolamanoh Sports Club has 2 points.
The department said that the guidelines on how to use the fund were issued in June 2022 and therefore the money could not be used.
This school is one of the schools in San Shnong area which supports children from poor families who cannot afford to go to school in the city.
New nanotechnology has solved this problem in order to produce more from a lower cost.
) Hosea 9:7, says, "The prophet is foolish, and the man that hath the spirit is foolish.
Shillong, July 13: The Chancellor of CMJ University, Shillong, has launched a search operation for the Chancellor of CMJ University who has escaped after being arrested in recent days.
According to information, many houses in Langkyrding, Pynthor have been affected by the floods.
He said that up to 15 schools have received smart TVs and digital devices to train the children during this year.
The opening of both sides of the road will last for all these five days until 7 pm on the 8th June.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Ka KHNAM on Tuesday said that it is unfortunate that the MUA-II government has urgently introduced the ban on ar maloi. and to amend the Meghalaya Service and Conduct Rules 1990 to prohibit the holding of public office for fear of seat.
These development works have reached these 6 villages in the Khappud area in the Marmain-Khulia area after the MLA of Nongpoh through this scheme has launched a donation of T.8 from for the 6 villages at a meeting held today at Khulia Village, Ri Bhoi District.
He recalled that there are many development projects which have been sanctioned to be brought in Jowai and Jaintia Hills in the past years including B.Ed and Engineering College and others but they have not yet been completed. He hoped that the TMC in the state in the 2023 election will come to power. finish all the work that remains.
As it appears through the media, it has been seen that the Government has sent the employees to ask for permission from the DC's office without any explanation whether these people will have to pass through the same Lyndon as they did. who have returned to the State in these days.
The bodies of the two brothers, a two-year-old woman and her four-year-old brother, were found in a forest area known as Lawkynti. Jefferson Jana, 29, was suspected to have committed the crime by their father.
The Lyngdoh of Mylliem was elected with the Hima Mylliem while the Lyngdoh of Nongbri and the Lyngdoh of Nongkrem were elected with the Hima Khyrim.
Babu FC Shullai, General Secretary of the party, in his speech, said that this is the party's assistance which has been continuing for 27 years. any belief and building is done before the celebration of the death of Thomas Jones.
He said that the seized cows did not have any certificates from the Veterinary Department before being released from the cow market in Khanapara. that these cows are safe for consumption by the people of the state.
The program provides specialized training on the social and economic development of the states in the North Eastern Region of India. in collaboration with the Indian Social Science Academy and supported by the Indian Council of Social Science Research (NERC).
Police said that there is a road to walk with stones and reach the remote area.
It is also a warning to the public to know that whatever is written in this document is not in accordance with the government's rules and will not be implemented until it is changed.
He said that the market will be opened twice a day on Mondays and Thursdays.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) won the Shillong parliamentary seat while the Congress won the Tura parliamentary seat.
*Pynursla received 253.0 mmThis is the fourth time that Pynursla has exceeded Sohra and Mawsynram since September when the Observatory at Pynursla was received.
However, although they are only school children, we would like to appeal to the government as a mother not to delay the wishes of the teachers because we are still dying or suffering. They requested the government to immediately create the mechanisms to bring about an understanding with the teachers so that we don't lose classes anymore especially when we need teachers. In these times when the final examination is approaching, said more students.
It is understood that Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Dy.CEM of the former Executive Committee (EC) led by Teinwel Dkhar, has no longer been in the EC. and he was the King of Peace.
JSU War Jaintia Circle and residents of Bakur and Dawki also arrested three Bangladeshis without identity documents along with phones using Bangla SIM cards and Bangla currency in Bakur and Dawki on the 9th. A complaint was lodged against them by President Eddy Kerry Pohtam in the presence of General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin and Sports Secretary Eric Khonglah.
“This problem of the people can be resolved through the Trinamool Congress,” he said.
This is the life and death of the nation.
“This is a platform to enrich knowledge to make the path of life sustainable,” he said.
This is the true prayer.
BJP Nagaland President Temjen Immna Anglong has condemned the incident and said that he is sorry to hear the ethnic hatred against the two men from Nagaland, who were attacked just because of and they shall sell the bread of the east country, he said.
“Now they have started monitoring the money,” said Dr. Tariang. He said that if they are delayed, the hospital will have to inform them.
On the other hand, the police, when they arrived at the scene, drove away the drug users without taking any action against the drug users. Every day and even to the extent that they are willing to build barriers in this area to turn it into a drug den.
Shillong: Nongdawah FC beat Iaiminot FC 2-0 on Saturday at Mawryngkneng Stadium in MGFL at 3 pm. Dibinroy Nongspung in the 25th and 56th minutes.
Thus, the Mobile Internet was banned.
Regarding the inspection, it was found that about 20 per cent of the implementation has been completed and before the Lyiur season, about 35 per cent of the implementation will be completed.
One B.Com student died in the accident while another XII student sustained serious injuries.
He said that in fact before distributing to the public, the pigs should be examined by the doctors of the Veterinary Department to find out whether they are healthy or sick.
He also requested the lawyer to help him to provide protection for himself and his children's wife.
On the other hand, Marak said the NPP will take action against all groups whether they are large or small.
All four persons confessed to robbing from Pomshutia and Byrnihat and also confessed to planning to rob a petrol pump in West Khasi Hills.
He said that although the NESO has met with the Governor and the Chief Minister of Manipur, it is difficult to resolve the issue.
In the women's category, Shillong Labet won by 25 baskets and 8 baskets respectively against Tyllilang 'A' The Men's B team won by 31 baskets to 21 baskets in the final.
The Fire & Emergency Service and the state police rushed to the scene to rescue them and it took up to seven hours to rescue them. They were taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
He said that the union expects the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action to inform the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong that there will be no protests as banned by the two. “If these Karbi and Nepalis continue to be Khasi, they will not hesitate to hold protests because as Khasi, they have many issues to discuss,” he added.
Furthermore, he said that the songs of Bah Rana, are very inspiring and encouraging to the youth, to the workers of the Sengbhalang and he said that the songs of Bah Rana, are for the youth these days. , they began to feel excited to sing again.
Shillong, March 14: The Union of Seng Samla Shnong (SSSS) has expressed its deep sorrow over the arrest of members of the Sengbhalang by the police. He urged the police to investigate thoroughly with their intelligence agencies before arresting them to find out the people who are really involved in the crime.
This is the third time that the college has produced so many results with a pass rate of 96 percent.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that the Congress MDCs have met him to demand an increase from T.50 lakh to T.1.5 crore for the MDCs. He said the Executive Committee (EC) has taken a decision and will stick to it.
If she follows in the footsteps of Bala Devi, who has left Rangers FC, her India team-mates Aditi Chauhan and Dalima Chibber could also play for West Ham. City FC.Former Indian players have said that Indian girls have started to improve in football, but what they need is a TV show so that they can get support from them. public.
The election campaign was held at Rngi Lower Market Rambrai. The meeting was conducted by Bah Maianlang Nongphud, one of the Rangbah Dong of Rambrai Market. Denestar Pariong of the BJP in the presence of BJP leaders who came to accompany the candidate.
We should not be surprised if there are more MLAs who will join the NPP in the coming days.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Budget Session on 16th June, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, said that the State Government has set a target of reaching 10 billion US dollars in revenue by by 2028, which will double the GDP of the state.
The residents said that they have requested many times to open the border market, but no one has believed in this demand.
"If someone promises to give 5,000 thousand or 10,000, if there is such a thing; it is wrong because there have been many incidents in our state in the past, especially when talking about debts, people have received 5,0 or shiphew thousand but later they had to pay as ram and owner and interest.
On the same day, along with relatives and leaders of various political parties, members of the HNLC under the leadership of Vice-Chairman, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa took part in the wreath laying ceremony at the cemetery. of Mr. Cherish in Lawmali.
The FKJGP leader in Ri Bhoi, has explained to the youths who have joined the party, that they should not join the party just because they don't have any personal reason or because they don't want to join the party. but to join the Seng itself is not to work for the good and especially to fight for the cause of the nation.
In 2022, the Khasi New Year's Day will fall on the 4th November 2021, according to the calendar and lunar calendar in .
To combat the conditions and problems of fifteenth-century society and especially the backwardness of knowledge, Robert Raikes started a Sunday school.
Those who have any questions may contact Bah PD Lyngdoh, Instructor, Shillong during office hours.
Shillong: The students of NEHUSU on Friday demanded the resignation of the Vice Chancellor (VC), Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. on his inability to discuss and implement the demands of NEHUSU for the students.
During the meeting, the DC, led by Bah Marcus Marten, also discussed the issue of Assam's unrestricted border crossing in those villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border. On the other hand, the DC replied that regarding the problems in the border areas, she has always sent a report to the state government.
He said that the matter is currently under investigation by the Executive Committee of the Department in charge of the market and has ordered to stop the slaughter of cows. until approved by the Executive Committee of the Council.
She said that those who come from far away villages will receive travel expenses and accommodation expenses, so that it will be of benefit to them to come to the place as arranged.
Hosea 6:1.
On the flow of loans, the Minister of State for Home Affairs said, “Another observation of the PMMY is to open up loan opportunities for those living in aspirational districts as identified by the Niti. Aayog, and thus ensures the opening of credit in these districts which are lagging behind in this regard.
The teachers don't have money while the government employees are provided. The teachers have to leave the streets again.
A welcome speech was delivered by Samla Rangbah Bah Rothell Khongsit, who is the leader of the village who has brought about the development of Kongthong Village and the Khatarshnong area as a whole.
Joshi said the disease has not appeared in his body and is currently under quarantine at home.
The Aatmanirbhar Bharat Utsav and National ODOP Awards were inaugurated by Dr S Jaishankar, Minister of External Affairs of India.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle under the leadership of its President Samla Yoodahunki Shylla has lodged a petition with the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lakador Syiem. Jaintia.
In order to keep the dewlynnong clean, the Tourism Department will build adequate tourist attractions for the tourists and it is also planned to build a bird sanctuary. for the tourists to the island so that they can relax in the beautiful forests along with the beautiful songs of various birds.
At the same time, we have lost many lives, we have lost the border and we have lost the land in the city and in the countryside which has been occupied by the army. India.
This year too, Panaliar Village has started to clean up the area which is part of Syntu Ksiar and has also removed some of the signs that have been posted by the JFEPA, Jowai, On the grounds that the NOC issued to the party last year has expired.
When people come home, they ask about the education of their children, the answer from the parents is, “Uh, these two in front of them are very stupid, they don't have enough sense, They are more stupid, and that is why they are like this, while these little ones are better, they are wiser, they are not stupid.
Prestone also rejected the allegation by the AITC Leader that the MDA Government has not done anything for the victims of the shooting by the Assam Police in Mukroh, which happened on 22nd November. .
The suspect is still in police custody for further investigation.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle together with the Mawklot Youth Association has welcomed the President of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. Mawklot villager who returned from Delhi on the 5th of this month with the National Youth Award which he received from the President of the country Pranab Mukherjee on the 4th of this month at Rashtrapati Bhawan, New Delhi.
“The JSU has filed a complaint because we don't have sufficient evidence on this corruption,” said JSU President Lawyerson War.
This comes after a recent incident in which the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has distributed lakhs of medicines to Marten.
Sujith PS won the Best Goalkeeper award.
Drinking half a glass of umsohjew can be beneficial in preventing stones.
He also set a target that his government will put forward the welfare of the farmers and especially the fight against corruption.
Speaking on the occasion, the residents of the area urged the relevant department to take action before there is another flood.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) may separate from the BJP in the coming days after the BJP government has decided to pass a law to allow foreigners to migrate to the North East.
East Khasi Hills, which is considered as the hometown of the school, has reached 77.27% with 2077 students appearing while 1605 students have passed.
The Khasi mandarin of the War region, which was once the most famous in the world, has almost disappeared without the government's attention.
Thank you very much.
Before the start of the programme, the Secretary of the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi, Rgh Kworshon Marbaniang, gave a thanksgiving speech. , but the main program of this celebration was the distribution of prizes to all the children who came to the children's organization.
Hazaribagh's 13-year-old Anuksha Kumari, who scored 22 goals in the sub-junior (tier 1), managed to break Bhutan's defenders and scored She scored a hat-trick in the 17th, 27th and 40th minutes.
On the last day of the festival, thousands of people came to Mawphanlur Hill to witness the beauty of nature on the hill and also to enjoy themselves at the first ever festival. ten years.
He said to be a Hindu you don't have to change your religion but everyone who lives in this country is already a Hindu.
“He added that the BJP has undermined the independence of the Judiciary, Election Commission, Central Government Investigation Team and the independence of the media.
“I am pleased to say that the Barca fans should understand the club's financial difficulties in order to compete with Real Madrid in Spain and other European clubs. ," he added.
We have already witnessed these few days.
We have many things that we would like to discuss, to discuss as Kurs how to build and improve our ksaw ka kpong of longrynieng, Kur ka Jait to make a healthy and strong nation.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said that the government has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. that its party members will go to Rajghat to pray if they are not given permission to hold a protest at this place on the day of Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary.
“The important thing is to open the door for the youth so that they can escape from any misguidance,” he said.
Emphasizing this demand, Bah Passah said that the demand of the union to abolish the Personal Interview is to bring about a clean and transparent and impartial recruitment process in which the applicants should never seek the help of lawyers to get the job they have applied for.
When they dress immodestly, they insult the man and when the man wants to have power, they accuse him of violence, but when it comes to the truth, it is the women who act immorally, and they do it to protect themselves. until the man can't stand it anymore, there are books that they don't understand.
McKeown finished in 2 min 03.14 seconds, beating the record of 0.21 seconds set by USA's Regan Smith. 2019.
Algiers alone killed up to 50,0
He said that although the people are facing many problems, the government and the leaders do not believe anything even after they have gone to inform them many times.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has joined hands with a group of leaders from West Khasi Hills, North West Khasi Hills and the Women's Working Group. wing), they came to Mairang to mark this day by laying flowers and holding a silence, a sign of remembrance and a short meeting, where they held a short meeting. statements from leading leaders.
“The Rajabala MLA has urged the government to send a letter to the Supreme Court requesting that women from Meghalaya should be included in the NRC after providing the documents from the state. There are more than 10,000 women from Meghalaya living in Assam. It is incomprehensible that the Indian brothers in Assam are foreigners while in Meghalaya they are Indians.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister congratulated the school, the members of the Managing Committee and the teachers who have played a major role in the development of the school over the years. When the school was established, it has contributed significantly to the development of the education of the children especially those who come from poor families.
Shillong: The State Government has issued an order to warn the employees of 108 or GVK EMRI not to strike and the Government has also implemented the Meghalaya Essential Service Maintenance Act, produce will work for 6 months.
So cry.
In 1951, a total of 16,829 tourists came to India.
He was accompanied by Hamletson Dohling, Working President and Minister of State and Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary.
The decision was taken after the Congress held a three-day meeting in Udaipur.
Before the march, the song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' was sung. Before that, the district authorities banned the members of the party and the police increased patrols around the Secretariat.
The opening ceremony was attended by Kong DD Syngai, EAC, West Jaintia Hills District.
Amlarem, Lber 18: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Election) of Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that after the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date of the elections, The Election Department of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has set up a Call Center 24×7 for the Lok Sabha Elections,
He said the Central Government has paid special attention to air connectivity for the North East.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, the HNLC has informed that it has received a reply from the government that it has accepted the proposal for peace talks, in which the government has appointed Bah Peter Dkhar, The government and the HNLC have appointed Bah Sadon K.Blah, President of the HNYF as the Ksiang of the HNYF.
Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai as the chief guest laid wreaths at the memorial of Tirot Singh at Warriors Memorial Garden, Kench's Trace, Laban Shillong. Woh Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma were also present at the ceremony.
It is also learned that the smuggling of cattle has a close relationship with illegal drug trafficking, from which the smuggling of cattle has been used to fund the militant groups, which operate well in the state.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday alleged that the police attack against the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) is a political threat. to campaign against the NPP especially the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in the last MLA elections.
He has done a lot for the country and will continue to lead us forward.
The tournament will be held at the newly opened Assam Rifles 18 Hole Golf Course, Laitkor on the 23rd and 24th of this month.
With this victory, these schools will represent East Jaintia Hills District at the State Level which will be held this month.
Shillong, June 17: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Monday demanded that the government should suspend the invitation for applications for various government departments while the roster cannot be revised. System.
Therefore, even these villages in Block I and II, under the same grounds, if the villagers agree, arrangements can be made, so that this work which has been going on for hundreds of years can be completed as soon as possible. .
Dr Akiko Iwasaki, a research scientist, said the human immune system becomes weaker in the head and this cold or lack of heat in the head opens the door for rhinoviruses to survive. ban spending.
It was agreed that the Urban Affairs Department will take over the land (which is not the present Shillong District Jail) and exchange it for the New Shillong Township.
A friend of mine from Ri-Bhoi, who is one of the former leaders, said that he contracted this disease on 11.5.21, when he went to see a doctor in Nongpoh, because of a sore throat. (machine) at the Nongpoh Civil Hospital took 2 hours to explain the disease, besides breaking down (Government goods which have been damaged for a long time).
For those who don't have it, the clothes they have worn once or twice are no longer worn, they don't fit the outdated fashion.
After searching the bodies, the police of Umiam Police Station took them to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
They should not be backward in knowledge and education.
"If the Government itself promises to drop all the cases against the members of the party, the peace talks will go ahead, and it depends on the government's management because if they say that the power is On the other hand, the HNLC, and the cases have not been dropped, the members of the HNLC are still summoned to appear before the NIA and the Magistrate Courts.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that in accordance with the rules of the Model Code of Conduct, for the preparation of the Lok Sabha elections, happily in different parts of the state.
However, he said that if he comes to power in the state, he will bring development works in Khasi Jaintia Hills and appealed to the supporters of the Congress and also called on the supporters of other parties to give their support to the party. The support for the Congress is because only the Congress is responsible for the welfare of the people.
“We strongly condemn this incident,” said Bah Mawthoh.
“Because of the fraud of some people who are members of the Constituent Assembly, the IOA has lost its inclusion in the Constitution of India and has been repealed only in writing,” he said.
As a sign of gratitude for her services and kindness to the Amlarem Sub Division, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem has congratulated Kong JU Kharpuri, SDO Civil Amlarem with gifts.
“We have a target that this Processing Unit will bring about change for 5000 farmers and employment opportunities for the youth across Garo Hills,” he said.
KNIKMS President Pearlet Toi said that the preparation of the museum is progressing well.
“To avoid any inconvenience and to ensure the smooth running of the election and also to avoid any intimidation of the voters, the District authorities have already sent police, CRPF personnel to patrol. every day in the border villages of Block II,” said Arpit Upadhaya.
The reason for the problem: Looking back at the beginning of these problems, we cannot forget the fact that Jowai as the capital of West Jaintia Hills District uses the land of the district where Mynkjai is located.
The day was marked by a rally by the students of the North East Adventist University (NEAU) followed by a public awareness meeting on the disease.
“If we send Meghalaya police, Assam will oppose, if Assam sends Assam police, Meghalaya will oppose, if we send central government security forces, some political parties will oppose, if we don't send. and whom shall we send? We cannot leave the area without security forces,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
However, no one wants to resolve the issue so far," Borah said.
The incident led to the burning of a vehicle parked at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Pangniang said that the availability of Aadhar can affect the infiltration of mynder into the state, but the most important thing to talk about is the faith. Christian.
“Our village has grown and we need PA Systems and our MDC has handed over these,” he said. that is quick to improve the society.
He said that the former Prime Minister (Dr Mukul Sangma) should have praised the MDA government for trying for five years to follow this organic mission but after the The decision to allow the use of chemical fertilizers has not brought benefits to the farmers so that the production of the farmers can increase again and save livelihood for the farmers in the state.
Shillong, July 15: Speaking as the chief guest at a meeting held at the SosoTham Auditorium, organized by the Department of Animal Veterinary & Husbandry, Government of Meghalaya, Minister in charge of the department, Deborah C Marak, said that in 2013-2014, the state produced 1049 lakh tonnes of milk and 822 lakh liters of milk. The production of pylleng has not yet been able to meet the population of the state and these goods have to be imported from other states.
Ravindra Jadeja, the country's greatest cricketer, has decided to accompany his wife in choosing a political party to join the BJP. “I support the BJP (“I Jadela said this after his wife, Rivaba Jadeja, joined the BJP on 3rd October 2019 in Jamnagar.
Shillong, Lber, 14: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday admitted that the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has been elected. NPP candidates in the recently concluded elections in the State.
The next matches of the tournament will be played on the 2nd of March. In the first division, Umkseh Sports Club will play against Pyndenumbri Sports Club and in the second division, Thainthynroh. In the third division, Mawsingshad Sports Club will play against Laitmawpen Sports Club.
These programs or schemes have been implemented by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs with the aim of promoting a full range of sports activities that will bring victory to the domestic and international levels. country is also the same.
In the first half, Silva's team had a 1-0 lead against Man U when the referee drew the cards between The team, although they had scored 10 goals against the opponents, lost 3-1 in their visit to the Old. Trafford.
Those who wish to obtain permission to hold public meetings, rallies or any other election related activities must apply online through the Suvidha App.
He also encouraged the students to plant trees around the area to protect water sources and also to prevent climate change.
Before the match, the flag of the party was hoisted by FD Ramsiej as a sign of the opening ceremony. Bah Benjohnson Lyngdoh conducted a short meeting and a speech by Bah F.D. Ramsiej and Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ in the presence of the office bearers of Kyntiew La I Sap Multipurpose Organizations and also the staff of the office of DSO Mawkyrwat together with the people who came to enjoy this event. day.
Experiment with herbal medicines first, they are not as good as allopathy medicines.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 73217 out of which 68583 have recovered and 1261 have died.
Khlieheiat Lber 22: The Acting Daloi of Rymbai Elaka under the leadership of LK Swer together with the members of the Executive Committee of Rymbai Elaka has held the election of Waheh Shnong on the 16th of this month at the Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai. Dongwah.
In fact, the Cabinet has already sent a proposal to hold mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies where the MDCs have resigned but it has been postponed after the Governor requested it. for clarification on some aspects related to this work.
Therefore, through this day, Bah Renikton encouraged the youth of the area to follow a good example not to have a spirit of fear to join the army.
He explained that rong means happiness and Kusi in War Jaintia means happiness, so Rongkusi means dance and happiness.
The film is produced by Pradip Kurbah from Meghalaya and directed by Sankar Lall Goenka.
The cash prize for the winner will be T.20,000:00 with a trophy and for the runner up will be T.10,000:00 with a trophy. For more information, please call 9774 478073, 825980 8315 and
The award is only for those students who score 85 percent in these two examinations.
He said that the government does not want to implement this policy immediately as it is essential for the protection of biodiversity.
Furthermore, the NPP candidate said that the constituency has improved until the tenure of Dasakhiatbha Lamare as MLA, as he has been able to deliver many development projects in the constituency. He said that the road from Umsning to Sonidan and the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai are the most important roads in the constituency.
“This time too we understand that this will be the report that you will submit within 15 days to implement the Roster System,” he said. we speak clearly.
In the past few days, Bah Jiedstarland Lyngkhoi from Rambrai area, while talking to this reporter, said that he too has been affected by the eye disease.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. Fenela said that the MPDA Act is to prosecute the perpetrator after investigation and proof that he has committed the crime.
In the Group-B match, Kharang beat Madanrting SC 2-1 at Polo Ground on Tuesday.
Kong Nisha explained in detail the methods of cultivation of rice to avoid diseases, pests and the best methods from seed, planting and propagation in the field with the needs of rice. water and fertilizer used.
He said it is sad to see that some MLAs have not sat in the House to listen to their answers because there are only five MLAs of the Opposition who have sat to listen until the end of the House. MLAs in the Ruling Party have all the votes.
Speaking to media after being released on bail, Bah Iangrai said that while he was in the custody of the police after his arrest, the human rights of mankind were violated. He said that he has sent a complaint to the court.
That's what I'm talking about.
Congress Leader in the Lok Sabha Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, who is on a visit to Manipur, said this.
It is difficult for them to return home, especially when they have lost their parents.
Matthew 24:29-30.
Nartiang Presbyterian H/S School beat Khimusniang Presbyterian Secondary School 4-2
Pynshngain said that this time, a strong letter has been sent to the Hima Mylliem that from now on the Law Adong Lum Mawpat should not be discussed within the Hima or within the Dorbar of their chiefs without the approval of the Hima. The District Council has informed the District Council that the forest has fallen under the jurisdiction and responsibility of two groups, the Hima Mylliem and the KHADC. “It is only in the Hima Mylliem because it falls under the jurisdiction of the KHADC,” said Bah Pynshngain.
When asked whether he will join another party, Bah Lyngdoh said that he is still a member of the TMC. He will take over the responsibility once again when he has completed his personal duties and may also have to lead the party as President.
They also said that they are deeply concerned about the situation in Manipur and the silence of the Prime Minister regarding the incidents in the state.
The construction of the road will reduce the distance from 1,100 KM to 600 KM and will no longer require the reliance on the Siliguri road.
So far, the candidates who have announced their candidacy for the MDC election from Mawlai constituency are Bah Teibor Pathaw, incumbent MDC, Bah PT Sawkmie from the UDP, VPP candidate and other political parties. when the election is near.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Deputy Sordar of Diengpasoh Pyllun, Bah Seibor Sana, said that the allegation by HANM is only a propaganda against the village leaders and the village as a whole. and thou shalt not be ashamed.
It is not the first time that the Governor of Meghalaya has spoken in Hindi in the Legislative Assembly.
God has foretold since the time of prophets such as Ezekiel.
According to information received, Bah Tanly Lapasam is a hardworking farmer.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today will lead a delegation of ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government to Delhi for a meeting with the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah. .
The Executive Committee (EC) of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, will be dissolved soon and the UDP may not accept the proposal. lead the EC after the budget session.
Sangma's decision to move to another ship will affect the ethnic political parties who are trying to enter Garo Hills.
He said that climate change is a major threat to the villagers and urged the Village Organizations and school children to refrain from destroying the environment and urged them to join hands with the Dorbar Dorbar Shnongs to achieve good goals to prevent environmental degradation.
This protest is part of the fight against corruption.
Meghalaya State Secretary A Swer has received the Silver Elephant Medal, the highest award of the Bharat Scouts and Guides (MBSG), Shillong. in India for his contribution to the development of the youth of the state and the country while Bah GG Pariat received the Silver Star Award, which is the third highest award in his service.
U Bah Nongsiej, said that the tand has prepared a budget of Rs 10 crore 50 lakh for the temporary protection of these three villages. He said that to complete the construction, it will cost hundreds of crores and will have to be handed over to the Brahmaputra Board.
Another issue that the Congress leader alleged was that he tried to introduce politics of hatred but remained silent regarding the attacks on minorities, SC, ST and OBC. “Why do you use politics? to crush the opposition parties and their leaders," she said.
The second beast is a religious ruler who supports the first beast.
All the shops in these areas have been ordered to close within six months, otherwise the government will take the necessary action.
I think most of them will become Achik land.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (EJHD) today arrested two illegal coal trucks (UP 38 T 4006 and UP 21) at about 2:30 pm. AN 2556, who intended to unload coal at Gold Stone Cement Ltd., Mosiang Lamare, East Jaintia Hills.
“The named individual has denied his involvement.
In J&K, 17,705 of those arrested are between these age groups.
The letter was signed by Jerry Greenfield, founder of Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream, Richard Curtis, a storyteller, Abigail Disney, filmmaker, and Stephen Tindall. “Millions of people in the world have a vital role to play in solving the world's problems,” said Sidney Topol and New Zealand.
We need such inspiring determination and vision to protect humanity in the future.
The Minister said that there is a way to evict the illegal immigrants. At present nothing can be said because the land has not been taken over and the HLC has given the land. idea to be set according to the rules.
Surprisingly, some groups have emerged to stir up the crowd.
“The people of Karbi Anglong who live in Block I and Block II will not accept that the land of 10,434 sqkm does not belong to Karbi Anglong, and we will not give it to Meghalaya at all,” he said.
The price of petrol, according to the price change, today – how will the price of petrol increase or decrease?
According to Nath, the fire lasted for some time and spread to several tall buildings.
The skin of the rynsun is similar to the skin of piat and bundien is usually removed before use, for eating or cooking.
Without talking too much about the more than 40 lakh foreigners in Assam, but the foreigners who have already entered here and this influx which is continuing is terrible.
“We receive about 13,000 liters of milk per day and we can sell only 7,000 liters per day and what we cannot sell has been converted into cream,” said the Plant Manager.
That invasion of the village by the French is like the invasion of the village as much as there is at that time, whether it is a little or a lot.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st November 2022 at the Unitarian Church Jowai and the funeral service will begin at 1:00 pm.
On the same day, there was also a football match called 'Dat Lawakor' which was a match between U Langdoh and U Langdoh. Pynthor-Wah and the Sangsot group, which led the Pynthor-Nein, fought at Pohsawiar.
To stand against groups whose new ideology is hatred, ethnic or religious hatred and who divide society.
She was granted bail on the 15th of November this month after the Magistrate of Nongstoin visited her.
I was in the Congress before but I was expelled from this party.
Intelligence police believe the attack was aimed at Bangladesh and parts of northeastern India, where the JMB is believed to be operating well.
The mother, as soon as she heard this, said, “That's why I've changed, the way you go and the way you come, every day you're the same.” She looked at him with her eyes.
The Synod also urges the parents and students not to have any feelings as the Synod together with the school authorities have taken steps to conduct the classes as they should be so that there shall be no loss of readers.
However, Friday Lyngdoh, President of the Congress Congress at that time, together with DD Lapang and Mukul Sangma, opposed the proposal. The Congress Government which has 29 MLAs has dropped to 8 MLAs.
However, there was no way to enter, as from Dawki it was impossible to escape from the Border Security Force.
War East MDC Gilroy Tariang has sent a letter to the Superintending Engineer of MeECL to implement the sub station at Amlarem for the convenience of the people. this office.
Ardent said that the question of money is not only from the people but also from the candidates who are afraid to ask how much money is needed to contest the election.
The Supreme Court has also directed the Courts to put forward, “(i) first of all, criminal cases against MPs & MLAs punishable by death or imprisonment; life imprisonment, then (ii) cases sentenced by and set along for 5 years or more, and (ii) other cases.
The fish were seized from the suspects and handed over to the Dawki Police Station.
Before the end of 2017, the equipment was purchased and in November 2017, the equipment was completed and installed and electricity was generated.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Revenue, James PK Sangma, today said that the implementation of the One Time Settlement Scheme (OTS) for petrol pumps is from To ensure that the owners of Petro Pumps in Meghalaya come forward to pay the taxes they have paid to the State Government.
He said that Aadhaar is not compulsory in Meghalaya and the registration in Aadhaar is at the discretion of the individual.
As the newly elected Bishop, Rev. Shorot Francis Gomes has served as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Dhaka since
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Congress party today announced its nine candidates for the mid-term elections. Nathaniel Osbert Rymmai, son of HDR Lyngdoh, will contest from Nongspung Sohiong. John Lyngdoh of Pariong, Kimfa Marbaniang of Myriaw Rambrai and Moon Lyngdoh of Laban Mawprem.
According to him, the central government has allocated Rs 6.05 crore for Sub Centres, Rs 6.04 crore for PHCs, Rs 9.25 crore for public health units, financial support for non-governmental health facilities. 3.21 crore.
The Plate Group will start from 1st to 4th November, where Meghalaya will face Arunachal Pradesh.
Because the High Court is farther away, the Muktiars from Garo Hills do not have much time to see the proceedings inside the Court, except for a few Muktiars who have been in office for a long time, the Association said.
It is time to change the mindset so that the people who live in remote villages can get the benefits and development projects allocated for them,” he said.
Sadon said the duty of the Meghalaya government should not end in lodging a complaint against these Assam Police but it is its duty to arrest them immediately.
This reporter found that after the KSU protest, which happened almost two months ago, but the work on the road, has not been done at all and it can be confirmed that the deterioration of the road. The road continues as it used to be, below Laitlyngkot, where only the soil, which falls during the rainy season, has not been collected at all, until these days.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday promised to release half the money to pay the advertisement bills of the government to the media in the state.
" (2Cor 9:7).
Shillong, July 28: A driver of Mawthawpdah PHC, Pillarstone Nonglang, has shot and killed Dr. Iaineh Skhem Lyngdoh, Chief M&HO of Civil Hospital Nongstoin. The incident happened on the 25th of this month at 11:30 pm at the hospital.
It was also reported that the GNLA does not issue guns to its members until they have completed their training.
To fill vacancies in these activities, the AHIDF was amended to extend the scheme to the provision of inputs for further improvement of livestock breeds, vaccine manufacturing and that niut to the spah.
Therefore, it is the duty and responsibility of all to contribute to this young man of the community and the nation”.
you don't have to pay for the car in the morning.
On the other hand, Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, said that as the District Chief, he expressed his gratitude to Prof SP Singh Baghel for his visit to the district. He also encouraged the officers of various government departments and suggested that the district should continue to develop in all aspects. You have developed the district in all aspects.
“I would like to inform you that I have tested positive for covid
His son is also blessed when his car doesn't lose money compared to the past.
Pius Marwein, whom the UDP-HSPDP has confirmed that he will win the mid-term elections in Langrin, has also been nominated. According to reports received from all over the Langrin Constituency.
Remember not to allow them on the day of the wedding.
Notification No.TAD/R/31/50/151 Dated 13.4.1951.
Trump said the move was an insult to his people, who voted for him, about 75 million, in the 2020 presidential election.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, said that after discussing to suspend the Roster System in the state, the government has expedited the invitation for applications. and if the government is allowed to continue to call for the filling of vacancies in this manner, it will be a great loss to the nation.
Earlier, three players, Banjoplang Wanniang, Aibanpynshailin Nongbri and Donald Nongtnger, were taken through the villages of Nonbah Junction, Nongstion Market Complex and ended at NRL Petrol Pump New Nongstion.
Yes – KiwiAh! (2) Lama-Seng will be yours, who have been born in the past, will be yours.
Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), said that today, the State Government has convened a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to inform them of the decision of the Government. to relocate the residents of Themiewmawlong to the temporary Municipal Office at Bishop Cotton Road.
They waited for a long time but he did not come.
The people of Bapli become like brut. When they have finished using it, they break it to the rud and to the nala without anymore.
The list of candidates will be announced on the 4th.
Luckystar Pamthied, President of the Association of Challenged People, Amlarem Block, in his speech, praised and congratulated the Government for the training provided to the disabled by bringing the Vote from Home which has helped and encouraged those to exercise their right to vote and elect leaders.
Charles said that according to the officers, the reason for the non-functioning of the machine is because no employee has passed until it turns into a hole.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Matsiewdor War, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Matsiewdor War to inquire about the progress of the construction of Entry and Exit check gates. point.
NESO President Samuel Jyrwa said the petition has highlighted all the incidents in which youths from the North East have been discriminated against especially women.
In 2022-23, Telangana's revenue will increase to Rs 1.69 lakh per annum, while Andhra Pradesh's revenue will increase to Rs 1.24 lakh, higher than India's revenue. the total amount is T.98,3
On the other hand, the Samaritan, “...when he saw him, he was moved with compassion,
The VPP leader also admitted that the result today shows clearly that the VPP will replace all the ethnic parties in Meghalaya.
In the last session, the opposition had raised the NCM against the Speaker of the House but as he was sent to raise his hand, he won.
Nongpoh, July 21: Congress leaders in Meghalaya, including MPCC President Celestine Lyngdoh, RBDCC President Charles Marngar, Gabriel Wahlang and other party leaders, have been invited to attend the meeting. Congress today called upon the people to come out tomorrow at Madan NSCA Pahamsyiem to welcome the visit of Rahul Gandhi and to listen to his speeches and explanations on rights. and the destruction of the people of the land.
Regarding the situation affected by the incident ha Mukoh, the shopkeepers have requested the Meghalaya government to take immediate action to resolve the issue so that there will be no more problems. I strongly condemn the Assam Police who have committed this crime which has affected the peace and order of the people and they should be punished according to the rules of law.
When there are any duties within these two kurs, we shall be one and the parts of the kur appointed by our ancestors shall be the same.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The BJP Mandal in 57-Dalu Constituency, which has 2,000 members, on Tuesday joined the NCP, led by Saleng A. Sangma, MLA, who will soon join the NCP, along with Torang R. Marak, President of the Nationalist Youth Congress (NYC) Garo Hills, Meghalaya.
The British Government planned Shillong 152 years ago and it is up to the present Government to plan a new city for hundreds of years to come, otherwise Shillong will soon collapse.
Nitish Kumar's JD(U) from Bihar has refused to join Narendra Modi's cabinet because it is against the fact that only U.N. RCP Singh.
Women: Ewan Suchiang, Margareth Pathaw, Badalyne Kharbangar, Aibok Rina, Mihsngewbha Rymbai.
There are about 50,000 Indian and Chinese troops on either side of the border, along with tanks and warplanes.
This is in line with the Government's vision and vision to improve the quality of life and development of the people of Meghalaya, while highlighting many development projects in Williamnagar, including the The completion of roads, the construction of a mini stadium and the improvement of the township.
He said that when the British Government asked for permission from Syiem Tirot Singh to build a road through the Hima Nongkhlaw, Tirot Sing Syiem convened the Hima Dorbar to take a decision and it was also for them. The Hima did not follow the example of Tirot Singh, because the power belonged to the people and not to the Syiem or the ministers.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of World Environment Day on July 5, 2021; The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club through the Social and Welfare Committee, have come forward to clean up the water wells and laundry facilities in all the villages of Mawrusyiar.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through the Right to Information (RTI) Act 2005, has found that the census of the Shillong Municipal Board that there are 342 households living in Iewmawlong area is wrong.
Bless my cattle, my fields, and all that is in my house.
“I have been dreaming for a long time that if we have this border road from Dawki, Lyngkhat, Hat Maityn to Nongjri to Bholaganj, it will be a great blessing”.
The closing date for receipt of entries will be on or before 24 January 2023.
Shillong, Nailur, 16: The Congress on Thursday alleged that the construction of the new Legislative Assembly in New Shillong Township has been a terrible mess.
He said that Jalyiah IVCS has grown well in East Jaintia Hills District as well as in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Monday said that the MP election is a test for the party and therefore they will have to fight hard to ensure that the party wins. The party's MP candidate from Shillong will win.
After investigation, police on Tuesday arrested two of them from Khlieh Shnong, Malki while another was arrested today, said the SP. Rahul Chettri, 24, resident of Mawïong and Rahul Chettri, 24, resident of Dymmiew, died on July 6, 2023 after drowning in the Brahmaputra River while they were swimming. This is a tragic incident for the family and friends of these two youths.
However, at the same time, they said that perhaps there are very few people who take money and don't vote, but many of them still do the right thing and give their votes to those candidates who vote. currency.
“Now the BJP is behind the NPP, it has also invited the ethnic parties to join them,” he said.
According to my research, an elderly man who has taught for 36 years, I have found that the failure of the children in education is due to the negligence of their parents, who just want to increase the class without any reason. .
I would like to thank the Congress leaders who have signed this treaty which has allowed the Nepalis to live in our Khasi Hills and which has made our Hills a place of refuge for the poor. Nepali.
The traffic jam to Upper Shillong has resumed this afternoon, starting at 5 pm.
Borrowers must provide clear and accurate information about their address and mobile phone number.
It reminds me of the words of John Gray, author of the book Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus (International bestseller), in his explanation of the difference between men and women.
While the Cook-Cum-Helpers will provide them well and when it is time for lunch they will be sent to eat at the same time and the Government will pay 50 p.
It is as if young people are about to begin their first life.
He said that although the VPP cannot nominate all the candidates, he said that if the UDP which has 7 MLAs can hold the key to the government, the VPP will be able to win all 15 MLAs.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi District (DRSRBD) on Saturday held a meeting to support the Sur of Mawlai. In Nongthymmai Umsning, they decided to demand that the government should punish those policemen involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheristetfield Thangkhiew, who was shot dead by the police. step 13th January.
Shillong, July 12: Police today arrested the Rangbah Shnong of Mawjongka village in Sohiong area, Bah Sken Shabong, for not allowing him to bury the body of a household within the boundary. u distribu the village because they did not inform the village authorities.
Thangsning SCC FC beat Friends United for the loss of five wickets in 15.5 overs.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, today announced that the National Investigation Agency (NIA) will take up the case to investigate the murder of the son of a former minister. Two NSCN-IM leaders and one Manipuri leader have been arrested.
On this occasion, the MCA will start the kinet program from Tuesday at Jagiroad in Assam and will end on the 8th.
These two crops such as Biskot and Sohsaw from Mawthadraishan area have been exported to Assam and have been a blessing to the farmers who grow these crops.
After the election, Bah Dwijen Ronghang was elected as the new Rangbah Shnong, Basan Nongkseh from Mylliem Hima and also in the presence of the Paiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem. Bah Dwijen Ronghang as the full time Rangbah Shnong to take over the post of Village Administration according to the customs and traditions.
(When we say Khasi, we include the Khasi, Jaintia, Bhoi, War, Lyngngam, Marambad and Biate.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Seng leaders said that three persons have been arrested and released on bail.
Napoleon Siej, Sirdar of Nongjri Elaka, said that the snake is very numerous in the area and the Sirdar believes that the snake is small and angry. and thou shalt injure the old man.
Through sexual intercourse without protection and without knowing the body of the person whether they are HIV/AIDS free or not and it will turn into someone Who can be caught without thinking because there are no special protections.
He said that before joining the VPP, the leaders had thought carefully for many months and the decision to join was because of the issues and goals they had while they were in KHNAM. Hundreds of supporters and members of KHNAM and HSPDP have joined the VPP and were welcomed by the President Bah Ardent Miller. General Secretary Dr Ricky Syngkon, Vice President Dr Kara Shen and other leaders.
The cleanliness drive was conducted in collaboration with Martin Luther Christian University, Col.
In hunger, it leads to stealing and causes to do impossible things and this is not only for humans but for animals as well.
Business to Business (B2B) exhibitions are not allowed to be opened, and the SOP for this will be issued by the Department of Commerce.
The UPD Mairang has nominated Equator L Nongrang as its candidate for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on 13th November this year.
Therefore, the leading leaders have decided to join the UDP party for the sake of the welfare of the party.
In the quarter final, Wahiajer beat Tamu 8-0 on Saturday. Heimonmi Dkhar scored the first goal for Wahiajer in the 24th minute. Reform Pale in the 9th minute, Sauni Phawa in the 70th minute, Oliver Pale in the 85th minute, Gideon Mukhim in the 86th minute and Janerio Phawa in the 92nd minute.
UDP Pynursla Circle President Aihok Khongmalai, Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh MDC Ryngkatlang Lyndem and others welcomed him at the meeting. the party's leading officers.
It is surprising to know and see that such beverages have started to dominate almost all the villages in Shillong, and also in almost all the districts of the state.
The German was identified as Louis Stitzinger.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy was born in Mawsawiat village under the Shella Confederation on July 12, 1884 and is the grandson of Syiem Tirot Singh. Forest Kingdom.
The 3rd MLP Battalion scored three goals through Benjamin Sangma (20), Dao Hi Kharbhih (57) and Ramos Ingti (74).
As (L) Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, who founded the party, taught us to work fairly and avoid prejudice against the people, the party leaders still follow his teachings.
We hope to make this area a hub of various departments of the state and central governments.
As part of the strengthening of relations between the two countries, there was also a screening of a Korean film and a song by K-Pop singer Jang Hanbyul.
He said that the residents who arrived at the scene, immediately helped as much as they could to take the victim to the ambulance to Nongstoiñ.
Shillong: The FKJGP and UHM today at 12 noon to close down the Sharma Tea Stall at Umsohsun Bridge (near Dreamland).
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 27,892 with 20,835 confirmed cases, 6,184 recoveries and 872 deaths, the health ministry said. the Government of India.
However, the people today, although they are educated and know better about the clean and dirty air, it is they themselves, especially those in power, who auction them for profit.
Iran in the past two days has retaliated against Israel in anger over the Israeli attack on the Iranian embassy in Syria in recent months. .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: At 1:40 pm, a vehicle of Dr. Mukul Sangma (who was inside) collided with another vehicle at 3 mer Upper, Shillong. Umlyngka is also a place where commercial vehicles pick up and drop off passengers.
Two other youths, Suraj Tamang, 32, and Elemark Patrick Marbaniang, 18, were arrested from BBS College while they were drinking drugs.
The fund was allocated for the rehabilitation of the Lukha and Lunar Rivers at the meeting of the District Mineral Foundation Trust held on 23.12.19 at the office of the DC East Jaintia Hills who is the Chairman and President. The meeting of the Association held on 11.01 2020 at Kuliang decided that our biggest demand is to protect and restore the Wah Lukha. The work for this will start in the coming months, so we on behalf of the Association have no reason to oppose the Public Hearing of Star Cement which will be held on reservoirs, STP, ETP to protect the Lukha River have been completed.
This was achieved through its prominent driver Antonio Giovinazzi together with teammates Alessandro Pier Guidi and James Calado who gave the team the victory.
The school was inaugurated by Bah Titos in the presence of the District School Education Officer, M Lyngwa, Principal Babu Dmai S Mawniuh, members of the Management Committee. Committee, Village Leaders, Doctors from Swer PHC and Parents of the School Children.
Young guns CC were bowled out for 10 wickets by 131 runs in 32.1 overs.
“Of course, I understand the concern expressed by the HYC on this issue.
“With this lottery, I have been able to use it for my family life and other needs especially in these difficult times,” said Bah Marweiñ.
In the Editorial of the newspaper, U LUM SHYLLONG, 27.8.82, it was written that the Government has warned the owners of houses not to give rent to anyone who has it, because of the danger of forest fighters or insurgents. cannot enter your country.
They said that this road is important, because many vehicles pass through this road, but due to the poor condition of the road, the people have faced problems especially during the rainy season.
KSU West Jaintia Hills General Secretary Leningrad Tariang said that they have received information from the residents of Moojem that there is an intention of the Karbi to cross the border in the land owned by the Khasi Pnars.
That's why I was back inside," he said.
The incident happened at about 3:00 pm, said the Waheh of Bakur, Daniel Khongsit.
You must give it to him how he wants it.
Larihun Songthiang (4, 21 min), Melaribha Lyngdoh (25 min) and Sodawanki Suchiang scored the first goals for North Liberty. Shylla.
Passah said the army has requested 18 acres of land belonging to the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department for the construction of the sanctuaries.
“We thank all the people from different churches, religions and races who have been with the church of God,” said Rev AC Moore.
usually the head and tail of the rynsun are cut off before shet.
And if you eat enough of these fruits or vegetables, but too much lifestyle, smoking and excessive pollution can be the reason for the lack of nutrients for vitamin C and D among others.
I wish Meghalaya to continue to grow in the film industry.
On the other hand, it is impossible not to include school teachers as most of the time of children's lives is spent in schools.
Now comes the Lyiur, "This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
At the same time, the cross gives hope that the struggle for the rebuilding of a better society will never end.
Police said that the victims are from the villages.
Just as you choose the right drivers and masters, choose the right leaders.
However, who doesn't have ST?
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) would like to clarify that the statement of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and the report of the government authorities that there is no uranium waste storage facility in Jynrin is a guide. mislead the public with falsehood and hide the truth.
Before dawn on the 4th of June, 1981, everything was ready to start the climb to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng. clear Lum Heavenly.
Like other ancient books that emphasize that men are powerful and masters over women and can do whatever they want with their lives, the book of Esther is a book that shows that women they are merely commodities that men or society can buy, own, do with as they please and throw away or reject if they are no longer needed.
The Waheh Shnong said that while the residents were thinking of planting trees, some of the residents saw the increase in the smoke from the Karbi invasion.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that 61 villages in Lapih belong to Meghalaya.
“The demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state is being closely monitored by the government and the government of India,” he said.
Prestone also informed the public that the supply of beverages in the state is plentiful and the public should not have any fear, as the Government has been monitoring this every day. He said that the Central Government has sent more rice through the PMGKAY special scheme for the months of June and July at the rate of 5 kilos per capita to each household under the list. The Government has also urged all the vendors to collect the rice from the FCI Godown so that it can be distributed to the people this month.
Fourthly, the two States should create mechanisms for dialogue among the residents of the border areas and to give them the freedom to choose and decide for themselves what is best.
He said that the Executive Chairman has promised to take up this issue at the meeting of the Review Committee of the State Government.
Referring to the food items under the NFSA scheme, the Symbud Myntri said that Meghalaya is still in short supply of food items. Curfew or lockdown across India.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs, Youth and Sengbhalang are concerned about the desire to bring peace and stability in the state. in connection with the murder of Bah Thangkhiew.
Teibok Kharkongor, Assistant Secretary Balakmen Dkhar, three Joint Secretaries, Rapbor Mawlong, T. Sawian and Damarson War have been appointed as Treasurer. Lamphrang Mylliem Umlong, Chief Organizer Franky Massar, Organizing Secretary Asterious Lyngdoh, Public Secretary Roveno L. Mawnai, Assistant Secretary Raymond, Advisers and Executive Members.
If those who claim to be Christian pious and intellectuals have failed to achieve their goals, then they should not forcefully pursue a goal that they cannot reach.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to prepare for the Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which will start on the 23rd of this month.
Many members and leaders of the NPP, UDP and BJP came to join the Congress at a meeting held at Pala's residence in Lamyrsiang.
Shillong, July 24 : A day after the Leader of the Government of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma visited South Garo Hills especially Siju Karukol and Rongdong, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma today visited the South Garo Hills. Garo Hills is the only country in the world.
Shillong, March 10: Three unidentified robbers have shot dead Head Constable Atma Ram of A/67 Assam Rifles at around 9 am this morning. Star College, Nongthymmai.
Look, he didn't know that as the Chief Minister he should have asked the ECI for two or three months.
Lakhon Biam, MDC of the city and BJP leader in Jaintia Hills has appealed to the people of Jaintia Hills in all the 29 constituencies to go to their MDCs to force them to bring a decision within the party. the Iing Dorbar of JHADC where the mining and transportation of coal.
“It is learned that some people have paid for this demand of the HNLC through people who have been authorized by the HNLC to collect money.
“To be a midfielder, I like to score and pass.
And it has not been implemented yet even though many churches have wanted to implement this Bill so that it will be like a stieh to protect our minority.
Joshua said he cannot say who will contest but he will contest with other candidates.
He said that he joined the AITC because he saw that only this party can fight against the rule of the BJP. which does not interfere with any faith or worship of God, but allows all citizens of the country to worship according to their faith.
If the NPP-led MDA Government is really concerned about the lives of the people living on the border, it should work hard to find ways and means to end this invasion of the Government. Assam especially in the Phase-II demarcation which will be held in July or June
Speaking on whether the alliance with the BJP has affected the image of the party, Dr Kharlukhi said, “The NPP stands for the welfare of the villagers and we will fight against it. “If it is the Congress or the BJP, if there is a struggle against the villagers,” he said, adding that the party has made it clear that it will leave the NDA if the Citizenship is approved. Amendment Bill.
Foreign Manufacturer's Certification Scheme (FMCS): There are 1107 licenses in force against 146 different regulations from 57 countries.
The AITC also raised questions whether teachers are not the shapers of the future of the state because through them will emerge young people who will carry the future of the state, but the strike for salary is not working. affecting not only the current students and students but also the future generation.
Two experts in the field of agriculture, including Blueming Suphai, gave talks on the new techniques of cultivation of syieng, which will benefit the farmers and in the field of Tit, he gave a talk on the new techniques of cultivation of syieng. The training was conducted by Bah Kit Kharpran and Bah K. Ryntathiang in the presence of Tymmen Basan P. Rani and other leaders from Mawdem Presbytery.
Some of the residents have set up food shops along the road to the tourist spot, accommodation, shops selling furniture, clothes, agricultural products and others where tourists do not stop at visiting. but they also spend money to buy or eat in these shops.
He said the 2-lane Western Bypass will start near Lad Umsaw and end at Lad Mawreng.
The union has set a deadline for the government to pay the salary until the 13th of this month.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has sent a show cause notice to the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Phidalia Toi, on charges of violating the Model Code of Conduct by participating in the election rally of the MSCW candidate. NPP from Jowai and Bah Wailad.
At this time of the outbreak of coronavirus (covid-19) in the world.
He said that if the people elect him, he will stand alone to voice the causes of the Jaidbynriew in Parliament.
The decisions of the higher authorities have been violated in many ways.
In a statement, KHNAM informed the Minister that on 6th July, it had collected water from GSWS 4 1⁄2 Mile Upper Shillong and sent the water for testing to the Pasture Institute, Lawmali, Shillong.
If we say that we have love, we must show it by our actions.
Dr Achan Mungleng, who initiated the EBO Scholarship Program for Burmese children, delivered a speech at the meeting.
On the 24th, 25th and 27th, 28th and 29th October 2020, all taxis and auto rickshaws will not be allowed to travel. of the District Transport Officer (DTO).
“The case against Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) leader Yasin Malik should be reviewed and action should be taken because in democracy like in India even the killers of the Minister Rangbahduh is still forgiven,” said the PDP president after the NIA went to court to demand the execution of Malik in the hands of the law.
The family of these children learned of the incident after they told her after the death of their mother on 15th March 2015, when the children went to stay with her and gradually told. and for that reason, they were slow to lodge a complaint, which was lodged on 22nd June
Besides the awards to the finalists, the Best Player award went to Baiaiishah Makri and the Top Scorer award went to Cleophas Makri. Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning, was the chief guest and Bah Arki Nongrum, Meghalaya Football Association, was the chief guest. Nongpoh Sports Association and others.
He said the department has sent a letter to India to take the vehicle or hand it over to Assam but has not yet received any reply.
Shillong, July 07: While the UPA government is planning to make the Food Security Bill one of the campaign issues in the Lok Sabha elections, the state government has not yet decided to do so urgently. prepare that it may go smoothly and without delay.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said, “Such a training scheme has been introduced only for the youth in the Urban Area through the Municipal Department. training the youth to go to the rural areas".
Superintendent of Police (SP) Goalpara VV Rakesh Reddy P said that during the investigation, Ali confessed that with the help of the DTO of East Garo Hills, he had committed the crime. He also admitted that there were about 30 vehicles which had been robbed of these documents.
After half an hour, about four persons came and grabbed the shopkeeper and her son, stole the money from the shop and fled. from this bag.
Various political parties have also been warned not to search for trade licenses or bill licenses without going through the proper procedures.
In this regard, the district authorities have received information about the incident from the school.
So he ran to look and saw that the man was wearing a blue robe.
Noting that there are some people who are trying to mislead the people that the VPP is trying to create ethnic differences, the President said that the party has no intention of raising this issue in the House. to discriminate against, harass or discriminate against other ethnic groups residing in the State.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 8: The Nongstoiñ Police Station, today conducted an inspection of the shops near the schools, around the town, as part of the reminder to the shopkeepers. shops, please be aware that the COTPA Act 2003 prohibits the sale of alcoholic beverages or foods that are harmful or harmful. The health of school children including Kwai, Beer, Cigarettes, Raja, Khaini, Rajniganda and others.
When asked about the departure of NPP MLA Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella to the BJP, he said that she may lose her ticket because Conrad will contest from the constituency. Conrad said that at present he has not had such an idea and neither have the party workers from the constituency.
According to these leaders, if the government installs a weighbridge in this area, it will also cause many problems to the people especially to the tourists. will undoubtedly cause traffic jam on the road in Nongpoh.
Drivers have to wait 2 to 4 days to unload or transport the goods of these factories for export and also goods such as fly-ashes imported from Assam.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: Today, 10th June, 2023, the Medical Superintendent (MS) of the 100 Bed Hospital, South West Khasi Hills District, Dr.W.Sutnga convened a meeting. The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the South West Khasi Hills District to discuss how to improve the work of the hospital.
The Act also states that more foreigners are allowed to open hotel shops than locals.
Speaking on the increase in tourism, Paul said that this year about 15 lakh tourists have come to Meghalaya despite the fact that the state does not have an airport or a railway.
Jirang, June 20: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KSPS) today distributed relief goods to 350 households in Jirang area, Ri Bhoi District. Mynnar Presbytery, who have experienced the incident of the cold weather in the past few months.
Speaking to reporters, NPP Working President Pynthybor Chyne said, “We will lodge a complaint with the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Hamletson Dohling to demand suspension. The Sirdar of Mawlong, because he is one who has destroyed other tribes.
“It is for this reason that people say that there is no confidence in the District Councils,” he said. The powers of the District Council shall not be violated.
Ianoh will give you something to eat.
“Of course, some of them have been implemented and some of them are still pending but now we have ordered not to implement them all,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Kongbrailatpam Manjit Sharma scored the first goal for FC Bengaluru United in the 51st minute.
The words danda and kyoh mynthi in the lyrics are clear, modern and relevant and relevant throughout the times and some of the songs have inspired to change the shape and promote the spirit of change in the song. society in which it cannot be regarded as a pure song.
Children from all over Mawlong including Sohbar, Laityra, Tyrna, Laitkynsew, Ichamati, Majai, Shella and some neighboring villages came to participate in the programme.
“I urge the farmers to come and collect the seeds from the BDO office,” said Shylla.
The body was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
“If Meghalaya, India and the countries of the world want to develop in all aspects, we need contractors who have a role to play in implementing and running many jobs,” said Bah Commander.
It is understood that the people were shot with AK 47 and SLR rifles, but the reporter could not confirm whether it was the police or the BSF who shot, as at that time, there were also soldiers. police and BSF during the incident.
It is to be recalled that the Rngaid Development Society and the All Meghalaya Dancers Association have reached Season III to search for the talented dancers of South West Khasi Hills. West every year to promote them to the State level as well as to the Northeast Level and National Level and so on.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister praised the efforts of the leaders and members of the Meghalaya Koch Association for holding this meeting for the past 54 years.
The party has expressed its regret over the emergence of ethnic differences between different groups and urged those groups who want to wage war to refrain from any evil deeds that could lead to you are right.
V Narayanasamy confirmed that he would discuss the matter with Sonia Gandhi and explain the feelings of the party workers.
The PITNDPS Act will serve as a strong framework to impose strict penalties on any person who has a bad reputation as a drug trafficker or a person who has been involved in drug trafficking, whether small or large. heh, shall be prosecuted under this Act and shall be liable to imprisonment for up to 3 months which may be extended to 10 years.
This is taken and poured into a molasses container by engine.
According to Conrad, members of the ANVC and ANVC-B are still being arrested by the police and the arrest of them was not from the forest or public places but from the forest. “Is this the victory of the government,” said Conrad.
Jowai, June 02: The President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Jaintia Zone, Samla Shaniahlang Suchen on Saturday said that the party fully supports the issue raised by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. MLA), that it is time to review the Reservation Policy which is too biased at the present time and the Rooster System should be suspended.
“Most of the time students should spend is focusing on papers because education is essential,” he said.
Because the way of doing things in urban and rural areas is different, what we need is to have what are called Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) or what I like to call Dorbar Sor.
“I am surprised how you elected an MLA like this man, who speaks like a child, how many times we spoke in the Assembly in the last session, he didn't see.
Many schools have not yet submitted the internal marks of 20 marks to be included in the marksheets of SSLC candidates to the MBOSE as the government has imposed a curfew before the last date.
JSU Khliehriat Circle President JSU Khliehriat Circle has sworn in the new office bearers of JSU Khliehriat Circle for the term 2023-2 The President of JSU Khliehriat Circle, Samla Livingson Sama, gave a short speech to the members of the JSU Khliehriat Circle. Winson Salahe, Vice President of JSU Khliehriat Circle, welcomed the guests.
AL Hek came to Khanduli to seek support for the BJP Lok Sabha candidate Sanbor Shullai.
The rally passed through Ladthadlaboh, Newhill, Iawmusiang, DC Office, Stand War and ended at the District Library, Mynthong, Jowai.
“Mom, I'm gone,” said Gratia and tried three times to leave the yard.
Hundreds of people came out with placards and banners to express their strong opposition to the dumping of garbage in the area.
On this occasion, the HYC Sawsymper Circle also held a drawing competition on the theme “Natural Environment” and the winners of this drawing competition were awarded with prizes. Pearly Stone Academy Secondary School, Mawryngkang, East Khasi Hills District where all the students have passed 100% in the MBOSE results. year 2023.
TMC Kharkutta MDC Cherak W. Momin, Trinamool Congress Legislative Party Leader Dr Mukul Sangma and other leaders addressed the rally at Chenanggre Stadium. I'm back.
Meghalaya beat Sikkim by four wickets.
I don't want to end there, but there should be a krajwed or more,” said Halbert, agreeing with his father's words.
The desire of the people of Ri Khasi has been shattered even though until the last moment they are still trying to wait for the government to be led by the National Party.
Pyrkhat Paslein scored the three goals for Iooksi in the 36th minute, Ngaitmi Syngkon in the 56th minute and Pyrshang Tangliang in the 62nd minute.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the reply received from the Syiem of Raid Marwet on the NOC for the construction of a casino in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, is not acceptable. The Council and it is still suspecting that there is something behind it so they have to investigate further.
Wadbor shullet.
If you put or grind the 'ñiuh kseh' in a grinder, you will find that it will not be clean because the 'ñiuh kseh doesn't have water like it used to. the leaves of pudina are in the leaves of many kinds of plants.
The launch of this website is a sign of the celebration of the International Day for Persons with Disabilities.
She also alleged that there has been no development in the state in the last four years of MDA rule. On these allegations of the AITC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said: “If you want to know the facts, you should investigate from the people,” he said. “If you want to know the facts, you should investigate from the people. He said that the MDA government has been able to provide proper services to the people by giving an example that the government has already spent at least Rs 6000 crore on roads alone.
The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday seized a suspected heroin and arrested a suspect.
The meeting was attended by various MDCs of JHADC, Minister of State Sniawbhalang Dhar who is MLA of Nartiang who conducted the meeting and other NPP and UDP leaders from various places.
NEHU will continue to do these things and will continue to do so until the end.
The fire brigade said the bus caught fire when it fell from a bridge and crashed into the railway line between the districts of Mestre and Marghera in northern Italy.
Stressing on the need to develop the villages, the Minister said, “Through the EAP, we will develop the villages and develop tourism projects in these villages.
“We would like to confirm here that the door of the MPCC is open immediately for those who wish to return,” said the statement.
How does the shop die Jain pat?.
Shanbor Shylla, Assistant General Secretary, Sngewhun Swer, Publicity Secretary, Saiñborlang Swer, Finance Secretary, Joslang Sympli and four other members of the Executive.
When the Dkhars worship idols to some extent, we should be more.
In a thorough discussion with the participation of many Members, it was agreed that the area where the dispute between the house of Bah Let and the house of Bah Shanbor should be resolved by the village once again. I will never again be afraid.
On the 8th of November 2023, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills have destroyed an illegal coal factory.
At the meeting, these leaders said that there will be cooperation between Mizoram and Nagaland on the needs of the region.
In Meghalaya, we don't have a place to play with cars and two wheels although there are those who are skilled in this field.
The Secretary of the Steering Committee said that the PCF has sent a letter of support to Rev Basaiawmoit.
Regarding the inspection, in which the HANMs, had the opportunity to get information from the Otdieng Factories and also from the Kyiad Factories, Bah Louis Dohtdong, while speaking to media, said that They are sorry, because during their inspection they found that the number of employees in these factories, is more foreigners compared to Khasi youth.
From 17, the number of paid members of Bah Shylla has now increased to
The problems we face and have to fight in society whether it is corruption, tyranny or injustice, unemployment and others come second or later.
Therefore, I found that “what a coincidence!” or an unexpected and encouraging coincidence.
He also asked the BJP party in the state why it has been listening to this corruption and the social welfare department has put this rice, because according to his information, from the secretary of the state. The Food Supply Minister said that the allocation of rice for the Supplementary Nutrition Program and for the Midday Meal is going smoothly while schools are closed.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA of the Congress Party from Nongpoh, today sent a letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, to urge him to hold a Special Session or The Special Session shall discuss only the border issues of Meghalaya.
However, with the ability to tied the ball, with 11 goals so far in the tournament, Harmanpreet used a strong drag-flick to find the way to score. GB goalkeeper James Mazarelo scored the first goal of the match.
During the programme, all Christians who wanted to return to the old faith were welcomed according to the ancient customs by washing their feet.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today urged all the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong to monitor the entry and exit of foreigners in the villages especially after the incident in Manipur.
The AOG is one of the ways in which the world can spread the message of hope to unite mankind to live in peace and harmony in the world. community.
He said the government will strive to release the remaining 22.5% of the arrears in the 2020-2021 fiscal year.
Thus we understand that cleanliness is also in the sense that it can encourage or encourage the cleaners to cleanse.
Shillong, June 07: The CCIB has elected Kmen Myrching as Secretary and J. Donbor Dkhar as Asst Secretary of the CCIB. The state government and especially the health department in charge of this has raised a big question mark.
Shukla said the VC is the appointee for temporary posts including Group A/Group B. The appointment of Rohit Prasad is not permanent and this will affect him. the vice-chancellor is in trouble.
Shillong, Lber 15: Nongmensong CC beat Sunrise CC by seven wickets in the Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2024 on Saturday.
She said that she has found it very difficult to support her family in these days of protests especially as she earns her living by selling goods in Nohkalikai.
Revelation 8:7-1
Anyone found violating the order will be punished according to the law and prosecuted under the provisions of 188 IPC. This order will come into force immediately until further notice.
According to the residents of the village, the incident happened when Lusiana Sohtun was trying to cross the road to go to the shop of her beloved. shiliang road but suddenly the truck came out and hit him.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the BJP Mahila Morcha has slammed Bah Muktan and alleged that his allegation against Bah Mawrie is only to justify his departure from the BJP. others.
“This is through information received from these three communities and two churches – the Chin Baptist Association and the Evangelical Baptist Church Convention.
The union will once again send a letter to the DC's office demanding an independent and impartial investigation to find out who is involved in this case whether it is companies or private individuals.
The Right to Freedom of the citizens of India under the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution of the Government of India has now been lost. through the Government to repeal the Indian Constitution under Articles 19 to 35 without thinking about why it has to use force immediately even to repeal the Indian Constitution.
The CME was sponsored by the National Health Mission, IMA and NEIGRIHMS. and IMA President Prof.C Daniala.
But if they do, tomorrow I will tell my father so that they will understand our power.
Lasky Rymbai, MDC of Tuber constituency in his speech said that this vehicle will not only serve the residents of Tuber Shohshrieh but also the neighboring villages if they need urgently at any time.
I will see to it that I get more tickets in hand if they give me another opportunity," said Gupta, who is also a school teacher at the American School in Doha.
According to the report, 51.91 per cent of the population in Bihar is poor, followed by 42.16 per cent in Jharkhand and 37.79 per cent in Uttar Pradesh.
Tynsong said that today's meeting is only the beginning of the discussion and the core committee will meet again on the 4th of November to discuss the suitable candidates. the decision of the candidate who should take over the seat of the Speaker of the Dorbar shall be taken.
From the latter, the words kti, sti, date, torti, road, matti, knife, knife, shimti etc. may include the words iapan juti, bread, with an explanation that they are not words. Khasi culture.
The Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be exclusively for boys and girls under 14 and 17 years.
It’s a fact that the almost annual rise in tuition fees puts pressure on parents.
“The people of Sohra understand how much they have benefited from tourism and Mawkyrwat and South West Khasi Hills District also have no shortage of tourist attractions, but the government is not ready to improve the facilities. “There is a lot of trouble in the area,” said Commander Shangpliang.
Shillong, Nailur 06 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the State Government will take a decision soon regarding the complaint received against the students preparing to study medicine on behalf of the state government.
Nongpoh: Lawanda Diengdoh from Mawhati has been crowned the winner of the Grand Finale of the Ri-Bhoi Idol 2019, which was organized by the Ri Bhoi Idol Competition. Ri-Bohoi Entertainment Society.
Police are conducting investigation to identify and arrest the suspect.
Abhilash Baranwal, expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of this fish seed pond which is also the first in India implemented by the VEC Lahaleiñ and said that this is through the donation. Bah H.Kharbuki and the hard work and commitment of the Fisheries Department, Basin and C&RD Block Wapung.
He was speaking after Congress leader and incumbent MP Shillong Bah Vincent H Pala said that the NPP has invited candidates from other parties and invited the former MLA. Umroi, Bah George Lyngdoh to be their candidate for the upcoming elections.
She is expected to hold a meeting in Tura tomorrow before leaving for Baghmara.
In the third match, Panaliar beat Chutwakhu 2-0 with goals from Kevin Siangshai in the 20th minute and Risalan Kynjing in the 52nd minute.
On the other hand, we see that most of the citizens are quick to criticize those people who join political parties.
“However, these are the reasons why the state will be suddenly ready to implement the NEP 2020 within two months after the speech of the Minister of Education to the media,” said Dr. Kara.
Shella came second with 14 gold, 12 silver and 8 bronze medals.
So this way of thinking must be changed, it is wrong to say that one or another industry is bad.
The days passed quickly, and the children of Kong Lumspah and Bah Shanbor also grew up.
The Mawhati MDC, expressed his regret to see the verbal fight between Angela Rngad and Prestone Tyngsong, because instead of discussing and giving advice on how to do the best, For the people of the state, but as of now, it has been seen that there has been a handshake between the people, but the problem will be faced by the people.
Although there is a strong suspicion that the woman has coronavirus, doctors have not been able to confirm, as there is no test for the patient.
Other categories will receive trophies and prizes including T.5,000/- for the first place, T.3,000/- for the second place and T.2,000/- for the third place.
The Sein Kur Dkhar has honored Ajay Dkhar who has scored 6th in the First Ten Positions in the HSSLC Commerce Stream examination announced by the MBOSE recently.
That's enough,” said Niakha. The Rangbah Shnong, having understood this, after a while left to arrange for the burial of Rida and her son.
Because it is easier to escape from illness and suffering in our lives.
Jowai, July 20: KSU Amlarem Circle today held a meeting at Pdengshakap Dorbar Hall in the presence of all the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary School as well as the elders of Satpator Elaka. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs and the Union of 20 Villages, where they discussed the condition of the road from Amlarem to Pdeng shakap.
Shainki Dkhar (Neinshnong-B SC) was awarded the Player of Tournament title, Goal Keeper was awarded to Pharki Ryngkhlem (Neinshnong-B SC) and Kordeinlin Sport Club won the Best Discipline award.
In the letter, Bah Titos said, “There has been a frequent power outage in the Sohra area in the past few days which has put the residents in great trouble.
He said that Ukraine at this time needs more powerful weapons that are compatible with Russian weapons.
The General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, said that no outcome of the meeting was announced and for this reason it is difficult for the Rangbah Shnongs to convene a meeting to explain to the public.
Police on the morning of 25th June seized about 340 rounds of anti-aircraft ammunition and four boxes from a forest area in South Garo Hills.
However, the Seng found that this has not helped, as they have not yet learned English and Hindi and many foreigners are able to apply and getting more marks in Matric has led them to be selected in the Matriculation examination. the Merit List and this is not appropriate to select only by the merit list by looking at the merit marks, without based on other factors.
However, the government and the JMB said that it is not as claimed in the report of the Union.
Shillong, November 13: The Search and Rescue Team of the Fire and Emergency Service and Police of Mawlai Police Station on Tuesday recovered the body of a child who had fallen into the water of Mawlai Police Station. The Umkhrah River has not yet been confirmed whether it is a girl or a boy.
“The Kur Syiem Mylliem (Kpoh Mawlai) firmly believes and hopes that the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Jambor War will resolve all these issues and bring about transparency in the Khadar rule in the Iingdorbar. The Hima Mylliem and especially that it should follow the order of the Meghalaya High Court,” said the two.
This means that those MLAs who do not resign from the post of MDC or MLA before that date will be punished under this Act.
New Delhi, July 12: Many differences have arisen not only in the parties that the BJP has been allied with, but also within the party itself where many of its leaders have been involved. The party and other allied parties are unhappy with the election of Narendra Modi as the leader of the BJP in the 2014 Lok Sabha MP elections.
U Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his regret over the rejection of the development schemes of the state government by the church groups for the benefit of the residents.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Dorbar, on the occasion of the honoring ceremony of Dr.WR Kharlukhi, MP from the NPP in Nongthymmai Umsning, has submitted a petition to the MP. Sabha, which is a request to the MP to provide special assistance in allocating T.18.77 crore for the construction of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar National Dorbar Hall, which is planned to be built in one of the The land is owned by the Sirdar of Nongpoh.
For Meghalaya, the most important part of this celebration will be the honor of the heroes of the hill state who gained their own state from Assam.
The party leaders said the party has decided to support Rev Basaiawmoit.
These words may be more appropriate for Kong Sincerity Phanbuh, who has written many poems that have brought fame and awards for her.
Examples of these devices are water purifiers using modern nanotechnology; a Solar Food Dryer; Tea leaf harvesting machine; The LPG cylinder gas is not included in the list.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Martle, who is contesting from the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Mawkynrew, said that unlike before, the candidates who are contesting the election in these days using the power of money only to win elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha, on Tuesday said that the government will set up an independent inquiry into the allegation that the Director of Soil and Water Conservation Department, Bah D Langstieh, has been involved in the murder of a woman. work in this department as an Orderly Peon.
This nation is also known as a nation of morality.
She recalled that it is through the Congress party that the state has developed in all aspects, whether it is in agriculture or development projects in the state, including the establishment of NEHU, NEIGRIHMS, NEC and other miscellaneous offices, which promoted citizens in the state.
In his resignation letter, Hima alleged that his departure from the BJP was due to the bias in the party's work in Meghalaya under the leadership of Ernest Mawrie.
In the 53rd chapter of the Book of Isaiah, the Prophet Isaiah paints a picture of the Savior as a lamb before the shearer.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Home Department, on Thursday said that one of the problems faced by the police department is the shortage of staff – not less than 3500-4000 people.
That’s what we have to express.
Prestone Tynsong said the postponement of the work of these Councils is due to the spread of Covid-19 in Meghalaya and the world as a whole.
Since the opening of the morning section at the school in 2005, he has been appointed by the school authorities to be the incharge of the morning section.
“The person whose name has appeared in the national media is an accused person and not a convicted person.
He added that after the work was carried out, only one company participated, therefore the tender was sent again to resume the work. In June, the installation will be completed and work can resume.
The KSU strongly condemns the misuse of the powers entrusted to him by the VC in which he has acted and taken personal decisions on all matters and the working methods of the NEHU. The KSU said that the actions of the VC are part of the insult to the foreigners who work and study at NEHU. The KSU condemns and will not forgive such actions.
When asked who led the way to sell and drink drugs, he said that no one led the way but it was just a drug and because he was too involved in these activities.
He said the issue was also raised at the North East Forum where they have their own parties, but it did not reach its goal.
Therefore, the party with one voice will not allow the Government of India and the State Government to come and mushlia and if the government uses force, the party will not hesitate to fight even if it happens. and I didn't even pour out my blood on the ground.
Shillong, June 4: Heavy rainfall and landslides have struck different villages in Betasing Block, West Garo Hills on Friday night.
The public is advised to refrain from crossing streams, rivers and streams during the rainy season.
Although the union has received information through the media that many offices of NEEPCO have been relocated from Shillong, the management of NEEPCO is still burning and has clarified that there is no office. of NEEPCO which has been relocated from Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: To protect the environment and to conserve water, u Rangbah Croningstar Khongtani of Laitmynrieng village has taken the initiative to plant a tree alone near a well in the village. Shillong-Pinna-Dawki highway.
The festival started on the 12th with drama performances in the ïungwalieh and the central theme of the festival is “A syiem Myntdu to carry to keep the law from the beginning”.
“If the President of the country confirms that she will come, it will be confirmed within the next 24 hours, we will be able to invite her to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong Ropeway Project,” he said.
It is learned that the trader is from Nongtalang and it is highly suspected that the robbers after learning that the trader lives in Amdoh came to attack and loot the belongings of the house.
This means that in areas where there are only Khasi-Jaintia or only Garo, it cannot be but if there are areas where there are many Khasi-Jaintia but there are few Garo, it will be difficult to implement the 40-40 percent quota. .
He said that the union will visit the 42 trucks seized by the Mawlai Police Station on Tuesday.
“There will be wise judges who will judge the words and the melody.
Amid the complaints of MPs in the ruling party, Modi said his government would return to power after the 2024 elections.
I believe that all drug users want to quit, but it is very difficult.
ACHIK Garo Hills has a different view, in which it does not express its opposition but expresses its own issue for the Garo people and requests the VPP to speak out. on this issue of them as a nation.
Referring to Meghalaya, Himanta Biswa Sharma said that the decision on the chief minister of Meghalaya will be taken after the BJP knows exactly how many MLAs it will get this time.
In Jaiaw, 2 cases in Jail Road, 2 cases in Jhalupara, 2 cases in Laban, 4 cases in Laitumkhrah, 4 cases in Mawlai, 1 case in Mawprem, 1 case in Nongmynsong, 3 cases in Nongrim Hills, 3 cases in Nongthymmai, Rilbong 1, Rynjah and Umpling 2 each.
Therefore, the first threat to the state is the death or turning of the rivers in the coal areas of the state if the state government does not surprise the people, said Mohrmen.
Officers from the Custom (Preventive) HQ Shillong on 29th June seized 27.992 kilos of ivory and arrested one person involved in the illegal activity.
Shillong, July 2: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Friday inaugurated the European Union (EU)-India Global Gateway Conference in the presence of Chief Minister Rajkumar Ranjan Singh. Ugo Astuto, EU Ambassador to India and Bhutan and Santosh Jha, Indian Ambassador to the EU. The meeting was opened to strengthen dialogue and recognition. the needs in terms of communication in this area.
The smuggling of coal to Bangladesh by the BSF has been arrested by the Border Security Force (BSF). Lum Garo is covered with cubit trees that have been tied together to be sent to Bangladesh.
Toshar Hajong of SCA-B top scored with 2/27 while Harris Ahmed scored 2/4
Shillong: After the approval of the security police, Agnes Kharshiing, has moved to her residence in Laitumkhrah, from 21st June
Everyone knows that brushing twice a day is the most important thing to get rid of diseases and infections and to have clean and healthy teeth.
He said everyone should work for the bringing of peace and ensuring an environment conducive to dialogue and reconciliation.
Speaking on the launch, Sachidanand Upadhyay, MD, Lord's Mark Biotech, said, “We look forward to making Tinefcon a success in India and to be able to spread it to more patients as we still expanding our reach.
Out of the 45 bikes seized, 11 from Rajabala, 12 from Jengjal, 2 from Tura, 7 from Bongaigaon, 13 from Dadenggre, 15 from Meghalaya and two from Assam, 10 mobile phone thieves out of 17, 10,000 mobile phones, six from Assam and four from Meghalaya.
This has caused problems to the people of the area and has affected the doctors in the district as according to the Doctor-Population Ratio of the World Health Organization, it is 1 doctor per 1000 residents in India. The ratio in South West Khasi Hills District is only one doctor for more than 8000 patients.
It is to be recalled that this incident happened on 28th June at Saphai village under Laskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
Through this day, Umïam and Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization, Ri Bhoi also distributed Tyro seeds and other jhur seeds to the farmers who came to take part in the competition. This program provides training to improve the cultivation of Tyrso by cultivating it in the fields of Kba.
Umchangiar, who won the toss and elected to bat first, tied 124 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
In 2005, China estimated that the mountain was 29,015 feet high, but Nepal has rejected this estimate.
Meghalaya has reported 320 deaths from COVID-19 with 19 deaths on Tuesday.
Bah Ransom said that although they did not reach the goal in the last election, this has encouraged them as a party to continue to work tirelessly for the sake of uniting the party. that don't.
One of the pig sellers from Rynjah-Lapalang area, said that after the loss of pork, he had to buy a live pig from Nongrah worth 21,000 tyngka. and this is only to earn money and to let the buyers know that it is a local pig.
Two persons have been arrested and charged under the NDPS Act
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has estimated that there are 979 confirmed cases of coronavirus in India so far, including 25 deaths.
Margaret Parietti, Deputy Prosecutor, said that the couple had been in love for a long time, but when they were about to get married, the woman's family stopped them, saying, “ We are Muslims, so you cannot marry a Christian.
Others appointed are Pradyut Bordoloi from Assam in charge of Nagaland, Pradyot Deb Barman from Tripura in charge of Sikkim, Bhupendra Kumar Borah from Assam in charge of Tripura, Sudhir Sharma from Himachal Pradesh in charge of Nagaland. Dr. Sirvella Prasad from Andhra Pradesh to visit Tamil Nadu.
Shillong, Naitung 09: After the drivers of trucks carrying stone to Bangladesh through the Tamabil Dawki port under the umbrella of the Bri Hynniewtrep Exporters and Importers Association (BNEA) were shot and banned on the 3rd of this month. These trucks were stopped at Madanlyntad parking lot to drop off their stones at the people suspected to be members of the Riwar Mihngi Exports and Importers Association. Pursue.
P.B.SNangta furthermore, she stayed at home but she spent money on herself by selling clothes to the villagers.
By Soolangki D. Laloo The 5th of July, known as World Environment Day, is a day when countries around the world aim to preserve the beauty of the environment and its surroundings. , have taken responsibility to do many activities such as planting trees, shrubs, flowers and other activities in line with the goal of World Environment Day.
He said that development work is a priority of the MDA government despite the challenges faced in the past years due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Now, even at a distance of 5 or 10 minutes, they drive.
AIS SujaThe children of Israel said to Moses, Let not God speak with us, lest we die. Moses was given the 10 Commandments, which were laws for the children of Israel.
He encouraged the villagers to make good use of this CSC so that the village will benefit as a whole.
He also became the third captain to win 100 caps after Ricky Ponting and Allan Border of Australia.
The announcement was handed over to the ADC in-charge of the Civil Sub-Division, Labenstone Ch.
Another project is the construction of a PWD road from Glorymai (Laban) to St. John's, Laban Square at a cost of T.55,29,0
The Shillong Times reported that the members of the Forum, yesterday, met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh to express their desire, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, to contest the election, but Bah Paul Lyngdoh, , has rejected the proposal and it is understood that he will inform the UDP leadership, where Paul is the Working President of the UDP. Paul said that in his capacity as an MDC, he wants to continue to spend his time in this current position.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 IPC Rw Section 3(a)/4 POCSO Act.
Messi's father, Jorge, has traveled to Barcelona this month to meet with club officials to discuss the terms of the release. 700 million euros, if Messi leaves, but when the Spanish league says that the rule is still in place and Messi can not leave easily, so Messi has decided not to leave. bad this Club for six years.
They have the opportunity to work at ISRO or other institutions that attract intellectuals and intellectuals.
The Sohra Sub-Division, SDO (civil) of Sohra Sub-Division, Executive Member, Village Health Awareness Team, Ram Krishna Mission together with the staff and residents from all over the Sohra area who came to be tested on 24th November, 2020 for the corona virus.
“In 2024, we will come and ask for your vote again.
A woman who has been missing since November 25, was found by the residents on the morning of November 31 at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills District.
“I have the hope that I will win the election especially the people of Jaintia Hills have voted for the incumbent MP Bah Pala,” said Bah Siangshai. He will work hard in the Khasi Hills including East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills.
He said that they can attend the meeting only to hear about the party's activities and they can also attend the meetings of other parties to listen because as voters they have the right to vote. “It's a good idea to listen to all the political parties before they decide whom to support,” said Bah Kharkrang, who is also the spokesperson of the BJP. , on the other hand, the candidate said that the ticket allocation depends on the survey conducted by the party.
Three doctors, Hema Ahuja, Bhakti Mehar and Ankita Khandelwal, have been involved in insulting Payal and no one has been arrested yet. .
Three doctors, Hema Ahuja, Bhakti Mehar and Ankita Khandelwal, have been involved in insulting Payal and no one has been arrested yet. .
