In the meeting, the CEM of GHADC said that the meeting with the Minister was to request him to allocate 10 pieces of land to the council so that they can build the first house of the council outside. Their request for accommodation is so that those who go to Delhi for treatment or study do not have to worry about their accommodation.
The UHM Central Executive Committee (CEC) has immediately met to discuss this issue in an attempt to violate the freedoms of the people in the State.
The purpose of the 'Tamasa Pynneh Lariti' is to gather together the thousands of children of the Hima Khad-Ar Lyngdoh, in order to showcase their own traditional costumes and dances. from the ancients of this kingdom.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, candidate of the UDP, has won the Amlarem constituency.
He said that the revenue of T.79 crore to T.80 crore from the department was during the time when the state was still in crisis due to the lockdown, but now that the state has This department's production is low.
Years old sadness is remembered, Bru world is old.
In his speech, Bah Adelbert said that the state where teachers have to take to the streets to demand their rightful salary shows that we are declining in education because such incidents do not happen more often in the country. the history of the state.
Hercules Suting, said that the union cannot accept this incident and especially after hearing the threat from the man to the Longkmie, who is also an employee of the Therefore, the union demands that the rangbah should leave the Longkmie, otherwise the union will not be able to do whatever is necessary.
On the same day, the MLAs from the opposition in the state government, visited three villages, where the people are strongly opposed to the demarcation and those include the village of Maikhuli, Barapathar and Iongkhuli, because the residents of these villages, feel that many of the land from Meghalaya has been transferred to Assam, after this border demarcation between the two states. These villages are strongly opposed to the Give and Take Policy on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The youths of the three villages alleged that they found the vehicle at 7:00 pm parked at the place and they were informed by the village vehicles passing by. They also alleged that some of them saw that there were both men and women inside the vehicle but when they went to check they found that there was no one inside. it is the purpose of doing evil deeds.
“Intelligent agencies are vigilant and what is more important is the initiative of the citizens to be vigilant which will help a lot to maintain peace and order in the state. The police have taken action,” he added.
She said the party will request a White Paper from the government on the improvement of the NH-44 which is frequently prone to accidents like the recent one in which 29 people were killed.
It is to be recalled that the tender has been called since 2011, but till date it has not been completed for this road which has been completed only halfway which was set to be completed within 10 years or more.
The growth of Meghalaya is exemplary, ranking second in the country as the fastest growing state in the country.
Bhopal: U Mohan Yadav was sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday.
Speaking after a memorial service at the DGP's office, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, Jain said that the police are the to be brave to fight against the enemy, to get the fruit.
Looking at the preparations, it looks like the Taj Mahal built in Polo, because it is well maintained, but inside it is seen that they have not taken care, which will discourage the sportsmen in this regard.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Due to the increasing smuggling of Bangladeshis into the Indian border through the border areas of Shella, Nongtrai-Ryngku, the farmers have been affected by the smuggling of goods. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lawbah Border Area Circle today met with the DIG and Area Commandant of the Border Security Force (BSF) at the 123rd Area Command Office in Mawpat, Mawpat. Shillong to discuss this issue.
Sabahmuswang have scored 2 points and 7 Wasa 19 from 700 games.
Nongstoiñ: The final match of the first round of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018, organized by Laitkseh Sport Club, will be played today between Nongrim Hills SCC and Nongrim Hills SCC. The match between the two teams will start at 2:00 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium and the final match will be played at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh. eh of this even without fail will be very beautiful.
DJ Wanshan, DJ D Bryan, Snow White, Kyntiewlin Mawphniang, Ibanri Syngkli, Ki Jlawdohtir, Simple Vibes, Renaissance and other other.
He added that the people should get the good rice which the government has allocated for them.
“Regarding the nomination of candidates from all 60 constituencies, 55 constituencies have decided to nominate candidates.
He said that the MLAs have come all day to meet him to discuss the political situation after the unrest in the state especially the protests of the Sengbhalang which the incumbent Prime Minister has done silently.
This is the second meeting between the two Ministers in the second phase of the boundary talks for the seven areas that are yet to be resolved.
The FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, said that although the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, has many bad parts and causes problems to the passengers, but the It is also sad to see that the toll plaza in Pahammawlein is running smoothly.
However, what the TOP CEM has done to the people of Lumshnong could not be answered by the media.
Afterwards, a comprehensive quality assessment was conducted in November 2023 by the Quality Control Division of Meghalayan Medical Drugs & Services Limited by taking samples from the warehouse.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: U Deputy Superintendent of Police (Dy SP) Nongpoh, BJ Laloo, on Tuesday evening, allegedly assaulted a driver of a vehicle from Guwahati-Shillong. u knife fit.
She said the Commission has been closely monitoring the education of many children and will ensure that their rights should not be violated.
Bah Charles Marngar, urged the state government and especially the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to take action to improve these public health centres, as these health centres, are also These are the most needed for the people living in Umsning area, the border area and close to Assam.
“Our Moon Mission is also based on this same approach for the benefit of all people.
Edmund also demanded that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the MLA of Pynursla Constituency, should take responsibility to improve the road for the benefit of the residents of the constituency.
India Today reported that Trump has refused to attend next year's Republic Day celebrations on the grounds that he has other responsibilities. sun.
He said that all the 213 students of NIOS who are studying under the scheme, have been meeting with the teachers most of the time. The principal of the school has given the reason that he did not get the password from Delhi and Guwahati. They gave them many reasons when they went out to discuss the matter.
Shillong Lajong have been in the middle of the I-League so far.
Regarding the fear of the people for the arrival of the railway to Meghalaya, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh said that in his understanding, there should be no fear of this, if these existing laws work well.
Speaking on the occasion, Teinwel said that those who are selfish, it is up to their party to decide but the 14 members are united.
The two Presidents also asked whether the government will continue to rely on MeSEB to take over the implementation of this scheme, when so many of its irregularities have been found out. as a waste of time and mostly corruption from this scheme.
They are the true friends, the perfect friends.
Besides, he found that the method of distributing water to the people in the state, has been used by those water meters and that is to know how much water the people use per day.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: To mark the International Day for Biological Diversity, the office of the Social Forestry Division Nongpoh, on the 26th of this month, held a celebration of this special day at St. Joseph's School. Secondary School Umden, Ri-Bhoi District.
Lack of physical activity through exercise can be the cause of excessive fatigue.
The protesters left the scene and gathered at the Kynjat Bol Stadium of Pomlahier Village to hold a meeting.
Life in urban areas is not easy because of the high cost of housing and the high price of goods.
If you want to know more please call me on this number 87310 36580, I am happy to explain this topic.
The HYC Ri Bhoi District has demanded that the state government should immediately stop the construction of Assam roads in the border areas. Block-2, because it has caused trouble to the residents of Madan Umwang, Umtlih and other villages in the area, because of the construction of these roads by Assam, led by the contractors who live in different parts of Assam.
At the same time, the Superintendent of Police, Lakador Syiem, said that the SIT has been strengthened and OCs for women and Thanat have been appointed. two princes, two stars, one on the female side, and one on the male side.
However, I will meet with the lawyer first because he said that when I get the letter from the police, I will come out so that I can understand and do what is necessary.
The union is surprised that the authorities have not paid any attention to this issue and there have been years when it has been clean but it has lasted only for a while.
He also estimated to spend T.811.85 crore on this sector under the Community and Rural Development Department.
“To punish those BSF personnel involved in the attack on the Chief Minister, Bah Khonglah said that the Seng cannot stop such attacks. intimidate citizens through the forces that are supposed to provide them with protection.
After this, as is well known, many incidents occurred including support and disapproval of this Bill.
What a sacred memory of the past.
We believe this step has the potential to protect the lives of others for years to come".
He feels that it is a miracle of God that in the same year he will get a government job although it was a peon's job and another is the Merit List and the honor he did not expect. phohsniew that it will be long.
The purpose behind the tournament is to give the EKHDBA the opportunity to select the best players to prepare to lead the association in the State Level Badminton Championship. The Meghalaya State Badminton Association will hold a tournament in Nongstoin in the first month of April this year.
Shillong, July 04: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday afternoon held a meeting with Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew. announced the first list of candidates for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections in Meghalaya.
The Khasi dialects are as follows: Ka Tyllep - Ka Tyrbun - to cover foreign ideas of many colors.
He was alerted at 10 pm that day by her husband.
What is very sad for our Khasi people, is that the sons, besides raising their families, when they go home, their hard work and wealth, their income falls. to leave in the house of the father.
Those who cannot go to heaven are those who have committed sins but do not understand that their actions are sins.
In the first half, Youth Social Welfare Pynthor beat Tpeppale 3-1, Chival Lipon scored in the 9th minute and Hynriew Ryngkhlem scored two goals in the second minute. to 15 & 49.
The demands of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission are that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately arrest the Police and Forest Guards of the State involved in the shooting death of four residents of Mukorh village. The trial shall be conducted in the Courts of Meghalaya and not in Assam.
This shows that those living in rural areas are healthier and stronger than those living in urban and city areas.
“I have been weak in the past few months.
The issuance of Sanad to the Rangbah Shnongs comes after the Rangbah Shnong, Dolloi Act became law after the approval of the Governor.
The current budget has been made as the CAG is still collecting data on the Council's expenditure.
“Do we put these issues first when we decide on taxes because now we decide on GST with the involvement of the Finance Department of the Central Government and all the States.
Meanwhile, the Principal of the school, HM Marwein, expressed her gratitude to the Minister of State who is also the MLA of the area for announcing what the government has done for the school.
The Adviser of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, S Langi, said that after seeing the problems caused by the lack of land for the disposal of garbage from Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today held an emergency meeting.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not opposed the railway line in Byrnihat to carry goods.
Various NGOs can also send their suggestions in writing to the party office in the districts or in the state.
However, suddenly, the robbers entered the place of worship and shot dead the believers including the shopkeepers near the place of worship.
On the other hand, the school principals should come forward to educate the children and parents so that the availability of STEMS buses will not be in vain and that the good intentions will reach the goal.
The Chinese team beat Japan in the semifinal, where the men's team of Liu Yuchen & Ou Xuanyi saved the team on four goals. -goals before they appear successful.
In the semi-final against New Zealand, Dhoni scored a half-century but India lost the World Cup.
The two youths were identified as Donbok Sawkmie of Mawlai Nongkwar and Donald Marbaniang.
They do these things just to make a name for themselves.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Government, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has criticized the Meghalaya government led by Conrad K Sangma for its failure to maintain peace and order especially in Shillong.
He said that on the allegation of the BJP party, he does not want to say anything, but what he says is that our state is not a state of police and the work of the law will be according to the law. rules and have to act in accordance with the rules of law.
The KSU expects that through this training programme, the income of the youth of the area will be adequate and also hopes that the leaders of the area will continue to raise the issues affecting the East Jaintia Hills district. all before the government for the benefit of the people.
In the same demand submitted to the Acting VC, the youths also demanded an answer why the authorities have delayed to punish Prof. AK Das even after they have lodged a complaint for a long time.
The Minister stressed the need to have a strong policy to bring about changes in the employment system in the State.
Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly Constituency.
Shillong: The NESO and KSU will hold a rally on the 30th of this month at the Parking Lot of the Addl. Secretariat at 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The talk and preaching about the Aadhar number as the number 666 or the wild beast according to the Bible, is unbelievable to link this number to the government. and the number of the bible.
This second letter to Timothy was written by Paul himself in 64 – 66 AD and is the last letter Paul wrote while in prison. you are for Christ.
Of these, 54 cases from East Khasi Hills include 6 BSF personnel and 48 other civilians.
It means that God chose and sent His only begotten Son through the Jewish nation or Israel, and this is Jesus.
We will never have such a leader again.
Silchar, November 14: Lok Sabha Member from Silchar Sushmita Dev has met Industry Minister Anant Geete in New Delhi to request him to The problem of the kotsada factory in Cachar should be resolved immediately.
In fact, not only in 1-Shillong PC but also in 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency (2-TPC) should be done so that it will be orderly and it will be a great opportunity for the MDA. Earlier, the candidate for the 1-PC did not win because not all the national parties supported him but he nominated his own candidate.
“They cannot escape, we will fight to find out why they give such reasons as children, for that reason we will fight as leaders,” he added.
Regarding the syllabus, the Meghalaya government has directed the MBOSE to work with the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) to find ways and means to complete the syllabus for the students. school.
Mark Rinaldy said that if the BJP wins the election, it will bring many needs to the area and if it does not reach the goal, they will set up a BJP help desk in Mairang. Constituency where the party will follow up to ensure that various schemes introduced by the CM reach the doorsteps of the residents of Mairang Constituency.
After 6 months, the buried hole can be dug again and the best fertilizer can be harvested and planted in the garden.
Jimino Mawthoh said that the UDP party will elect leaders from different constituencies to rebuild the political system in the state in the right way and in the right manner. “Now we cannot escape from this synrop government, the clean government led by the NPP and I expect that in 2023 the UDP will lead,” said Jimino. He also urged the people to work hard for the development of the party.
The other members are S. Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Nongpoh MLA, Umroi MLA, Umroi MLA, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MLA, Jambor War, EM of KHADC District and DC Ribhoi. Member Convener to Committee.
According to Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution of India, it is clear that the people have the right to speak or express their views and also have the right to hold meetings and public meetings.
Speaking on the border issue, Lanong said, “Conrad K Sangma himself has a feeling that the border issue has not been resolved even after 50 years. forward to fighting to resolve this issue".
Shillong, June 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government will take steps to resolve the issue related to the order of the High Court which has suspended all The appointment of the State Government until the roster system is introduced.
Shillong: Replying to the allegation that the government does not have enough funds, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government does not have enough funds to pay salaries. of government employees and other jobs there is no problem.
At the same time, Prestone said that the bridge is only for heavy vehicles.
Shillong, July 3: The state government will plant about 8 lakh trees this year and about 30 lakh trees next year.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The FKJGP Central Body has strongly opposed the Government's plan to conduct an entrance examination for those students who intend to study MBBS and BDS. It is not a decision that has been made, because it affects the students.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Joint Director of MBOSE Shillong, Bah M Marbaniang said that all the works are going smoothly because the district authorities and the Government have allowed them especially during the lockdown. These examinations of these classes can be completed with the cooperation of all.
In the Athletics category, Kyrshanlang Shylla U-20 won the 4×400 Mixed Relay Goal, Boys 400m Silver, U-20 Boys 200 Silver, Marso Kyndait A-20 Men 1500 m Goal, A-20 Men 800 m Silver, Durka Nartiang A-20 Women 4×100 Silver, A-20 Women 100 m Bronze, Damika R.Lyngdoh U-20 Girl 4× 100 Bronze, Kermi Biam A-20 Men 4×100 bronze and Kelbinus Biam A-20 Men 4×100 bronze.
The union also expressed its surprise at the delay in the case of the late SI of Patharkhmah, Peter J Marbaniang and alleged that he was killed alive. murder of himself.
“The sordar said I won't give you anything because your father is fighting against me,” said Marita Nongrum. She said that the sordar said again, “You have tortured me, I will torture you” and until now he has not given a certificate to the child.
Umpling's Richard Pajuh was sent off for two yellow cards in the 31st and 71st minutes.
In Garo Hills, the ADC has allegedly given patta to non-Garo land owners.
This unit will promote and support this industry in the state and will also promote the farmers in the area.
There are signs that the BJP will return to power in Delhi, as the BJP itself has 289 seats, while the NDA has 289 seats. The Congress has 51 members, the UPA has 99 members and the others have 108 members.
“According to the Motor Vehicle Act 1982, vehicles without a national permit cannot operate in the state to transport goods from one place to another except from one state to another if they do not have a special permit. you have a trading license”, said Mr. Peter.
Police said that they will consider this and set strict rules for such raids.
During a meeting with SAARC leaders last month, Modi spoke in Hindi and also spoke in Hindi when he addressed the Parliament of Bhutan, his first visit. eh jongu, as the prime minister of foreign affairs.
Adelbert said that all the leaders say that the ILP is a dead law but it is their knowledge that is dead.
Since the attempt to introduce the CAA, the mining of mineral resources from the country has been banned and most of these laws have enslaved the residents of the State, he said.
During the conversation, it was also heard that he said, “Why did you come here, even near the Temple” and after that, Bible verses were seen, which were taken from the vehicle, which were written on the Telegu and then they burned all these Bibles on the side of the road.
Sunday's shooting was the 337th in the United States this year alone.
Many times we hear the word 'RITI.' The meaning of this word riti is something that many of us misunderstand.
Mebanker Shullai of the WJDBA won the title after defeating Ritu Raj Nag of the WKHDBA in the 37th Meghalaya State Badminton Championship. The Meghalaya State Badminton Association (MSBA) reached its final on Saturday at the Indoor Hall, Tura.
At present, the ILP has been in force in Arunachal Pradesh for a long time and recently it has been introduced in Manipur, both states which were not covered by the original provisions of the 1873 Act.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the ban on coal mining is not a matter for discussion but the important thing is to stop the works and to take care of the environment and the safety of the people. coal miner to ensure smooth trade.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister paid tribute to his father (L) PA Sangma on this day which is also the 8th anniversary of his death. u (L) PA Sangma has taken the initiative to improve education in the state and laid the foundation stone of this college in 2008 and therefore it is appropriate that on this day. The project started in 2008 has gone on the right track and we have been able to open facilities for higher education for the youth and the people of South Garo Hills.
The leader of these believers was arrested by the police during a raid in June and it is said that the leader of these believers is a driver of a commercial vehicle, but later he became a religious leader and attracted many people who believed and listened to his teaching.
Many of the new and old tourist attractions, the support of the government is not commendable because many projects that have been appropriate, which have been fully qualified to receive support from the government but have been rejected. only because of the politics of the people in power.
According to Dr Donkupar, the presence of many national parties like the BJP and Congress will open the door for the UDP to do better in the elections.
He said the government has already sanctioned Rs 26 crore for the Smart Road in Jowai which is more than 33 kilometers long which is in line with other states.
Sources said that the suspect was a neighbor of the child and it happened that one day when their parents were not at home , he broke into her house and robbed her. do this work.
They all went to Monfort Dilne Bolchugre School.
The nine doctors said that the visit to Gurnam was only to help him and to lead the other members of his family, without any evil intention. Written by Dr MR Basaiawmoit, Dr I Gatphoh, Dr SA Lyngdoh, Dr AR Marak, Dr RR Marak, Dr M Sangma and Dr G Lyngdoh.
The union has lodged a complaint against these trucks at 8mer Police Outpost to take action against them according to the law.
The landslide damaged the house of a resident of Nar Bahadur Chettri and police have recovered the body of a 4-year-old child. years of age.
On this occasion, he also thanked the teachers who have been involved in this school for providing services through training to the students from the past years until now in which they have been truly the leaders of the school. strong for children, youth and the community.
He said that the schemes of the Central Government such as the Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats and the Compensatory Afforestation Fund (CAMPA) of the Government have brought economic development to the villages by opening the way for them to farm. earn money with other types of jobs.
SR Sen has summoned Adelbert Nongrum CEM KHADC after the court issued an order on November 10, 2014 banning Rangbah Shnongs from issuing village certificates. any permissions to the public.
Lajong won 2-1 and this is their fourth consecutive victory over Shillong Lajong in this tournament.
“I told my family not to worry.
The next morning, about five o'clock, Niakha came and called out, “Rida o Rida, I'm here...” She said, “Oh, you're here, Niakha... Ale ale.
In preparation for the 2019 MP elections, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has become a showkidar by changing his name on Twitter to Chowkidar Narendra Modi.
The citizens of India will never forget the bloodshed and killings in Delhi in 1984 and
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Hima Sutnga Youth Federation, Bah Ioowanki Chyrmang, said, “Since the announcement was made to dump garbage in Sutnga area, we as the leaders of the Sutnga Youth Federation, HSYF and the people of the area strongly oppose this proposal, so we are waiting at this place with the intention of turning back the vehicles carrying garbage, because we the HSYF and the people of Elka strongly oppose this project. The General Secretary of the Joint VDP Sutnga District, Bah Pynbait Sutnga, said that the VDP strongly opposes this proposal to bring garbage to Sutnga District. Jowai VDP Sutnga has turned away garbage trucks from Sutnga area. “Therefore, we strongly warn the Jowai Municipal Board not to dump garbage within the boundary of Sutnga area. “If we find it, we will take strong action,” he said. The VDP and the people of the area are very concerned about this plan of the JMB. The office of the Acting Doloi Sutnga and the Joint VDP Sutnga, have already issued a warning and said that this warning is after reports in the media that Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, who is from Moolamylliang Village Council has signed a soskular with the Jowai Municipal Board on the 20th of this month in which it has promised to donate its land which is a coal mine at Moolamylliang village to dispose of garbage from the Jowai Municipal Board. Jowai, HSYF stands against and blocks this proposal.
Later, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the BJP candidate from Shillong South constituency, said that Bah AL Hek cannot accept the post of Prime Minister because the election of the leader is to be decided. beit from the party's leadership.
Union Jal Shakti Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat has approved the release of Rs 1,982 crore for the failure to implement properly in these seven states, where Arunachal Pradesh has received Rs 1,982 crore. .542 crore, Manipur Rs 120 crore, Meghalaya Rs 400 crore, Sikkim Rs 70 crore, Tripura Rs 100 crore and Himachal Pradesh Rs 750 crore.
Besides Shanborlang Marbaniang, the MPBC also fielded Kharbani and Elbin Rani who recently represented Meghalaya in the Pro-Boxing tournament in Gujarat.
These vents should also be capable of being opened or set at will so that air can enter only when necessary.
That’s without addressing those who don’t yet believe.
Agatchu Chetai K. Marak was the top scorer for Tura by scoring 28 runs and was also assisted by his teammates. .
"Therefore, the Government has urged all armed groups to come to the negotiating table and take responsibility for bringing peace and order in the state," Sarma said.
“In fact, all of them belong to Meghalaya, they have the right documents that they are Khasi,” said the President of KSU West Jaintia.
There is clear evidence in society that testifies to the struggle of the Khasi people even though they have been oppressed and attacked by many foreign forces. .
Secondly, this attempt to recruit retired government employees will create a lack of vacancies for job seekers and especially for the youth of our state,” said the Seng in the petition. The letter was signed by HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem and sent by Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism and Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of MTDC. “As the union, we strongly oppose this practice which deprives the educated youth who are entitled to employment in the departments under the jurisdiction of the Government in the state,” said the petition. .
Besides, these schools were implemented by a Public Implementation Committee headed by the MLA as Chairman, which did not include the members of the Managing Committees of the schools.
It supports the preservation of the customs and traditions of the nation, especially the TIP KUR, TIP KHA, which is the foundation of the nation.
The presence of the Lawkyntang has brought the name of the area and perhaps will open the door for development projects as one of the ways to improve the income of the villagers, to attract more researchers who love the environment and the visitors to the area.
US President Donald Trump has signed his name on a document, sparking allegations that he wants to make fun of himself. You are being treated for corona virus at Walter Reed Medical Center.
M.Dkhar and Bah Mihsalan Dkhar, President and Secretary of the Nurses Association of East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, held a special program to mark the special day of Nurses. The program was held at Khliehriat and the MDC of Khliehriat, Bah Fineliness Bareh, was the chief guest.
It helps to connect with the higher powers:— If the world is ruled by the wicked and love has no part in it, then do people find peace, happiness and light in life?
In fact, the government has issued an order to implement the bridge from 22nd November but it has been postponed until 28th March.
“What will happen to the Karbi people here in Meghalaya, if they do this, we will not be able to turn away from them,” said the Chairman and Secretary P.Pahwa of the Forum.
The youth should understand that this era has changed dramatically compared to what it was 10 years ago.
Shillong: The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has released a report showing the air pollution across the country and Byrnihat, Meghalaya has also been shown to be the most polluted in India. .
Bah Shylla has also been involved in the activities of “Hikai Niam” and he is very skilled and gifted to do so.
The HC has ordered the government to cooperate with Justice Katakey and provide him with accommodation, travel to complete the inspection and prepare the report in due course. .
He said the DC has asked him to look into the law and issue a notice to all the shops to comply with the law.
PUBG is one of the most popular games in India, with about 30 million players every day.
Besides the land from Lad Umsyiem to Jingkieng, the Sordar said that the government should build the road from Wahkdait because the land owners from Wahkdait have agreed to give land to the government to build. but it has not been able to pay compensation to them yet.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The SP (Crimes) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, on Tuesday urged the public to beware of those who pretend to offer gold because they are fraudsters to deceive the public. .
politics is anything impossible.
When they transport clinker from here to Assam, it is because they receive subsidies and these things, these companies are not happy.
“Discussions are ongoing and I expect that this year we will see the fruit,” he said.
He said that the house which was covered with tin and covered with dewbilat is no longer inhabited as it has collapsed.
The food security program will benefit up to T.1,25,000 crore annually to provide affordable food in which 62 million tonnes of rice, wheat and other commodities will be distributed to 67 percent of the population.
He said that after an investigation into serious corruption, Dr Kharlukhi will have to step down as President of the NPP in the state and even from the Rajya Sabha seat.
This is a sign of success because it is difficult to ban the sale of tobacco near schools.
This treatment is an excellent and powerful treatment that can brighten and beautify your skin.
The organizers also prepared cash prizes for the winners and medals for all the participants who completed the race with syrnod.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has expressed its regret and requested the Government to repair the PHC as soon as possible so that it will be of benefit to the residents of Umkiang. Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong and Nicholas Lyngdoh, Secretary, Umkiang Village, said in a statement.
AAY 35 kilos per card per month, PHH 5 kilos per head and NON-NFSA in Nongstoiñ 12 tyngka per kilo; and Maweit is 13.00 tyngka per kilo.
It is a sensitive issue for the country which needs to be looked at carefully," he added.
On Saturday, the opening ceremony of the EJ-Super League 2019, Kyrmen Shylla said that the award will be announced and the first match will begin.
“This is not only the information received from our agency but the same information has been received from other agencies. can endanger the lives of the citizens of the state".
Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk also alleged that the behavior of Modi, who is the prime minister who leads the government, will lead the country to war which could lead to religious war. the hindu religious shits have already started conversion.
The Minister said that the new government has done many things in which the previous government has led the state in trouble if it continues until now.
Mayrald Born Syiem, said that at present, the residents of the area have to go to Umden CHC when there are seriously ill patients, where the residents have to walk a long distance. It is on this basis that the Nongpoh MLA has approached the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to take action to complete the PHC, which the building has been completed for a long time. However, some parts of the PHC have started to collapse due to the lack of residents.
“They say that the Jaintia Hills under the rule of the Sutnga chiefs was known as the Khaddar Dolloi Hills, but now it is the Khatwei Dolloi Hills.
“Therefore, the money that has been misunderstood to have been lost is unspent and will be released according to the progress of the projects.
The 5-day Shad Nongkrem and Pomblang has attracted the attention of the people from all over the country. , whether it is in terms of income, peace, education and others.
Not only that, on the morning of 30th November 2013, while this journalist and his family members were standing on the streets of Sohra Village, a taxi arrived, which was lyngkrang by them. The children were drunk and as soon as they saw the woman, they shouted “ei shik” and these were the Khasi youths.
Politicians and political parties remain silent when there are reports of excessive behavior by some police chiefs of the Police Department.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Bah Lambok Thabah, Editor of Nongsain Hima, on Tuesday received the Ramath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Award-2011, presented by the Indian Express Group at Kamal Mahal. ITC Maurya Hotel, New Delhi, on 9th November 2014, at the Lok Sabha Chamber, Sumitra Ma nearby.
Therefore, it has expressed a serious mistake on the part of the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister who have announced that there is no CEM in KHADC. if it belongs to the same Party, and that is not a law, because it is a written law [20 (1) or 22 (2)]
We acknowledge that we Bhoi, who live in Ri-Bhoi, from the household management, household management to the village governance, from the census to the beliefs, we have a few differences from the people. of the Khasi Hills.
"Assistant Professor of NEIGHRIMS, Shillong and Patron of Voice of Tobacco Victims (VoTV) Dr. Caleb Harris said that up to 40% of people can get tuberculosis from alcohol. tobacco, 90% develop throat and throat infections from tobacco use.
Nongpoh, Lber 06: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHASA) today welcomed the football players of the state who lost the final against Karnataka in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The Santosh Trophy will be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on the 4th of this month.
After completing his studies in Rome, he returned to India and became Professor of Liturgy and other subjects at Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai until 1st July,
It may be recalled that the government is ready to relocate them from Them Metor at Mawlong Market to the premises of the Shillong Municipal Board office.
In the second leg, Lutituber Ialong beat Youth Social Welfare Pynthor 1-0
The Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch today held a football tournament called “Golden Jubilee Charity Football Macth between Pastors and Elders as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Bible Society. and also to raise funds for the construction of the building of the Bible Society of India in Mawkyrwat.
“If we win, this is also a very important issue to get adequate drinking water.
There were also explanations that the British Areas could not be included in the States. These explanations were wrong and unfounded because in the new section issued after 15 August 1947 (section 290- B of the Government of India Act, 1935) may do so and has done so in accordance with the Provinces and States (Absorption of Enclaves Order, 1950) issued by the Governor General of India.
He is said to have signed a contract that runs until 2027 for €25m (£21.5m) after tax and will take over management of the club on 8 November. against Costa Rica.
Regarding the District authorities, u Bah Shylla said, “I see that the opposition from the DC is too strong, can he oppose the Hima Dorbar? “I have been told not to speak like that, that is not speech, where is the freedom to speak and express?”, said Bah Shylla.
The curfew will last all day in Tamabil, while in Bholaganj, it will start from 1.30 pm.
Suddenly, the residents of Jarain, Amlarem Sub Division under Amwi District have gathered in front of the JHADC to demand a full Waheh Shnong on Monday.
Although I am not a member of any Sengbhalang group, I support the KSU in its efforts to promote the heroes and heroes of the Khasi Hills by demanding the honor of Maieid Hopingstone Lyndoh. ha dwar U Blei) as one of the heroes of the Khasi Hills in the past, in place of Ardhendu Choudhry but not a politician.
When investigated, the Seng found that the reason for the absence of teachers is because the Chemistry teacher has gone to study B.Ed before due to the government's order.
“This donation of these fertilizers and seeds to the farmers is part of the support to the farmers who have been affected by the lockdown,” said CEM Ma Thombor Shiwat.
Nongpoh: The Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church, Umsning District, Mawbuh Presbytery, Umsning District, has come forward to discuss the denial of a Lum Jingtep for a newborn child at Umran Dairy. to explain to the public about all these incidents.
The semi final will be played on the second day between Jaguar FC and Oste Phi Oin at 2 pm.
How many law enforcement agencies have arrested Hindu activists who shouted Jai Sriram?
The casualties of these wars were terrible.
Bah Hynniewta did not ask for support from this party, but as a Congress candidate he wants to see a change from the people and the most important thing is that they should consider carefully the candidates to contest. elections are not eligible to be elected as leaders in this election.
Therefore, the village remembers the good deeds of the organization under the leadership of Bah Banpynskhem Kharnaior, President of the organization, who came with love to comfort and encourage the refugees. and contributions on that day.
The record of these three is poor.
“After I retired from work, I became independent.
This place has been known since before the separation of Meghalaya from Assam.
“We must understand that there are areas and issues that can affect the peace of the communities and also affect the unity of the state,” he said.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Friday urged Israel not to attack Gaza as it would endanger civilians around the country. part of the Gaza Strip.
Speakers included Bah S.Syngkli, Bah H.Namsaw and others, while the meeting was conducted by Bah Harlan Kharngi, Rangbah Shnong of Sohlaitrim.
When electing leaders, if we don't have enough money, the nation will suffer.
He said that it is at this juncture that with the presence of intelligent leaders of the TMC, the Jirang Constituency will be able to be shaped and rebuilt especially to look after the plight of the people of the border area.
Manipur took Dipu Sangma for 127 runs while guest player Ravi Teja (90) and Punit Bisht (66) scored 235 runs. .
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Fullingstar Khongsni, a youngster from Nenggate, Pynursla, has entered the final of the Meghalaya Got Talent competition to be held on Saturday in Shillong.
Sniawbhalang Dhar said the NPP's choice to nominate a woman in the MP election is because she is a mother who is responsible not only for her family but for the constituency as a whole.
Also present on the occasion were RS Chatterjee, Deputy Secretary, R. Ryntathiang, Under Secretary, GS Lyndem, COO, DDU-GKY, D. Kumar, Chairman, Meghalaya Rural. Bank, COO, MSRLS and Director of Rural Development IR Sangma along with the farmers.
Gogoi said that if the Congress-AIUDF alliance wins less than 35 seats, he will resign from politics.
Three new cases are from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
The case was heard by Chief Justice Yaqoob Mir and Justice SR Sen.
He said that the drafters of this Act have introduced strong rules to protect the livelihood and income of the indigenous people of the State.
It has been observed that these days the thinking among the people is not good and they don't think too much about others but only to improve themselves.
He urged for cooperation between the government and the farmers.
It was also warned that those who have loved each other should not go to the cemeteries.
The construction of the Phulbari Goeragre Road is part of the East-West Corridor to the Dalu border of Meghalaya and once completed, this area will become one of the areas. to connect with neighboring countries.
The best goalkeeper was won by Ïewpomtiah's Ïaïaidryngkat Mylliemngap while the best goalkeeper was won by Banïisahlang Khar of Ïewpomtiah.
Shillong: About 3000 people gathered at Raksamgre on Thursday evening to give their full support to TMC leader Dr Mukul Sangma.
The problem is that some SMCs do not agree to accept those teachers or to take teachers from schools and appoint them to other schools with more students.
He supported the implementation of the ILP, saying, “The shortcomings can be corrected and changed if necessary”.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shad Suk Mynsiem ba happy gives hope and encouragement to all, and prays together: –The words of the market have been thrown from the Barit to the Baheh. Happy Lyn-tyrwiangShad Suk Mynsiem to you all!.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The outbreak of Swine Flu in Delhi has prompted the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to be vigilant to prevent the spread of the disease in the state.
These two bridges are the source of income for the state and states like Mizoram and Agartala as well as Assam like Silchar and others.
Raising the question in the House, Dr Don said, “Many villages on the India-Bangladesh border in his constituency also use SIM cards from Bangladesh and the reason is because they don't get a network SIM card from India"
The party leaders said that they have not banned their members from becoming members of any political party.
However, we have to be vigilant and therefore, such protests are unpleasant,” he said.
“The Labor Laws do not provide any protection to the workers,” said Kong Nongkhlaw. workers in the houses of men.
She said that Bahdeng Bahnah, Kong and Kongnah should elect her, but Panah should not elect her.
“ “Any company or factory that comes to set up BPO sector in this state, we will receive this grant of T.3000 for the work they are doing and we hope and expect that we will be able to to create up to 15,000 jobs through this grant policy for the IT and ITES sector,” he said.
In a letter to the Commissioner & Secretary Transport on 1st November, the Under Secretary of the Electricity Department has sent a report on the safety of the Umiam Bridge which is a dam constructed by IIT, Guwahati. .
To this day, the Jews do not accept Jesus as the Messiah.
On receiving the incident, fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire and it took about two hours to extinguish the fire with 10 fire engines. The property inside the complex has been destroyed.
“In fact, if they couldn't, they should have reduced the number of recipients, increased the amount of money but they increased the recipients and reduced the amount of money. blang only two blang,” said Bah Shylla who added that he will seek more information about the government's farming scheme.
Shillong, July 21: A Chowkidar of the KHADC tree plantation, Bah F.Khymdeit, has stolen about 37 lakh tyngka from the District Council.
Nongpoh, June 12: Hundreds of houses have been destroyed by the earthquake in Ri Bhoi District on Monday night. The earthquake has not only damaged the houses but also the crops in these villages.
Even if you are interested in the same thing, you will never improve the mind of a person.
According to information, the Meghalaya government officials have not been able to give a proper reply to the Indian minister.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Nangkiew Irat Youth Welfare Organization (NYWO) Barato, West Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Officer (Eastern Circle) of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, The union has admitted that at present the electricity supply of Barato Sub Station has been cut off since 15th June until now which has affected the people of Barato Sub Station. There are many villages in the Barato area including Thadialong, Samatan, Shillong, Myntang, Thadsning, Khliehsniriang, Thangrain, Barato, Maitdein, Mukroh and Saba.
Police have not yet confirmed whether these items were stolen by foreigners or by employees of the Secretariat.
Why do you call it Paltan Bazar when the original name is Them Iew Mawlong?
Dr. Helen Giri, one of the most prominent singers and inspirers of Khasi music and dance, has received the Padma Shri Award, 2008 from the President of India.
He said that he will continue to distribute more to the villages that still need his assistance.
Lyngïong village in Tyrsad and Mawphlang area whose residents live by agriculture and livestock farming is still facing many problems because this village has not yet received the bridge. I was appointed as an MLA by Bah SK Sun (Bam Kwai).
My Jesus.
Eat plenty of seasonal fruits: You need to eat as many seasonal fruits as you can as well as green vegetables.
Jowai, November 01: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) through the project Link Worker Scheme (LWS) sponsored by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) has organized a celebration of the World Aids Day. As the days go by, AIDS has spread to the urban as well as the rural areas.
The two goals for Lumpariat came in the second half through Mario Syndai 70' and Lovingstar Papiah of West Madan Mustem, who missed an own goal in the 74th minute.
The source said that besides the driver who died recently, there were three other passengers in the truck, but these three persons escaped death and were killed. someone else is in the middle of a serious injury.
From the incidents that have been happening during the day, it has been found that the Assam Government has crossed the border and does not own many land in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The MCVU also demands that the dewbilat companies should no longer allow foreign vehicles to transport goods, but should allow local vehicles to transport goods. said H Mukhim, President of the Seng.
Cultivating them is also not difficult.
In this regard, the CoRP is deeply saddened by the government's neglect of Mawdem, Bilahari, Rajakhomai area for nearly 50 years of independence, but has not taken action to improve and clean up this road which is about 10 km long. from Warmawsaw to Mawdem, especially these villages are located on the border with Assam.
“It is the hard work of the children, because we don't have adequate gymnasiums and now it is up to the government to develop these children and spend money to train them for them to improve. “We should not leave them alone but we should train them well until they are good in sports,” said Bah Finely Pariat.
Here I am merely voicing my prejudice alone.
“This is to remind that on behalf of the government, so that the family members can perform the last rites for the loved ones who lost their lives in you are sick,” he said.
The program was funded by the District Planning Department of West Jaintia Hills District.
This is the march of the FKJGP as a sign of the beginning of the Socio-Economic Movement.
The Boro Liberation Army (BLA) has emerged in the Bodoland Territorial Region (BTR), the Assam government has said in recent days. ) of the state of Assam.
Therefore, the union urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate this case because there may be many such people in our country especially in Jaintia Hills. and all those involved in accordance with the laws and regulations.
Dr. Don said the government now needs to reduce the import of foreign goods, so that the farmers in the state can survive and be encouraged to produce more goods.
“That is why we want to improve so that there will be no more discrimination.
These changes will cause as many problems as when the 2000 tyngka was abolished.
Mawrynkneng : The Top Four match of the 10th Mawryngkneng Greater Football League 2018-19 between Mission SC and Nondawah SC was a thrilling match for the spectators as both the teams were strong and At the end of the first half, Mission SC beat Nongdawah SC 3-2
"Erra was a member of the Maoist group and has been proven involved in many terrorist acts," he said.
Batter Shreyas Iyer, who has played in both the last Tests, has not been included in the 17-man squad for the remaining series.
The closure was led by Kong Bety Jyrwa in the presence of the owner of the shop, Kong Rani Jyrwa.
Although there are still less than 20 groups, which this writer has not been able to talk to, but from the above, it is understood that the price is between T.5 or T.6lak. and above and so on and according to the estimate of the 45 groups, who have received land from the Syiem of Mylliem, the amount will reach less than T.3 crore.
Conrad K Sangma said that today he held a meeting with the police chiefs to discuss the incident that has happened in the state in recent days, regarding the IED blast in East Jaintia Hills and Shillong, where no civilians were injured in the incident.
I will never forget this deed of yours, one day you too will be able to do the same to us.
The KHADC through the Registration Authority should no longer issue Khasi Tribe Certificate to the children of Tangjait if their mother (Dkhar) has not already converted to Dkhar from the EPIC and other necessary documents.
Boeder who nud like that Mizo, Naga.
Jorabat Police Station rushed the three youths to Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) for treatment.
It cannot be denied that the state has introduced this scheme in these years until the whole of India has followed and so has the Parliament which has introduced the MP scheme.
Shillong: The Nan Polok Bridge, which has been built by the French for more than 100 years, has become so old that the relevant department has had to close it down.
It is up to the MLA how he uses the T.2.5 crore per annum in accordance with the rules.
So my revelation is clear.
Walnang T Sangma and another, killed Josbina on the grounds that she was an informant to the police.
Not only will the number of athletes increase to 1,000, but the number of sports has increased to 19 from the 14 events held in
“Not even a penny will be forgiven,” said the engineer.
Khliehmawlieh (Group-D lead) will face Mawlai (Group-A), while Rangdajied United (Group-B lead) will face Shillong Lajong. C).
The price of petrol and diesel has risen to T.76.24 per liter while the price of diesel has risen to T.67.57 per litre.
He said that there are 13 issues in the election campaign and one of them is to improve schools and education to teach and train the teaching methods so that the students can pass and not just have only a degree but have soft and hard skills.
“We would also like to ask on what basis the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) has set only three days.
The MPCC strongly condemns these actions of the BJP, which has no roots in Meghalaya and is trying to enter the state from the doorstep and the Congress party, said that those announcements are merely Narendra Modi has deceived the Indians by promising to bring back stolen money from outside India and to employ 2 crore unemployed youth.
The Iewpomtiah Sports Social and Cultural Club won a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
He has received the money since April last year and has taken it little by little until it is enough.
The MCTA also alleged that the college has misused and concealed the funds.
Mylliempdah scored 3/37 while Kumar scored 2/21, Dippu Ch Sangma 2/33, Chengkam Sangma 1/6, Rajesh Bishnoi 1/33 and Chirag Khurana 1/3 The Meghalaya Senior Cricket Team is currently preparing for the Ranji Trophy, one of the biggest tournaments to be held in November
There will also be a Mega Lucky Draw, a Bumper Housie and more.
Shillong: One of the most famous actors of Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Phira Dohtdong, has not only known and talented not only in acting and dressing but he has also chosen a career. his job is to raise cattle and earn money by his own work.
You young people may see the right hand on the right shoulder of the elders.
The protest was also held by the mid day meal workers of schools in East Jaintia Hills District under the umbrella of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union. The salary has now reached seven months.
On the other hand, the security forces have installed CCTV cameras at all the places of worship and have assistants to ensure the smooth running of the puja at all the pandals which have been located in different places. According to a statement sent by JL Das General Secretary of the CPC, the Khasi language cannot catch all the diseases that have been translated into English.
Therefore, as the country needs a lot of such people who have been trained and used in the manufacture of Dhup, it is necessary for other youths to turn to this field and to “It is one of the ways to provide employment to other unemployed youth in the state,” he added.
He said that regarding the incident in Ri Bhoi on the demarcation of the border, the reason for the confusion is because the government has not included the Sordars, Syiems and the KHADC does not have a strong law like the JHADC. to protect the earth from shyiap.
Referring to the prime ministerial candidate, Wasnik said that there are many party leaders in the state and in the coming days everyone will know what steps the party will take.
Many kinds of diseases have existed and will continue to exist.
The words in the synropktien are complex and sometimes there may be difficult words that cannot be understood by the public.
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya today announced the list of 52 candidates for the 2023 elections. state of Meghalaya.
The Government of India's rejection of the above bills and resolutions, which have been passed by the State Government in the past years, has upset many and if the Government of India continues to refuse to implement The ILP in Meghalaya will confirm the stinginess, disregard and disrespect of the Indian government for the voice of the indigenous people and the responsibility will belong to the government. It is still too late for the Hynniewtrep people to wait for the Central Government to discuss the ILP. We have seen the behavior of our leaders who are stubborn...Therefore we request you leaders of the Sengbhalang to invite all the Hynniewtrep Khasi people to come out and hold rallies to demand the ILP.New Delhi: Today The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it will look into the petition against the Citizenship Amendment Act in Uttar Pradesh. who are in this State, without having any laws.
Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, Chief Minister of Assam, Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chairman Board of Governors, IIT Guwahati, Dr. Rajeev Modi, Director IIT Guwahati, Prof. Parameswar K.Iyer, teachers and students along with other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
He urged them to use 100% of the funds allocated for the benefit of the people and not to implement any projects.
On this occasion, I am pleased and determined to revive the memory of the past, and to appreciate the Khasi Khara thought from the deeds that the elders have done so that we will not lose our identity. newly, we have thought quickly and thoughtfully like the Ji-ei, about these things that are new and different from us.
“The vehicle belongs to the Government but is operated by contractors. Drivers should put the keys and if they don't have a car, the DC should call them drivers or call us but pay the salary, because in the bill if they call we go," he said.
It is learned that the suspect had run away with three policemen, although media reports said that there may have been more.
The earthquake struck three times in Assam on the same morning.
Police have also arrested a person involved in the smuggling of counterfeit money named Budhi Sambyo. According to information received, he is also the driver of the police vehicle. of Arunachal Pradesh.
“Why should we face problems in the MP election when we get more than 3.15 lakh votes while the UDP gets only 2.90 lakh, the Congress gets only 1.60 lakh and the VPP gets only 1 lakh votes,” he said.
Shortly after, it was learned that the electricity department has also extinguished the fire in Umshing.
The SP said that a complaint has been lodged at Mahadev Khola at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
Nudeisa scored his second goal before the end of the first half (90'+3) and Marbhah Dhar (64') scored the third goal.
Nongpoh, Lber 02: In the 2023 election, the people of the state have renewed their elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State. The Congress and NPP have won two seats each and the UDP has won only one seat out of five constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
The theft of car tapes in Shillong is very rare.
The Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui handed over the sanction order at a meeting held on Thursday at the college.
The Congress started 2018 with 21 leaders and ended its term without a single leader from the party.
The Central Government has reduced and accounted for up to T.999 crore from the allocation last year to the District Councils due to their inability to submit the report to show that they have implemented the You must have a Utilization Certificate (UC).
'If anything sends that, I don't know.
About 53 people were sworn in at Mawlai Square.
As usual every year, the award ceremony is for all residents of Shillong and those studying in schools in Mawsynram constituency.
They said that the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) has allowed only 12 tonnes of coal to be transported.
He said that this year too, since the month of June, there has been a frequent power outage and it takes days to repair it. lyer slowly disappeared again.
The road is about 10 kilometers away.
Speaking at the meeting, CEC Rajiv Kumar said the Matdata Junction programme, produced in collaboration with All India Radio, will be a powerful platform to connect with voters across the country.
“We have seen only the Acting Syiems,” said Bah Adelbert, who added that in the present EC under his leadership, he will complete all the pending works. There are no full kings in the kingdoms who are appointed by the Acting Syiems.
They said that they opposed the indefinite strike by the nurses because the nurses have taken an oath to serve the people.
The Waheh Shnong said that it has been a great benefit and help for the women and young women to receive assistance and support from the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) which is one of the branches of the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM). implements and implements projects launched by the Central Government through the Ministry of Rural Development (MRD) which aims to alleviate poverty in the country and the projects implemented are also aimed at improving the quality of life in the country. the income of the people especially those who intend to start their own businesses, those who have the ability to benefit themselves in their livelihood.
Andy Alwin Dkhar top scored with 36 runs from 33 balls and Arnold Shadap scored 3/17 in 4 overs.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said that it is for this reason that she urged the residents of the state to return to their farms and to their own agriculture as there is wealth there too. .
The Congress of Meghalaya has demanded that the Supreme Court should not investigate the illegal mining of coal in the state and ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the case.
Several Garo elders from Nawapara village said that the three areas which the two governments will resolve after the Chairman of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute have submitted their reports, have not been resolved. The most difficult sector is Langpih, because all the Nepalis who have settled in this area belong to Assam and the Assam government trusts and invests in them. interventions as needed.
Shillong, November 4: A public meeting has been convened by 14 political parties including the JSU, JYF, HNPF-JH, MPUF, RJYF, WJNC, JSM, NWYF, JNU, KSU-JHU, HNYF-JH, CRJM, HYC-JH, FKJGP-JH, today held a meeting at Biar School Mission Compound, Jowai.
On the construction of a new market in Khalipara by foreigners suspected of being involved in the rape of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati, Bah Pynïaid said that they are still waiting for the killing of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati. The District Council will not allow foreigners to set up markets in the area of ​​their choice as Ichamati is still within the boundary of the District Council.
“And he was taken up (Jesus) into heaven: and a cloud received him out of their sight” (Acts 1:9).
The Seng also warns the Assembly Secretariat not to accept any demand of the Contractor to increase the price of the Contract due to this incident and those involved should take their own plan to build and erect. again without further touch of public money.
JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the talks between the JACATAM leaders and the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) Ambrose CH Marak on the provincialisation of the teaching profession, the long and pleasant.
He said the government has implemented iTEAMS where farmers can get assistance when they want to sell their produce, the price and also a vehicle to transport the produce at a reasonable price. good.
Such ones we see that when they were children they used to act as teachers to teach their fellow children.
He said that the personal interview should be abolished to avoid the rumors that those who are selected are nepotism, and he also mentioned the decision of the Central Government to abolish the interview. personal interview since 2016 followed by 23 States and 8 Union Territories to stop the selection process through pre-selection of those who should be employed.
To maintain healthy bones : Drinking milk is good because it is rich in calcium and vitamins which help to maintain healthy bones.
Badalin Kharbangar and Debojit Sharma won the title of Shillong Arm Fight which was held on the 12th of this month at Soso Tham, Auditorium Hall Shillong.
According to Dr Mawthoh, this year, the amount of money collected from these farms has reached more than Rs 10 crore.
Police have registered a case against them.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 29: Several youths of Nongstoiñ area today turned to the DC office Nongstoiñ with placards, to protest against the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, the non-extension of the date. to clean up the Nonbah River and Nongstoiñ Market on Friday 1st March.
If we do this, it will strengthen the family in many ways.
The UDP has now come second in terms of votes, behind its ally NPP. The Congress party has only 42% (25 out of 60) of crorepati votes as 80% of its candidates are younger and first to contest elections.
Ardent said that there has been a violation of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act, 1972 which prohibits foreigners from buying land in the state. this law has been broken.
Another accused, Ab Rehman Shigan, was killed in a clash with police,” he said.
Madhur said that although there are some films which have suffered losses due to the boycott, there are others which have earned well at the box office. in which these are the Gangubai Kathiawadi and the Brahmastra.
He said that the government has not been willing to suspend these policemen and this shows that the government wants to lead to the end of instability in the state. The government has seen the support of the people for the voice of the people of Mawlai and thus the government will see the stirring in the country.
After inspecting the Dorbar Hall located in Pomshutia East Khasi Hills on the 8th November 2020, the Seng found that the Dorbar Hall of the Raid is very disgraceful. .
Also present on the occasion were MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, RR Lyngkhoi, Sohkhyllam Village Minister and other dignitaries.
When asked whether there is any promise to the PDF MLAs to appoint Ministers, Sangma said, “As of now, we are still discussing this issue and we are waiting for the decision. after that we will take a decision on how to proceed.
Arwanki Phadong (29), Eliser Suiam (44) and Rangdajied Sayoo (63) scored three goals.
However, what is surprising is that this division of the Constituency was done only for the benefit of the private sector in power.
This was explained by Susham Roy (HOD Coal), Dr. T Chakravorty, Director, United Exploration India, Pvt.
“The Governor should not approve because it is unconstitutional and the government has gone beyond its promise without consulting the committee members,” said Bah Lanong.
Not in the virtual world.
He said that the Ministry of Education this year has set a priority target to introduce an education policy to bring the state to the forefront of India in education.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla Shngainborlang Warlarpih, Publicity Secretary, Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri.
" A society built on matters of jura, does not destroy the human body.
Aristerwell Suting took 10 runs from 22 balls, Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh took three wickets for 14 runs in three overs and Daryll Donald Nongbri took two wickets for four runs. that 2.5 overs.
In some cases, there are those who say: “Oh, it's useless to give to the authorities because we don't know that we will be defeated, because we don't have the money to feed ourselves!” Wow ko Mei! That thought came in because they had heard, seen or seen with their own eyes what had happened, or else the evil was growing stronger and stronger from within? u LumMihding, which was burning from within before the time came, to throw out the Mawdings, which had turned into Umding.
Before the burial of the body, a last rites were held at the cemetery led by Rev.Father Robert Majaw.
The training was conducted by the President, Bah K.Kharsah.
On this occasion, the students of the school performed songs and costumes at Don Bosco Hall Christ King Riangdo.
Explaining this news, Bah Process said that the UDP has not yet taken any decision regarding the candidates to contest the MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Seat. One of the most prominent leaders in the political party, he is ready to contest if the UDP wins.
During the raid, the union found and arrested seven persons besides thyrnia used to hold hands, and some of them escaped.
For the young children and young people of the church and across the country, who have had to lose the opportunity to attend their schools, colleges and educational institutions, that doubt and fear( Depression) will not be able to infiltrate and distort their thinking.
Although the government has announced that the number of students using buses has increased from 2 to 70, this does not mean that the number of students using buses has increased. The city can have more than 50,000 people,” the High Court said.
It is the duty of the state government to maintain peace and order and when there is a disturbance in the peace and order, it should ensure that peace is brought about.
It was a shocking incident and this is why I had to end the message, just because the writer, was too busy just to chat WhatsApp.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills through its General Secretary invites the people of the area and the Bri u Hynniewtrep to attend the meeting.
At the time of the age check which will start at 10 pm, the children should bring their original and Xerox copy of birth certificates. your Aadhaar Card.
On this occasion, more was explained regarding the building laws implemented by the KHADC and the price is still lower.
said Mr. Hamlet.
He said that this trust in the government without giving the right hand and the left hand and the state government has brought difficulties to the government to help them.
He paid tribute to the KSU for fighting against uranium for 25-30 years without rest.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today staged a protest against the SSA teachers in the state. Myngngor in front of the former Legislative Assembly of the State in Khyndailad.
The violence, the violence, and the widespread violence of the leaders of the political parties during the elections is extremely violent.
“We arrived at 10:30 pm and we did not find any doctors to treat the patients at this hospital,” said Samla Donaldson Pyngrope President of the HYC.
Jowai, Naiwieng 07: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) in Jowai on Tuesday. Name Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
However, before concluding his speech, the MPCC President said that the Congress party wants to clarify that all the allegations made by Bah Lapang against the party are false.
However, it is difficult for this person to get it, but it is difficult for someone else who has a good fortune in the longrynieng to get it.
But he took his own life by hanging himself on the stake.
The General Secretary of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Bah KS Suchiang, congratulated the people who attended the distribution of medicines and also congratulated the doctors and nurses of the KSU. The union also thanks Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of the area, Waheh Shnong Khliehriat West for coming to take part in this medicine distribution. , Langmon Bareh, Justine Dkhar, former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency and other dignitaries.
Deborah said that until now the people of Lum Garo have not seen any other party that is strong in its working methods except the Congress.
The body of the youth was found from Mynkre village on the road to Amrit Cement.
At the same time, a copy was sent to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai and to Lahkmen Rymbui, Local MLA 7-Amlarem, Chief Adviser of the State Government to help the family.
He said that the storm has not only damaged the houses, but also many crops and there has been a cold weather in Ri Bhoi.
Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra this morning, while Ajit Pawar, the brother-in-law of Sharad Pawar, was sworn in as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra. the second chief minister of the State.
The HNLC said that in the past years, it has suffered from poverty, abduction of members, killing, arrest of members as well as weapons, but these are only part of the in the struggle, which as an organization has to face.
The day was filled with traditional songs and dances.
Russia came in third with 5,60,321 cases and India with 3,80,5
Vehicles should be banned from entering the farm to carry pig eggs and other items.
Regarding this, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the council has not yet received a full count of how many people have trading licenses and how many people operate without trading licenses. that the full report will be received on Thursday, as the investigation will continue.
Therefore, we should not be selfish, selfish, selfish and selfish and selfish.
“We have argued in the House, we have preached to the public that the ILP is a necessary law to fight against mynder – we wonder why the Sengbhalang has gone to talk about the Modified ILP,” he said. u Bah Mawsor while recalling the days when the ILP protest was still going on.
After the announcement, all the people were warned not to visit the place, which has been declared a Containment Zone, to prevent the spread of Covid-1
After the short meeting at Nongstoin Market, they went straight to Siejlieh Village to hold another public meeting which was conducted by Samla D.Kharsyntiew Secretary Siejlieh Village, in the presence of EC members of the village, women's organizations, association drivers, HYC leaders, the people and others.
According to the Director, she refused to perform her duties and as he was still busy he postponed the job with her.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Party, Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin. The party has selected the name of Bah Apsharailang Syiem as the candidate for the upcoming MDC elections.
Most of the players arrived at the training ground in Kolkata on the 16th of this month while others who were with the teams for the ISL final arrived on the 18th.
Regarding these two bridges on the border with Bangladesh which are also important for the security of the country, the state government is ready to seek assistance from the World Bank to build the two bridges on the Shella River. bad Khasiamara who don't have a friend.
Hamlet said that at present the issue of the land dealers is still pending in court as there is a case between the government and them, but the government will resolve the issue. by providing places for them to sit and not to crowd the streets.
He said that the collection of cess tax has been going on for a long time, but the government has just implemented it recently and in 1987 the government accepted the special tax on coal. T10 for the payment of teachers' salaries.
King Ricky said that permission has been given for the construction of the Gurudwara, Guru Nanak School, Shiv Temple and Durga Temple.
Replying to the allegations by Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC Nongthymmai that KHNAM has been sleeping to fight for the issues of the people especially the MUDA border crossing, Adelbert said that KHNAM has stood firm in the issue. foundation to fight for the nation.
Speaking to reporters, Gaurav Gogoi said that Congress MP Rahul Gandhi's launch of the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra has shown that there is a strong sense of security in the country. There is a strong opposition group to fight against the BJP. If there is anyone who doesn't serve the opposition, it is Rahul Gandhi.
To improve is easy and takes only a little time but to improve is very difficult and takes time, energy and sacrifice.
The planners should follow the rules in advance to provide a public road, so that there will be no traffic jams.
Dr.P.Shylla said that blood donation is essential, therefore awareness training is essential on this issue, at the same time she urged that blood donors should be an example. to one.
Banag Dkhar (33) scored the first goal for Caroline Colony.
“We have recovered the bodies of IB officer Bikash Singh and a clothes trader Kamal Saha, who were abducted by Achik Songna Anpachakgipa Kotok (ASAK), from a forest. “There are 10 cases in South Garo Hills,” said Rajiv Mehta, Chief Superintendent of Police.
Besides these, there will also be a reduction in expenditure as the income will be only for the village company that implements the work.
He said that later, there was a suggestion to review the promotion of teachers, but Prof.SK Srivastava sent the matter to the UGC. However, it is understood that he did not do so, but he promoted only a few teachers.
He said that the reason for the increase in the traffic jam on the roads is because many trucks with 1000 trucks per day, pass without stopping. They were taken to hospitals, which caused a lot of trouble and they were stuck in the middle of the road because of the bad road and heavy traffic jam from the Umngot River.
This resolution was passed by voice vote.
The outbreak of COVID-19 in recent years has completely changed the way we use the internet in these times.
Before becoming Mawphlang MLA in 2018, he was the Chief Engineer of PHE in the state and last year he was elected President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
In Mawlai, which is the largest and busiest beef market, it was quiet on Sunday, as all the beef vendors did not sell beef, but only those who sold pork and doh chicken.
Matthew 24:7-8.
At present, there is no railway line to Khasi Jaintia Hills because many of them don't want to and it is not useful for the Government of India or the State Government to force the residents to accept what they don't want. please.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Metbah said that he is confident that the people of Mairang will elect him again this time for the work he has done. The District will bring the information to the public, and there are still other offices that need to be brought to this place.
To avoid this mind boggling driving style.
Although the Election Commission of India has not announced the date of the Assembly elections, the political parties have started preparing for the MP elections. of your own party.
Umesh Pal was one of the key witnesses in the murder of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MLA Raju Pal and two of his followers.
“They don't understand that this earth was created for man to live on”.
Shillong, July 02 : Umphrew Village, one of the small villages in Mawlai C&RD Block, has become the first village to implement the Amrit Sarovar, which is a water reservoir scheme ordered by the Central Government. all over India.
In North Garo Hills, there are 6 cases, in Ri Bhoi, 58 cases, in Lumpata cluster 3, Nongsangu cluster 24, Umraleng cluster 4, Umran Dairy cluster 8 and Umsaw Nongbri cluster 3 cases.
He said that many have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the future of their children and to preserve the land, culture and language.
On the other hand, Dr War said that the search for contacts of this Covid positive person in Bhoirymbong is ongoing as he has been in contact with people since he returned to the state. Meghalaya on 26th July
Meghalaya, who have lost their last two home matches, have done well in this match to seek victory.
“Up to 2,20,000 people have applied to the government and after the NIC and the Labor Department have investigated, it has been found that about 35,000 to 40,000 people have given fake names. Only 1,84,000 people have been selected and out of these 150,000 people have already received this money,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Chief Minister's Office has allocated T.2 lakh for the dead and T.50,000 for the injured, while the State Government has allocated T.50,000 for the dead and T.50,000 for the injured. 10 thousand people were injured.
In this regard, the organization cannot accept such textbooks which aim to mislead and mislead the students.
He denied that the RSS is a Hindi group, saying that the RSS works for the welfare of society and has no religious discrimination.
They are SI Pearl Talang, SI H Kurbah and SI Emboklang Sungoh who were in charge of Shallang PS at their respective times.
Shillong, March 1 : The Forest and Environment Department has not used Rs 102.02 crore from the Meghalaya Fund. Minor Mineral Reclamation Fund (MMMRF) and this fund is actually for the purpose of improving and looking after how to fill and plant trees again those mining parks which have been abandoned or stolen. underground whether it is coal, ore, shyiap and others.
Thomas said that in fact the government cannot divide the recruitment process for the youth who have been named as winners. “There is no rule to appoint by divide, but “Because we allowed them to vote, they took advantage of it. Besides being delayed for up to 5 years to issue the resolution, they have delayed the appointment,” he said. Passah said that KHNAM has already filed a complaint against MeECL.
Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, seven persons who tested positive for covid-19 are BSF personnel and seven cases are civilians including one from outside the state and one Civil nurse. Three cases are from Mawlai Nongkwar, one case from Rilbong, one case from Mawbah and three cases from Nazareth Hospital. .
He said he is confident that all those involved in this process will continue to move forward in this belief which will bring about the strengthening of the country through continued dialogue.
“I have not yet taken any decision to contest from any party,” he said when asked whether he would join other political parties to get a ticket.
Jammu and Kashmir police, with the assistance of Bihar police, alleged that the two brothers had kidnapped two beautiful girls from Ramban district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Many political parties opposed to the uranium mining project will attend the meeting but the HYC WKH has decided not to attend the meeting.
The winners were Narimon Nongrum in the 38 kg category, Monica Nongrum in the 63.3 kg category and Ishadora Thongni in the 45 kg category.
how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her brood under her wings, and ye would not!
These are the incidents that will shock you and how we need to fight and eradicate corruption so that proper development projects can come and the state can grow,” he added.
The Maruti Gypsy (ML-05J-2921) was damaged and he lodged an FIR at Mawlai Police Station.
The committee includes Munu Shakwa as President, Liam Pator as General Secretary, Dominic Lyngdoh and Nicholas Manar as Treasurer and other members elected from the residents of the Easy Raid.
The new government in Tamil Nadu has imposed a curfew in the state from 10th to 24th June
The Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, Ram Vilas Paswan, said that there has been no increase in the price of beverages by the government. “The truth is that there is no shortage of milk in the country,” he said.
The victims were identified as Bita Rabha and Mikseng Marak, traders from Williamnagar, while another seriously injured was identified as Mokibul Akond. and these are the people.
Doing good will be criticized and doing bad will not be said.
Mizoram separated from Assam in 1972, when it became a small state, and then, in 1987, it became a full state.
Youths from rural areas have reached the cities and other states in search of alternative sources of income, causing many social problems in the state.
A total of 32 teams from North Shillong Constituency including KSU Jaïaw Circle, KSU Mawlai Circle, HYC Central Body and two teams from H. Shillong Constituency have participated in the tournament. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaïaw.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the work has been suspended for a long time as there are 176 vacancies for doctors. specialists and 366 for other doctors.
He also translated into Khasi from Welsh the book 'Rhodd Mam' in
He said the party wants to set up a judicial inquiry into the demand for the eviction of metor drivers from Iewmawlong area to clarify what happened and what should be done.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle today inspected the food and beverage shops in Laban, Lumparing, Lumshatsngi and KOR. She has received many complaints from the residents that these shops are very dirty and many people get sick from time to time if they eat from these shops.
They were wise, strong and trusted in God, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
He said that the government should have allocated a large budget for the farmers, but now the words and the deeds do not match because the government's allocation for the agriculture department is too high. “It is not enough and now it has started to abolish many farmer schemes, or is there a purpose behind it,” he asked.
Many of the roads in the villages have been constructed through NREGS and have been paved with dewbilat.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 5 cases, 3 cases of ILI and 2 cases of Lailawsnai.
Even the officers in various departments are many corrupt and few do their job properly.
So far, 13 people have been arrested in connection with the incident.
The cause of the accident was caused by the speeding of the driver of the Bolero Pick Up, who was not only drunk, but also drove too fast. The accident caused injuries.
However, she kept this displeasure in her heart without revealing anything to her mother and in her outward activities in front of Panah.
East Khasi Hills has 197 cases, West Garo Hills 38 and Ribhoi District has 13 new cases.
You have to choose.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya congratulates the Table Tennis, Judo and Football Teams of the State for taking part in the 66th National School Games. The conference will be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh from 8th to 12th July
In this regard, the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, in charge of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, said that he has received a letter dated 16th June, 2023 to inform the four villages in Ri-Bhoi District which are under curfew due to the African Swine Flu (ASF).
He said that the party needs the central government and the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state which is very much needed now.
“How can we trust MUDA, look at the news that there are many garbage jobs,” he said.
During the raid, BSF personnel from Tikrikilla seized a vehicle at Phutamati and seized Rs 2 lakh from Soyadur Rahman of Goladihli.
Nongstoin, Nailar 06: The 38th Meghalaya Badminton Championship 2023 was organized by the West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association on Saturday at the Indoor Stadium Nongstoiñ. The East Khasi Hills team won the title of winner among all the teams.
The old year is far away, Wym iachem is here on earth.
This is a statement by Jingkyrmen Nongrem, Publicity Secretary, KSU Rangthong Unit.
The Nagaland government will discuss with the Central Government and NHIDCL to take immediate measures to protect the passengers in the dangerous areas of the road, Rio said.
I would also like to thank the Athletics Federation of India for allowing me to be the manager of the team,” said Finely Pariat.
One of the Rangbah said that the main reason for the lack of opportunities for the youth is due to the excessive earnings that parents give to their children while they are young.
Referring to these problems, the Minister said that they have to think and discuss together so that the intention to improve the roads will be equal and not to increase. there is no more trouble.
“I thank God for this unexpected opportunity, I thank the Athletics Federation of India for supporting me and also to my friends who have blessed me for this opportunity. my.
The office bearers were confirmed at the General Council of the UDP held on Saturday at the party headquarters in Shillong.
The tournament will start on March 13 and the prize money is T.12,000 for the winner and T.8,000 for the runner-up.
“This is why we have called a new tender for the implementation,” he added.
Teinwel said the 14 members will hold a meeting now to take decisions on how to proceed.
It will have the opportunity to cross the border with Meghalaya as it used to do.
When the census was taken, many hundreds of years later, the census takers came.
In the last five years, there have been steps to boost educational infrastructure in the area.
“Now you're the only reason why I'm really upset,” said Peter. “Yes, you are,” agreed an older man wearing a coat. “Pray for any of you,” said Peter's mother. “Let me pray for you,” said the young pastor.
The deceased was born in East Jaintia Hills District.
Guwahati: The Additional Superintendent of Police, Manipur, was abducted by armed men of the Arambai Tenggol group, a Meitei group, on Tuesday night.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Meghalaya government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has requested Rs 1,500 or Rs 2,000 crore from the Indian government. part of 3 projects to build roads in the state.
“What I will do you will see in the next dorbar, the members of the dorbar should be disciplined from the dress code, the language they speak inside the dorbar and I will explain the rules in advance. I'm going to start the next Dorbar,” said Bah Man.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2 : Former Assistant Inspector General (AIG) (A) Police Officer GK Iangrai has been arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the CID on Tuesday. Lumshyiap, Golflink, will be suspended from his post, said the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong.
Shillong: U Gurjeet Singh, Leader of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), on Tuesday said that the government has not yet provided any information on the evacuation of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
It can be said that a developed country needs followers and supporters in order to improve what is already good and what the people have already received. .
Inequality in any task or goal you intend to do often destroys your hope and this affects your mind and over time, the inability to control yourself. These challenges in the struggle increase the risk of depression.
At the same time, he directed them to conduct a surprise inspection to those factories in Byrnihat which produce Lyer jaboh.
According to the order, those exempted from the curfew include Security Force, Medical Teams on duty, Wholesale & Retail Pharmacies, Police and Armed Force, Fire & Emergency Service, MeECL, Print & Electronic Media and District Administration Officials. The curfew includes vehicles carrying essential goods, medicine vehicles and security forces.
Police said that to avoid any incident, the police chief was taken to Tura in Amapti but on the way, he escaped at 5.30 pm on Friday. .
Ollan Singh Suin as President Farmers Wing, Synshar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah as Secretary and Remington Pyngrope as Joint Secretary.
The earthquake measured 6.4 on the Richter scale and struck Lamidanda in Jajarkot district.
Shillong: KSU South Central East Circle Pynursla today sent a petition to the CEM of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne and the Leader of the Opposition. , due to the emergence of two forces in the villages.
Nongpoh, July 12: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the government should clean up the road from Umsning to Sonidan and also the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai. The problems faced by the people in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road.
The union under the leadership of Organizing Secretary Khrawbor Kharkongor raided the shop and were surprised to find that all these tins of umphniang do not have the date of production and expiration.
Shillong Lajong (Under-21) FC, one of the leading clubs in the state, lost to Raid Nongpoh on Tuesday.
Jakhar, 56, has also decided to return his three months salary along with arrears and others, so that they can be released from his job as soon as possible.
Expressing his concern over the use of the name of the HNLC, Bah Bless Dkhar said that the HNLC itself has denied any involvement in demanding money. .
Yash Mishra scored 2/12 off three overs.
The MDA is likely to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah on the same issue.
Rymbui said that on receiving the information, a team of police rushed to the scene but when they reached the scene they found that four out of the seven robbers had been shot dead. to the public.
After the meeting, it was decided that the SDDF will demand from the Government to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division or Sohra and Shella constituencies to a district.
The areas under Shillong city include the Municipal and Cantonment, the villages in Mawlai and Mawpat Blocks, the villages in Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7th Mile Upper Shillong. Lawsohtun, Mawdiang, Diengiong and Siejiong.
Juvenile Justice Board, Jowai.
SN Lamare, says that although Syiem Bor Kuseiñ-I was not the founder of the Sutnga Hima, he was the founder of the Jaintia Hima.
The road from Khan Tire Shop, Keating Road to MESEB will no longer be open to vehicles and vehicles will pass from MeSEB office to Khan Tyre, Keating Road.
“In 2023, the people of Meghalaya have given us their trust again and we have been able to form a Government and we will complete this term with victory,” he said. There has been a strong Government in the State and there are still many things to be done for the State and our people”.
He said that as an MLA, he has tried in his own strength to be the only one among the 60 members to speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew.
The aim of the team to open this Futsal Stadium is to open up the opportunity for the children of the state to play and promote Futsal in adequate grounds. which is now.
The wild donkeys had a special authority in their respective countries before Jesus Christ during the reign of the Jewish king, who was united with the wild donkey and him, who were the kings of Assyria between 687-642 BC by bringing in the idol Baal (Asherah) to fight against the idol by destroying the humanity of the nation. After the chief priests, the scribes, and the rulers had spread the poison to proclaim the Goodness of Jesus Christ, in which the Jews had appeared to be the Enemy of Christ, this poison had entered into them. Ever since the birth of the serpent, Hagar has been born.
The union said that these vehicles of the villagers pass only nearby, but they have been charged money and they have to pay if they pass more than once a day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham constituency will join the National People's Party (NPP) on the 11th of this month at a general meeting to be held at Sohryngkham on the 11th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Jal Jeevan Mission is a very important scheme from the Central Government and also from the State Government to provide drinking water. and thanks to the hard work of the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton, they have been able to implement this scheme in the Census Towns.
“The 18 gates, which the Government has mentioned in the Act and written for the First, Second and Third Phase, are only in writing while in reality they are “Nil.
Conrad said he has confidence in the leadership of the Chief Minister of Assam and the Government of India and they will find a way to resolve this issue through mutual trust and friendship.
Furthermore, out of these 1052 WSHGs, 103 WSHGs have received T.78 lakh from the implementation of NREGS convergence schemes for the year. 2018-19 and 2019-20.
They have been appointed as Chairman, Vice Chairman and Deputy Chairman in various Committees/Commissions which have not produced any work for decades.
The four players will also represent the state at the 60th National Chess Championship 2023 to be held in Pune, Maharashtra from 16 to 26 July
All the Waheh Shnongs within the Ladrymbai OP were present at the meeting. These 5 issues were discussed in detail to curb crime and the Ladrymbai OP Police called for the cooperation of the Waheh Shnongs to you're snow.
Members of the Khasi Student Union, Village Leaders from Larnai, various drivers' associations from Khasi and Jaintia and also the family members of these drivers were present on the occasion. they shall not be killed.
The number of cases of corona virus in India is increasing day by day.
“I would like to make it clear that there is no longer any restriction on the recruitment and selection of applicants, but one of the rules that they should set is to provide roster systems”.
The reason why the village leaders of these five villages, have demanded to leave Nongpoh Town, is because they do not agree to be called as those villages which have become cities. or included in the Town and Urban, because many of the people living in these villages are still rural and live only by day labor or go to work in the forest.
By reducing more than 30,000 duties, repealing more than 1500 laws, removing the illegality of various sections of the Companies Act, it has ensured that companies in India are moving forward and books to new cliffs.
At the same time, he said the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) will not affect the influx of tourists and compared it to the violation of laws in Israel but it does not encourage people from all over the world to visit the country.
We want to take measures to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future,” he said, adding that those involved in human rights violations should be severely punished.
Here we see that it is necessary to educate the students to know about it because it is the source of power and authority for the country.
On the other hand, he alleged that it was the relatives of Mainu S. Sangma along with her friends, who went to forcibly break the boundary of her land at midnight.
On this occasion, the office honored the elderly voters who have reached 80 years and above from all parts of the district.
Ex-Rev. K. Langrin is no longer a member of the Presbyterian Church.
This happened at Bethany on the Mount of Olives; the Word of God says that he was taken up into heaven to prepare a place for us.
However, due to the presence of the State Legislative Assembly, they moved to Madan Malki, Shillong.
These goods were seized by the troops from the border areas of East Khasi Hills bordering Bangladesh.
Earlier, the KJP Assembly has handed over to the Administrative Office to read within 10 months the reply of the Managing Committee (MC) Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaiaw Shillong. According to Pastor Phawa, there was a letter in June this year in which there were 6 doctors from the KJP. Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital who expressed their dissatisfaction with the actions of the Medical Superintendent (MS) Dr DD Tariang and raised up to 10 issues.
The story here is not about the village, but about a family of Kong Jecinta Kharkongor who has 7 children. , and they dwelt in a small house in this town.
They demanded that the State Government, District Councils, should take strict action against these people, before these things go beyond the limit.
The venues scheduled to pass are Happy Valley, Madanrting, Nongthymmai, St Edmund, Dhankheti, Barik, IGP, Rynjah, Pohkseh, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah, Laitumkhrah, Mawiong, Mawlai, Mawdatbaki, Mawroh, Goflink, Polo, Mawprem, Khyndai. Lad, Court, Laban, Nongmensong, Demseiniong, Polo, Jawiaw, Riatsamthiah, Umsohsun, Malki, Lawsohtun, Lumparing, Lummawbah, Mawpat, Langkyrding, Lumshyiap, Pynthorbah.
He also explained the problems of the college and the students, including the construction and the ease of recruitment of assistant lecturers after the retirement of the lecturers.
On the performance of the MDA Government, Dr Aman War said, “The MDA Government for the past three years has been the MDA Government but now it is the DAM Government”.
In 1223, in the town of Greccio, Italy, he built the first Shyngoid to commemorate the Nativity of Jesus in Bethlehem.
“It would be better for those who speak to listen to what Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit has said, to accept without listening to everyone, it is not pleasant,” said Dr. Ricky.
A nation that holds and remembers its own customs and traditions is a living nation.
We the BJP MDCs strongly oppose this and we also condemn the EC which has bowed its head before the Dolloi,” said MDCs Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang and Lakhon Biam who are MDCs of JHADC. The farmers of Lumputhoi Village in Rymbai District, East Jaintia Hills District are suffering from the burning of synsar in their fields.
Shillong, March 29 : The STEM buses introduced by the Meghalaya government for the purpose of dropping off and transporting schools across Shillong have won the 'City with the Best Record of Public' award. The 16th Urban Mobility India Conference and Expo 2023 will be held in Delhi from 27th to 29th of this month.
It should work with various schools and colleges to educate the youth.
That is why we have to understand the truth, we have to tell the truth,” said Saleng.
Eri Weave, a women-led company started by Iaishah Rymbai with the aim of preserving the traditional Eri Weave, is an example of how the trade in Meghalaya can promote culture, natural resources and the spirit of self-reliance.
The seed is not good.
The union has also banned those people who go to offer, sell and buy goods in the villages in the area to temporarily stop their activities.
He said that they should be taken care of and should not be misused and should be reported immediately if they are lost.
In her book Hema Malini: Beyond the Dream Girl, it is written that her mother, Jaya Chakravathy, forced her to marry Jeetendra, but her soul Hema, on the other hand, was eager to marry Dharmendra.
Eva, who has been involved with many NGOs, feels that it is her duty to do good for others, especially those affected by poverty.
Shillong, March 26: The Medical Superintendent (MS) and Accountant of the hospital, Shillong, have allegedly misused the funds of the hospital. employees admitted that they knew nothing about it but had only seen it in the newspapers.
Furthermore, Ms Sohtun in her speech explained that they should not misunderstand regarding the jobs because the jobs at home and the jobs in the factories are their own.
Because the tympew is like a jyrmi, it is necessary to plant trees to support it.
Jowai, Naiwieng, 06: “Please help us,” said the employees of JHADC Jowai who have lost their salaries for 9 months. from June to April 2023.
Speaking to media, Bah Dundee said, “How can you reconsider the Reservation Policy because according to the law of the Central Government, the share for the people cannot exceed 50 percent.
Umphliew Jingtip HSS reached the final by beating Ïewrynghep Secondary School 3-0 in the semifinal on Thursday at Heh Mawlai Phudmuri Stadium while H.Elias HSS beat Ïewrynghep Secondary School 3-0 St. Gabriel Higher Secondary School at the same ground.
At its meeting held in Udaipur, Rajasthan, the Congress party decided to create three new departments, Public Insight, Election Management and National Training.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mowkaiaw has also expressed its deep sorrow over the unkind remarks of Ma Nujorki Sungoh who has announced that Rs 6 crore has been allocated for the construction of the road in Mowkaiaw.
The Jowai Court has informed that the coal will be auctioned. The court has ordered that the coal will be auctioned.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The producers of Rock on 2 are ready to start shooting in Meghalaya.
Therefore, Hindu men also want to get the same kind of UCC as Muslims.
The NIA operation came a few months after the terrorist attack in Poonch in which five soldiers were killed.
On the other hand, if the Coronavirus were the work of God, no scientist would be able to develop a cure.
A few days before the start of the elections, the BJP released its manifesto in New Delhi. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, BJP National President Amit Shah and others were present. others are the leaders of the organization.
The Vice President of the PDF, Bah James Ban Basaïawmoit, who conducted the meeting, said that he does not believe that people who drive 300,000 or 400,000 vehicles still want to serve the people and therefore should be allowed. Auspicious to become a public servant because he understands better the people of the area.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has decided to reconsider its decision to request the names of government employees who hold Shnong posts in groups.
" All agreed.
“In this regard, we should break the party feeling because the party is only a uniform and in the Sixth Schedule, the word party does not exist,” he said.
When asked, the Chief Minister said that the NPP party led by the MDA government has already worked hard to bring about development in the state, although there are some issues. concerned where each government usually meets.
He said he will also move three resolutions on the roster system, the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the border between Meghalaya and Assam, the plight of school teachers and the report of inquiry on the roster system. Former HNLC General Secretary Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was shot dead among others.
On the other hand, the farmers and those who have left money with the man, have requested the I-team of the Department of Agriculture which has authorized the man to collect the Sying from the farmers. of the area, that they should immediately call him and ask him to pay the remaining money to these Sying farmers.
Therefore, adding to his speech, he said that in this MP election, it is no longer necessary to be political, religious or party-oriented but it is time for the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to send or elect only to a leader who is trustworthy and capable of doing the work of the people and for the sake of the country and the nation in the most effective and perfect way.
He said that as the people who want the development of the area, they should support the NPP in this MDC election. The victory in this MDC election will bring about a major change in the state not only in terms of economic development but especially in terms of customs and traditions.
The cause of the fire is not yet known, but it is suspected that it may have been caused by an electrical fault.
He will not speak further on these allegations as the voting has closed at 4 pm.
“We have witnessed for the second time that more than 160 people who took part in the funeral at Mariampur village, on the Meghalaya border, have lost consciousness after eating fish. challan is not issued in this regard.
The SC has sent a letter to the mobile or bank account.
The head of the hospital said that there is another body of a deceased patient identified as Binod Thapa, 40 years old resident of Shillong, Shillong.
He said that it is necessary for the District authorities to implement the District Task Force Committee, so that the village leaders can participate in the monitoring of illegal entry. According to the Act, the village leaders have a major role in overseeing the entry of foreigners.
I want to know who is the Assistant Engineer at PheDivision.
The Director of Legal Metrology said that there are 180 thew bridges in the state including those of the state government, companies and private individuals who visit the department to check whether they are suitable or not.
It cannot be compared that the BJP is the largest political party in the world.
The experts who gave the training were Prof. VN Alok, IIPA New Delhi, Prof. Sumarlin Umdor, Department of Economics, NEHU and Bah Tornado G. Wanniang, Sr.
However, he said that without the assistance of the Hima, it will not be able to carry out its activities.
“Without contesting the election or getting the support of the people, she has just come and robbed the MLAs and started to gain a foothold in the state. that they stand for the people.
This is just a joke, says the scientist.
He said that the countries in the Middle East have been fighting to set fires and create all kinds of conflicts, now it is time for them to stop completely and to pour water. all these things are done.
What is the benefit of not electing a lawgiver? Now we must elect legislators who know God and who will bring about change in the rule of law in the state.
The union said that this has put the farmers in trouble where the government through the Water Resources Department has wasted money in the name of development for the farmers.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three fellow soldiers of the group for allegedly shooting at a truck leading to the death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih in Mawshun, Mawshun. Apply for Sub Division.
“Speaking on the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, he said the party will decide on the candidates for the Tura parliamentary seat.
Nongpoh: Two public health centres, Umtrai PHC and Umlaper Sub-center, which are located in the border areas and fall under the Mawhati Constituency, have many shortcomings and have caused problems to the staff. health, who are in such public health facilities.
Once you turned around, it was hard to turn back.
In the final, NER scored goals through Dao Wohni Sutnga and SP Zou.
“The contracts to operate these gates have been awarded to those who have connections with the CEM, Executive Member (EM) or MDC. just in a few moments," he said.
He also congratulated the players for their skills and expected that these teams will continue to improve in the field of sports and even represent the state at the National Level.
On the other hand, Carry Oscar Kharmutee General Secretary of FKJGP WKHD said that the meeting in Langpih was organized by the Assam government. this area where they didn't tell, but they didn't know.
Marak to discuss the issue of recruitment of teachers in various Colleges through Govt.
“There will be a selection committee and through the proper selection, the eligible musicians will be able to receive financial assistance,” he added.
“Please provide the network companies during the power outage or even during the power outage so that They will not lose their jobs, not only that they will not lose the money we have already deposited or recharged on their mobile phones.
At 10:30 pm, the speaker was Pastor Laskor.
The Forum reminds and hopes that the Chief Minister will keep his word, which he said in his speech on 29th July 2014 at the State Central Library, that the State Government will work together with the coal mine owners and to free them from this problem, which they are facing in these days from the coal blockade.
Guwahati: Members of the All India Road Transport Workers Federation (AIRTWF) today held a mass protest at Khanapara to express their strong opposition to the Meghalaya government.
We can understand that the Government is silent," he said, adding, "if the Government takes action after they (FASToM leaders) submit a written statement, but why When the writing is submitted, it shall be lost in the File of the Secretariat.
All those who spoke on the occasion, expressed their strong opposition to the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the District Council and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, for their lack of attention to the Listen to the opposition of the people on the proposal to allocate land to the BSF. It was also heard that they do not oppose those owners who want to sell their land, but their opposition is that they are afraid that the Shillong: The Minister in charge of Disaster Management, Shillong, has said that the land sale will affect other farmers who do not want to sell their land. U Kyrmen Shylla, today urged the people to donate their land to the government for the development of the state.
One person has lost his life in an accident at Thlumuvi on Friday night.
Meanwhile, the meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong, Ma Y Syngkon, who said that the Shnong welcomes and appreciates the Foundation for its donation. children as well as people with disabilities who are in dire need of assistance.
Shillong: In the Women's Senior One Day Trophy between Meghalaya and Tamil Nadu in Chennai today, Meghalaya lost by seven wickets.
Shillong, November 10: U Ardent M Basaiawmoit today handed over his MLA scheme through the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) for the year 2014-15 to the HSPDP MDC candidate from Nongstoin, Hubert Riang. .
Shillong, July 3: U Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan today launched the cover and stamp of the 65th Plenary Meeting of the North Eastern Council (EAC). NEC), at a meeting held at Raj Bhawan.
“Those who walk without the knowledge of the Council, encourage others to fight.
The State Government has decided to request the Central Government to establish an All India Institute of Medical Science (AIIMS) in Meghalaya.
However, there has been a lot of controversy regarding the location of the Umïam Dam and it is no longer safe for overloaded vehicles to pass because it poses a threat to the bridge and the construction of the Umïam Dam. the dam.
Landlords and tenants can also register through the Mobile App by downloading from the website.
Wellbirth said the task of the Adhoc Committee is to examine the condition of the land and will hold talks with the government. Three passengers were burnt alive in a collision between a bus and a truck and 30 others were injured in the incident which happened on Tuesday night in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh near the Karnataka border, police said.
Dominik Lyngkhoi, while informing reporters, said that the group of traditional musical instrument makers from the state, left on the 4th of this month and arrived in Delhi on time. , where the President inaugurated the special programme, which was like a big market, which started from the 6th to the 4th of this month.
The meeting was opened by the Minister of Urban Affairs of Meghalaya, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest.
“The victory is not mine, it belongs to the people of Garo Hills, the victory of good and evil,” Conrad said in a statement.
Lawmali also won a cash prize of T.1 lakh while the soldiers won T.50,0
The freedom of religions in India such as Muslims, Christians, etc., has increased.
The reason why these employees of the electricity department have decided to hold a strike is because they do not believe that the department will implement their new salary before implementing the strike. They have given the department a deadline of 7th of this month to respond to them.
On the 11th, the motorcycle caught fire in Thiruppur, Tamil Nadu, the fourth incident of two-wheeler catching fire in the past three months; after a father and daughter died in an explosion, a motorcycle exploded while being fed electricity.
Rihanna, who has become famous over the years, has reportedly surpassed Katy Perry as the most followed woman on Twitter.
On the BJP's decision not to include the NPP in the Manipur Government, Chuba AO promised that this will not happen in Meghalaya.
The main reason is that no one has ever been infected with the disease.
The C&RD department scored the goal for Heiwamut in the 12th minute.
These things affect the lives of people because they are no longer the same.
It was made clear that the regime intends to promote terrorism in the country and will not affect freedom of speech in the country.
The elephant, has broken the windows of the vehicle, the roof and the body of the vehicle, in the temporary collision.
Ed course and the dates for filling up the forms for the re-examination of the subjects held within a day on or before the 23rd of this month , the union will continue the strike on the 24th and 1st of this month from 11:30 pm to 2 pm"
The latest news on the MDC elections in JHADC; The UDP has nominated candidates who have completed LLB, Engineer, Doctor of Law, Police and veteran politicians who have won MDC for three terms.
If half of the children have received education while half of the children have not received education at all, it shows that the education system is still in disarray and has not been smooth.
He said it is the duty of the government to inform the final decision on the matter, as the HLC is only to prepare the full report and submit it before the government. the state will not take it or decide.
Those present and speakers included YR Mawlong, MCS, ADC, South West Khasi Hills District, I. Lawrniang, MCS, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, and GD Kharwanlang. , MPS, Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District among others.
Perhaps, outside the peace talks room, there may be those who are angry that the HNLC also has to answer many questions on the allegations of violence, killing, injuring and kidnapping of fellow citizens and especially to those who are stupid.
At present, it is the social media platform that spreads news every minute to everyone.
Tickets for the match have been sold from Thursday at Police Bazaar, Cafe Shillong, Laitumkhrah and SSA Ticket Counters.
The Council has approved the Estimate Expenditures of T.205,19,52,500/-.
“Other states bordering Assam have Inner Line Permit (ILP), it will be difficult for these foreigners to enter these states, but in Meghalaya there is no law against it. Hundreds of vehicles from Assam have been smuggled into our state. We don't know how many of them are tourists and how many of them are foreigners. “It's a good idea to stay here in our country,” said the Vice President of the party, Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh.
He said that if the railway line is allowed to be built, the expenditure of foreigners coming to Jaintia Hills will undoubtedly increase.
Rai Langstang, 63, of Muthlong Rim, died at MCH Hospital, Jowai.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station regarding the 'disappearance' of three MLAs. The HITO has received information from various places that people have gone to meet the MLAs in the villages where these MLAs lead in order to give the They sent a letter to them and to raise the issue of employment in the state, but these MLAs were not present at their residences.
Han I have finished all this, Wymhun I have finished everything.
R Nithya Ramraj (13.44s); 3 Sapna Kumari (13.58s)Women’s Discus throw: 1.
The incident happened at 3:30 pm on the 7th of this month at Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills on the highway. Jondari Passah, 27, of Ladthadlaboh Petrol Pump, Jowai and Damechanlang Dkhar, 25, of Khimusniang, Jowai.
Dr. Ampareen had the opportunity to talk to the patients at the hospital and after that a meeting was held in the presence of doctors and senior health officials.
Some of the reasons include pollution, pollution, pollution and allergies to pets.
Yadav is contesting from Madhepura constituency.
“According to information, the reason for the increase in the price of petrol in the country and the state is due to crude oil, freight and the increase in the price of products to the consumers; the Central Government, the Value Added Tax by the State Government.
Sibal said the death toll has risen to 53, but there has been no complaint, although there are facts that the police have arrested the rioters.
He said, “I am the Lord, and there is no other besides me” Isaiah 45:5-6
The state has young people who are ready to work and the opening up of job opportunities for the youth is a way to employ the youth and now the government has allocated Rs 300 crore in the last five years. to create opportunities for the youth by implementing various programmes.
Nongstoiñ: Ryntih SC has qualified for the second round of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) after beating MLP FT in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. on the first day of the month at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
On the other hand, the factories will not be discussed.
NHAI officials have submitted a false report to the Extra Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills regarding the maintenance of the NH-6 and admitted that 80% of the maintenance has been completed. said a statement from the village leaders of Narpuh.
When the accident happened, the people who found the incident, tried to help the driver and follower of the gas truck, who rushed them to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, but The driver of the truck, Achik Barbuyia, died shortly after arriving at the hospital, while the passenger, Sunil Nath, was still in the hospital. you are being treated.
The department's new mascot “Jagriti" was launched this year and the educational offering has been strengthened.
On receiving a tip, police conducted a search operation at Mawlai at 2 pm this morning and arrested two persons who were trying to flee to Guwahati.
Shillong, October 22: Mawsynram MLA Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has vowed to take to court if the state government continues to fail to release the funds belonging to the district council.
Finally, the statement demands that the food inspectors should conduct monthly inspections to immediately prevent the spread of food poisoning. Go to foreign shops to avoid such food shops which are not healthy.
According to a source from Mairang Police Station, the body was found by a passerby and after that he immediately informed the elders who were at the scene and immediately informed the police. Police immediately rushed to the scene and recovered the body.
“Yes, it doesn't matter, but it's just a thylliej,” said Hiram in a thoughtful manner. “If that's the case, it doesn't matter, but see if you can speak,” said Ri. "It's too late," said Hiram and paid for the food. "Let's run away from here," he said and walked away. “To phi don't know too much,” he replied and looked back. While he was walking home, he remembered that the country was dressed in Dkhar clothes.
It restricts the District Council (which is the public government) in many ways.
The AJYWO Central Body together with the East Jaintia Zone, have sent a petition through the office of the Deputy Commissioner to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to express their opposition to the proposal. Government to introduce railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
This way of counting and taking the rights of the father is very wrong.
Because they do not accept and violate this law, the Protestant Churches in England are discriminated against and their followers or members, also known as dissenters, cannot hold office or higher positions in Government departments or receive degrees from universities and lack other needs or benefits that they should receive from the Government.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday distributed checks to 120 Self-Help Groups (SHGs) and beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana ( PMKSY-WDC 2.0) at the State Convention Centre, in the presence of the Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, Marcuise N Marak.
Teams/clubs who wish to participate are requested to contact 7005126682/9
Six ships and two aircraft have been deployed to track down and search for the US troops along with the plane that crashed in the sea. in Japan.
The Seng Samla also said that this unfair behavior of the NHAI and the government to repair this road has put many people in great trouble.
Freelyson Tariang (40) and Labanstar Taro (70) scored the second goal for Kharang while Pynshailang Kharwanniang scored the third goal for Nongkolew.
At the meeting, he said that he will work as hard as he can to win Ampareen as MP because he has a responsibility to the 19,000 people of Mairang constituency who have given their trust to him in the last MLA election. depth.
Biancy Kyndiah welcomed the participants.
Shortly after being arrested, the minister replied to the media that they had misunderstood his speech.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma congratulated the school for its 50th anniversary.
Hebrews 6:19 was spoken by Rev (Dr) MJ.Hynñiewta and the choir was sung by the youth service of Balang Dkhiah. and youth service of Ratacherra Church.
The Word of God speaks clearly.
Flax seeds : These flax seeds are rich in fatty acids and including them or flax seed oil in your diet can prevent high blood pressure and stroke.
"We will stand firm in Moscow and anyone who disrupts our journey will have to pay for it," Prigozhin vowed.
There are also some Dkhar shops in the market which are not open and they take whatever the people give whether it is T.500 or T.1000 and there are some Dkhar shops in Iewmawlong, Anjalee. Many of the people have rushed to these shops to sell their books.
Judge SR Sen, in his order issued on the 15th of this month, has directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District Pooja Pandey to return the syrnod to those who went to complaint and shall be included as such in the electoral roll.
Syiem Jor Manik, one of the Syiems of the Hima Mylliem, in his book entitled, 'The Story of the Hima Mylliem', tells us that the Ïewduh is one of the largest markets in the North Eastern region of India and that it was an important market in the Empire.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah David Khasain, Rangbah Shnong, Sunalin Rynjah President, V.O.
May this article be a message to be spread throughout the Khasi Hills in order to urge any elderly or young men or women who are concerned about this issue to listen and take it as an invitation. demand for the welfare of the society in the state.
Maintaining peace and order is the responsibility of the government, but people with the cooperation of the ruling parties took to the streets to protest.
and stayed in Nonglock.
How many times have you heard that the HNLC has killed Dkhars but most of them are Khasi.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said, “There is a demand from some civil society organizations regarding the repeal of the Gambling Regulation Act, but when they say on the vacancy it includes the team, the cow, the fish and the jackpot”.
He said that the vehicles that bring food into the state have to be treated with pesticides before entering the state. to follow the rules they send.
The UDP should immediately expel Lahkmen Rymbui.
Because if this law is violated, it will always help to rebuild the society, because the reason why the society has suffered so much is because there are no authorities of the law to and the children were afraid.
He said that the lack of a bridge in the area has put the students of KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School, which is located on the other side of the Three Road, in great trouble.
Up to 90-98% of the villages have not complained because they are happy (with this boundary talks,” he said.
Marcuise said the allegation should not come out because there is a system in the government, and if there is such a BSF, the Customs will do their job and the allegation is only to get. accusation without foundation.
The village authorities, initially, have built stone bridges, fences and tourist attractions on the Wah Umngot which surrounds the village under the MGNREGA scheme. but tens of thousands of visitors.
“We want the questions for the class examination to be set by the schools themselves as usual,” he said.
“The government's behavior will be like a fire in the state,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh.
Arunachal scored three goals against Sikkim through Pungte Lapung who scored in the 1st minute and Bengia Bosco in the 23rd minute. Sikkim scored the first goal in the 68th minute, while Sikkim turned the tide in a thrilling match through Sahil Chettry. Rohit Gurung scored in the 10th minute, Pravin Rai in the 82nd minute and Crisnawag Sherpa in the 82nd minute. in the 86th, and 90th minute.
The three killers were identified as Freddy Sohtun, Lastborn Ksanlah of Lawsohtun and Tenzing of Arunachal Pradesh.
How others feel about it, especially the writers or the scholars of the salonsari, or the authority of the government in this regard, remains to be seen.
Samuel, 23, joined the club after playing in the I-League for Real Kashmir FC. rangthep scored the most goals in the past season.
The NPP has appointed Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh as the leader in charge of Mizoram for the upcoming elections in Mizoram.
The seizure of these cows came after a close monitoring by the BSF on the India-Bangladesh border, the report said.
Meanwhile, there is money to spend hundreds of crores for the field of election candidates in Manipur, Nagaland and other states.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has demanded that the state government should release the names of the Ksiang who have been sent for peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). government.
He said that the government's lack of attention to improve the bridges in the state has also led to an increase in the price of beverages, as the vehicles carrying goods have had to pass through the country. the road is longer and requires a higher fare.
Shillong Lajong Football Club started their second division league campaign with a victory after beating United Sports Club Kolkata 2-1 in the match which was played on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
They immediately informed the Pynursla Development Block authorities to take immediate action to help the refugees of the village.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem has been held since 1911 in June and this dance is still alive today.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District has given its full support to the demand for the closure of the Coke Factory on the border of Nongsning, Umrasong and Umtyra villages.
" said the Rangbah Shnong.
The first students to enter the College were Rev. Khnong, Rev. Amirkha, Rev. Sahon, Rev. Sorkin, Rev. Sahonrai and Rev. Jobin Roy.
Gibbons (Shillong Western) and Little Kickers FA Ferrets (Mawngap) will play in the U-9 category.
He said that since yesterday, as soon as he received the information, he had already spoken to the BDO of Jirang Block C&RD Block who had sent people to inspect with him as the officer. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has urged the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action especially to deliver the relief goods as soon as possible to those refugees who have been severely affected.
Shillong, July 20 : The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of West Garo Hills has arrested two drug traffickers and seized 1.51 grams of heroin.
On this occasion, the State Coordinator of the State TB Office, Kong Tracy Kharkamni, took part in explaining to the public how to take care of themselves to avoid this disease as the Government has set a target to end the disease. by the end of
It was also witnessed that the spread of garbage has increased around the area which can affect even the Wah Myntdu which is the source of water.
Here we can say that the punishment is partial or one-sided because the younger one is punished until he becomes angry, angry and angry while the big one ends with the word “La appoint a team of investigators " without seeing anything.
In a meeting with the DMHO, the union said that the posts of Doctors, Nurses and others have been sanctioned and the treatment will start soon. month of January (May).
On the other hand, the State Government has done its utmost to meet the needs of the athletes of the State.
“The election is over and it doesn't matter who you vote for, but all the people of Delhi are in my house.
The opening ceremony of the hospital was a success in which Hindus, Mohammedans, Khasi, Dohlieh and others filled the hills and squares.
Police said that on Friday at about 4.00 pm they received a tip that Lathazuali Ralte, 45, of Sailkan, East Jaintia Hills PS Lumshnong, had ordered Lalduhwami Ralte, 42, of Sailkan, East Jaintia Hills PS Lumshnong. A Tata Sumo (ML05-K-2432) was transported from Mizoram to Shillong.
He added, “Thank God that you have listened to His call to be Priests to the end, the Priests are the servants to correct God's people, they are the I am in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Renikton, senior office bearers of the MPDA and residents from all over the villages of Mawkyrwat Constituency who have benefited from the MLA Scheme.
However, many people will refuse to talk about this because some candidates say that they have won without having to spend a lot of money.
Was that manna from heaven that just fell? Why do they say that, the five years, the fifty years and the fifteen years that have passed away say the same thing?
Because the same name has been given to the nation and to that place or our country as well.
The UDP rally at Balat Market, when it condemned the backwardness of this constituency, has raised slogans that it should no longer support MM Danggo because For more than 20 years, he has been an MLA, Minister, Speaker, but without any success.
Throughout the day, it was seen that the UDP, has first held a meeting to welcome these leaders who have joined the UDP, after which they will speak to the media.
The renovation of the market place was also inaugurated.
The winners in the women's 50m breaststroke were June Mary Shangdiar, Wandarihun Khyllem Kharai and Banriti Wanniang. In the 50m breaststroke, Wandarihun Khyllem Kharai, Antimoris Lyngdoh and Skelnaris Lyngdoh were the winners.
The night school was established in Laitumkhrah in 1985, along with many other schools.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Thousands of people today held a march from Iewtynghep Square to Weiking Square on the occasion of the 116th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem.
There have been 64,500 new cases in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to 1,0
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawlai Circle has extended its support and congratulations to Bah Titos Chyne, former CEM of KHADC. Bill, 2023.
so stop talking about reservation policy and to remain as it is......Iaid shaphrang vpp we love u n God loves u.
u la passed away at 1 pm in Neighrims 26th July 2015...“You are a true diengbilat, every election you fight doesn't need money, it's hard to win elections in this age you need money to win, but HSPDP flag is very strong, when we were children your name was clear, great deeds will last forever, it is difficult to find them. Leaders like you in this age, Years have passed we have lost you, many issues remain empty, you are indeed a mawlynnai for the country, we will never forget your legacy, we will never sit idly by for the future of the country, to reach the thong we shall suffer.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “We have already received the permits from MUDA since 22nd November 2020 and after this we will start building the office.
A rural child who comes to study in the city will have to pay from 300 spah per month to 800 spah tyngka, 2000 tyngka per month, 2000 tyngka per month, and 1500 tyngka for food. shine.
The cavemen are from the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Ireland and members of the Meghalaya Adventurers' Association.
In a petition submitted to the President of HANM, it said, “We submit this petition as a reminder to you and request you to take action on these issues which are necessary to protect the minorities in Meghalaya. let them be destroyed by other nations.
On this occasion, the MLA also inspected various projects created by the children in the presence of Bah John T Lyngdoh as the Chief Guest, Principal of the school Sister C Abraham. , sisters, teachers and others.
;Furthermore, to get more doctors to serve the state and especially in government hospitals, the government is now struggling as soon as possible to start implementation of two Medical Colleges in the state, one in Tura and one in Mawdiangdiang. .
Therefore, in this age, the government should open up other types of jobs such as supporting them to set up their own businesses whether they are small factories, and encouraging them to start. They do not do their own work in agriculture, farming and even in other fields.
Other matches on the same day were between Rangdajied United FC and Ladthalboh SC in a 1-1 draw at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. In Group B, Langsning SC beat Umkseh SC 3-1 in Group A at the MFA Stadium in Shillong. Rodyson Dkhar scored the first seven goals for Khliehmawlieh in the 14th minute of the first half. the second goal in the 20th minute.
He said that the meeting was a thorough discussion on the appointment quota for the state and he said that the meeting was only a discussion and no decision was taken and the Ribhoi Dorbar will continue to hold it. The meeting was held to discuss and get the best opinion from many intellectuals and leaders of Ri Bhoi as well as the people's leaders.
Another project is the construction of the PWD road from Top Um to Block (A), Kynjat Phutbol at a cost of T.63,13,000/-.
That was the first rice cultivation in Khasi-Jaintia and within 400 years the rice cultivation in Khasi-Jaintia has grown so much that it is difficult for the Khasi-Pnar to think that 400 years ago. you know this plant.
This happened when the children went to swim in the river.
He said that the lack of money for the rightful beneficiaries is very worrying especially when the central government has implemented the Equitable and Fair Compensation Act to the affected people.
The Kopati Puja Raij Raliang, which is held every year, this year will be held on the 28th-29th-30th Nov, 2023 at Raliang Village. On this day there shall be a feast from the morning, and in the evening there shall be a feast.
Deibor Bareh scored the first goal for Samaro in the 51st minute.
L.Suting, said that the Adoles-cent Health Resource Centre, will help to reduce the incidence of child marriage or childhood obesity by 1% per annum. 3% per annum, as well as helping to raise awareness on the importance of health, will help to bring about the betterment of society.
Shillong, July 24: Two persons, Naba Ram Rabha and Sanjib Kalita, have lodged a complaint with the police that two persons, Naba Ram Rabha and Sanjib Kalita, have stolen the documents of NEEPCO. They also took copies of these documents which were kept by the HR Wing of the office.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle has celebrated the World Environment Day (WED) by distributing garbage bags to drivers to spread the message that it is not allowed to throw garbage in vehicles. The nier that nier is shaba lap bus hem.
That is the game that is stable and that is very interesting and meaningful for the purpose of building tomorrow.
Shillong: Four persons have been killed in a landslide at Dangar in Mawsynram Block, one person from Boro Ryngku and one from Betgora A. The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that the search operation is ongoing.
When asked whether the fishing in these ponds will be a job, Bah Hek denied that the fishing is a job.
The MPWU employees have protested against the signing of the contract agreement by MeECL without consulting them in the past months and have staged several protests demanding its cancellation. and full time employees should be appointed as the employees are over 10 years old.
When inquired from the political leaders in Sohra on the current political situation, it was understood that the contest in 2018 will be very difficult for the incumbent MLA of Sohra.
In Assam, Jorhat will be under curfew from 7 pm today until 15th November
England allrounder Moeen Ali, who has announced his retirement from Test cricket in November 2021, has expressed his desire to play. He has chosen to return to the team's headquarters for his request to be allowed to join the team once again in the Ashes matches starting on the 16th. moon.
Regarding the fare, the DTO office has not yet resolved the issue, but has relied on the understanding between the drivers and the public.
The decision was taken by the AICC in Delhi in the presence of the party's leaders in charge of Meghalaya.
Mumbai Knights replaced Alexandra with Namrata Thakur at the beginning of the second half and Namrata replaced Janhavi Shetty in the 90th minute. .
The Secretary of the Executive Committee of KHADC, Shillong, informed that the Sordar Shnongs and residents of the Hima will be held at the conference hall of EE PHE Mairang. Eastern West Khasi Hills.
I hope you will be quick and dedicated for the sake of the nation. We need such MLAs who are stupid. Why are we stupid Bhoi or until you can accuse us of going to Bhoi? bad votes.
In the evening, there will be well-known bands such as Thunder Kids and Snowwhite.
“As the father of the constituency, I wanted to relocate them to one place because it was unhealthy and too crowded, and I commend the government for planning to relocate, but The question is why we have to give more land, because if they are only SMB employees it is enough to relocate them but if they belong to other departments why not keep them in the quarters of the Government,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. .
Daniel said, “And from the time that the burnt offering shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days” (Daniel 12:11).
Real Kashmir, who will play against Lajong, are third with 17 points from nine games and 10 points ahead of Lajong.
She also spoke about what happened to Bah LG Nongsiej in the mid-term MLA elections in Nongstoiñ after the death of Maieit Hoping. U Bah LG has worked hard to win the party in this election, we went with him to campaign for the party candidate, but the President went to the market to say that He preached against the party, he was expelled from the party for this reason which has no basis at all,” said Bada.
“The plane they were on crashed in my house and I buried them all”.
If it were in other states, the government would have been able to improve the quality of education by taking the most difficult measures.
You may be the least of the least, the weakest of the weak, the ugliest of the many, and the strongest of the strong.
He said that there are many villages inhabited by Garo people within the boundary of KHADC and other ethnic groups like Hajong, Banais and Koch and added that in these villages there are no Khasi residents. .
“This Government has introduced many programs for the villagers, the poor, farmers, sportsmen, youth and others and we have strong hope in Conrad K Sangma who is young and talented. ," he said.
Hambert Ranee, Vice President Bernadine Lyngkot and Ardy Dominic Malngiang, have been re-elected as President and Macbell Lyngdoh, Asst.General. Secretary Samla Paila Kharshong, Treasurer Bah Sylvester Lyngkot, Sports Secretary Bah Banteilang Kharnaior, Asst.Sports Secretary Bah Andy Lyngdoh Nongpyiur and Bah Andy Carlos Lyngdoh Maw phlang, Publicity Secretary Samla Shngainborlang Warlarpih, Asstry Marwe. Yoni Phawa Convener Education Secretary Samla Mighty George L.Nongkynrih, Asst.Education Secretary Samla Aphidalis Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Samla Daphira Warjri, Samla Daphirisa Warjri, Social Welfare Secretary, Bah Lambert Warlaitthma Asst.Social Welfare, Samk Docuvinia Ricunia Secretary Samla Nathaniel Diengdon.
Thombor said that in order to improve the budget of the JHADC, the EC has decided to urge the State Government to share equally the revenue collection from mineral resources which is 50 percent. percent.
Therefore, the production has been very high.
It had to be rebuilt because all the mountains in Jerusalem were shattered by a great earthquake during those 1290 days with the battle of Armageddon and when he poured out the seventh bowl of wrath ( 7) Revelation 15:1; 16:1-21.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : More than 700 students from various schools in West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills have taken part in the APEX program which was launched by AVENUES, Shillong.
They also announced that until the ILP is obtained, the protest will not stop and the people should stand in order.
So far, 215 cases have been confirmed in the state and 45 people have recovered.
On 10.9.1971 another meeting was held between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, the union has demanded that the state government should make Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District the summer capital so that development works can be improved in many areas.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai won the Under-17 category while HK Sing Memorial Secondary School won the Under-14 Boys category. Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
In addition, the Nominated Directors of the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs who are on the Boards of Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) regularly monitor the progress of works in the cities.
Police have registered a case and will take the necessary action according to the law.
You come for 1 minute and you go for 1 hour.
The Minister said that the unit, which is run by the Rongara Agro Food Processing Cooperative Society, is owned by the villagers.
However, after the meeting of all political parties, a special session of the Legislative Assembly should be convened immediately,” said Bah Thomas.
In the second innings, New Zealand scored 283 runs for the loss of one wicket in 36.2 overs.
On the other hand, Dr Syngkon said; “We cannot understand how the government which should provide services to the people through various departments can now promote private business instead of the people to whom it should provide services.
At present, the Agriculture Colleges fall under the jurisdiction of CAU Imphal in Manipur and it can be witnessed that those who get classes and jobs are from Manipur which is a great loss to the students of the state as well as the farmers.
But what the children of Israel could do and did to the Gibeonites was this- “...We have sworn unto them by the LORD...therefore we cannot touch them now.
On the construction of the new SDO office, he said that this office will provide adequate services to the people as the government has set a target to bring various development works from this office to all the blocks.
For those who don't have the opportunity, they have to hun,” said Thei while cutting the water melon.
“The DGP of Chhattisgarh has sent a letter to the NIA demanding an inquiry into the killings of three BJP leaders in just 10 days,” the statement said. sent to the press.
The meeting was concluded with a prayer service held at the Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club, Jingthymmai, Shillong on the 21st of November.
On this occasion, former MLA Bah JA Lyngdoh said that the statement from one of the Ministers in the MDA government that the NPP has offered T.5 crore to join the MDA government if not Why didn't you send forgiveness?
He has decided to hand over the post of president to other party leaders”.
Other speakers included Bah I.Lawrynñiang, MCS, BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, D.Sohtun, MJS, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District and others.
Children sometimes slow down and enjoy reading when no one is watching or watching them when they read online.
Speaking on the occasion, the family demanded that the government should give a fair trial for the shooting death of Bah Roning.
“It is the first time in the state to do this,” he said.
“Everyone was happy with the performance of the players and gave their support for us.
Thilda Mary Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the sister-in-law of Bah Marshallha, said that as the relatives, they don't have any hope that he will survive. The SDRF team will continue to search for his body until it is found so that they will not be in trouble.
According to Pala, the rules are strict and if there are even a few mistakes, they will be punished.
However, for the safety of the people, this time has been extended especially to those areas where it is needed.
During the meeting, the DC promised to fulfill their demand for development schemes of the government.
Pynhiam Kharkongor, Advisor LSAYA gave a brief speech on the objectives and purpose of the program while L.Dauni Laloo, Secretary Rokustica gave a brief speech on the objectives of the programme. he gave them a greeting.
The court also ordered that the years Gond has already served in prison will be counted from the 25 years.
Prof Badaplin War is one of the Khasi Profs who has contributed greatly to the writing of Khasi literature and textbooks including, Snap of Analysis (Co-author), In Our Days (Co Shillong: H.W.Sten 1994, Shillong: The most important creatures in the ancient days of Hynniewtrep.
Therefore, as the leader of the organization, which promotes the talents of the youth, he appeals to the state government through the sports department to consider or create opportunities for ministers through the government's assistance. “If there is any assistance from the government, many youngsters will be encouraged and will be able to focus on their talents,” he added.
“As the party we have held 12-13 meetings to discuss and give our opinion on the Reservation Policy which has not been reviewed for 51 years and the party has also taken the opinion of experts. , in relation to the development of the ban, which shall not affect any of the ethnic groups in the state"
There have been 10 deaths and 387 new cases of COVID-19 on Monday.
Of the Scheduled Tribes, 25,955 candidates passed, 12,502 or 48.17 percent.
He added that Young Minds is still working with the Union of Youth Organizations of Raid Ïapngar and also with the Raid, as there are still many things that we still have to do for the better. The most important thing is to have the cooperation of all sides, he added.
The bags containing the sugar were handed over to the Police for further investigation.
We have hundreds of schools and therefore we need thousands of teachers but there are only a few B.Ed training centres.
He said, “Go to the people with humility, remember that when you go to the people you are not masters but servants whom you have to look after”.
At this meeting, Bah Riquoma Rq.Laloo urged the members of SIM to have a spirit of love for the environment which does not end in one day, but to be an example to others and help those in need in the society.
The Government of Meghalaya, if it makes rules whether to set or accept the share of the Kur in the marriage or the NOC of the KÞi of the two parties before allowing them to register under the Marriage Act of Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Krohiawhiar FC, which met on 19th July 2022, has decided to relocate the Headquarters Office from Mawjrong to today. 01/19/22.
Champion said that the rally was not organized by AHAM but by the committee but as it is for the benefit of the Garo people, AHAM said that the rally was organized by the committee. I will support you even if you are not called anywhere.
Looking at the behavior of the leaders these days, how hopeless it is for the future of the nation because many of the leaders do not work for the benefit of the people, but for the benefit of the people. for personal gain.
Meghalaya was led by Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh and Assam was led by GD Tripathi.
The following are the new office bearers of MUPSTA Chief Adviser Kenneth Shadap Adviser Winding K Marak President Senendro R Marak Working President RR Ronghang Vice President P Khongstid and Kinster Momin General Secretary EG War Joint Secretary Kong Diliancy Lyngdoh Marak Marak B.K Samian Assistant Finance Secretary Markas Sangma Treasurer Kong EL Nongbri Organizing Secretary Donboklang Wahlang Sienki O Lamare and Sattin Sangma Publicity Secretary Pynkhraw Kharumnuid and Hewen A Sangma Niwani Man Shuar and Evilla Auditors.
Or is it a judgment ? or do you have the right to receive it?
Mawkyrwat, July 19: The office of the Deputy Commissioner & District Election Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District will hold a tournament. National Voters Day Run 2023 in Mawkyrwat.
Three mobile phones were also seized from them and a case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of TULBA, Bah Seiborlang L.nonglait, said that mercy is not only during Christmas or special days but as a Christian we cannot look at those who need mercy. .
The village has had a Lawlyngdoh since ancient times and the villagers are forbidden to cut down trees, siej and other items including jyrmi from this forest.
Still, it is said that further research on this is necessary.
The employees of the rural bank started their strike under the banner of the All India Regional Bank Employees Association.
Students from five colleges from West and East Jaintia Hills, 502 students from nine schools and 16 students from nine schools participated in the festival. teachers and 48 invitees including from East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Nidamon said the meeting unanimously agreed to accept the announcement of the government on 13th July 2020 through the Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government, Transport Department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The State Government has decided to introduce the State Literary Award for writers as part of the promotion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the State.
Thyllaw/Mawlongbna, Nailar 22: “I am the Secretary of the Seng Khasi, I don't lie, I don't lie, I speak the truth and the truth”. Mawlong Bna has been able to appear as its chief guest, who will throw his stick in front of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit and also in front of the law enforcement agencies who have come together today. Thyllaw and Mawlongbna, due to the incident on the 12th of July.
Tura, July 19: While the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 is underway, many athletes have been able to showcase their unique talents in the competitions. part of their own.
Nongpoh, March 24: The Karbi Cultural Society, Meghalaya Zone today concluded the 31st Zonal Karbi Youth Festival which started today at the Auditorium Hall of AMKA. Umwang, after Karbi people from all over the state and even from the North East came to take part in the festival.
At the same time, Bah Chyne urged the government to accept the pending bills of the KHADC which have been sent in the past years.
Furthermore, schools and colleges should have a close supervision of the students, as they spend most of their time in schools.
Lafarge, has been demanded to pay for medicines to those who have contracted covid from the village, to provide food items to the residents, to open a Community Isolation Center (CIC) in collaboration with the Shella Dorbar Shnong and Shella PHC and to provide oxygen, testing equipment at Shella PHC and other necessities for testing covid patients.
Those stones to build the house were removed and left empty.
After that, you shall throw away the skum; by covering the outside in the middle and covering the outside with the middle part so that the skum is smooth.
"It's a good idea to welcome the people of Mawpat to the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, for getting the Block without thinking," said the people of Mawpat.
He said that the joining of DR.Nonglait to the BJP is a golden opportunity for the people of the state because if she wins as MP from the BJP, she will have a good chance. to speak in Parliament on the issues that the Khasi Jaintia people need whether it is to strengthen the protection of the rights of the people, to strengthen the protection of religious beliefs according to the customs governance of the country and other matters of national concern.
The ability to regain a strong and healthy family will greatly contribute to the development of the country and the nation.
There were about 30 men and 20 women.
How to ensure adequate income for tens of millions of households? How to create jobs for these youths who have returned and for the youths who have been unemployed for a long time?
“On Tuesday, the BJP released its Manifesto for Meghalaya ahead of the elections with a promise to fight hard to resolve the issues of the people living on the border of Assam and Meghalaya through dialogue. to implement the 7th Pay Commission in Meghalaya, to increase the payment of pensions to the elderly, to introduce a scheme for the youth and to set up a State Task Force to curb mining. -legislation and to promote scientific mining in Meghalaya.
The Director of Tourism, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh personally inspected the beautification and improvement project around Nartiang Shakti Peeth for the benefit of the pilgrims on Thursday.
Referring to the health sector, Chauhan said that the signs of the government health centers have shown improvement in the quality of health care in the past few years.
Sangma congratulated Alan S. Marbaniang, who came sixth in the 90kg Senior Men category.
Shaintre Siangshai was also elected as the treasurer of the village along with 11 Executive Members.
The residents of the church are Pnars and Bah Pohsnem, while telling Rupang, said that through the power of the preaching service, which they started in June 2013, they have been able to There were many who didn't go to church, they went to church regularly and then those who drank alcohol, they stopped drinking alcohol and now they went to church and he said that there are hundreds of people who started again. to go to church these days.
This is a great work and a living example because they do not forget the good teachings they have received from the teachers of the school, but instead they continue to develop a spirit of gratitude and humility.
He said that the Union has been silent in the past months because they are waiting for the decision of the Supreme Court of the country, which they expect to happen on the 2nd of this month. July 2013 to clarify the powers and authority of the rulers in the state including the Rangbah Shnongs.
On the other hand, the BJP wants to stand for its own party.
On the other hand, Dr in-charge of PHC Dr.S.Nartiang explained to the residents regarding child marriage. it will affect the health and society.
Jaylynn R Marak (11 not out) and Janicka R Marak (11) scored the most runs for the team, while NGH's Jessica Marak (1/14) and Chigame scored the most runs. Marak (1/18) for the loss of wickets.
Do you allow God to guide your life, or do you rely on yourself? Brothers and sisters, there is a time when you say, who will open the way for me? When did God open the door? The answer is, WAIT FOR HIS TIME. Furthermore, when God opens, no one can stop what God purposes to accomplish in our lives and when God hath shut it, and no man can open it.
“There is no evidence to support anyone who refuses to join the party,” he said.
East Khasi Hills, the worst affected area, has only two cases and one of them is undergoing treatment in hospital.
Nongbri Brothers' FT had more attempts than Se-la-jong FT, but many other attempts were missed. The ball didn't go into the goal.
Pankaj Roy scored 45 runs from 41 balls, Johnward 29 runs from 17 balls. Robin Chettri and Rakesh Thankur took two wickets each.
Like oxygen, it is colourless, tasteless and odourless.
Budapest: Tomas Holes and Patrik Schick scored 10 goals each in the second half of the Euro Cup to help the Czech Republic beat the Netherlands 2-0 there are only 10 players.
“We will continue to ensure that the ownership of land remains with the private sector but the government needs to look after it,” he said.
On the occasion, various ASHA groups, ASHA leaders in the state including Mira June Myrsing, President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, Theresia Lyngdoh, President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, Ri-Bhoi District ASHA Association, Tildakara Wardkhar President Umsning Unit and other dignitaries who came to support the event, including the poor ASHA women, and some who brought along their children. The rally was held from NSCA Pahamsyiem Square to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District.
The selection of these children came after they showed their skills in the selection program organized by the Ryntih Football Club and the Max Sports Academy at Assam Rifles, Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah Thomas also spoke on the implementation of the Reservation Policy by the State Government in the Economic Reservation.
After this, it will continue to expand its cooperation abroad,” he said.
Shillong, March 2: Drivers who have passed the DSC have complained about the refusal of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to meet them and say anything on the letter they sent to him regarding the appointment. Driver jobs in East Khasi Hills District.
So far, the total amount of money and other items seized has reached T.
JOWAI: Heavy rain and strong winds have destroyed many villages in two districts of Jaintia Hills on Sunday.
It is worth mentioning that the kwai and tympew of Ryngud village is one of the most important commodities and it is also the main source of income for the village but this year all the villages have suffered. The loss is excessive because the kwai supari is expensive and does not have a market.
• Value Added Tax (VAT) must be paid within 30 days, not within 100 days.
According to sources, the raid will continue on the 10th of November, 2023 at three coal burning factories.
Meanwhile, the final match of Group-D and Group-C was played on Tuesday, where Chipakkore beat Wa'sa FC 9-2 Mawten beat Lumdiengngan 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
And now I will give you more details.
Like a thief in the night, Jesus Tre ki Tre, don't be afraid of anyone while you're still alive, people say you're a soul of sorrow, when the time comes, you don't have a way. de u khyruiñ cha dien ne chakhmat ne cha chruh... There is no preparation for us to meet Jesus Christ and to be saved by receiving the Son of Jesus Christ.
The Government has also announced that there will be many famous musicians from abroad as well as many famous musicians from the state.
meters of land and T.20 lakh for each unit.
“I am looking for the skills of the Khasi-Pnar children...and I cannot find anything more than the sword and the ryntieh in his hands.
The pre quarter final for the Under 17 girls category today will be between Jaintia Higher Secondary School vs Kiang Nangbah Government Higher School, Police Public Secondary School vs Achievers Secondary School, Police Public Secondary School vs Achievers Secondary School, Ummulong Presbyterian High School vs Jowai Government UP & RMSA School, North Liberty High School vs Lumpyrtuh Secondary School, Marian Hills Higher Secondary School vs Laishnong Higher Secondary School and the final match will be between Government Boys Higher Secondary School against HK Singh Memorial Secondary School.
Under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police, Imphal West District – S Ibomcha, Singjamei Police have arrested six drug users near Little Rose School. , Imphal on Tuesday night.
The decision to resume the blackout hours for the third time has angered the leaders of the state, where one of such leaders of Jaintia Hills, OR Challam, They have come forward to strongly criticize the government, their leaders in the Legislative Assembly and also the civil society organizations that exist and operate in the country.
Therefore, with one mind, they decided to take or shorten some of the words or verses of the song as they are more interesting and meaningful so that they will be like the words of the patriotic song. .
According to the findings of the union, this family is in dire need of assistance because the father of this family has passed away and the old house where this woman used to live is no longer available, especially During the Lyiur period, she had to stay in the houses of the Kurs and Jaits because she had lost all the water.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93371 out of which 91548 have recovered and 1573 have died.
At the meeting, it was said that the Sengbhalang had discussed thoroughly regarding the equipment of the MCH Hospital at Civil Rim which the government has moved to Mawkyrwat.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station against the owner of the video. channel after publishing the image of Bah BB Makdoh although without revealing his name which has also affected the image and longryngieng of the village leader.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, Bah Myghter Marwein, said that the decision not to allow people to enter Nongjri until 2nd July 2020, is to prevent the spread of the disease. The number of cases of COVID-19 in the state has increased.
When she had finished drinking and eating, Sandra left and stayed a little longer than before.
The purpose of the Labor License inspection by these union leaders is to find out the truth whether these foreign workers have complied with the rules and regulations.
The coronavirus has risen rapidly in Central America, with 1,36,000 new cases worldwide on Sunday. and South Asia.
Abhishek Bhagotia will also hold the posts of Commissioner of Taxes, Commissioner Excise and Secretary, Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamp Department.
Heavy to heavy rain is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
He said it was the Government of Atal Bihari Vajpayee which brought in a special department for the tribals and which has its own share in the budget.
“Even in the midst of many meetings and discussions, the difficult task is still pending.
The Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice TNK Singh said that until the state government has enacted a law on Rangbah Shnongs, the decision of Justice SR Sen issued on 10th November , 2014 shall apply to the state.
Former Minister ECB Bamon has filed his nomination papers as the NCP candidate from Mowkaiaw constituency while Capilstone Shylla has filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate from Nartiang constituency.
Shillong: There are 33 houses and places in Shillong which have been declared as containment areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday warned the people of Meghalaya to be vigilant against the BJP and not to be deceived by the propaganda of the BJP. Speaking to reporters in Shillong, AICC Northeast Media Coordinator Matthew Anthony said that the Congress has seen the injustices of the BJP-led NDA government since which has led to the increase in the price of food and beverages, the injustice of the Schedule Caste, Schedule Tribe and other backward communities.
It is to be recalled that from time to time the union has lodged complaints with the officers of the labor department to inspect and ensure that the foreign workers have the necessary documents. necessary, but we witness that this never gets anywhere and ends up on the desks and files of these Offices.
She said that during the lockdown, Marwari shops were allowed to open while those who sold goods in the market were evicted from their places of residence.
The President of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association was also present on the occasion.
The vehicle was seized at the police residential quarters at the Police Training School (PTS) Umran.
In 2016, Bachchan first announced that he had TB and was diagnosed with TB when he launched the Kaun Banega Crorepati program in 2000.
“You see that Ratacherra, Assam, has recognized it, it has considered it as part of Assam.
“This is still low when we count the rainfall in the State in the past 10 years,” said the Chief Secretary.
The children's home at Tetengkol will be run by the Women's Economic Development Society (WEDS), a NGO affiliated with the Church in collaboration with the state government.
The leaders also made it clear that from now on, if there are any vacancies in Mawshynrut, it should be announced publicly and to allocate vacant posts for the disabled.
To park improperly on government roads, others cannot walk,
On the 19th of this month, Sengkam N.Sangma has lodged a complaint that on the 19th, unidentified robbers have stolen his motorcycle (ML-08D-5938) from Lad Don. Bosco, Tura (WGH).
“We expect that this money will be used for various development projects in the year 2017-18,” said the EM of JHADC. The Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima has sent the Deputy Syiem, Bah KM Syiemlieh and three Ministers, Bah BL Nongbri, Bah L Basaiawmoit and Bah BL Nongum to inspect the border of the Hima. on the border with the state in Assam, because there has been an influx of people from the state by farming within the border of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
He also says that because they’ve been here for about 200 years, it also makes them old-fashioned and longtime residents.
Nazar Mohammad, who works as a policeman in Shah Wali Kot district, has been cut off from his neck and tied to a tree.
It may be recalled that the incident happened during the night curfew of the civil society.
There have been many such incidents in which the Supreme Court has also stood on the basis of the law, not to allow anyone to smuggle here and there for their secret purposes, in order to clean up the crimes and beh tyngka by the leaders.
The residents of Shangpung Koira Village have gathered from their homes to welcome the Kickboxer in the presence of PA Dalloi of Shangpung Koira Elaka Chanki Langbang as the Chief Guest. Ma Witting Born Langstang, members of the office bearers of Shangpung Koira Village, residents of Shangpung Koira Dorbar Shnong, Parents, Elders, Youth, Children, Relatives of Hame, Parlaok Hame has won the World Cup which is also a tribute to the village, the family and West Jaintia. Hills District, the State of Meghalaya, India and also our nation.
Today, 60,916 cases have been reported and 26,467 people are in hospitals.
The CoRP has expressed its concern and surprise that the Syiem's ​​Office does not know even after four years of patrolling and spending tens of lakhs of rupees. he was lost.
Balanstar Taro (14') scored the first goal for Jyntru, but Johnplayson Lyngdoh (15') managed to convert. .
KSU East Jaintia Hills District Publicity Secretary Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem and Education Secretary Emmon Chyrmang urged the education department of the district to conduct the interview in a clean manner. The Education Cell of Rymbai Government Secondary School urges those who apply for these posts at Rymbai Government Secondary School to apply as soon as possible and also to choose to go through the post. the path that is straight and clean.
When it is not enough to say that there is a leader, it is as if there is nothing.
“To say that we will bring this or that is not right,” said Prestone.
He said that all the traditional stories about the moon will now change and that these stories will now have a new meaning.
Soolangki Laloo June 28, 2020 There are many reasons why you shouldn't buy these products.
The Raid Nongbri, once again, wanted to take over the land of Lyngdoh Pale, and because the battle in ancient times was not by killing, but by deciding victory and victory, they There was a competition for the people of Lyngdoh Pale and the people of Nongbri to catch up to 12 tharo or khoh before sunrise.
Samhaka Dkhar, Vice President Miss.
At the same time, he said that so far no MLA has wanted to join the Congress.
It would be better, therefore, for the government authorities to arrange these activities on these grounds, not to act in ways that encourage foreigners to enter and leave at will, especially if they are invited by the government authorities.
FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit President Nestor Nongkseh said that this road connects many villages in Lai Lyngdoh area and South West Khasi Hills which use it every day.
They build on the Word of God; They teach their children How to pray.
Shillong: The IBSWO has strongly opposed the construction of a 132/33 Kv power grid in Mynkre village in East Jaintia Hills.
The rescue operation in Uttarkhand is the first time for helicopters to fly for many hours, the Army said.
At the same time, the JAC will also discuss the lack of work of the JAC leaders, the two parties as well as the people especially the truck owners who have been in the dark about the work of the JAC for more than 10 years.
In the dorbar, he said that another reason why the Daju do not wear the hima uniform is because there are MDCs who have misled the Daju.
Will these parties confirm to work together again under the MDA-II flag or will they form one group?
Sohra, November 05: Former MDC of Sohra, Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, today announced that he has left the Congress party.
The union also congratulated the DC for cooperating with the union in any activities and also congratulated the Jowai Municipal Board and Jowai MLA Wailadmiki for taking the initiative to provide the authorities to dispose of the garbage. pyut which were distributed around the villages in Jowai.
"It is also believed that Shakira knew before they ran away about Pique's character and it is for this reason that she inserted the lyrics, "to give him or “that he should give her time, not that he should forget her”.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the Young Minds said, “One example we want to give at this time is that if there are such fires in our villages, our neighbours, from the On the part of us, the neighboring villagers, we have to provide shelter for them, to avoid any danger of injury as well as from the natural disasters.
He also promised that the Government will bring back all the youths who are still stranded in Manipur within 48-72 hours.
“That the decision of the people of the state is to suspend the party that led the former government.
In this shop there was a Kong Lieh who was young and beautiful.
From now on, the party will continue to monitor such Dhabas which run Awria activities.
The Damalgre C&RD Block will cover 149 villages which formerly fell under Betasing.
Robbers suspected to be members of the Kuki Independent Army (KIA/KIO) on the 9th of this month raided and stole their firearms. armed groups who are still between the social ceasefire and the Manipur government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Western Border Area Circle, North Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Bah Recieved Pator and members of the Union of North Khasi Hills on Tuesday found that The mines inside Jirang on the border with Assam are benami, which were employed by the Dkhars from Assam in the name of the Khasi to market the stone and soil to Assam.
The ongoing fighting between Israel and Palestinian Hamas has claimed the lives of more than 10,000 people and injured more than 2,000 others.
JOWAI: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Eastern Region (HNYF) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, CP Gotmare IAS to explain how the toll gate in Ialong has been installed. You have passed the BOT Policy.
The CORP has urged the state government to send an investigation into the case by the CBI authorities in order to reveal whether there is any corruption in the case. Umroi Flight Card.
He urged all those involved in the hospital to encourage those who have been trained in this field from all over the states to work in this famous place in the country.
Ronalstone Syiem, resident of Upper New Nongstoin WKHD, has passed away at the age of 37. He is survived by his wife, Ba-ailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and a son. Lathan Lyngdoh 4 years old.
Furthermore, it will also be an opportunity for the Government and the private sector to demonstrate their commitment to promote women entrepreneurs in the North East and to create more open environments. in your own judgment.
Regarding the implementation of the report from the 12 areas under the jurisdiction of the Corporation, he said that the Civic Body has also worked together to ensure that many parks, Malls, once-a-week markets, training centers and restaurants are places free from SUP. The Civic Body has almost released the once-a-week markets from the use of plastic.
