God – “Trekirot” speaks to King Lakriah, the leader of the Ñiaw Wasa, saying – “From now on, I can no longer meet you, Ñiaw Wasa – and before we separate, give me your words. , what wilt thou give me on the Sabbath day?"
All the youths who came to take part in this competition were urged to remember to follow the rules of the government to follow the rules of COVID-1
Ma Phyllut said that this shows that even the Presiding Officer has a hand in the proxy, because according to the information received, there are voters who have cast their votes 6-7 times. the same person, only because of the negligence of the Presiding Officer in his duties.
Khliehriat, July 19: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of July in Khliehriat.
The polling was conducted in a smooth manner from 7:00 pm to 2:15 pm.
Their faith and knowledge is no longer available in society.
Speeches were delivered by Milian Ryngkhlem Vice President of the Congress Party and Working President of the Congress Party Ma Pywell Shylla.
There are currently 1.1 million cases in the country and 52,645 deaths.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Don Bosco Past Pupils' Association (DBPPAS) Shillong has organized a training program for the poor, disadvantaged, school and college graduates and unemployed youth. On the 10th and 11th of July, about 200 people took part in these trainings, which were held at Don Bosco Technical School and St. Anthony's Junior School.
Dignitaries who attended the ceremony included the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Speaker Thomas A Sangma, Tura MP Agatha Sangma, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak, CM's Mother. besides the Heads of State and District Officers.
Badon came first in the Goal India Limited Guwahati Half Marathon, leading the Meghalaya Police in 39 minutes, 42 seconds in the 10 km race.
Besides the cruelty of mankind, and besides the delay in reviving these rivers – how much longer will these rivers be neglected? Why doesn't the State Government immediately conduct talks with the Central Government to implement the T.42.39 crore budget? Why didn't you get that T.42.39 crore? It’s not an incredibly large amount of money that will consume time and energy to acquire.
If the streams are affected, the Malidor River will also be affected and all living things will die and disappear from the river and the streams in the area.
Prevents cancer:- According to a recent study, the compound resveratrol found in grapes prevents the growth and spread of cancer in the body.
All 92 games will reportedly be released in the next few months.
We have also suggested how to strengthen the powers of the Inner Line Permit in the MRSSA by introducing the following provisions: We have also suggested how to avoid the impact on tourists, transit passengers and the economic development of the state. .
“When we are together in the same state, there should be no ethnic differences, but to respect each other through the best means at this time,” said Dr. Mawthoh.
Shillong: There have been 420 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today.
If this is true, it is understood that the UDA (United Democratic Alliance), a synrop group of independent MDCs in the KHADC, will collapse in the next few days.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat invites applications for two posts of LDA cum typist and one post of Peon.
said the UDP candidate for the election against Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang.
“4.
Kumar Sewa took 2 wickets and Thangkan took 1 wicket for MLP. In the second innings, MLP reached the target by scoring 223 runs for the loss of 6 wickets. in 39.2 overs.
The incident happened at a coal market known as Nongjri near Sakhain village in Sutnga area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
Thus, the government has taken education to another level.
The BJP has also said that it is better for the Congress to believe that they are outside the MDA II. to turn away from it and to win the love and respect that the Prime Minister of the country has received from the countries of the world.
He said that the RTI reply has shown that the winners of the auction for the purchase of coal across Meghalaya are those involved with the Government to steal with the blessing of the Government. the world's leader.
Therefore, the residents urge the law enforcement officers who drive vehicles not to just watch those who violate the driving rules of India.
Shillong, March 20: U Wallambok Lyngdoh-Marshillong, a prominent mountaineer in the state, has been homeless for three months after he went to complete his mountaineering training in Jharkhand. , who has been training with the army departments and has just returned home two days ago.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has also taken steps to provide accommodation for tourists and one of these steps is to open the Crowborough Hotel in Shillong. , which has not been completed for many years, but now the government has been able to complete it and it will be opened on the 7th of November this year.
Lyngdoh said he will not contest the election in order to allow the KSU candidate, former General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa, from this constituency.
They don't care even if the poor people die when the price of goods rises.
“It is very sad to hear these words from my people,” said Bah Chyne.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced the release of compensation to the victims of the 2012 and 2013 floods in Mawsynram, Mawphlang, Pynursla and Mawkynrew Block. .
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Aizawl FC on Tuesday at the JN Stadium, Shillong at 5 pm.
The organization invites all the children of Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum who wish to take part in this competition to showcase their traditional skills and traditional songs. schedule.
The second is the bill.
When inquired, many of the residents of the constituency said that they believe that the contest for the mid-term MDC elections will be between these two candidates.
At a meeting in Bharatpur today, Bhagwat said he approved of the good deeds of Mother Teresa, but criticized that these good deeds were for one purpose only. to convert people to Christianity.
After a long demand for an ambulance for the Nongtalang CHC, which was demanded by the civil society and village leaders of War Jaintia, the Nongtalang CHC has received an ambulance today.
The MCPC, besides these leaders, also elected 28 executive members and decided to introduce more executive members in the coming days. The Committee has also requested all the Primary Units in different villages in Mawhati Constituency to continue to join the MCPC. There will be a day when the MCPC leaders will gather the people to announce whether they will support or cooperate with the candidates. This Election 2023, so that they can get that MLA who can really improve the Constituency and in all aspects.
On the performance of the financial authorities, Bah Ryntathiang gave the example of Mawlai constituency by saying that although the financial performance is terrible, on the day of voting “the people gave soh who knows...I know everything"
By struggling with actions, it is not enough to stay in the shouting.
The DC today has introduced Odd and Even Numbers for commercial vehicles including four buses, maxi four from Kashari, Khyndailad and Motphran to reduce traffic jam in the city.
Five persons were killed and injured in the electrical shock at Manikganj village in North Garo Hills. They were killed and injured when a dewbilat cleaning machine collided. The five deceased were identified as Janoludin (35), Sanmia (36), Asraf Ali (35), Sanwar Rehman. Depan Rabha, 33, of Merarchor village, Bongaigaon, Assam and Depan Rabha, 33, of Chotomiapara village.
On the other hand, these groups expressed their deep sorrow over the incident and requested the police to take action to conduct an investigation and arrest the people involved in the incident.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the vote of condolence will work well for the UDP candidate in Sohiong after the sudden death of the candidate. Bah HDR Priest.
Finally, there should be a discussion to resolve and promote mutual understanding and to remove misunderstandings.
The Prime Minister said that at this critical time, it is important for these pharmacies to work morning and evening and to ensure that there is no shortage of staff in the pharmacies.
Nine people, including doctors, have tested positive for coronavirus at NDMC Hospital today. Three doctors from Hindu Rao Hospital and one doctor from Kasturba Hospital have tested positive for the virus. COVID-19.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia has announced that it will introduce yoga in all schools in the country to help build the mental and physical strength of students.
In fact, Kolkata was one of the strongest teams in the tournament but the skill of Lamare's players has defeated them.
The ceremony was conducted by the Organizing Secretary of the HYC Seng Kmie, Samla Rangbah John Lyngdoh.
Having a child is like a curse for a woman especially if her husband leaves her halfway.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has given 10 days for the registration of candidates in the state which will end on 7th June 2023 and from Ri Bhoi District candidates who have completed their nomination papers. About 10 candidates including candidates from different parties have attended the filing ceremony.
“Until now, this has not reached anywhere, and the reason is because of the actions of the politicians for five years,” said Bah Pasi.
The incident happened at 1.00 pm this morning.
Out of the four Ministerial posts in the MDA-I government, only two have been given in the MDA-II government and if they continue to support in 2028, the NPP will zero them.
Tourist taxis cannot be banned under Para 4 of the All India Tourist Vehicle Permit, he added.
The unemployment rate in the State is also due to the fact that the State is a small State and does not have employment factories like other States where young job seekers are more likely to work in companies because of the salary. big though they have to work hard.
“Regarding the issues which the Director has not yet approved, the HYC will send a letter to the Union Ministry,” he said.
The match started at 2 pm and was played between Mylliem Lum SC and Nongmensong SC, in which Mylliem Lum SC won by 2 goals.
He said that the water supply at the PHC is not adequate which is one of the priority needs, and also the overcrowding of the pharmacy which needs to be improved where the DMHO has promised to take action and as well as to inform the government.
Panah was not happy because he did not obey.
Other venues are in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, Motphran, Laitumkhrah and GolfLinks.
“This money will be used to pay the salaries of the council employees for three months including July, June and April,” said CEM Thombor Shiwat.
Then she looked at her daughter and said.
The registration of the participants will be held on the same day at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 6:00 pm.
Shillong: U Vikash Gupta, Ward Commissioner of Shillong Cantonment Board, has been arrested by the police on charges of attempting to rape an 18-year-old girl.
New Delhi, July 06: The Supreme Court of India today suspended the order of the High Court of Meghalaya on the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border issue.
In Rajasthan, out of 199 seats, the BJP won 115 out of 73 seats from the Congress. in 2018.
The ESIC, North East Region (ESIC) provides benefits to 3.32 lakh Insured Persons (IPs) and 12.88 lakh beneficiaries across the 7 States of the North East Region (NER) through the implementation of two hospitals, three DCBOs, 38 dispensaries and 20 branch offices.
Good deeds and evil deeds; If the mind of the world is weak, You will end up in trouble.
The winners were not paid any prize money for the cows, but the owners were given a travel fee as a sign to encourage the farmers to raise cows, said the Rangbah Shnong.
Various athletes were also honoured.
Other European countries, which have begun to erect signs, include Latvia and Estonia, because these countries do not want to allow Russian troops to enter and leave. shalan ready to fight this Ri.
On the other hand, the BJP candidate said that the state has gone for 50 years without a legislator except Martin Majaw who passed a law ban ban foreigners from buying land.
Well, I'll get a word from my mother.
I want the village to appear in the newspapers that it has improved and has good peace.
“During our visit yesterday, we found that some market dwellers who are not from the Khasi community have been selling along the road without proper documents,” he said.
The first group of policemen consists of those policemen who bomb the crowd, the male policemen who touch and bomb women, the policemen who have 50-60 policemen standing with weapons such as tears. Gas and guns to protect foreign factories and also a police force ordered by the foreign officials of Topcem to bomb the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, July 10: The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A.Sangma, on Tuesday warned that the Government will take strong action against those involved in the inheritance of teaching jobs. Government Lower Primary Schools are not available in the state.
Ye have made void the commandment of God by your tradition" Matthew 15:3-6
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (ANITA) today submitted a petition to the Chief Executive Member of Jaintia Hills District, Jaintia Hills District. The Hills Autonomous District Council (HDCC) has received a complaint from the residents of East Jaintia Hills District that a new cement company known as MegaBond Cement has come to prepare for the construction of a factory at Wahiajer village. Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District.
They have worked hard in the work they have done.
Shillong, March 03: The Border Security Force (BSF) of 4 Bn on Tuesday seized clothes worth T.15 lakh which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Jowai: The Special Tourist Day celebration ended on Saturday with the chief guest Kyrmen Shylla promising to spend up to 2 lakh tyngka for the construction of the tourist attractions. toilets in the area for the purpose of cleanliness.
In fact, this Board has stopped functioning since January 2000 but it has been spending public money since 2007-2012 to spend on office work and staff. waste of public money.
“There is a plan in the area where the electricity theft is too high, to install wires to reduce the loss,” he added.
“After his promise, we decided to wait until the end of the week for the release of our salaries.
Kahrbani said the party is also fighting hard to get the rights of the farmers and to increase their income and to fight against the increase in the price of commodities which has affected the farmers. the whole country.
Lajong will now prepare for their away leg against TRAU FC on Friday, 25th June at 7 pm at the Kalyani Stadium, Kolkata.
They also alleged that even in the distribution of foodgrains, the leaders are doing politics.
“We have even more office bearers now than in the past, when some old leaders have returned and most excitingly we have new office bearers who love to the party," he said.
Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
The KSU has demanded from the government and the company to provide services so that the people and school children will not be affected during this time of pandemic.
On the other hand, of the 4,47,985 persons who have tested for COVID-19 in the state as on date, 4,32,199 were tested negative for the virus even as 230 persons are in institutional quarantine and 1,014 under home quarantine.
This has also been taken into consideration by the Nagaland Lokayukta.
Shillong, November 15: Jowai Police have registered a case of suo moto on the 12th of this month. At 11:42 pm, police received a phone call from Wanchema Laloo, the inspector of the parking lot at 7 mer, who informed that a new bolero was trying to rob a truck carrying a vehicle. The number plate AS-01GC 7853 was parked near the parking lot.
Meanwhile, Bah Kitboklang Khongwar, Discipline Secretary Mawlai Circle, has decided to leave the KSU due to the lack of confidence in the leaders regarding the ILP protest and the expulsion of Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
It is worth mentioning that in an order of the High Court today, it has ordered that no one should plant mawpud or ruid pud in the square during these days until the hearing.
He scored 126 runs while Yogesh Tiwari (35) and Anish Charak added 35 runs off 20 balls.
For now we will try to remove the bodies of the elders and after that we will think about how to cleanse the synrum.
Two days later, to elect a new CEM on 22.11.2019, the UDF won again, with 14 MDCs less than on
This viewpoint was established by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council last year.
According to the neighbors of the deceased, the children were arrested at 8.30 pm while Emanuel was arrested at 11 pm.
There have also been reports that Mukul Sangma will contest from two constituencies in the 2018 MLA elections, Ampati which he is currently leading and Songsak constituency which he visits frequently these days.
While the NOC for the Byrnihat-Lailad-Shillong railway line is still valid, the Special Impact Assessment (SIA) for the Byrnihat-Lailad-Shillong railway line has been cancelled.
The group also demanded that the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee should punish this person, instead of being the leaders of the poor and speaking against the poor instead of helping them.
They suggested that they should improve the beauty of this place by setting up special places for children and others so that visitors can visit their families and children. more and more of them.
He was speaking at a meeting convened by UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in the presence of MLAs and party leaders.
The competition was held as part of the celebration of the release of the Music Video Mynsiem ka kmen of the film JINGIM which was uploaded on Youtube on Kiki Garod's channel.
The four-day Behdeiñkhlam was led by the President, Bah OR Shallam, General Secretary, Bah Arwotki Sumer and religious leaders from the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Bah Puramon Kynjing, the head of the religion, Sangot, Langdoh, and others who are involved in the performance of the religion.
The purpose of Umshit Village to build this water treatment plant is to bring convenience to the residents of the village to use the drinking water and through the presence of this water treatment plant, it will be more convenient for the residents. especially in times of drought.
Therefore, the root cause of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya is also on the interpretation of Para 20(2) of the Sixth Schedule which states, “That the United Khasi Hills District shall include all the areas under the Khasi Hima and Khasi-Jaintia Hills before independence.
In Africa, there are now 1,000 deaths from Covid-19 and out of 54 countries, 52 countries have been infected with the disease and a total of 19,8
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: South Tura MLA John Leslee Sangma on Tuesday alleged that some ministers of the MUA-II government have mislead the House and the people of the state by giving false information on various projects. different in this state.
He said that the Inbal did not wait for these insurgents to enter the house, but they drove away quickly and this prevented the loss of many lives. human soul.
JNV School, Mukhla won the first prize, the second prize went to Govt.
Payments will only be made through the APBS to an account linked to the APBS, which means that it is a safer and more efficient payment method.
Although Umphyrnai SC scored 10 goals, Umphyrnai SC didn't give up and tried to score but Umphyrnai SC were still leading 1-0 at the end of the first half.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has admitted that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has wasted T.4 crore by appointing Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, -Chairman, Deputy Chairman and others, are not useful even the committees do not meet once.
Shri Rahul Gandhi, MP promised to look into all these issues raised in the petition.
“This decision of the BJP leaders in Delhi has shocked not only the NPP leaders and supporters but also the BJP leaders and supporters because it was never expected that this would happen.
Referring to the approval of the Safe Passages, he said that the Safe Passages are a temporary arrangement to implement the peace talks and are different from the demand to drop all cases against the members of the establish.
They also met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Secretary to the State Health Department, Pravin Bakshi to seek permission to hold a Medical Camp in Shillong so that the Poor families will not have to travel to Mumbai for treatment,” said Dr.
In such a disease that strikes once a hundred years, on the one hand, if we count carefully, we here, the problems are not so great, compared to others.
We request the CEM to take action on the peace and order in the area.
Shillong, Lber 27 : The NPP MDC from Mawphlang, who is also the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that there are dozens of villages in his constituency which do not have roads. for many decades now, which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents in times of emergency.
The deadline for submission of entry fees is 5.8.23 to the Hony General Secretary of WJDSAY. Only 32 teams will be accepted. For more information please call This is No.9485432298/9
“Please don't force us to resign, because if 12,541 teachers resign, then the education department in Meghalaya will collapse,” he said.
She said that the Church believes that these teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ are good and help to build a good family, a healthy society and to ensure peace and harmony. and national and international development.
“I don't have time to talk and listen to that leadership protest, I'm always doing my job,” she said.
In the women's 1500m U-18 category, Kyntiewshisha Ramsiej of Nativity Higher SSM came first, Phlessila Jyrwa of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS came second and Daphishisha Lyngdoh of Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang came second. the third rank.
Nongstoiñ, June 19: The Thomas Jones 1 Secondary School, Nongstoiñ, today celebrated its 50th Anniversary since its foundation by the Presbyterian Church of Pyndengrei.
The meeting discussed the appearance of the lower house, the insufficient electricity supply due to the difficulties in installing the transformer, the shortcomings through the Urban Affairs department and others. .
Because the Khasi language from Sohra was used by Thomas Jones and his Khasi teachers Junkha, Doowan Rai and Laithat in writing and publishing books, perhaps there was a feeling of In 1852, the title 'The First Book to Read the Khasi Language' was revised according to the writing of William Pryse.
In terms of mobile services, Mawpon village has a network from Jio Towers at Mawlangriang and Sangriang and from Cell One Towers at Mawnar, Nongpyndeng and Umdohlun.
“The party supports the demand of our MLA AL Hek to allocate 40% for the poor in the field of employment,” said Easternest Mawrie President of the BJP. When asked whether this policy is not only for the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, he said that the RP is a long standing demand of the people and therefore this time it will be included in the BJP Manifesto. “What we are talking about is to allocate shares to the poor because 80% of the residents are still paid farmers and are BPL or poor.
Nongpoh, March 10: Two persons have lost their lives after an electrical sign cut off in the ground floor of a house in Narang village. MeECL, the CoRP today came forward to strongly condemn this incident and also the MeECL department which has been slow and not taking action because this is not the first time.
This is a very strange disease and requires doctors and researchers to find out the cause and diagnose the disease so that they can get it. the medicine is not protected.
The meeting will discuss how to clarify the issues of the party's work and struggle to date.
These things shall come to pass in this very generation; and they shall not pass away.
In the ejahar, he said that the incident has caused hundreds of people to line up at his residence from morning till night and people have also lined up at his office. He said that there has been a misunderstanding among the people.
The funeral service will be held on the 14th of this month at 10 pm and at 11 pm the funeral service will be held at the hill of Nartiang U Dolloi Don. Dkhar served as the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka from 2003 to
Besides, the Minister said that his Government has no intention of acting by force, citing the example of the talks with the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) on the implementation of the CrPC and CPC in the State.
Many of the posts of Chairman were appointed by people who were rejected by the people during the elections, but received higher posts with the support.
God created man directly.
Fish markets in Ïewduh have been closed on July 9 when fish vendors have stopped selling their fish after the state government announced that it will not allow the import and sale of new fish. days after it was found that the fish contained formalin which is poisonous and can affect the health of the public.
Moonbin was born on July 26, 1998 in North Chungcheong, South Korea and joined the band Astro in
Speaking on his constituency in Pynursla, Prestone said he is confident that he will win again.
He said that the Council is implementing a working plan for West Khasi Hills from 2005 to 2010 for the restoration of forests.
The union has been waiting for these demands for about 10 years and unfortunately the bank branch has not yet believed in these demands.
If people believe in the name of Jesus, humble themselves and pray, God will hear from heaven to this earth.
Similarly, drinking water improves other functions such as those related to the kidneys as well as the heart.
Because we are male and female, we are the dust of the earth.
Applicants should be volunteers, skilled in literature and language, in which they have to work together with other organizations from the state, the country and NSWP, UNAIDS and OHCHR, said a statement from Kharmuti, President of the party.
Besides the awards to these teams, the organizers of the tournament also distributed individual prizes, where the Best Player was awarded to Badondor Marbaniang and the Top Scorer was awarded to Badondor Marbaniang. Ricky Makdoh and Shobal Singhkli won the Best Goalkeeper Award.
Meanwhile, former President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has expressed his willingness if the party supports him.
And it is in this way that the truths of the Word of God are gathered together.
The amount of T.20 lakh will have to be deposited in the name of the child within three months after the government has taken measures to ensure that all the money should go to the child without don't spend anything or don't thank this child.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya , Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the MRI unit at Nazareth Hospital Shillong , in his speech , and thanked the hospital and all the staff for their services them in the healthcare sector especially for the lower income population.
The election will be held after the term of office of the MDCs of GHADC has been extended to one year and nine months and the GHADC is now under the rule of the Governor for two months.
Avi Nash tied 35 runs off 105 balls.
He said this Act also has a close relationship with environmental protection.
The KSU Police Station has lodged a complaint against Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD. The Ri Bhoi Police have already registered a case according to the rules of law, therefore the investigation into the incident is ongoing, he added.
Zadeh reportedly ordered Abbasalilo to enter the north of Cyprus, where he would send some people to assist and work with him from the south of Cyprus.
The Waheh Shnong of Sohphoh, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, has expressed his gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission for donating to the poor people at this time when the people are facing difficulties due to the lockdown due to Covid-1
According to the UN report, the number of cases has exceeded 12,000 per day, according to the UN estimates. “Where else are you going...?” he asked. “I won't leave but I'll stay with you.
Speaking on the support of the supporters, they said that one unit of the HSPDP which belongs to the Mawten Primary Unit has said that it is still giving its support to the party. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the supporters of the HSPDP from this unit have joined and intend to follow him to the United Democratic Party (UDP). “It is with the HSPDP to give its full support so that the party can win in 2023,” said Sheckstar Paliar, General Secretary of the HSPDP Mawten Primary Unit.
“98% of the land in the three sectors of West Khasi Hills District will fall to Meghalaya and 2% will go to Assam,” he added.
Thus an intelligent farmer can estimate how much fertilizer to give to the plants according to the condition of the soil and according to the value of the fertilizer from the value of the plants he can get.
He said the KSU has tried to investigate but it is difficult because they come in the name of treatment and there is no restriction on anyone to come for treatment in any state.
Not only that, but those who have birthdays are forbidden to celebrate their birthdays on these days.
Regarding the curfew passes, the DC's office has explained that you can apply online by visiting the website.
Once again, the first regatta, the Northeast Regatta, started at the Umiam Watersports Complex.
The President of Sliang Tourist Spot, Sanchetdiam Pohti, said that they have decided to temporarily close the tourist spot to curb the spread of the disease in the villages.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The meeting of two scholars who have graduated and received the Padma Shri Award has encouraged the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya. Baridua Killing, Ri Bhoi District, because on the other hand, these two students came to join as members of the university in order to continue to improve education and other areas in the field of improvement. education.
In a statement, Pastor RF Kharkrang said that the year 1941 was a year that should not be forgotten on the 22nd July. spouse.
He said that his daughter is not a transgender woman, as people have alleged and spread false rumors, but she is a woman from birth, but she has a physical defect.
Lajong are currently at the bottom of the table and will face Gokulam Kerala FC who are slightly above Lajong on the table with 13 points.
The union, after finding out about this, has ordered the owners and managers to send back these foreigners to their place of origin and after discussion, the owner of the park has left. These foreigners were arrested in Guwahati today.
The Sports Department of NEHU Shillong has announced that the Inter College Badminton/Table Tennis Tournament will start on 18th November and end on 20th November
Regarding the shortcomings at CHC Pynursla, the MLA has already assured that the equipment like Ultrasound, Xray machine and vacuum extraction and other necessary equipment will be provided soon. as well as in relation to the Doctors, he has already agreed to bring more.
In the midst of the pandemic and the disasters that follow, we are brave and courageous to fight against the difficulties because we remember and believe that Christmas is a season of hope and Christmas reminds us of the coming down of righteousness and life in the image and likeness of Jesus Christ.
Shillong: The FKJGP has demanded that the state government should implement the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam as it has done in Assam. Inter-State Migrant Workmen Act, 2011 which is out of date.
Speaking as the chief guest, BD Marak, Superintendent of Police, congratulated Dr. Rihunki Jones Toi and the Rotary Club Jowai for their continued success in doing good deeds for the community. .
The Little Flower Church in Lado Sarai has been destroyed by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation, which was said to have been built on a government garden plot by several people.
UDP leader Allantry F Dkhar has demanded the withdrawal of the BJP from the NPP-led coalition in the state.
We the citizens should send to the Dkhars and the Dkhars should send to the French.
Another supporter of Pius, suggests that this young tree of ours, will grow more and more as the years go by.
The traffic jam in Shillong has been so severe that we have been stuck on the road for hours and instead of getting to work or getting our work done quickly, we have been stuck.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC said that the Autonomous District Councils have demanded from the government to hand over the duties related to the issuance of Schedule Tribe Certificates. , to the three Autonomous District Councils, as has been done in the past.
The union said that this is against the demand of the civil society to implement the inner line permit (ilp).
However, the beginning of the slowness of the Khasi language can be said to be due to the lack of attention from everyone, especially from the scholars who have completed their education in their own language.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA), the Jaintia Hills Clinkers and Cement Association (JHCCA) and the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU) today held a meeting with the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU). The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the refusal of the dewbilat factories to implement the new price set by the State Government.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MPS) Phase III will soon be implemented and a new Phase IV will be implemented along with Ayushman Bharat, Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana and MHIS. the government is preparing this and it will be announced before it is implemented.
However, he said the central government has agreed to release T.267.4 crore as assistance to the three autonomous district councils in the state.
Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh, said that police have not yet received any information about the whereabouts of Kumar. Ampati said police suspected that they were responsible for the attack.
One from Shillong and one from Tura will be elected.
On this occasion, the EM of the Elaka, Bah PN Syiem, who is also the Chairman of FOCUS, the Forum of all ADCs of the North East, said that the present EC will appoint The Forum was held to unite all the ADCs in the Northeast.
In fact, the female bird does not have many eggs, but these species are widespread, especially in Mongolia, China and Russia.
Sushma Thapa- Physio- MCA certified.
Sumar Suting of Sohphoh won the Best Goalkeeper award, Embha Rymbai of Sohphoh won the Best Goalkeeper award and Deciderius Pyrtuh of Nongkhroh won the Top Scorer award. scored 7 goals in this tournament.
He said India's G-20 presidency is a special opportunity for the country, as India has many lessons to share with the world in terms of living close to the environment.
The wealth of the Lyngngam came in the 1960s when the Arab countries demanded the Agar or Agor called the Lyngngam.
These people are servants of the Most High God, who proclaim to you the way of life! She called how many days.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The FKJGP President Joe Marwein today met with the CEM of KHADC Ardent Miller Basaiaw Moit to discuss the issue of many matters of importance.
“Let this cleanliness of your village not end only today but continue at all times and don't let the “Ish” this morning while you are cleaning turn into “shish” in the evening. I don't think you're still gathering to cleanse, but soon when it's over, you'll start cleaning again.
The foodgrains were distributed at a meeting held at Moowamon, Mihmyntdu in the presence of President John Phawa, General Secretary Chandame Sungoh and other office bearers of the party.
This decision came after some of the talented players who played in various leagues have left home after the end of the league season. These clubs can sign these talented players to lead the team in the SPL on loan so that these talented players can showcase their skills so that it can to develop the talent of these children and it will also open the door for the players to be selected for the biggest clubs in the country because through their good performance in the SPL they will also get the opportunity to play. in other major tournaments in the country including the ISL and others including to represent the national team internationally.
He said he would not urge the Government to move the Shillong and Byrni Railway Project to Baghmara and that the Government should connect Baghmara and Guwahati by rail.
And if anyone does such a miracle, the elders and pastors will expel him from the church.
He said the challan fee was T.1736 for 9 metric tonnes and the challan fee was T.
Because it gives birth to dozens of kinds of personal feelings.
According to sources, the Sub Divisional Officer of Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Arpit Upadaya (IAS) said that the cause of the landslide was due to the construction of the road. new Shillong Police.
There are 129 cases.
About T.1 crore will be spent on the marketing of sying, the construction of a sying storage facility for sale to the public and others.
The Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation Department had sought clarification from the state government on 28th October 2016 but the state government has not responded,” she said.
Shillong, July 23: The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday slammed Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, saying his remarks are full of slander and demanded that he should prove the allegations. at his public meeting in Nongpoh on Tuesday 22nd July
In the pre quarter final, Lutituber Ialong beat 7 Wasa 4-1
It is shocking for the TMC leaders or anyone else to say that they will form a new government.
This has produced many famous and influential leaders.
“We will sit with the MLAs from all the zones and explain to them, we have this goal to strengthen the health sector but we also need to do everything accordingly,” he said. Mrs. Apparen.
Under his leadership, Lajong have won the Shillong Premier League three times in a row from 2014 to 2016 and he has produced some outstanding players from the club in the past years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Prayer Church Transformation Initiative (MPCTI) Shillong, today congratulated the Police, K9 and CID teams. has issued a statement of appeal to the residents of Manipur.
Therefore, light is necessary whether it is small or large, light then light no matter what.
“The PP leader could not attend the meeting due to personal reasons.
Assam Police on the 11th of this month forcibly stopped an Eri Worm construction through the Sericulture Department of the Meghalaya Government which has been acquired by Madan Umwang Village.
Mr.Daniel Marweiñ, Miss.
The SP (traffic) of East Khasi Hills district, K Prasad, said that the search operation was conducted to detect those who drive two wheelers without license, those who take passes and those who drive illegally by speeding. put the lives of others at risk.
I didn't expect to be like this but my perseverance and goal has paid off.
The Committee was set up by the State Government through the Social Welfare Department on 21st November, 2015 to consider and approve the letter sent by the Seng Khasi, Sein Raij to the Social Welfare Department. the report to the federal government.
“It is to be recalled that since the past few years, the land has been mined from this area and the workers in this area have been evicted.
The AJMRWLU has said that they will give them until 17/10/2020 and if this office does not release their bills they will hold a mass protest because all the muster roll workers in Jowai Circle which falls under the office of the Chief Engineer PWD (Rds) have already received their bills.
And, behold, he worked in the clay: and when the vessel that was made of clay was broken in the hand of the potter, he made it again into another vessel, according to the ability of the potter. to create you (Jeremiah 18:14).
KSU Publicity Secretary Pynshai Rani said that the four players who participated in the tournament include Lozenza Songthiang, Francis RR Songthiang, Kyrshanbor R Songthiang and Nongkitboklang Songthiang.
The total number of cases has now reached 30,7
This step holds the promise of bringing great wealth to this school which will be the pride of Meghalaya,” said the Minister.
The teachers, who have complained about the lack of responsibility of the Principal in his duties, have also criticized the Education Department of the State Government for not doing anything even after they have sent a complaint. twice on the 12th and 30th of July.
It is worth mentioning that the suffering due to the lack of this road and especially during the rainy season, is not only for the people in the village, but this road is also the road to St. Nicholas School. Savio HSS in Baridua, which is also one of the prominent schools in the area.
“These findings are perhaps surprising because Alzheimer's disease is a neuro-degenerative disease and we know that alcohol can have harmful effects on the brain,” said Dr Sine. Berntsen at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark.
Mukul said the meeting was to discuss the issue of foreign entry into the state.
Although Meghalaya has said that it was not aware of the plan to operate the bus, four officials from Meghalaya attended the flag raising ceremony of the Assam Minister to try to operate the bus. The bus was driven by Mr. Ricky Dkhar.
Dashngain Sukhaling scored two goals in the 1st and 15th minutes, Burom Salahe in the 58th minute and Dreamson Suchiang in the 72nd minute.
Jowai: A youth named Daurupaia Biam, 19, has lost his life after drowning in the Myntdu River in Pynthor Ialong today.
Boys Higher Secondary School.
Expressing his regret, Gokhale said, “Although the Inquiry Committee headed by IGP Mukesh Kumar Singh has exposed these illegal activities in its report to the Director General of Police (IGP), Police, Meghalaya, but surprisingly, no action has been taken against Bah Iangrai.
Sohblei and Dhulia; 2.
One of the Khasi youths who was evicted, said that they have been working on the land for about three years, where they started their job with a small salary, but now they have been evicted for about three years. beh ksew without anything.
Babu Soso Tham, one of the Distinguished Students of Rev. Dr. John Roberts, said, “Besides teaching Theology, Dr. John Roberts also teaches English. Literature and the Khasi Language.
It is not that they don't want to talk but they have their own feelings on the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Wahlang.
Sanbor said that many rich people from Jaintia Hills go to Ribhoi to collect more money while the people are deceived by picnics, DJs and musical performances.
The CBI found that the doctors at the facility in Gurugram had acted negligently during the treatment of Rosy and as a result, she died.
Gujjar was arrested yesterday after he opened fire at the scene of the protest.
John 16:23-24.
It has been decided to confirm Bah Stin Shadap as the Lyngdoh Raid and Syiem of Raid Ïapngar and Bah Mess Lyngdoh as the Syiem of Raid Ïapngar. The Lyngdoh Raid and other office bearers of the Raid and however, there was a stir from the Lyngdoh clan who did not agree with this decision until the proposal to confirm the Lyngdoh and the Syiem had to be stopped. Religion of the Raid.
Rimankhraw Kharumnuid scored the first goal of the match to lead the team to the top of the table.
The word “Menshohnoh” includes the word “Men” which can refer to the abbreviation of the word “Tymmen” and the word “Shohnoh” which refers to the method of killing by shooting or bombing.
He said that this shelter will receive special training for those patients who are leaving hospitals like SANKER and before they can return home they should first receive training in the fields of construction. Counseling, medicines prescribed by doctors at the Halfway Home which has a staff of 16 people.
“We ask the Government, who will take responsibility for this,” said Samla Pyngrope.
The NPP Mawkyrwat Block Committee was also formed at the meeting.
Speaking to media, FKJGP President Bah Dundee C.Khongsit said, “We have decided to hold peaceful protests in condemnation of the shooting death of four people by the Police. Assam.
One by one I reached Mawsadang on a forest road which is 3 Kms from Tyrsad.
He said that on his part, he had met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, who promised to take action and Marngar said that if nothing is done as soon as possible, the farmers who live in those areas will face many problems.
Let's see how the people respond.
At each step they offered prayers for intercession.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi District Council (KHADC) has announced that the buyers of agricultural products brought by the farmers in all the markets under the jurisdiction of the Khasi District Council should return them. the khoh, the kriah and the byrni, which have been emptied, after the release of the crops, so that it may be known which khoh, byrni or kriah is heavy and to be counted.
The residents of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency are now in shock and loss. This is the bias and neglect of the State Government against the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, as it has been more than nine months since the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency was forced to leave. Former MDC Bah KP Pangniang has resigned on 1st March, 2015, but the Government has not yet held mid-term elections. They are not included in this Constituency.
There will also be a prize of 15,000 for the winners, 10,000 for the second and 7,000 for the third, and up to 7 consolation prizes of 1,000 tyngka each.
They must stay in the state within 72 hours and must notify the Deputy Commissioners before their arrival.
PVR INOX Limited has made more money than Pathaan released in July and Avatar: Way of Water in November where the company did not release a single film from June to October. to do good or to attract the eyes of the wicked.
The number of confirmed cases of Coronavirus in South Korea has risen to 594, the highest daily figure since the outbreak began on July 20, , reached 2,931 cases.
Regarding the firm stand of the HPC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the relocation of the residents of Them Iew Mawlong should happen and the government will move forward regarding the relocation of the residents of Them Iew Mawlong. this.
According to the information requested by the RTI Act, the reply received from the office of the Ministry of Education showed that the Ministry has nothing to do with the fees of the border students.
The death of Woh Kiang Nangbah took place on 30.12.1862 at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“Earlier, the CEM informed the House that there are many tasks that the Council has been able to complete in the past term.
Shillong, Nailur 28 : The Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday launched the Men's and Women's Boxing Championship.
On the other hand, the UPA II government under the leadership of Manmohan Singh at that time had introduced an ordinance to exempt MPs and MLAs from being nominated if they were convicted of wrongdoing. However, Rahul Gandhi has strongly opposed the UPA II government's decision to appeal against the conviction. and also displayed a copy of the ordinance in front of the journalists.
In a letter signed by the President and Secretary of the Association, Bah Riban Lyngdoh and Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, the Association has informed the Supreme Court about the land ownership of the state and requested the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has temporarily suspended the decision of the Meghalaya High Court banning quarrying in the state.
This I decided to leave alone without anyone forcing me.
According to him, there are more than 3000 vacancies in the Police Department.
The 36-year-old has decided to retire from football after playing for Spain to win the World Cup title and win the Premier League twice. and Chelsea and the La Liga title with Barcelona.
Pastor Gadew said that the pastor and the elder went to visit the preaching field, but it happened as it appeared on social media.
KN Triparthi from Jharkhand also filed his nomination papers but was rejected due to lack of requirements as stipulated by the Congress constitution.
Nigeria's victory over Iceland has given Argentina hope of reaching the Round of 16 if they win their final against Nigeria and if Iceland lose to Croatia.
Qatar is one of the countries that has fought hard to bring peace between Israel and Hamas in Gaza and has also tried to negotiate with various countries such as Palestine, Egypt. and the United States to persuade Israel to end the war for the sake of all and especially for the poor residents of Gaza who have become miserable because of the war. war in the Palestinian city of Gaza and those who have become displaced and homeless.
At the end of the Cultural Programme, there was a pastime at the Phyllaw Square of Sohblai House.
It is a shame that the Government does not take into account the teachers despite the fact that they are the builders of the future of the students and does not take into account the contribution of the teachers. to improve education in the state.
Many of the refugees are Christians who have been left in fear and the Christian women whose places of worship have been destroyed.
Umrit managed to turn the tide in the 68th minute through Wanroyshang Sangma.
The brain is filled with shock but the heart has to cooperate with the authorities of the Transport Department.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) has issued a notice to the State Government to implement the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to immediately close down the illegal coke factories in Sutnga District. A peace rally was held to protest against the MDA government on Friday.
He urged the students, even though they are far from home, not to forget their culture and heritage, as the forgetfulness of these important parts of Khasi life will lead to confusion. and prosperity in the lives of the youth of the nation.
He said that when they arrived at Saba village there was a crowd at the Kur house and it was not the Dorbar Shnong.
The expressions of the people through social media do not match the intentions of the people who went to vote.
The accommodation for the trainees will be provided at SAI, Shillong Centre, NEHU.
Shillong: U Dasakhiat Lamare, MLA of the NPP from Mawhati constituency, on Tuesday said that according to the records he has collected so far, Julius Dorphang is the MLA who has done the best for Mawhati constituency among all the former MLAs. constituency.
At the same time, he said that although the company and the residents have received electricity, but what is worrying the residents is the installation of electricity posts and electrical equipment. The company Amrit has been implemented and has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
He was appointed Rector of Don Bosco Technical School Shillong from 5th July, 1993 to 24th July
So these are the current events in the political arena of Meghalaya.
The demand came after receiving an RTI reply from the Planning Department of the State Government informing that the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC) will be established from October 2018 to June , the MREGC and the Regional Planning and Development Council (RPDC), Khasi Hills Region for the implementation of the functions assigned to these three Councils.
Whether it is in the city or in the countryside, we see that evil has increased in our society.
There are now 19,522 cases in the country, up from 17,089 yesterday.
At the same time, we should not be afraid or believe what we hear or say on the road.
Lambor will contest from Nongkrem while Antonio will contest from Laitumkhrah-Malki.
He said that this is the opportunity to announce the farmer day today to inform the Government that there are farmers in the state who need their assistance.
Furthermore, it was seen that the residents had to take off their juti and walk on foot when the water turned into a pool in the middle of the road.
Sohkhia is rich in water and low in calories, making it a good food to fight against heat and cold.
However, although in the State we do not have such rules or laws, the electorate has the power to teach and not to elect them in order to prevent future corruption.
He said that in the past, the slaughter of cows was not less than 30 or 40 cows per day, but now the slaughter of cows is only 5 or 6 cows per day.
He said that the voice of the Hynniewtrep people wants a trial on the death of Bah Che.
He said that the new weight bridge has been operational since the opening of the new weight bridge in June 2024, and before the opening of the new weight bridge, there was no notice or written notice from the government to the owner. The existing weight bridge, and this shows that the rights of the tenant have been violated.
At the time of writing, the search for these two persons is ongoing.
In Nongpoh, many brokers are also the people of the officers.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorumkhrah Village, Pynthorumkhrah Secondary School and Kur Khongjhi by the brother of T.Bn Khongji.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly urged the Government of India not to allow the mining of uranium from Kylleng-Pyndengsoiong-Mawthabah.
Not only that, the District Council has already taken a decision since June 2017 not to proceed why can't the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District do anything about this?” he said. the news release.
He said that as a leader of the people, he stands firmly in the voice of the people who are ethnic minorities because this Bill is against the people of the North Eastern States.
The purpose of this medical vehicle is to provide medical treatment to the retired ex-servicemen, said the Chief Minister.
The supporters of the UDP in the areas where there are no MLAs have become like miaw ki ksew in front of the NPP, they have been insulted and have not benefited while the MLAs have been forced to sit in the Secretariat.
FOR CHRIST WILL BE KING UNTIL HE HAS DEFEATED ALL HIS ENEMY. LAST ENEMY – DEATH" 1 Corinthians 15:25-2
Therefore, Israel has also destroyed the city without forgiveness and without thinking about the people living in the city because the intention of Israel is only to exterminate and defame the city. the Hamas militant group, which has ruled the Gaza Strip for many years.
Sangma also felt that it is necessary to continue to control the movement of people, as there are many dangerous areas in the country, or known as red zones.
Speaking against the VPP, Bah Paul said the reason why he has been looked down upon and the question why he is silent is because of the location.
Arnesius Marwein, Pale and Tariang, who scored the first goal of the match, were able to score the first goal of the match. The second goal for Langsning was scored by Sten.
These Chairman includes K Veera Raghava Rao for 9-Nongpoh, 10-Jirang Assembly Constituency, Narendra Kumar Dugga for 8-Mawhati, 11-Umsning and 12-Umroi. to visit the Polling Stations together with Zonal Magistrates, Sector Officers, Sector Police Officers and Booth Level Officers.
Law enforcement agencies should not give in to government agencies that try to avoid.
According to Luke, Paul left Thessalonica in a hurry about 50 AD and was unable to complete his preaching work and left the believers alone.
But I feel that teachers also need to think about what can be done,” said Dr Laloo.
Implementing the order issued on 7th June, the State Government has informed that immediate action has been taken to implement the use of School Buses.
Clean your teeth at least twice a day and don't forget to clean your teeth.
The BJP president said he has nothing, but believes only in development and the allegation by other parties that he is a party that hates other religions is just a ploy to slander him. party, because they don’t have any other reason.
Government officials who came to the village were only from the Block, PHE, Soil and Agriculture.
“I don't know, but the UDP has already confirmed that I will not join the HSPDP,” said Teilinia, who is also the President of the HSPDP Women's Wing in the state.
The CAA 2019 may apply to 3 percent of the land in Meghalaya which does not fall under the 6th Schedule which includes the land of Khyndai Lad, Municipal and Forest Colony and others.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 6: The government has not implemented the Mahatma National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in 48 villages in Mawthadraishan C&RD Block for more than a year, said Charles Sohshang. today.
They said that although their children are more alive than animals, but when they reach higher classes, they are not lacking in education and there are many children. who have the same level of education as other children living in urban areas.
Therefore, we will take all necessary measures to bridge the relationship between the people and the law enforcement agencies,” he said.
Jowai, Naiwieng 8: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills, today announced that there will be a special summary revision of the Photo Election Roll for the 1-Nartiang, 2- Jowai, 3- Raliang and 4- Mookaiaw.
Speaking at a rally in Smit today, UDP candidate HS Shylla strongly criticized HSPDP President Ardent M Basaiawmoit on issues related to MUDA, the Marriage Registration Act and the desire to change ai race into a man.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sanjay Goyal, Managing Director, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said, “I have been locked up. As the MD of the company, I have to ensure that the MCCL does not stop the mining of coal.
The awarding ceremony was held to celebrate the 15th Anniversary of the Ai Jingim Voluntary Blood Donors Organization since
Paiem Shadap said that the intention to end the conflict through the give and take policy is sufficient and these incidents in Iongkhuli and on the borders of Mizoram will not affect this intention of the Mizoram government. these two prime ministers.
When you speak the truth, you must not express the truth.
The Dorbar Shnong has strongly opposed the invasion of the Karbi people into the village just to cross the border into Meghalaya.
The government's inability to remove the traffic jam on the road connecting Mawlai to Shillong, Nongthymmai to Shillong and Upper to Shillong has also caused problems to the people. many chronically ill people who should seek medical attention.
The Municipal Department has demolished the Local Taxi Stand from Jaïaw to Motphran for the purpose of rebuilding it.
Kirandeep Kaur, a UK citizen, is currently in India and is wanted by Punjab police after Amritpal went missing since October
(vii) Before Jesus bowed His head He told all those present that He came to earth to fulfill His mission and to pay the debt of mankind.
She also said that the person accused of involvement in the education department of the state who was formerly in the Congress party has now left the NPP party to contest the elections from the party because she has received protection from the party. The NPP and BJP parties should provide special protection to those corrupt people, Sharma said.
East Khasi Hills has 104 cases and 103 civilians, West Garo Hills has 25 cases and Ribhoi District has 11 new cases.
He said that the purpose of implementing the roster since 1972 is to allow Garo to fill all the vacant posts in government offices and this will eliminate the opposition of Khasi-Jaintia because until It will take up to 30 years for the Khasi Jaintia to get back into government offices.
He suggested that residents can open accounts to deposit money at post offices using Aadhar Card if banks do not cooperate with them.
“This is like hiding and destroying our culture,” said the statement, which urged the organizers of the festival to include drawings about their culture.
The High Court has strongly criticized the investigation team for its lack of thoroughness and corruption in the investigation in relation to the evidence collected.
The meeting was attended by the President of the party, Conrad K Sangma, MLA Shillong East, Macmillan Byrsat MLA. Nongstoiñ and other members of the party.
When it was understood that the man did not want to speak to the media, I had little time to talk to him.
Genesis 16:1-16.
In Garo Hills and Shillong, from midnight to 6 pm.
It is understood that they were looking for the owner of the house, who is one of the richest men in Nong Umsur, Bah Kynsai Dkhar, but as they could not find him, they took him away. utei you are your servant.
Therefore, she appealed to the residents to come forward to seek assistance from government offices in relation to many types of development projects so that it will be of assistance to those who really want to work or improve your own work.
However, those who have been in contact with them have been searched and tested, but many of them have not tested positive for the virus.
Nongpoh: Leaders of HITO Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their strong opposition to the illegal tax collection gates in many parts of the road in Ri Bhoi, from Jorabat to Mawryngkneng.
On the other hand, although the school is not a special school for children with disabilities, but with their knowledge, they have been able to teach her to write and later she will receive training from the school. Bethany Society but because of her age she can no longer study at this special school and she has to stay at home but the school management has promised to build a place for her. near the school and to help her to complete her studies as she wishes to make it easier for her to travel to and from school.
“There are many people whom we don't see but when we start reading we know their lifestyle, we understand the good things,” he said.
It is easy to destroy, but it is difficult to build.
Jowai, Naiwieng 13: The District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon hold the Open Volleyball Championship The men's and women's categories will be held in November and November this year.
“One person has to take 90 pills for 90 days or three months which means that 19-20 thousand men take this pill in the state,” he said.
All citizens of the State shall live in peace and enjoy the protection of their rights under the Constitution.
Finally, if we look at the events, we will see that this system of governance in our country is more biased towards the majority of the population and this protection against cow slaughter is often opposed in India because many religious leaders do not eat meat.
He said that Mathaios had already disappeared from his home and was found in Sohra because he had a mental disability and was taken away.
Other medal winners were: Nisanshwa Lyngdoh (Senior Women K1 -48 kg), Bantei Sungoh (Senior Men Low Kick – 60 kg), Arthur Cornelli NK (Senior Men K1 – 75 kg), Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (Senior Men Musical) Hard Style Form).
AICC General Secretary Mukul Wasnik, AICC General Secretary Jitender Singh, AICC MP Manikandan Tagore and AICC General Secretary Muhammad Ali Khan were also present.
God's Word says that the soul of the dead king who is in the bottom less pit will crawl up and go to destruction.
The meeting was conducted by Sashwati Mudoi, Manager LPG Sales, Meghalaya.
KSU Nartiang Modop Unit has inspected the Nartiang PHC in Nartiang village which is well prepared for the prevention of COVID-19 and has already provided the necessary equipment. such as oxygen cylinders, humidifiers, oxygen conservation, medicine beds and other equipment.
The petition was led by Bah B.Umbah, General Secretary of HITO Umsning Area and the reason for the petition was on the grounds that there is no danger if there is no police force. There is no patrol on the National Highway in Umsning.
After the PIO replied in writing, it was found that no employee has been employed yet and even the Block Development Officer has been appointed by the government to look after the work of the Block Development Officer. This Block has not yet been established.
“The dignity and growth of children is important and should be protected at all times when writing news or producing programs about children,” she added.
He said there was a need to abolish the MDC constituencies and follow the MLA constituencies.
Health is the most important thing at present and through this news we want to tell the truth so that those who are entitled can receive financial assistance and support from the government.
Fruits: There are many rich sources of tyrosine.
He was a teacher at Sacred Heart Theological College, Shillong and Christ Jyoti College, Bangalore since 1961. He was the first librarian of the Otto Hopfenmueller Library and the first to translate the Dienshonhi into Khasi. from the Greek and Hebrew.
This morning, Biden and Jill, his second wife, visited the cemetery.
Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, said that the Seiñ Kur has requested all the Dkhar brothers and sisters across the country, especially the Dkhar brothers and sisters in East Jaintia Hills District, as well as the All the friends and relatives are invited to attend the Fete Cum Dancing Competition of the Kur which will be held on the date, time and place mentioned above, so that the purpose of the organization, will be fulfilled. it is full, peaceful, and completely successful.
Many of these women who have been abandoned have married another man with the expectation that he will take care of them but the burden has increased because if they have children, they have a problem. from the field.
The Working President of the MSOA said that according to the information from the Ministry of Sports, it is clear that the state will be able to host the National Games by 2013-1 2025.
Shillong: The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has strongly condemned the attack on workers in Umoid, South West Khasi Hills, which left one dead and about 8 others. pat that was seriously injured.
Because when we appoint those who are still in office, we don't need to pay salary to them because instead of paying salary, we pay only TA/DA and it is on that basis that we appoint those who are still in office. task".
Healthy food choices: Healthy food choices are one of the ways to deliver essential nutrients to the body for the proper functioning of the body.
There have been 226 new cases of covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in Assam to
It also appeared in the BJP Policy for Meghalaya 1997 in which it promised to respect these agreements. Late BB Lyngdoh, former Chief Minister said “Khasi States are alive” and others.
At the same time, he has filed his nomination papers as the MDA candidate for the post of Lamphang.
They want to change the old project".
Therefore, for this purpose, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has appointed, by a special rule, government ministers and officers, for the smooth running of the work".
The HNLC has agreed to do so,” said Bah Tynsong and added that some of the leaders of the Seng have recently clarified that the demand letters were not issued by the HNLC. “The police have done their duty to find out who is involved and what is their intention? Is it the intention to postpone the talks with the Government of India, the Central Government and the HNLC?” He said that many meetings will continue with the HNLC as part of the peace talks.
Does the FKJGP no longer need honest people to serve the people in the State?
“Our people are trained to dive only 30 feet, but the depth of the water is more than 70 feet,” said Santosh Kumar.
Pravesh Shukla, a close follower of BJP MLA Kedarnath Shukla, was arrested on 4th November 2023 after seeing the video, which went viral. upon thy wrongdoing, upon that servant.
There was also a discussion for the State Literary Awards for Khasi and Garo writers.
The NGT has directed the Chief Secretary and the DGP of Meghalaya to implement the order.
Comparing Meghalaya with other BJP-ruled states in the North East, Bah Shangpliang said that the people have now seen what they have lost.
What if we are employed outside the State and treated as foreigners? The Ar Hajar Arphew pandemic has clearly shown and provided one information, and that is that tens or hundreds of thousands of people from Bri Hynniewtrep are outside the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Siangkhnai SC has started its journey with a victory in the Green Hills Football Tournament organized by Mawjatap Sports and Cultural Club.
“Under Section 123 of the Representation of People Act 1951, this action of the TMC shows that they are buying votes by misleading the people. “I have done this now before the elections,” said the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
The Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights, Mina Kharkongor has directed the government lawyer not to grant bail to these people involved in the case.
When asked whether the BJP will demand from the central government to conduct an inquiry into the matter, he said the committee will decide.
The team was welcomed by the KSU North Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Samla Lambok Rymbai and members today at Nongpoh after they returned to the state. boys and girls players along with the coaches who came to accompany them.
Ms Handakaru Ïakai Head Teacher said that the purpose of the Fit India School Week is to encourage the children to love their body and to live a healthy lifestyle by engaging in good activities especially to participate in physical activity. sports for a healthy body.
“Yesterday they arrested Bah Ardent, they told us to go to the CBI...they are the advisors of the Prime Minister.
Let love rule over us so that we will love the honor of our neighbor and not be jealous or envious of anyone.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said that as the Minister in charge of Home Police, he has a plan to strengthen the police force across the state.
Therefore, we are in the Council, this department is very important, and we will work together to accomplish the tasks,” said CEM. Shillong: The new Executive Committee (EC) led by the Chief Minister Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has set a target to address key issues including the struggle to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Therefore, instead of believing in falsehood, submit to God, and that is where those who believe in falsehood will perish.
None of them said that any of the things he possessed was his own, but they had all things in common" (Acts 4:32).
Bryan Mac Millan Marbaniang was the top scorer for Lumpaia Avengers with 4/14 from 3 overs.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders' Forum (KJCLF) on Tuesday will hold a service for the election of new leaders to the Legislative Assembly. Prayer will be held at 5 pm at KJP English Service Church, Police Bazar, Shillong.
In the final match, Meghalaya had to bat first and Maharashtra scored the highest score of the season, 466 runs for the loss of six wickets.
“The Government's permission of these companies for hundreds of years to operate and the hectares of land they use will affect the villages, coal mines, mines and others where the paradoh parasnam The time will come when, as the ancestors said, we will become the water suppliers of someone else because these foreign-run companies will take over our land and property. “It's a lot of money in the country,” said Mawkordor.
As MLA, Bah KM Roy has taken this proposal to the elders of the area and they have decided to meet the CM on the scheduled date, but unfortunately no one has been present. When I came from Mawsynram, Bah KM Roy sent me (Albert Shabong) to accompany him because those elders did not arrive on that day as scheduled.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Iooksi on Saturday and was conducted by Comingsoon Dkhar, Vice President of HANM. The office bearers of HANM Iooksi Circle include (1) President Kamni Synnah (2) Vice President Wankloi Tangliang (3) general secretary- Alek Syngkon (4) public secretary- Silvelstar Tangliang (5) Assistant secretary.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The HSPDP MLA from Rambrai, Bah Phlastingwell Pangniang, on Tuesday demanded that the government should recognize Pastor Thomas Jones as the Father of the Khasi Alphabet. the Khasi language in the 18th century.
This problem continues today and could increase in the coming days if the District authorities do not take proper action.
Jowai, Naiwieng 05: The Union of Cooks cum assistant PM Poshan Meghalaya at its CEC held at Mootyrchiah, West Jaintia Hills District on 03/11/2023 after the conclusion of the 4th Annual General Meeting of the All Jaintia Mid. -Day Meal Workers Union has decided to end its strike which started on 16th October
However, what is very comic is that the ILP talks, from Shillong to Delhi, now from Delhi to Shillong.
However, Huibers said he wants the ship to reach the destination and is now seeking help from spiritual people. Huibers, 60, said:
The publication of incomplete voter lists will be on 12th July 2015, the date of appeal, if any are incomplete, is before 27th July 2015, the withdrawal of complaints will be on 12th July on 10th November 2015, the publication of the full electoral roll will be on 12th November 2015, the date of calling of constituencies to elect their leaders will be on 14th November The deadline for submission of nominations will be on 21st November 2015 before 3 pm, the date for inspection of documents will be on 21st November 2015 after 3 pm.
Because you are a mother, you have a beit shongsang.
Besides, due to the lack of housing, they lead to many evil deeds, just because of various kinds of misguidance even to theft.
In the ejahar, Bah Embhahlang said that there was an attempt to defame and defame him by various posts on these Facebook pages and not only that, there were also written statements intended to misrepresent what he said.
In the complaint, Sharma said that the overloading of dewbilat was done with the involvement of the management of a weighbridge.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Privilege Committee of the State Legislative Assembly on Tuesday summoned U W Momin, DSP Traffic, to appear before the Rambrai MLA Kimfa Marbaniang. that he may take away the iit iong from his chariot.
Shillong, November 15: Rongme village, which is only 3 km from the road, will become one of the most popular recreational spots in Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole.
Although the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has already announced in the media that the government has already removed Phidalia Toi as the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), However, according to the writings and documents provided by the MSCW to the media, it appears that Kong Toi is still the Chairperson of the Commission.
Superintendent of Police Varun Singla said the names of those accused of involvement in the crime have been distributed across police stations and anti-crime groups. .
Bisani S.Marak, 35 years old.
Speaking at a rally in Mawryngkneng, East Khasi Hills, the Minister said that the president of the VPP has tried to destroy the election campaign. the mother's race is encouraged to take the father's race.
All villages have been directed to use VDPs or Volunteers from the villages to cooperate with the police department in the smooth running of the markets according to the directives of the government.
Rgh Pranshon Jala said that whatever has happened, all the signs and symptoms show that it is the sin of the blood of mankind. They didn't count the law of God, which, like Tymmen u San, they were angry and forgave the sins of mankind.
Many are mixed with rotten garbage, paper, plastic and other garbage.
However, other Protestant churches also participate in the celebration of Lent until the Day of the Death and Resurrection of the Lord Jesus.
On this basis, the JSU demands that the MSPCB should immediately explain to the public especially after their inspection on the 24th of this month so that the public can clarify and know the truth.
For this day, ambulances, journalists' vehicles and other emergency vehicles have been released as usual.
The training program was also supported by the leaders of HNYM Raid Madan Kyrdem Circle and Raid Ïapngar Circle.
Fredi Chyrmang scored the first goal for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu in the 33rd minute.
There are two types of jhur in the market:- (1) fresh or fresh (2) old or old.
Before the meeting, a march was held on the streets with the slogan to encourage the voters who have not yet decided who will be elected.
A total of 33 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel have tested positive for the coronavirus in the past 24 hours.
The Word of God says, “For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Police have registered a case against the suspect.
He said that according to the law of the country, houses and places of worship should not be in the market as this place in Them Iew Mawlong is a market place.
The best sign in the village is the year ryngkuh.
As usual, the Seiñriaj Ialong will hold its annual Behdeiñkhlam tomorrow at Tre Pyrda Ialong and this time it was held in compliance with the guidelines issued by the government to prevent the spread of COVID-1 -19.
However, according to sources, the WC tournament this year has already been postponed to India to open the tournament from April to November this year.
It is to be recalled that the students who have passed the running and other tests conducted by the police department have taken their written test on the 15th July this year and the Resol has been released on The Personal Interview will be called on the 4th of this month.
This is the path that the civil society should take in order to bring about clean governance and so that public money goes to development and not to increase the wealth of the people. minister himself.
The NEFC has won the 2023 Invitational Football Tournament.
Bagchi also explained the rules of IPR Registration and the benefits for MSMEs. The main topics discussed at the program were Trademark Registration, Copyright Registration, Patent Registration, Geographical Indication Registration and the Commercialization of Intellectual Property Right.
Meanwhile, the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that those who oppose him in this election cannot speak in the meeting if they cannot criticize him, because the time will come when they want to eat. They have to remember the name of Bah Samlin.
He spoke about Bulk Drug Parks, Medical Device Parks, more than Rs 30,000 crore in PLI schemes and said that in recent years there has been an increase of 12-14 per cent in medical equipment. .
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there are still many doubts regarding the new airport.
“He said that he was happy when he visited Laitlyngkot to see that the area has many entrepreneurs even though they are small.
Kynjat Football Sports and Cultural Club Dorbar Shnong Riat Laban today held a program to honor the sportsmen of the village who have brought fame and glory to the village and the state as a whole. .
Idinon R. Marak, father of Father Francis N. Marak, resident of Imbloka village in South Garo Hills District, has been abducted by robbers since the 16th of this month from Gulpani. , while he was on his way to Rongara.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District (HNYF) on Tuesday said that the police department which seizes low priced vehicles should also seize high priced vehicles. it appeared that it only retained low-value cars.
The tourism industry in the village is run by the Indigenous Agro Tourism Cooperative Society together with the village under the supervision of one of the residents, Bah Rothel Khongsit.
He criticized the Sohiong MDC who is also the Minister of District Council Affairs for speaking three voices in the Cabinet, the House and the KHADC. It is disappointing to see that the Council is witnessing a change of leadership from time to time.
The children were identified as Leading Stone (06), Abhijeet (07), Tranky (05), Barik (16) and are from Lyngkhat village.
The KSU leader said that the youth who join the KSU will have to face difficulties, trials, tribulations and obstacles, but he encouraged them to be strong and not to be discouraged.
Ma TP Suja, one of the elders of the village, who is also a pig farmer, said that 15 of his pigs have died.
The JSU said that this has created problems for the doctors and most of the time the doctors have to use torch lights and this has caused concern to the patients especially the pregnant women.
“(We have decided) to send a detailed report on the violation of the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances by the Vice Chancellor to the Visitor of the University, the Honorable President of India, to his Office. The Prime Minister, Union Minister of Education Dharmendra Pradhan, Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, and other Union Ministers, Chief Rector of the University-Governor of Meghalaya and to the Chief Minister,” said Prof.Kma.
The government has injected oxygen to revive the factory, which has been idle for more than two years, which has released T.82 crore to pay for all expenses including electricity bill, coal bill and others. item.
The VPP also wants to make it clear to the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Prime Minister Symbud, Bah Prestone Tynsong that the land in the border areas is not their own property. They shall not be able to judge according to their own desires.
Four HNLC leaders arrived in the state on 5th July 2022 and left for Bangladesh on 16th July 2022 after meeting with government officials.
"It is I who fall, it is not he who leads me into temptation and who watches me fall," he said.
The government's decision to start with the promise to repeal the Khalai Act may have calmed the protests of many political parties especially church leaders who have stood up to oppose the government's plan. to implement this Act and also to set up a casino on the border of Ri Bhoi district.
“We must not forget that the KAAC was formed after 1952 and the Khasi and Pnar people have settled in Mukroh, Psiar, Khanduli and Block 1 (Labang Nongphyllut) for many years. Hundreds of years ago, the Khasi Pnar people in these areas were the owners of the land, the owners of the land and the owners of the shyiap.
This victory is higher than what Meghalaya won at the first NEOG held in Manipur.
There are households who have rejected AADHAR and those who have accepted it are no longer able to eat together.
On the other hand, Bah Reachingson Kongwang, Chairman Darrang Tourism Society, said that the whole world and even the Prime Minister Narendra Modi have praised the Umngot River. the Wah Umngot by completing the electricity project”.
She said it is surprising that the police have been searching for a copy for more than a year, but they have not been able to do anything on the complaint against them.
On the last day, the General Secretary, Rangbah Coming TM Tlang, gave a speech of encouragement to the children.
Elangovan said non-Hindi speakers in West Bengal, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat are the ones who have increased their income.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary said that 32 sites have already been identified in Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi for the setting up of Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs). if sewage treatment plants and those discharging sewage directly into the river, will be fined heavily.
He said that the bridge does not have a fire in the middle and that is why if heavy trucks pass by, it will collapse.
He died of severe Covid pneumonia with type I respiratory failure.
I have first-hand knowledge of what those jobs are and I know many people and individuals and as citizens we need to talk to everyone.
He said that the people of Garo Hills and Meghalaya as a whole have the right to hear what Modi has to say to the people because now the people of the state have turned to the BJP in the election. Modi's leadership.
“If many don't know, what good is it to be rich only in the city?” said Nia.
The total number of cases has risen to 46,59,985, while 9,58,316 people are still undergoing treatment, 36,24,197 have recovered and 77,472 have died, the Ministry of Health said. of the Government of India.
The reason for our persecution is our own weakness.
It aims to connect pilgrimage destinations in a well-developed and sustainable system that has all the services for tourists.
Conrad Sana scored 56 runs.
The total number of cases has risen to 38,53,407, while 8,15,538 are undergoing treatment and 29,70,493 have recovered.
“We cannot accept a foreign Pandit because he cannot perform the Durga Puja according to the belief of the people of Nartiang,” said the women who live at the Durga Temple. Pandit Bhattacharjee did not enter the temple.
Shillong, July 7: Despite the urging of the UDP, Pastor Prechard BM Basaiawmoit, to retire from the MP election, the Pastor Prechard BM Basaiawmoit, has refused to step back from the MP election. struggle.
Therefore, Ashar are dangerous and recommended for those with hypertension or high blood pressure. Sugar: Too much sugar can lead to weight gain and obesity.
I say that he will judge them fairly like this.
The former Congress leader, who has joined the UDP, is now the Vice President of the UDP Mawkynrew. He was the Congress candidate in 2013 but now he has supported Remington Pyngrope.
“We will go to the people not to promise the kingdom of heaven or the stars of the moon but we promise what when the party forms a government it will be able to achieve and I hope that the people themselves will accept the party in Meghalaya. " she said.
However, Roy, Rabha and Chandni K Sahani took 10 wickets each for SCA. East Khasi Hills CA will play against South West Khasi Hills DCA in Zone 1 while Tura will play against North Garo Hills DCA in Zone
Another issue discussed by the SKRS at this meeting was the affected people by the power outage in the district especially in the morning and evening which has caused a lot of trouble to the people and especially eh to the students.
The Congress leader may give a strong contest to the NPP MP from Tura, Agatha K Sangma.
On the other hand, the TMC Nongthymmai Leader, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said that the government should revise the price of allocation of government land in order to increase the revenue of the government.
Therefore, I wish all the members of the KSU in all the units and offices of the KSU in the state to continue to live and work for the betterment in all aspects of serving the community. region and within the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
This year,2022 India celebrated its 75th Independence Day on 15th January.
He said that this two-day workshop will be a preparation for the implementation of the NEP not only in Shillong College but in other colleges in the state. reach the goal set by this policy.
He said the DC had promised to call the PWD to improve the road which the sordar had informed.
They said that even if they go to farm, they don't know how to farm and farming is not enough to earn an income especially when they are experienced in driving. thousands in this field and it is difficult for them to resume farming and the only way they can do is to carry guns, they added.
These leaders, Babu Spastarlin Nongrem and Francis Pondit R. Sangma, former MLA of Mawshynrut, have been visiting each village to ask for the support of the people to win them. They also started to turn around, because these party leaders went to hold meetings in almost every village.
Therefore, the union urges the Rangbah Shnongs of these villages who have received the letter to immediately remove it and all the Rangbah Shnongs in Jaintia Hills to not accept it at all. This type of meter which this company comes to distribute to the villagers and which can affect later.
“After seeing the polling station in many villages in the Nongkrem Constituency; This is the first time I have contested in a constituency outside Shillong. I am surprised because I have never seen this method of voting. Those who don't go to vote even at 5 pm, they wait for money and ask for money from the candidates,” said Bah Bindo.
“Before the end of this month we will visit Khanduli area but the Chairman and Committees are doing the necessary to start the border talks,” he said.
Secondly, he said that in Shillong, the government has indicated that it is necessary to build a parking lot at Barik, which has been reported by the Planning Department.
He encouraged and urged the students on the need to preserve the environment where everyone needs to take responsibility for the preservation and development of the environment.
For the construction of these water tanks in Synrangwanong and Urkhyrdaiñ, the Seiñraij Jowai has donated land.
"After meeting with the manager, and discussing his preparations, I can't wait and be excited for next season," said Mount, who is also an England player.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has informed the public that his office in collaboration with various government departments, Waheh Shnongs, Scouts, Guides, NSS, Traders Associations, villages under the Khliehriat Dkhiah -Ladrymbai, residents, shopkeepers and others will hold a cleanliness drive on the 2nd of March.
He has the duty to build up society by participating in the development of the community and the community so that it will be run in righteousness without any selfishness (Pet 2:13). – 17).
The Minister also mentioned the need from the home, community, community, churches, youth organizations, and others who can shape the behavior of children to lead them to become knowledge of man, knowledge of God and benefit to society.
When the Rangbah Shnong left, the Men Kmie said to Maheh, “You all don't go to work, you can't work.
Jowai District has become the largest District in the Area.
Malki scored another goal through Ronnie Nongbri before opening the scoring and taking the lead 5-1
Support staff: Sandipan Deb Nath (head coach), Mark A Laloo (assistant coach), Gregory G Syiemlieh (trainer), Hamboy Langbang (physio), Prewindsong Sangma (manager) Meghalaya matches: vs Bengal, 12th March, s Uttarakhand, March 14, vs Hyderabad, March 16, vs Delhi, March 18, vs Maharashtra, March 20.
During the inspection, the Circle was surprised that in the CHC which used to have up to 4 doctors, there is not one doctor. Most of the facilities were found to be in good condition except for the X-Ray room which was empty.
John tells us that before Satan loses his power, he will finally fight against God by giving all the power to those two beasts.
If the KHADC implements this bill, then it should first remove the statue of JJM NICHOLS ROY from the front office of the KHADC and ALSO REMOVE THE AWARD OF SDD NICHOLS ROY EX MOD (ENGLISH KPA) that you have received KHUSNAM in the name of Kum Khasi.
One of the things he said was that the Congress has thrown him into the bread tin while the NPP has thrown him out of the bread tin and appointed him as the chief Nongaibuit of the party. the government of Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
The tragic incident could have been prevented as these bombs were discovered in time, he said.
Others who attended the event included the children of Bah Jerlie E Tariang, Rangbah Shnong of Lummawbah-Everest Thangkhiew, leaders and office bearers of the Association including Bah Balajied. Kharmalki President SBWA, Bah Gilbert Laloo Chief Advisor of the Association and others.
Fortunately, in the end, with the sports spirit of the villagers of Khliehtyshi, they said that the stadium should have games when it is built. Any affiliated club/Fresh who wishes to participate in the League TSA, is kindly requested to submit these requirements before 20th November 2023, which is the deadline. The draw ties will be held at Ummulong Rest House at 10 am.
To show respect and dignity is not only in our actions or speech but in all that we do in our daily lives.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today demanded the immediate removal of Tonu Dey (Gaurav) as the Advisor to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The petition was filed by one Probi Khongknaw and others against the Syiem of Hima Khyrim.
He received praise from the Prime Minister of India for this victory in the fight against kidnappers.
The Tripura group, which has demanded its own Tripaland, from Meghalaya, Garoland and Khasi Jaintia states and Gurkhaland from West Bengal.
If the UDP and NPP really want to remove these problems in KHADC, they should expedite the bye election MDC from Ranikor (Langrin) and after that cancel it. The Chairman (remove) who is the most powerful member of the District Council, however, has been in force for the time being.
She said that for more than 72 years, the ADCs in the State have fulfilled some of their duties to protect and preserve the unique customs and traditions of the Khasi people. Jaintia/Hynniewtrep in relation to issues of private law.
The food given to the children is ja, jhur, dai, pylleng sometimes and meat.
Hundreds of truck owners have gathered at Topcem Cement to meet with the President of the All Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association (APA) to discuss the issue.
The KSU has alleged that the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Secretary of the VEC, Ma Wolding Lamurong, has implemented this work inside the Presbyterian Church and not inside the Dorbar Shnong which is the rule of governance of the village.
Nongpoh: The farmers of Sohkhwai village, which is one of the villages in Ri Bhoi district, have expressed their deep sorrow over the price drop. palat liam of the fields of the fields.
After the opening of the dorbar, the MDCs of the opposition expressed their concern about the sudden termination of the Dorbar Tlang of JHADC by the Deputy Chairman. to speak nothing even in the midst of many matters that have been discussed in this meeting.
The arrival of new parties in the state like the VPP although they have only a few candidates but the candidates are very talented.
Aizawl: While India is encouraging child reduction, the Sports Minister of Mizoram government has proposed to award T.1 lakh to any family with many children in his constituency. .
“The North East has been seen as a place of conflict but we must send a voice that Meghalaya is not like that,” he said.
Jharkhand vs Group A (South Zone Qualifiers).
When asked how many drivers who sell foreign vehicles have already received Labor License, the EM said that as of now, he is a newly appointed driver and he will have to consider. check the records first.
On receiving information about the news, the District Election Officer tried to find out whether it is true or not and after investigation, the DEO said that the Sector Officer has already investigated. submit a Report in respect of this section with appropriate photographs and evidence.
The purpose is to prevent the Council from searching for trading license and no longer has the authority to issue NoC to those who wish to set up factories which are against the 6th Scheduled Act within the Council's boundary.
He said that the Supreme Court will be informed of the government's action as the time given by the Supreme Court is too short and it is also the Christmas season and the delay in issuing the Challan will affect them. and it will also affect their happiness with their children at Christmas.
And Jesus said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God? The blind man answered and said, Who art thou, Lord, that I might believe on thee? Jesus said, “You have seen him, and it is he who speaks to you.” The blind man said, “I believe, Lord, and he worshiped Jesus, and Jesus said to him, ha u – “For judgment am I come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind” John 9:35-3
The festival was organized by the Forest and Environment Department, the State Government, the Institute of Bio Resources and Sustainable Development (IBSD) in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR).
The Acting Chief Secretary was accompanied by the Director General of Police (DGP) Peter James Haneman on a two-day visit to the police station.
If you want to sell, go and sell in the market place, NOT on the street.
The KHNAM (Youth Wing) said that the illegal trade of foreigners will pose a serious threat to the minority community, especially when they have seen the illegal entry of foreigners into the country. the name of the inheritance.
After the arrangement, the KSU Mawlai and Mawsiatkhnam Village Authority visited the hill which is planned to be sold to the Assam Rifle at a price of T.68 crore. area of ​​200 acres.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, urged the people of these villages and the state as a whole not to listen to fake news. They have alleged that this government is a government that loots and steals the money of the people. However, they don't investigate the development projects that the MDA government has brought for the needs of the people in the state.
“Frankie Pariat has become one of the most famous sportsmen in our state whether it is in football or athletics,” said Robinson.
Referring to the incident in Langpih in 2010, which has shocked the residents, it is expected that this time the Government will be able to find ways to protect them.
Eldie said the existence of the AFSPA has empowered the army to act at will and this has led to the shooting deaths of civilians in Mon District.
The police are not wearing uniforms.
However, they have now said that it has been gifted to Bangladesh.
Furthermore, the Temple in Jerusalem was the richest center and the Temple collected not only burnt offerings, but taxes, tithes, gifts and others.
We are also the first company to manufacture cars in India and the first to receive the 5 Stars award.
The teachers who are entitled to receive the pension are Government Aided/Adhoc and Deficit teachers, the High Court order said.
On the other hand, the MSOA was led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President and Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Vice President, through the Archery Federation of India. The meeting was led by Dr PT Usha, President, IOA. At the meeting, the President, IOA said that the office bearers have just taken over the IOA and the goal is to work hard to achieve the goal. to hold the National Games as allocated to the States and to hold them every year to complete the National Games as allocated to Goa, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh and Meghalaya.
The Sirdar of the Elaka, Bah PS Khongbeh, said that they will meet with the government authorities in these days to seek clarification on the boundary and villages to be included in the Sohra district.
They also expressed their desire that this kind of sport will grow and become well known in the state so that it will also be a source of income for them.
While the market in the Khadar district is low and expensive, the residents are increasingly suffering from dew.
Joshua 1:2.
This will be a clear message to the present Government,” said the Sengbhalang.
He said that the opposition will question the transport department on the inability to implement the Motor Vehicle Act in the state especially at the gates. There is no law to send taxes to the government and this action of the government has destroyed the roads, many accidents and also the state has lost revenue.
Therefore, this deterioration of the mentality of our heritage and the recent heritage, is a poison that has eaten the hearts of the nation and will also kill our nation in any way. day and without doubt we shall lose our own land.
In the letter, Bah Adelbert expressed his desire to revive KHNAM, despite the attempts to overthrow it. “You have tried many times,” said the letter.
Unjust rulers deceive the people.
On 29th July 2016, Moosalyngkat received the NOC from the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong to recognize it as a Dorbar Shnong.
For example, some parties promise to forgive bank loans, or forgive electricity bills, or pay school fees for their children and so on.
All these refugees are supporters of Shitlang Pale, the Congress candidate in the area.
Until these days, there are many villages where the houses of the people are not off the road and thus many of them, who own vehicles have had to park their vehicles on the road.
We on behalf of the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai, after seeing the news issued by the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jaintia Hills, have demanded their share of the State Job Reservation Policy which is 20% for Jaintia.
Besides, the Chairman of JACATAM said that the government will also increase the salary of teachers while the schools which are still in the deficit pattern will be increased to the deficit system in the near future. still coming.
My people are destroyed for the Lacked of knowledge".
Noel Dkhar scored for Mukhla Raij in the 16th minute, Timmy Ryngkhlem in the 20th, 90'+4 and 90'+5 and Diya Singh in the 88th minute.
“How can he say that he will do it himself, because the Minister's house has been whitewashed, because it is too much, his house has sent him to complete it,” she said. The statement said that some teachers have paid high prices just to get a job and this is not only a friendship but also a money making job.
Punjab FC have signed Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi from Real Kashmir FC on a one-year contract.
Alninton Mukhin scored the third goal in the 38th minute.
The first public meeting of the Indian opposition will be held in Nagpur in Maharashtra, the source said.
If you count the distance, it reaches 75 kilometers.
The BJP North East Chief Minister, Dr. Himanta Biswas Sarma, who is also the Chief Minister of Assam, will visit the NPP-led MDA government. Dr Sarma will reveal the secrets of the border issues with Assam, the smuggling of coal through Assam, the reason why the BJP has agreed to include the NPP in the Manipur government. along with many other secret deeds that the NPP-led MDA government has done in relation to Assam.
These cards will be issued to the owner of the land and will be recognized by the Land Revenue Records Department.
He said the Government should take a decision to make it compulsory or not to write CUET. Speaking to the Registrar of NEHU, Retd.Col.
Tomorrow, Langsning FC (7 points) will play Malki SC (4 points) at 4pm.
According to the village leaders, it is not known how long the body has been in this place.
It may be recalled that some of the children and staff at the orphanage, who tested positive for Covid-19, last November, in which the children, have fought and overcome the disease.
KSU Education Secretary Readyyon Nongrum said that after receiving complaints from many students that no one has accepted their certificates when they apply for jobs, the KSU has gone to talk to them. She also demanded that the government should appoint a team of inquiry to find out whether it is a lie as alleged.
“Sakshi expects President Draupadi Murmu and Prime Minister Narendra Modi to speak on this issue.
The perpetrator has been arrested and is under investigation by the court.
He said that the nine days deadline for them to continue their work expired on Thursday. If the authorities act by force, they too will go to court because they have violated many of the laws. This is Jesus' condemnation of the teachers of the law and Pharisees who were Jews at that time.
She said that the use of human skills will help many churches to avoid any involvement in crime especially in alcoholic beverages and other illegal activities. to the society.
He said that although only about 60 students will be admitted this year, it is expected that in the coming years, the number of students who wish to study in this line will be increased. It is also one of the best schools in the world.
Tharoor said it was just a fun photo, in which they wanted to take a picture and they wanted to post it on twitter.
On the other hand, Bah Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District, encouraged the youths who have brought glory and honor to the community. The organization is ready to assist them in any area and requests the Nongmihkhmat and also the government to create something special for those children. who have the skills to provide any assistance so that it will be of benefit and encouragement to the youth to develop in all sports activities.
At the same time, the Nartiang Village Organization (SHG) supported by MNREGA (BDO, Thadlakseiñ) has provided financial assistance including the construction of roads and footpaths.
Jowai July 03: The Amlarem Sub-Divisional Development Association (AMLArem) held a meeting held on 31/12/2022 at the Hall of Syiem Jingsuk Amlarem in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Sengbhalang and leaders. of the Jaintia War District.
The Word says, 'By your fruits you will be known.
It is also a symbol of the coming phase of the journey towards social development and aims to promote economic growth in the country.
Shillong: St. Anthony's College beat Jaintia Eastern College 2-1 in the Inter College men's tournament.
Conrad said a sub-committee has been set up headed by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the members will be one from each party in the group as well as individual MLAs.
However, this time, the government has held celebrations across the Block Level, District Headquarters and Sub-Divisions in the state.
Up to 16 groups from different parts of the area attended the event.
Shillong: Members of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) today hoisted a flag on the path of Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Assam Government, as he is one of the strongest supporters of the Assam Students Union (AASU). Act of the Government of India, Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
Earlier, media reports said that Pynshngaiñ had decided to elect an MDC from one of the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep.
Amritpal, the chief leader of Waris Punjab De, was confirmed to have gone to a Gurdwara near Jalandhar with his aides where they spent more than 10 hours.
“Development works in Bangladesh have been severely affected,” Ahmad told reporters at the PWD IB in Dawki.
“Yes, you are,” said Kynsai and put both hands in his cold jacket.
In the District Development Planning Council, the Executive Committee of the Council has a major role in discussing and implementing development projects with the Secretary JHADC. There is also a social audit and RTI and other complaints can be requested if the Village and Town Development Councils are not functioning properly.
On Saturday, Mukhla Raij will play against Evergreen Mukhla at 1:30 pm and Dulong will play against Mulang Ïalong at 3 pm.
Infinity : means lyngngit-lingngit is so far, so far and so far that the power of sight cannot reach it.
“It is clear that the ILP has been accepted and approved in the form of a resolution by the State Legislative Assembly and I believe it is necessary to remind the Legislative Assembly, the Cabinet and to continue. chess," he said.
He said that the union is facing difficulties in selling and marketing Khasi jhur in Shillong due to the lack of Dkhar jhur and the consumers do not know how to distinguish between Khasi and Dkhar jhur. The Seng has decided to expand the distribution of Khasi jhur directly to the households so that the people can get reliable Khasi jhur.
It is to be recalled that the KSU was the first to demand the eviction of the Kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong (Them Metor) since previous years and the KSU has launched a strong protest on this issue.
Also present on the occasion were HM Shangpliang, Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Kitborlang Nongrem, State President of the NPYF, Hamletson Dohling, Working President of the NPP, Dr Jasmin Lyngdoh. , State President of the NPP Women Committee, Lamphrang Blah, MDC Mawphlang Constituency, Pynïaid Syiem, CEM of KHADC, and others.
The Mizoram Government has issued an order ban ban the import of fish from other states into Mizoram, following the discovery of and there were many fish that had the smell of oil.
The election of the new Rangbah Shnong was witnessed by the Village Leaders of Lumshyiap Upper Golflink Village and the residents of the village, men and women who have reached the age of 18 years.
It is Satan, so that he can deceive people until they worship him.
The tournament was organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association and was played at the Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit.
Shillong, Lber: The Border Security Force (BSF) 43Bn Meghalaya in an effort to ensure the welfare of the residents in the border areas, today conducted a health program in the border areas. border within South Garo Hills.
On the 4th of June 1829, Pa'iem Tirot Singh and about 500 soldiers of the Nongkhlaw Hima suddenly attacked the British military base at Nongkhlaw in which there was a heavy bloodshed.
Regarding the meeting, the DC, Bah Albert Lyngdoh, said that the Dorbar Shnong, after receiving information about the wedding ceremony of the two families, has received permission to hold it at Ri Kynjai Resort on the 16th. and 25th of this month, the Dorbar Shnong, has decided to keep the protest, as they fear that this incident will be like what happened inside the Greenwood Resort Khanapara, Assam.
They said that their salary during the past 15 months is T.3,09,10,000 including from the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) which usually contributes 12 percent of the salary of the employees and also from the government but up to now the government has not given them their rightful share.
Senior TMC leader Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the issue of opposing the Governor on the speaking of Hindi in the Legislative Assembly is not the first time.
It may be recalled that the deadline for registration of nominations in the state will be on the 7th, the date for review of documents will be on the 8th and the date for withdrawal will be on the 10th. , the polling date will be on the 27th and the counting of votes will be on the 2nd.
Rajesh Khongphai was shot dead on Saturday morning at Weikyian village in Nongjri district, East Khasi Hills.
The danger is that once the foundation is sold, it is difficult to recover in the next election.
Through this opportunity, Mawlai won and reached the final for the second time.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the FKJGP office bearers said that the reply of the Minister of Sports to West Khasi Hills is too far away to talk about the Artificial Turf. He said that the answer of the Minister is unacceptable and the party cannot accept it.
However, as soon as they learned that there was a public meeting in Iewduh, they hurried to gather and saw that half of the Iewmawlong road was blocked.
Earlier, if the Government had to dismiss the case, there was no need to consult the refugees but now we have decided that no one can dismiss the cases without the consent of the refugees.
“You who come to the village once, if you don't drink and just refuse, you feel stupid.
These 10 vehicles were launched by the Minister of State for Fire and Rescue, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar at Lum Jingshai, Shillong.
Shillong: "I have never heard of anyone opposing the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 but I have heard that some people are against the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020," said the Minister. Conrad Sangma's state.
She said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has also informed the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills and the Sub-Divisional Officer, Sohra Sub Division.
The most common disease in coffee is called 'die back'
Therefore buy before you own and then expand as you wish.
Meanwhile, Prof MK Mishra stressed the importance of science and mathematics subjects by saying that more teaching should be provided in these subjects by changing the old teaching methods.
Furthermore, the HANM leaders from Western Ri Bhoi and Ri Bhoi District, said that they can sit quietly to watch these border crossing activities of Assam and for the sake of protecting the land. The KHADC, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi and Syiem of Nongspung Hima have decided to send a letter to the KHADC, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and Syiem of Nongspung Hima to take action to talk to the government for the purpose of stopping the construction of this road. Assam to Bakhalapara village which still falls under the Nongspung Hima in Meghalaya, they added.
On the resignation of Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and Umsning MLA Jason S Mawlong from the party to contest the NPP MLA election, Gavin said he could not. to force to stop the will of others.
It was in this year that the young Syiem of Nongstoin, Wickliffe Syiem, was attacked by the Indian army because he did not want to become a slave to the Indian Dkhars and because he declared the Nongstoin Hima as an independent country, but unfortunately his dreams did not come true and he had to flee to Bangladesh to escape from the hands of the Indian government.
Some of them have gone on to further training and some have started working in the State in Government or private hospitals in urban or rural areas. other States to gain work experience.
After lunch, there will also be a Dorbar of the Zone VII Rangbah Association, where the Parish Rangbah Assemblies in Zone VII will be requested to prepare their reports.
Other speakers at the meeting were JARF General Secretary Leningstar Rymbai, former JHADC Chief Executive Member Obil Kyndait, KSU Jaintia Hills President Ohibait Dkhar and Deputy Chairperson. JHADC President Violet Lyngdoh, JHTOA President Nidamon Chullet and others while JARF President Helping Phawa conducted the meeting and Dunno Nongpluh gave the welcome speech.
The Jaiaw MLA has suggested to the KHADC to take action on this issue.
Marak will be appointed as Member-Secretary of the Commission.
“As an MLA, I don't know how to speak, because it is up to HDR in his party work, and his party will decide whether to give ticket or not,” said Samlin.
The room where the riewhadem is stored should be well ventilated.
Matthew 2:13-15.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Umran Niangbyrnai, has come out to clarify to the public on the reports in the media that an ambulance from the village, has turned into a Kyiad vehicle.
In addition, they play their boom boxes to make the whole mountain sound.
"The troops are conducting a search operation for the militants involved in the incident and have conducted a search operation in the area to arrest all the escaped militants.
The Reproduction of RiewhademAs we have seen in the previous chapter, the riewhadem plant has two types of flowers; the seed that was on the top of the rice plant was a male flower; and the other in the middle of the plant is the female flower, and it is the latter that bears fruit.
However, man must think about religion, because man teaches religion according to his customs and traditions and according to the demands of his culture.
After receiving a tip that about 30 GNLA members had gathered at Adugre in Durama Hills in East Garo Hills, East Garo Hills Police in collaboration with the GNLA. Police of South Garo Hills have raided the area to raid the camp of the GNLA. They have also seized several rounds of ammunition from the area.
Tuber scored 134 runs in 20 overs for the loss of 8 wickets.
He said, "Let's eat".
Similarly, the UCC (Uniform Civil Code) has been passed by the government.
Most of the land went to those few who had more.
This is a question that we need to ask when we read the history of time because this is a question to answer for the happiness of our society as a nation and the people of the state.
Although the elections are far away, Dra said the BJP has already set up its Polling Station Committees at all the Polling Stations and the registration of members is ongoing. Committees like Women's Wing and Youth's Wing have almost been completed in many villages, he said.
He said it is easy to slap the workers as we have seen how the Congress party and others have done that.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, urged to strengthen the garment manufacturers in the region by guiding them to deal with companies.
He said that the government should look into this fire in relation to the demand for the amendment of the roster system and the government should take action against this fire so that it does not burn. Shillong, June 13 : The BJP in Meghalaya on Friday said that it relies on the wisdom of the government to resolve the issues related to the MBOSE. implementation of the roster system.
To drive onto other roads, causes traffic.
" said Mr. James.
“On the allegation of bias to select the students with the participation of the coach of one of the schools in the Screening Committee, the DSO has denied these allegations and said that the selection has not been done. don't be afraid.
The Minister held a meeting with the political parties who opposed the new Roster System and demanded the making of Tura as the capital of Meghalaya.
That since the coal mining started going well in 1984-85 onwards.
The price was fixed by the agencies or suppliers in Jowai, Ripnar and Rymbai Gas Agency.
BJP President Amit Shah has died while landing from a helicopter on his election campaign in Mizoram.
It was the Khasi feeling that was still enslaved by the British thought that it was impossible to express the voice of the people in any way and the Voice of the People Party was born.
“We feel that these are leaders who have contributed a lot to the State.
She said that the Commission has not talked to the people during the inspection and added, “To talk to the people here and there doesn't make sense unless we can listen well.
“The Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the National President of the BJP JP Nadda have the intention to monitor the launch of various awareness programs to eradicate tuberculosis through the TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan before the TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan. 2025," said the BJYM leader. He appealed to the patients to seek information about the Nikshay Poshan Yojana Scheme for TB patients. The BJP Schedule Tribe (ST) Morcha (BSC) today held a celebration with poor children at the Anganwadi Centre, Shillong Cantonment. ST Morcha State General Secretary Euneescy Khyriem, Vice President Priambada Blah and ST Morcha Shillong City President Wanpynbiang Tariang were also present.
These include East Khasi Hills 1, West Garo Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 1, West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 2, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Garo Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
According to a statement sent by the President Prof. Lakhon Kma, the Peace March will start at 3:00 pm from the Central Library. meeting near the Central Library.
According to the US Department of Defense, on Tuesday it was discovered that China can develop and use drones that are three times faster than the speed of sound. which comes out.
“Let us sit down here in the house.
“Although the State Government provides the funds every year, the GVK company since 2018 has been struggling to reduce the number of employees in order to get its own share of funds. “It's affected in terms of providing health care to the people,” said Bah Roypar.
Rangbah Dong from 6 villages in Ladthadlaboh, today met with the CEM of JHADC on their surprise that they have not been named except LD Lakiang. Ladthadlaboh Dorbar ShnongThis is because in the past Ladthadlaboh was under the jurisdiction of one Rangbah Shnong, but gradually it has grown and many of the residents who have migrated from all over Jaintia Hills have come. Other districts include Mooralong, Lumpariat, Mookyrdup, Dongmihsngi, Carolina, Mookyrdup and Tyndowapung.
If the government is confused, we don't have anything to say, but if the government is confused, we too will have to express our views and principles.
Also present at the opening ceremony were the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who led the construction of the College during his tenure.
Shillong, March 13: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has not been able to move anywhere as the case against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court is pending in the Supreme Court. the Supreme Court.
You have been awarded the Memorial Award in the name of Bah Rana Kharkongor 2023Bah Daminot J Wankhar, you are a singer, a singer and a dancer who are skilled in your skills and your beautiful voices.
“I am confident that from here in South West Khasi Hills District we will see the boys and girls who will bring glory not only to themselves but to the village, the region and the state as a whole. “It is not necessary to lead the district, the state and even the national level,” said Bah Pius Marweiñ.
If they understand, they should have done something for this road for the people.
Shillong, November 19: The CSWO led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing has submitted a petition to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju today in Shillong, urging him to take action against the case. corruption in the state which has involved politicians and police and also the discrimination against women.
In 1832, Alexander B. Lish founded schools in Sohra, Mawsmai and Mawmluh.
The President of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Chandra, gave his words of encouragement and also encouraged especially to Nongkasen as a new unit, to continue to work hard.
Many Christians have expressed the hope that the coming of Christmas will bring peace and happiness to their state.
In the overall ranking, even IIM Shillong did not appear at all, but among the Management schools, IIM Shillong came 26th out of 100 schools.
NAMDONG: The Congress party will not form a government in Delhi because the government will be formed by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) or the Third Front. and if the joint candidate of the MDA Government, Dr.
The day was celebrated with various programs such as traditional dances by the members of the KSU, singing of the Sngi Lumlang Anthem by the members of the Sngi Lumlang Celebration Committee and various games.
The High Court of Meghalaya on Monday, while hearing the PIL of Greneth Sangma, a bench of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh said that it is the duty of the Assembly and the Government to discuss and discuss the Roster System and has not set any timetable for its implementation.
This year, as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav which marks the 75th Anniversary of the country, the NITI Aayog has honored 75 women including Kong Hasina Kharbhih from Shillong. because of my involvement with the Impulse NGO Network.
ML-10A-4439 was driven by Amos Shylla of Umsalait village, WJH district.
All business-related cessation : Cessation of all business activities such as closure of bank account, modification on dividend distribution or repayment of all debts so that family members do not face the problem.
The Dorbar Tlang of the District Council will be held on the 22nd of this month at 11 am.
He said the idea of ​​creating the DC came at a time when the Council passed the KHADC Constitution Rules, 2013 which aims to abolish and create new MDC constituencies.
He said that the election of the MLA candidate depends on a personal decision, according to the basis of who should be elected.
He said that the Nongmawlai people don't cause trouble but it is the government through the police department which causes these problems through the actions of the police department which causes trouble in the state. whole.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) first of all congratulates the two governments (Government of Meghalaya and Government of Assam) for taking action to resolve the border issue.
This statement was sent by the President of FKJGP Jaintia Hills, Shri.
Meanwhile, the DEO of West Khasi Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, informed the public that Bhupendra S Chaudhary IAS, Election General Observer of West Khasi Hills District, has arrived and is now present. in Nongstoin.
After welcoming Bah Mitchel to the party, Bah Metbah said that he himself came to meet and encourage the leaders and workers of the party. from Mylliem constituency who are the leading candidates and who will lose sleep during the elections.
When the Khasi and Jaintia Hills were still a district in the state of Assam, the demand for Rilum was raised because the Assam government wanted to force the use of the Assamese language. in all one state.
Shillong, July 13: The Forest Department of KHADC has started raiding furniture shops making wooden furniture such as chairs, tables, doors, coffins and others on the grounds that They have not received the NOC from the District Council.
He said that so far 16 Units and Circles have been set up.
According to a complaint lodged by the daughter of Rishalin Kharmutee at Madanrting Police Station, her father left home at 8 pm and did not return home until write this message.
Iaraplang scored five goals in their first appearance for Laitkor this year against Umpling on 19 July
The Senate had to delay the resolution after one of the committee members, John McCain, said he wanted to oppose it because he did not agree with the wording of the committee. .
Pala said that the BJP is no longer strong in states like Delhi, Bihar and other states due to the loss of tickets of many MPs. Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on Friday said that the Congress has held talks with the Trinamool Congress Leader ( TMC) and former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to return to the Congress but he has expressed his desire to join the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after the Lok Sabha elections.
Some of those present at the meeting, who also warned the scientists or doctors, who were present at the meeting, that they will be arrested, if they cover their mouths, because they violate human rights.
The captivity of the Jews in Babylon did not last forever and in 539 BC another empire, the Persian Empire under Cyrus, rose up as another mighty empire and conquered and overthrew the Babylonian Empire.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the father of the girl, Bah Yespar Sohshiang, said that the doctors at the hospital did not treat the girl properly until she died.
He admitted that they have done this by conducting examination for 360 vacancies in the GNMs. AMBANM) have urged the government to postpone the examination scheduled for 24th July.
However, to prove the looting from the 'Pla Tyngka jong u piadbah', the best evidence to prove the corruption is the backwardness of the constituency in all aspects.
Regarding the allocation of houses, everyone is urged to verify the residence of the people and with proof of documents, to prevent criminals from hiding in the area.
He added that the Regional Committees of both the parties will soon submit their final reports to their respective Prime Ministers, who will take the final decision on this matter.
Shillong, June 06: The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, today announced that the second phase of the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya in the remaining seven areas will start. in July-September.
Since this program or celebration today is also to invite the children to go to school, the MLA, urged the children to go to school and to work hard to get education.
He said that the polling station with the highest turnout was Wahutim with 92.37% and the lowest turnout was MeSEB-MCCL polling station. only 47.37%.
Regarding these sher dara, which was built by the MC and teachers, while talking to Bah K.Muktieh, Rangbah Shnong of Khliehumwang, he said that until now it has not been completed and it is not enough. the part to start taking classes for children.
Tynsong said that the government, when preparing the report, has done so by examining the documents and taking a decision according to the documents and the government will not listen to the criticism, because the critics are people who are just talking on the air without knowing the documents.
That will be the pride of the nation.
“The MSCW on 13th July held an emergency meeting at its office where all the members who attended expressed their shock over the news announcing the removal of the Chairperson by the Minister of the department. Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh,” said a statement from the MSCW. The statement also said that the announcement to remove the Chairperson in a meeting with the media was too much and violates the MSCW. The Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act,
“Are these officers in various offices appointed to work only on Sundays or are they appointed to work for the whole month? Do they receive food only on the market day or for the whole month?” said James. He said that the party will not rest but will work hard to follow up on this issue. The union will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The government's part is to award the contract with EMRI. "On the part of the government, we have done what is necessary in the past meetings. DHSMI and DC, but as they are not employees of our department, we have nothing to say.
"This shows that the reason here is not money, knowledge or what they have gone through in the work but this shows that there is something more important than money, knowledge and what they and they went through all the works that they did.
“How can we send our children to school, when we have relied on the sale of synsar to cover school fees, book fees, uniforms and other expenses.
Robert said he is ready to advise the government to end the protest on the demand for the implementation of the ILP. , the protest will fall to the ground.
On our part, we don't have any respect for them, or reject these Harijans, because they are part of Meghalaya because since the beginning, they have served and been in this country. but the government's only wish is to relocate them to a better place and to improve the land.
He said that in fact they have informed the BDO about this and he has promised to complete the task within 15 days, but until now more than a month he has not done anything. “I have every confidence in the KSU to help in this regard,” he said.
In the U-14 girls category, St John's Secondary School won the U-14 girls category. Little Blossom Secondary School won the first prize.
The reason Jesus says until now you have not asked, is because the man or woman – asked the wrong thing.
This song is also in the Presbyterian Hymnal, number
There are 0 Post Graduate Law candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 5 candidates remain unemployed till 31st November
Rev Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator, Diocese of Nongstoiñ, who was also the Chief Guest, said that the church has a goal to serve the people not only to correct them spiritually by completing baptism. to preach only the Word of God.
Ezekiel 37:24–28.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the preparations to relocate the land vendors have been going on for two years now.
Furthermore, the Seng urges the relevant authorities to take action to prevent the entry and exit of such people into the Bri u Hynniewtrep as we don't know how these people will come and get them. and commit evil deeds in the villages and towns of the country.
:The North East Petroleum Major Union (NEPMU) today announced to suspend its strike after a meeting in Nongpoh Ribhoi District.
“The government will just look at them and plan to buy them again if it cannot operate and improve them properly,” said the CSWO. These buses were funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
In other countries where there is no law and respect for human dignity, this is called Tail Gating.
JOWAI: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has inspected the road connecting Rymbai-Bataw-Borkhat-Jelalpur village (RBBJ) and found that the road is badly damaged. The snowfall has caused a lot of trouble to the parking of vehicles and motorcycles during the rainy season.
Mawkyrwat, July 06: Shillong Lajong Football Club today reached the semi final and will face Rangdajied United Football Club on July 13, 2023 at the Artificial Turf Stadium, MDSA, Mawkyrwat. , South West Khasi Hills District.
Later we see that the Apostles went around preaching, and thousands of precious souls were saved by the gospel they preached, even to this day.
Thynroit CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
It also relaxes life and when living creatures appear this makes nature itself feel alive.
He said that there are 105 villages under this block.
Mimi Lamare and Dasakhiatbha Lamare, have expressed their deep sorrow, that even after they have rejected the Ejahar, Bah Joplin Sten, Sordar of Mawlasnai, has raised the allegations by saying that Children from Mawlasnai, have lodged a complaint against Mimi Lamare and Dasakhiatbha Lamare, in which the statement of Bah Joplin Sten, has been very wrong.
“I used to make mistakes so many times that I wanted him to forgive me, but he didn't forgive me and he just listened and forgave me,” she said.
Shillong, July 31: The Hynniewtrep Women's Association (KKHA) has received a complaint from the shopkeepers in Khyndai Lad against the Bijou Cinema. especially the foreigners who come to destroy Meghalaya.
Shabong also made his debut (without being benched) for the Indian team in the tournament in Malaysia where he became one of the team's best players.
For the Tura Parliamentary constituency, which includes five districts, there are 315,255 male voters and 306,934 male voters to elect a new MP after three years of electing the same MP PA Sangma.
When asked about the invitation of other leaders to join the AITC, Pyngrope said, “The party has not invited any leaders from other parties to join the AITC. the invitation is only for the leaders".
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 81 new cases have been confirmed and 893 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
On this occasion, the Shap Sahkynmaw was also distributed to several people who have been involved with the MSC in its journey to the 100th anniversary of the Sports Club.
“We have tasted the strawberries produced by the farmers of the area and we have found that they have a sweet taste which has been appreciated by those who like to eat them,” he said.
Referring to the other two, Pala and Marak, the SP said that the police have rewarded them for their hard work in doing the job that the police have to do.
He said the three-member committee of inquiry will include the District School Education Officer, West Garo Hills, Tura as Chairperson and the Sub-Divisional School Education Officers of Tura and Ampati as members.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong appealed to the HNLC leaders to take action on the peace talks and not to have any concerns regarding the letter issued by the court. it is part of the work of the court.
From the understanding of the Christian groups in the state, they have found and expressed the reliability and spirit of the Bill.
“In the investigation, on 02/11/2022, searches were conducted at Lumshyiap, Chanmari, Upper Golf Links, Shillong-1, Official Quarter at Golf Links, Rtiang, Umsning. , Ribhoi after the issuance of a warrant by the PC Act, Shillong,” said Bah Pasi.
Angelbeth is currently in custody and is being investigated by the police.
After that, several robbers got out of the vehicle and started beating him and he sustained serious injuries to his face.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that he has also informed the NEHUSU leaders who came to meet him today.
A person who tested positive for Covid-19 at the Civil Hospital, Shillong has been tested four times, the first time negative, while the second test was negative. 3 and 4 cases are still positive, today they are taking another sample for the 5th test and the result will be released tomorrow.
Shillong: A fire has broken out in Khyndailad area, has shocked the residents of Khyndailad area, where flames and smoke have been seen coming out of the fire. which started at 1.20 pm on Saturday.
Shillong, Lber 26: The RBYDSO has appealed to all the people to elect a leader in the MP elections, not to look at any party.
Police from Lumdiengjri Police Station have registered a case against Bah Omega near Pung Umïam. of him was found on October 7th.
The Manager said that the price of tyrpad leaves depends on the quality of the leaves and there are three types according to the quality.
It is not allowed to write a law.
We understand that all forest resources belong to the government, but all of them should be in writing because the custom of longtrai of land is against the law.
He also expressed his surprise that the Meghalaya government officials have not signed or agreed to resolve the boundary issue in the villages in the area, because they have not consulted or sought information. The truth is that the residents of these villages do not want their land to be included in Assam, because they have grown up. in Meghalaya and since ancient times.
He said that he had heard that there were opponents of the Autonomous State. He said that his soul was alive and when he tried to find those leaders, he found that it was Bah Hoping. He was a prominent leader to protest by carrying the flag when Indira Gandhi came to inaugurate the Autonomous State and since then he has visited the HSPDP office regularly to meet the workers. “Bah Hoping has not only been expelled from the APHLC, but even his life has been threatened by many. In the middle of the night, he had to flee from Tura, and many people criticized Bah Hoping, but it is interesting that despite all these problems, Bah Hoping did not hesitate, until one of the Ministers had to ask. I apologize to Bah Hoping in Parliament, just because the Minister has insulted Bah Hoping by saying where is the State of Meghalaya and the answer that the Minister has received from Bah Hoping Hoping is 'If you don't know Meghalaya, it's better to leave Parliament and leave India' and that is Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh,” said Rev. PBM Basaiawmoit.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) on Thursday said the investigation into the killing of Khalistan militant Hardeep Singh Nijjar is ongoing and no evidence has been found. India will take part in the killing of the terrorist in Canada.
Here we can still see and find the stones and boulders.
At the end of the meeting, all the Principals of colleges acknowledged that the New Education Policy is the need of the hour, and they will strive as much as possible to make it a success.
In this age, we hear of various Seng Kurs and this is where the power of the son lies.
“I will monitor this and ensure that the work will not be delayed,” he added.
Government officials, who were present at the meeting, said that the picture is national, but it is a reminder to clean up the pond immediately.
At the time of writing of this news, no incident has been reported. Police have been on high alert to ensure that no incident occurred and members of the HNLC did not get out. to confuse.
In addition to these duties and the duties of khaddar administration, another duty was assigned to this family in which it had to hold the annual festival which is known as the religious duties. and the administration of the kingdom.
Shillong, June 12: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Drivers Association (MCTODA) on Tuesday admitted that truck owners have to spend up to T.20,000 per trip just to pay at their toll gates. Hima and Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which appear as titles along the National Highway and State Highway.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday questioned the delay in the implementation of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) by the state government. people are not outside.
The 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) has been held on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 17 : The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Saturday said that the new Office Memorandum (OM) on the Reservation Roster has been implemented from the beginning. because it has been since the beginning of the Reservation Policy in the state and this is illegal.
If you have an ethical problem, you can't fix any issue.
He said the party has nothing to say, as it has not yet discussed anything on this issue.
In addition, to be clean and to dispose of all garbage in the designated disposal sites located in the parking lot and on the Cathedral premises.
In fact, those employees of the Municipal Board, who work in various departments especially in hospitals, were invited to attend the meeting but many of them did not attend.
In the men's category, Argentina, Belarus, Brazil, Egypt, England, Fiji, France, Guinea, India, Iran, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Latvia, Mali, Nepal, New Zealand, Oman, Palestine, the Philippines, Poland, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka, UAE and Uganda.
Muzzaffai, one of the officials of the department who attended the training, said that besides the preparation of hospitals, the department also plans to implement the plan in the street houses. such as in hotels and crowded buildings.
Jesus spoke well of cleanliness when He taught His disciples and the people while He was on earth.
Besides the allocation of funds for the improvement of sports grounds in Tura and Shillong, about 150 grassroots sporting infrastructure has been completed in the past years at a cost of T. 45 crore, Conrd said that about T.40 crore will be spent for the 2022-2023 fiscal year.
The SOPs also allow people to enter into agreements with foreigners (non tribals) and those non tribals can apply for a mining licence”.
Deng's mother alone thinks that this job is one of the most profitable jobs and if she is smart enough to go down to the rural areas, she will be able to do it. more get bun.
China has deployed up to 60,000 troops on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Eastern Ladakh, despite the cold weather. ha these bags.
Shillong, November 22: The Police Department has informed that the fare of those vehicles that traveled with the police from 1st June, 2013 to 31st November 2013 has been paid in full.
How do you feel about this?
“NEHUSU has asked the Pro VC of NEHU Tura why the university does not have even stationery shops,” she said.
“This is a G+3 building where the ground floor will be a parking lot,” said the MLA who was accompanied by the Project Director, DRDA East Khasi Hills. Paiem Freeman S Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima, members of the Executive Committee of Sohra Hima and others.
Bah Shangpliang said that the Central Government every 10 or 20 years sets a deadline for the states to reach the target of implementing the SSA project and after 2026 the government will do the same. It is time for Meghalaya to implement the SSA project to improve education in the state.
The tournament will also be a team tournament, where each team consisting of five members, captain and players will have up to five rounds of 1.30 minutes with a closing time. the match will last 30 seconds.
Sadly, there are some villages which have blocked the public roads with trees or stones and there have been many cases where the people who are in need of medical treatment have been forced to leave their homes. Hospitals have been closed in the village or in the stones and trees blocked by the villages.
Furthermore, the leaders of these organizations, demanded that the DC should provide protection to the workers who will work in the village so that the work can be speeded up as there will be a church service in the village. the month of October.
Genl Secy; Justine Dkhar (Ex-MLA), Adviser; Rosila Dkhar, Executive Member; Teras Dkhar, President of the East Jaintia Hills District.
Besides him, Raj scored two centuries with 441 runs followed by Jaskirat with 422 runs including three half centuries.
“When the people demanded the temporary dismissal of the police on 13th November, the Congress asked why the government cannot do that but the government has refused. “If they can't explain, they can't listen to the Sengbhalang, then they should have explained to us but they don't have to do that either,” she added.
Prestone said the DPR also includes the Jowai Bypass to 4th Mile which is badly damaged.
They include Lieutenant General Sanjay Malik, CVD Diengdoh, IAS, Secretary GAD and Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, IAS.
On Saturday, it was also the closing ceremony of the public awareness campaign on nine programs of the central government including the PMUY-Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana, PMJJBY-Pradhan Minister Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana and PMSBY-Pradhan Mantru. Security Insurance Scheme, PMJDY-Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Scheme, Mission Indra-Dhanush, Unnat Jyoti (Ujala Scheme), and Prime Minister's Electricity Household Scheme-Happy.
From the UDP, two candidates were M Beyondstar Kurbah from Mawphlang and PT Sawkmie from Mawlai.
The tournament was inaugurated by MDC Nongstoin Constituency Bah Gabriel Wahlang as the chief guest, in the presence of the sport club leaders, village leaders and others.
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet meeting on Thursday accepted the recommendation of the Anomaly Committee (AC) on issues related to the performance of various government departments.
Nongstoin, July 23: The JAC Umjarain on Saturday morning held a General meeting on the District Affairs. The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the government to hold a public hearing on the 15th of July
While 78 people left for Manipur on Sunday in three flights, 65 people left for the neighboring state on Saturday.
As soon as 12 Congress members left to join the AITMC, he was shocked.
These two climbers, after receiving training in the basic mountaineering course, have been able to complete this advance training which also requires a strong body and mind to set the goal. be skilled climbers.
Four MLAs from Ri Bhoi District have attended the General Council, including Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang; Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning and Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Umsning.
On the 23rd of this month, a case was registered at Tura Women Police Station under Section 3/4/5/6/7 of the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act
De Vries is working hard to implement GreenPees in different parts of the world and hopes that in the coming years, he will be able to convert electricity through wastewater. man.
The match between the two teams was very interesting because of the ability of both the teams to pass the ball well and also the ability of Nongstoiñ FT to play. and it pleased many of the spectators.
He said that the ban on cow meat was a law passed by the Congress government, even the former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had tried hard to ban cow meat.
Speaking to reporters, he said that there are 168 Rapid Response Teams working to prevent the spread of the disease, although there is no cure for the disease.
Similarly, South West Garo Hills district has had a POCSO court since 2017 but has not yet received a single case related to the announcement of the verdict.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF, Sengkmie together with the members of the RBYF Western Zone, today launched an ambulance. to serve the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has reached its final match on Tuesday at Kiang Stadium. Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on the occasion of the 75th Independence Day of India.
If we look at this explanation on our part as a group we cannot accept this part because most of the time we don't hear about finding medicines to be distributed immediately without being able to use them and we have heard He also said that most of the agreements with various companies regarding the distribution of medicines through the Health Department of the Government should have returned the medicines to the manufacture companies. having to be renewed by others.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has invited children and youth from the district to take part in this competition and the prize money for the winners will be cash prizes.
His wife, Martine Moïse, is in hospital.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP will hold an official introduction meeting for the RDA candidate for the 1st Lok Sabha elections from Shillong. ST) Parliamentary constituency and also to launch the campaign for the MP Election
Pathaan which has been a success not only in India but also in other countries of the world has really inspired Sid. Boy cott has earned a lot of money.
Kamalakhya Dey Purkayash also urged the people of Assam and Meghalaya to work together to restore peace between the two states.
Then the lyngkar fire during the dry season or the rainy season.
“It is because of the backwardness of the Roster System that we see that in all the vacancies, most of the vacancies are Garo friends because their quotas which have expired since previous years have been filled up. “In these years, in many departments, the work has been completed,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur, 08: The Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on the 7th of this month, discussed the release of a recent video entitled 'Hato The Khasi people have a YouTube Channel called 'Na Rympei U Hynniewtrep'
Dr. Kharlukhi said that in the constituencies, the NPP will give tickets only to those people who have the hope of winning.
Nongstoin, July 28: Officials of the Forest Department, Shillong, today suddenly raided in parts of West Khasi Hills District, for the purpose of conducting a search operation against many burnt places. rnga illegal in this area.
On receiving information about the incident, members of the Circle and accompanied by police of Laban Police Station raided the area and found syringes and drug containers. They don't sell drugs anymore in this place.
The truck was carrying lyer shet and was coming from Assam to Tura, but while it was turning around, it collided with the lyer shet and collided with the truck. The truck caught fire and when the fire brigade arrived, the truck was almost completely burnt down.
He also served as a Minister in the state government.
Shillong, November 18: The Director of Soil and Water Conservation, KC Momin in the presence of Advocate Sujit Dey has launched a collection of songs sung by Leoberth R Sangma. in Garo language.
When God brought the waters of the flood, Noah went in with his wife, 3 (Three) sons and 3 (Three) wives, 8 (Phra) in all. , and these filled and multiplied the earth and God used Him. Here too God was very angry and angry with Him. God found Abram a righteous man – this pleased him. to God and God used him.
After the truck tried to escape, one of the forest guards of the Assam Police, shot the tire of the truck and the tire burst.
The rules will come into force from the date of issuance of this order and anyone who violates them will be punished according to the rules.
Joydeep Gogoi scored the first goal for Assam in the 64th minute.
The Emergency Department also includes 2 ventilator beds to provide emergency and critical care.
Speaking to reporters, Henry T Nongrum said that after the resignation of Macdalyne Mawlong as President of the NPP Nongpoh Block, he was elected as the Acting President of the NPP Nongpoh Block. He said that today the NPP Nongpoh Block has received full officers of the party for the purpose of working and carrying out the work of the party especially to prepare for the MP and MDC elections. The full office bearers will be confirmed on 20th November at Umsning and through the confirmation of these office bearers we are confident that we will be able to work hard for the party and especially for the elections. Nongpoh, November 15: Two students of Assam Don Bosco University have died and one student has been seriously injured after their motorcycle collided with a truck. They were on their way from Sonapur to Guwahati on a flyover bridge in Jorabat.
On the other hand, Bah Erwin Sutnga, who accompanied the brother of Bah Roning to the police station, said that if there is any suspicion of any crime, the BSF should immediately inform the police. , but the surprising thing is that these BSF troops have opened fire without investigating or saying anything.
Others included teachers, leaders of the Association including Bah Donald Nongsiang President, Bah Wallambok Jaawphniaw General Secretary and others.
Choose your friends whom you should walk with, even if they are women, because this age is no longer peaceful for women or men.
At present, North East Khasi Hills has two C&RD Block, Mairang and Mawthadraishan.
Here too, the NPP still needs the support of other parties to strengthen the government especially the BJP and the HSPDP. NPP should show that it has won up to 11 seats and will not be allowed to sit on the MDA bus. If the UDP really wants to force the government, it will show that it has won 11 seats. If the NPP makes a mistake and if other parties unite, there will be no problem for the party. now I don't have 29 members in the House of Representatives.
Jowai, July 20: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has released a fund to provide relief to the victims of the earthquake in Jowai. long up to 4,00,000/- (four lakh rupees).
Nongpoh, July 30: Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh today inaugurated the Computer Science Laboratory with the awarding of four students who have passed the examination. They have entered the top 10 and top 20 lists of the 2023 examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
The three seriously injured were identified as Mercy Hmar, 58, Rohu Mali, 47 and Robihul Hussain,
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 20: The residents of Mawlieh Rambrai area have expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of development works and the backwardness of the entire Mawlieh area which falls under the Rambrai area.
“The CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, has informed us that the District Council has not yet issued the NOC for the construction of the railway line in Jaintia Hills,” said Reachingson Siangshai.
At the same time, he said that sports training can create many opportunities if we have an interest in such sports.
To the east, there was Rangkyndur in the village of Rangbih-bih on the banks of the Umtlieng River which flows towards the Umiew River.
On the allegation that he was involved in the cancellation of the Congress ticket in 2013, Pala said, “When the Congress ticket was announced in 2013, I was in London. “I have been a friend of anyone but to say that I am against the party is a misconception,” said Vinvent Pala.
Foreign parties or national parties may say that the villagers can rule according to their own knowledge, but in reality, it is not so, because they are high commanded, they have The big bosses have to fall on their knees but in the national parties, it doesn't happen, because the MLAs can show, speak, meet with the leader.
In this last house I saw three communities, some just listened and very few spoke the decision of the people.
Now we have three games left,” said Man City manager Pep Guardiola after the game.
After receiving a tip, the city police raided these people and arrested them with the drugs.
MRSSA is another issue.
In the continuation of the raid on the shops including khar shana and others, which have been raided in the past few days but which have been filled again in these areas, the KHADC has seized up to 5 small trucks. These items seized include shana, shana knives, suhjain, foreign clothes, soh and other items.
It should reduce some of the less important chapters and set questions on only a few selected chapters.
Abhi Das led them to the hotel where other drug traffickers were staying and three others were arrested from the hotel and their vehicle was also seized.
The SBYWA said in a statement that these villages on the India-Bangladesh border are in urgent need of relief especially food items during the lockdown to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
“On the part of the residents of Khlieh Tyrshi, we urge the JHADC to take action on these issues.
Phyrnai and Sambun are from Mukhaialong village.
“Upon receiving information about this, I myself took the initiative to telephone the officers and directed the Commissioner and Secretary to talk to them (Mazdoor Union).
The offices of the government departments that will be included in the District Secretariat are the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) along with the departments of Election, Supply, Revenue, Planning, Basin Development and Social Welfare. District Child Protection, Sports, Treasury Officer, Excise, IPR, Tourism, Border Area, Mining and other government offices which are currently operating from foreign houses.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that many vehicles were stopped on this road today due to the landslide at Riat Rngain and within two hours, the Engineers, SDO and Contractors have left to clear the road. .
It is not known how strong these buildings are or how much they can protect themselves from collapse in the event of a minor earthquake.
Shillong: The Sohshira Return Group (MCCL Colony) has once again held its second Get Together Cum Picnic on the 18th July 2020 at Niaw River. It was a successful and happy project with the cooperation and support of all the members that we have been able to achieve this project.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said that the purpose of the VPP in protesting against the employment quota is not to discriminate against anyone, not to violate the rights of anyone. However, it wants to have a policy of equality between the two ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
“The Minister said that at the meeting they found that there is no fear and that the people should not be afraid.
Of these, 19 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from soldiers, 3 cases from health workers, 5 cases from high risk contacts, 2 cases from ILI, 1 case from Keating Road Two persons from Laitumkhrah, one from Mawlai Mawroh, one policeman, one from Upper Shillong.
Bah RG Lyngdoh said that it is time for us to follow the example of China, Bhutan and European countries, which have set the highest standard of teachers. other government employees.
Not only that, but soon after they are buried or burned, the world doesn't even remember them.
The most surprising thing is that in the Hynniewtrep people, I have never heard or known of a woman Lyngdoh or Syiem in any Raid or Hima, how about women? Who in these days has made himself a priest or a king? Is this a misunderstanding or a misunderstanding? In one family, I found that all the members of the family were of the Lyngdoh clan.
They taught you the truth.
But all the way they did not eat anything until they reached Tura.
Ritchel Passah scored 25 runs off 49 balls.
There are many other nationalities who want to immigrate to our country.
She has a job card and has received more than T.26,000 through MGNREGA to build this house.
Nongstoiñ, June 05: The Central Government through the Ministry of Culture will soon implement the National Mission in Cultural Mapping in all the states. .
He said that according to the recent report from the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR), it is clear that there have been many incidents of rape, rape and exploitation of children in these areas. years that have passed and until now.
Hollywood reports said that among the names announced, others who will take part in the festival will include Dierks Bentley, Luke Bryan, Keith Urban, Eric Church, Luke Combs, Tim McGraw, Dan + Shay, Jordan Davis, Hardy, Tyler Hubbard and others.
Shillong: U MDC of Jirang Constituency, Bah Victor Ranee, who is also the EM of Forest Department of KHADC, on Tuesday urged the EM in charge of Land Department, to inspect the parmaw from Killing. to Ranikudam, which are filled with quarries run by foreigners in the name of the villagers.
Nongmihkhmat is bitter and stupid; Ham or rhah dooh or chuki.
Frankie Nongrum General Secretary of the Union in his speech said that in the past many of the athletes have been employed from the sport quota but for many years nothing has been heard of implementing this quota. Meghalaya, where many states are still employing 5% of male and female athletes, therefore the union urges the government to look into this right of athletes to employ as it should be.
In a statement, 10 households have lost electricity after being cut off due to non-payment of electricity bill, 9 households have lost electricity due to non-payment of electricity bill, 9 households have lost electricity. households have stolen electricity by stealing meters and 2 households have taken electricity beyond the agreement with MePDCL. which ranges from T.2782.00 to T.2,59,080.00 each.
This has caused concern as it is said that the price of oil could rise further as it started to rise suddenly after the outbreak of war in Israel, where the price of oil Brent rose 4.7% to $86.65 and West Texas rose 4.5% to $88.39 on Monday.
At the same time, he urged the contractor to complete the construction as soon as possible.
They also said that they support Modi's introduction of 500, 1000 notes but oppose his non-implementation which is only a punishment for the people.
But you, if you are foolish, You love your mother; Longlehnohei hard work, In the end you will be bombed.
He said that if the government does not listen to this demand after the march, they will take other measures which they cannot announce yet.
There is now a strong attempt to divide and create a sense of difference between the Trai Ri who are still practicing their traditional religion and the Trai Ri who have converted. foreigners to seize the land and violate the rights of the Trai Ri.
The meeting was convened by the Social Welfare Department in collaboration with the Police and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Construction of the project is expected to start in 2023 and is expected to be implemented by
Kuwait will face Bangladesh, who came second in Group-B after beating Bhutan 3-1 in the semi final.
Regarding the demand to include the school in the Adhoc Grant, the Minister directed the school authorities to provide the necessary documents.
He said that there are people in his constituency who sell their land because it is not suitable for farming.
This is also the first program by the office of the MLA of Umroi Constituency through schemes for the development of the youth.
We also strongly condemn the State Government for trying to disrupt the peace and order in the area,” he said.
Look at those who study abroad and abroad how long they have to stay but gradually they come back to their places of birth.
Shillong: Two former football coaches from Meghalaya have participated in the four-day FIFA Goalkeeping Course from 2nd to 6th March 2018 at LNIPE Campus, Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh.
He said that if they are dismissed they will face difficulties as they will not be able to find jobs anywhere else as they are old as they have worked with UCIL for 10 to 15 years now.
During the time of Dr. John Roberts, our country was divided into two parts, one known as British India or British Area and the other as the Indian Native State. One of the largest Indian states is the Hima Jaintia which has been part of British India since
On the other hand, these indigenous organizations also demanded that the state government should take a full decision so that the 33% reservation for women will not affect the rules of the Article 371 (A) before the ULB elections. They also demanded that the state government should provide a detailed explanation on the issues related to the timing of the implementation of the special allocation for the people. women (30%).
This is what happened to Noah.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Although the National Green Tribunal (NTR) has approved to allow the sale of coal, which has already been mined from the crematorium, If they want to transport coal, they have to fill up a form 1, which is issued by the Ministry of Mines and that is that the owners of coal mines, they have to take it from the government. for that place, where they shall sell and mine coal.
The union reminded the government that it has met with the relevant authorities since August 2018 and submitted a petition to the Chief Operating Officer, GVK-EMRI, and also in April 2020 through a petition to the Chief Operating Officer, GVK-EMRI. In November 2020, the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills District met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Meghalaya to discuss the problems in the field of health facilities due to the shortage of Ambulances in the Sub-Division.
They include 22 cases in East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from BSF, 5 cases from other personnel, 8 cases from civilians and 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills.
Jowai, November 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) West Jaintia Hills District has renewed its office bearers at a meeting held at Infinity Hall, Moralong in the presence of two MLAs. Lahkmen Rymbui from Amlarem L/A Constituency and Nujorki Sungoh from Mowkaiaw L/A Constituency.
The Silver Jubilee celebration started from the morning service to the evening service, in the presence of the Archbishop of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Sydon, including the Moderator of Ri Bhoi Synod, Rev.SDN Teron. , Rev. JM Nongpluh, Pastor Incharge, Rev. KE Rympeit, elders from the Presbyterian Churches of Umden area and the members of the Presbyterian Church.
However, homosexuality is only a “custom” of people, and they do not marry or have children.
to 11.30.
e-ChallanAdvertisement No:- MPSC/ADVT-39/1/2018-2019/80 Dated Shillong, 2nd November 2018For more details, Please checkor visit www.mpsc.
However, one thing I know is that Bah Lam is one of the smart editors, who runs all the programmes, meetings, press conferences and doesn't wait for others.
French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday opened the door for European countries by announcing that France will send troops to Ukraine to support Ukraine in the country's economy. this time preparing to fight against Russia.
Rimaya said that this Act is a tool to protect the rights of street vendors and there are also rules that this Act clearly states that street vendors should be clean in their homes. where they sat down.
Eight people have lost their lives in Garo Hills.
He said that there is another scheme to take water from Wahrisa but for 15 years, the Forest Department has not given permission to build a water tank on its land, but now it has given permission. The PHE department has already paid T.3 lakh to the Forest Department for the construction of the water tank for the purpose of supplying water to Lower Lumparing.
If there are 5000 people in quarantine, the government's money will be wasted.
The violence was carried out by donating to Assam without the knowledge of the Hima rulers and the villagers.
In a report published by the Shillong Times, Boko police have arrested five persons, including three men and two women. Five of them are aged 23 and 45 years old and are currently in Guwahati. Central Jail.
Rupang is one of my favorite new paper in khasi.
Shillong: “We only conduct shooting and nothing will affect anyone even if it is done in places near churches or schools, and if the government bans it we will have to pay compensation or fees. Thousands of people have been involved in this,” said Philip Khongsngi, President of the Khasi Hills Archery Sport Institute.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep People Front Ribhoi Circle today visited the Umiam Dam at Umtangling village which has been constructed by the Irrigation Department to supply water to five villages. Since 2005, more than 400 households have been affected by the floods in these areas.
Therefore, he urged the residents to pay the light bill exactly so that they can produce light for their needs.
The love of the family as a mother, brother and sister is always strong in them.
Earlier, Bah Embhahlang asked whether the government has any intention to relocate the nuit landfill from Marten.
Shillong, July 25: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold a General Meeting for the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) on 29th July Khasi Free Morning School, Nongstoin at 11:30 pm.
Thus, the national team has been able to surpass Australia in the world rankings and this has led to the Australian team being relegated to fifth.
The event was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat in the presence of MDC Ummulong-Moodymmai, Bah Jesse Suïam. Shilla at the Youth Center of Ummulong Presbyterian Church on Saturday.
The number of cases has risen to 892 and the death toll to 1,4
What needs to change here is that the Khasi (Zamindars and landlords) should become more loyal to the Government and their own villages.
Shillong Today, it was witnessed that the city of Shillong, has become crowded and there are few vehicles on the road and those who pass are only those who have a pass to pass.
According to him, the Council also intends to use computers in the accounting of all the revenue departments of the Council.
Nihal Chand Meghwal, who arrived in Shillong on Tuesday, said that the central government will not abolish the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya.
Martle said his defeat in the last election was not because of anyone but because many of the candidates used the power of money.
Shillong, July 17: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher and Welfare Association (KJBWA) has announced that from tomorrow the 18th until the 21st of this month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ardent said that the reason for the strike was that the party did not attend the meeting of political parties convened by the state government last month because when the party demanded to discuss the appointment. They don't bring up the discussion on the Roster System which is just a joke.
At this conference, after a thorough discussion on the issues of the indigenous peoples of the North East, a forum was established called the North East Forum for Indigenous. People (NEFIP).
When inquired about the cost of construction, many of them said that the cost is not less than 5000 thousand because they have to buy paint, tins, wood and other necessities.
Shillong, Lber 21: Two candidates for the Lok Sabha election 2014 from Tura seat have filed their nomination papers today. Purno Agitok Sangma filed his nomination papers at 2 pm.
Nartiang Dolloi Hepsing Dhar has been accused of raping a woman in a village under Nartiang Police Station.
Not only in Pamphyrnai, but in all parts of the National Highway Shillong-Nongstoiñ, while there are fishing competitions such as in Kynshi and other areas, the traffic jam lasts for many hours.
These are the powers of God to gather them from all over the world.
“As soon as he ate the food, the two supporters from outside, began to calm down, expecting him to bring the food to the field, so that they could eat together, but he didn't calm down at all. you don't eat yourself, until you don't eat yourself," said Line.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYC) on the same day welcomed the players of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) who have returned to their home state after arriving at Mawiong Umjapung. Meghalaya beat Karnataka 3-2 in the final of the Santosh Trophy in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
There were also 30 kinds of diseases.
He said that the ILP is a law to protect against the infiltration of mynder in the state and said that the law does not prohibit them from coming but they have to come by road. and they will have to stay for the number of days they need and not just become illegal residents.
He added that the HYC will not hesitate to move forward and expects many young people to join the HYC through the shatri or leader of the HYC. At the same time, he urged the members and leaders to have that spirit of patriotism and put behind other issues. they have met in their lives, he added.
The price of rice is T.11.77 per kilo and the price of rice is T.12.34 per kilo.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported, but the damage caused by the floods has affected the farmers.
Earlier, the UDP MDC in JHADC, Lakhon Biam, who joined the BJP, admitted that the JHADC has not received the money to pay the salaries of the MDCs and employees for 5-6 months. now.
Mount, who has scored 33 goals in 195 appearances for Chelsea since making his debut in 2019, has missed the end of last season. , due to injuries, with Chelsea also finishing 12th.
Hrithik Roshan has been voted one of the five most handsome men in the world.
However, it is not clear whether he will attend the meeting on Thursday, along with other leaders from various countries including the United Nations. US and Australia.
The State Government will soon complete the details of the implementation of the Ropeway Project in Shillong.
If these are lost, customs and traditions are lost and if culture is lost, culture is lost.
The meeting was conducted by the District President Tito W Chyne who spoke about the current political situation in the party and decided to hold a meeting as a sign of preparation for the 2018 elections. The Adhoc Body of the party will be set up in Mawsynram until the elections in July,
Those who took part in this event were SHGs, Seng Samla Shnong from different villages of Mawlai.
Newspapers announced, “NLCN members arrested”, “NLCN armed group emerges in Khasi Hills”, “New Kaikhlaw group emerges”, “Leaders arrested English newspapers also shouted, “Meghalaya police busts new militant outfit”.
Because only with the cooperation, we will be able to ensure that there will be no more traffic jams on the roads from now on and the traffic of the people will be easier especially during this Christmas season,” said the vice president of the party.
Father Vellankal has been the pastor of St. Isidore Parish in California since
Besides being a hero to take part in the Anglo-Khasi War, she was the weapon with which Tirot Singh's troops killed 32 French soldiers,” said Bah Syiem.
However, the work will start immediately, we will send money to them and the MC will decide how to proceed...they will see whether they want to rebuild as old or change, that is up to them. .
The union expresses its surprise at the non-implementation of these schemes which can be of assistance to the people, the hospital bed fees in these times are very difficult even if the patient dies or recovers, if these assistance reaches to the people will help to share the burden of the people especially those who are low income.
On my part, as a volunteer among the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people, I strongly condemn the FKJGP for threatening me to the point of not recognizing me by saying that I don't consider myself a member of FKJGP. Why don't you respect the old members?
He said that even after the approval of the Governor in 2020, the authorities have not done anything to improve the work, and when the authorities in charge of private universities have asked for a reply, but no satisfactory answer was received from the authorities.
Explaining about the App, Aibor Nongkynrih said that the youth these days lack the understanding to use the Khasi language and have forgotten the characters. Create an App to help young people understand and know the Khasi language.
“The government has no desire to provide fair services to the people, but they have only their own schemes and their aim is only to loot the people,” he said.
Bah Ronnie brought this up during the Question Hour on the fourth day of the Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, we would like to urge those schools which are still reluctant to use buses to think again and allow the buses to run.
I hope that through the consultation we can take a decision,” said Dr Mukul.
Delhi, Naiwieng 24: U Prime Minister Dr. Manmohon Singh for the first time has expressed his concern over the problems and instability in the North East especially the lack of jobs. in the Garo Hills.
“In fact, it is the department where they work that has to provide accommodation,” said the MLA. put and demand from the state government.
At the same time, the President of CMC Laitlum, Bah Charles Marbaniang, also expressed his gratitude to the MLA for accepting their request and who has been with them.
