The DMK, on ​​the other hand, has strongly opposed the education bill and its leader, MK Stalin, has made it clear that the intention of the Indian government is to force the people of the state. , in Hindi and Sanskrit.
The ceremony will be held on the 27th November 2022 at 12:30 pm at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
At the same time, he said the party has demanded that the state government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
The Minister said that the government has given 10 years to the Expert Committee to complete the work, but the Seng said that 10 years is too long. should be completed within six months.
He said that the protest against the erection of signboards is in all the border areas because they want to resolve the border issue, because as it is now, the border has become more and more confused. “It's not like the pillar 1273 is 200 meters above the ground, but now it's on the National Highway,” said Bah Kmen. The BSF troops have taken over the border and now the Bangladeshis have reached the area where the border is located.
Earlier, the MLA also inspected a well at Wahkdait, Mawtawar in the presence of Area Manager J.Rymbai, Mawtawar elders and others.
He said that after the discussions, it was decided to set up a committee headed by Bah DD Lapang, Chief Secretary to the State Government. He said that the state government will continue to consult with the people for the benefit of the people.
As the peace talks continue, we hope for the best; However, if the talks fail, then the leaders should return safely to their workplaces, as per the talks with the government.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Executive Member of MBOSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, to discuss the theft of question papers of Class IX students in Khasi subject and Speaking to reporters, HYC Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the HYC has received information that other questions of other subjects have been missed before the examination. I have answered the question in the Khasi subject.
The Autumn Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on 10th November
Chairman Jersom Shylla said that the committee has already sent a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar. to convene an All Party Meeting and some parties have not accepted the implementation of the Roster System which was held on the 19th of this month.
According to the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights in 1987, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that everyone has the right to freedom of expression it guarantees the right to education and affirms the fact that the eradication of illiteracy requires the cooperation of the whole world.
Only the village leaders of the 14 villages affected by the flood, MDC Umsning Constituency Bah Donkupar Sumer, attended the meeting.
The death today is identified as Nihar A Adhikari, 83, resident of Forest Colony, Shillong.
According to the information received from the relatives, the remains of Bah SD Khongwir will be buried on the 24th of November,
If we say that everyone should become one, there will be confusion,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Nongkrem MLA and President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, is a stupid person. Replying to Conrad's statement that the VPP should look into the position taken on the Reservation Policy, Bah Ardent said, “We are not like the Prime Minister. “We have understood clearly from the first day and we don't need to investigate as sent by the CM”.
In this battle of Tan Bhang, Phang Nein won and it was believed that Kba and Khaw would be good for Nein.
After that, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh explained the principles of the Seng.
The sad thing for Sohra is that even if it gets the district status in Meghalaya, it will be cheated by the MDA Government. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the past few days, has not promised to create the District of Sohra, but has promised that Sohra will be the headquarters of the District. when the government announces.
In the 1990s, Rakesh Tikait left the job and worked with his father, Mahendra Singh Tikait, to protest against the laws of the Indian government at the Red Fort in Delhi.
Up to 8405 schools in the State have participated in the fight against tobacco which damages the environment and human health.
On the sudden death of Bah Rana, he said that this incident raises the question of “Why”, “What is the reason” and many questions arise, which we cannot answer.
It is unfortunate that those who speak Khasi in the Legislative Assembly have not been able to speak fully in Khasi and have mixed it with English because there are modern languages ​​that are not in the language. Khasi culture.
The group of youths met with the Syiem Khynnah of the Hima Sohra, Pa'iem Marremdor Syiem and Minister L Kynta who were inspecting the road maintenance in the Hima. Bangladesh.
The Director also explained to the leaders of the union the problems that the department has not been able to release the salaries of the employees.
The girls go to class from 10 am and come back until 8 pm, the parents don't hesitate to ask where they come from and where they go.
The government, if it has the will, can always curb the excessive increase in school fees.
GST regional dialogue during Middle-East and North Africa (MENA) Climate Week will bring together policymakers and stakeholders to discuss key issues in the region The discussion will be a platform to discuss challenges, challenges, solutions and opportunities to promote climate change mitigation and support for these in related to MENA and also to promote international cooperation.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof. Amarendra Behara, Jt.
There he also received the George V North West Frontier Medal in 1930-3
On the same day at 8:30 pm, there will be a dance competition at the Hall of the Seng Khasi Nonglang and there will also be a prize for the winners.
In April, IIT-Guwahati submitted its report to the Government of Meghalaya.
Although it is not from the same family as other plants that can produce nitrogen, but because it can take food easily from poor soil, this food when it rots this plant it may in turn be the food of the plants that follow it.
Uttar Pradesh Police have arrested 28 persons in connection with the rape of a Class 11 girl in Lalitpur district of the state.
Five countries, including Japan, which came second in 2019, North Korea, China, South Korea, Thailand, Australia and the Philippines, took part in the tournament.
Meanwhile, Bah Process, MLA Mawlai, said in the House that the people of the state are afraid of being repealed under Art 244.
The Synod has its own Constitution and must do so if it feels necessary.
This approval enables the State Government to use the funds allocated for various purposes of the Government throughout the fiscal year 2024-2025 from 1st June, 2024 to October, 2025.
He said that the nearest MCH hospital for the people of Nongstoiñ is at Lawmali, Shillong which is about 100 km away.
Dozens of fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire at around 12.30 pm.
As we can see now, the attendance at schools is no longer meaningful when the schools send to bring these books which most of the poor families cannot afford.
It was also said that any party can send objections after the Election Commission of Pakistan has completed all the requirements.
Nongstoiñ, March 02: The Catholic Church through the Nongstoin Diocese on Sunday launched the Catholic Bible in the Khasi language, which is better than the one published in the Khasi language. year 2006.
In such cases, the government should come forward to pay the compensation of the farmers.
The meeting started in the evening at the State Central Library with a joint meeting after which the leaders went to the Assam House to submit a petition to the Resident Commissioner to bring peace in the border areas.
ISIS militants have kidnapped 700 people, including dozens of women, from a refugee camp in Syria and have reportedly begun killing 40 of them a day. Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
So where will the coal mining industry go? It's over.
Speaking to media, Congress candidate from Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar said that his election campaign this time is not only for the people of Mawlai Constituency but for the state as a whole.
“Drink the tea first.
JOWAI: A meeting of SSA teachers in Thadlaskein Block Unit will be held on the 10th of July 2013 today. The meeting was held at Ummulong Community Hall at 11 am.
The child was arrested by police on Tuesday for violating the rules of driving. .
The HNYF has expressed its regret that this family has been summoned to appear before the village on July 13, 2015 and instead of canceling the decision to evict the village, the executive dorbar has refused to lift the eviction order against the family.
He said he had advised the family members of the former MLA to lodge a complaint against the IO. , said Mr. Kynta.
Shillong, June 29: The UDP MDC from Umsning, Bah Donkupar Sumer, on Tuesday said that the government's delay in accepting the name of the Chief Executive Member (EM) sent by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) it is only a political move by the state government.
“We will not allow this bill to pass, let it happen as it happens,” Gandhi said.
“Understanding the importance of logistics in the future of the country, the Government of India has launched the Logistics Databank Project (LDB) as a digital platform to track goods transportation.
Goyal said that although the Umïam Dam has increased in water levels since the heavy rains, the power outage has not been resolved.
The program was held at Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Center under the theme “Give Blood, Give Plasma, Share Life, Share.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owners of two houses in Umnget village, said that the earthquake occurred at 1 pm last night. There has been a serious damage to these houses in Umnget, because the house where they live has been destroyed, but now it is no longer safe for them to live.
As the Head and I have to look after the welfare of the District, I am sad to see that there are many young people who have to go through many difficulties in life and some of them are short-sighted. In the world, they take half of their lives, whether in the tyllai phasi or in other ways and such things often happen to those young people aged 15 to 29 years.
When asked what the benefits of Ma Tariang's joining the NPP are, Stephanson said it is a great benefit to him as Ma Tariang is an ex-Minister and Ex-Deputy Speaker. he was good at the work of the kingdom.
Young people should always remember that education is essential so that when they learn they can get a decent job and it will bring happiness not only to themselves but also to their families and children. hands of tomorrow and especially to become intelligent leaders in leading the country and the nation.
Amit Shah also promised that the Central Government will take all necessary measures to provide protection to the various ethnic groups in Manipur.
She was arrested and fined for disobeying the police order to leave the area.
Regarding the 15th of this month, u Kñi said that the family members were called back to the scene of the incident and when the police arrived, they brought him back to the scene. area.
Kongthei replied. Lanosha suspected that Bah Deng might have had sex with Kongthei too... But she listened and listened because she had come and didn't feel like running away immediately.
The most important thing to know in cooking this water is to know at what stage or stage the iron should be removed from the fire or to cool the water.
“We have decided to give one day to the government to appoint teachers otherwise the JSM will take strong action and close down the office in Jowai,” said Ribok in a statement.
Regardless of the market situation, the employment of the people, the trade and inheritance, there have been many complaints and complaints from the people.
Speaking to media, Conrad said that the parties that have joined the group have already been allocated ministerial posts.
It is better not to drive during the rainy season especially on flooded roads because if the vehicle breaks down it is difficult to help.
He is indeed a Rangbah who works with a strong spirit and who stands on the foundation to preserve the heritage of the past, by taking and leaving the responsibility to become one of the great leaders. of the Khasi Seng.
Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro on Thursday swore to surrender to a court by not going to his office for eight years, as part of a coupled with his involvement in corruption when it comes to the domestic voting system in the past.
Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture is the only enterprise from India to receive this award this year.
The Minister said the previous implementation plan for Babaleshwara and Tikota was to send about 55 liters of water per day for the residents as they are Village Panchayats.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, in the presence of Principal Secretary GHP Raju, has stressed and assured that this legislation will not affect the supply of beef cattle according to the requirements in the country. The State shall not be affected by the sale or transportation of cows.
Kshama will also travel to Goa after completing her single writing.
Leaders of the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Monday requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action against an unknown person. Ayush Kumar from the list of students who have been selected to study MBBS from the state as he is not a full resident of this village.
The CAG said, “This reply cannot be accepted for the delivery of up to 1.50 lakh dry syrup and 80,370 500 mg tablets because the order has been placed since 31st July 2019 and these drugs have been delivered in November 2019 and November 2019 means after many months from the date of delivery"
Although in politics, in the trade unions, in the civil society, women are allowed to reach the highest rank if they are skilled, the public sphere is held by men in all. sides.
Be careful! Therefore, don't be afraid to speak publicly now.
Shillong: Shillong: The rainfall in Shillong today was 28.8mm, while today, it was heavy.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Steering Committee of Minor Minerals, who have been appointed to fight against the ban on foreign mining by the order of the Meghalaya High Court, issued on 24th November, He will meet with the leading lawyers of the Supreme Court in Delhi today, 29th and 30th November,
However, through this new transmitter launched by the Prime Minister today, information through radio stations can be accessed on Android mobiles and iPhone mobiles everywhere.
Vicino said that people can live in these crematoria for more than a year and they have clean water, clean air and planting areas.
Two Indian gold traders have been arrested in connection with this incident.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) on Tuesday said that the board is awaiting the report of the Urban Development Department on the pricing of vehicles. saw that it was sold at auction.
The main demands of the primary teachers are the exact payment of their monthly salaries, the resumption or continuation of the old age allowance or pension which the government has suspended since 2010 and also to recognize the LP teachers. The teachers carried banners and placards to convey their demands. They started from the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong, then marched to Polo, went up to Hotel Polo Towers Road and City Hut Dhaba and walked behind the Governor's House to return to Pynthorumkhrah. They held a rally and chanted slogans to express their demands.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: In Meghalaya, the state has only 60 MLAs and only 12 Ministers, but has 175 Chairman.
He said that at such meetings, the Deputy Commissioners, they look carefully at the places where these meetings are held whether it is a place where social distancing can be implemented.
He asked me why.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said; “We have already consulted with everyone and the matter is in court.
The new cases include EGH: 22, EJH: 09, EKH: 110, NGH: 45, RBD: 19, SGH: 12, SWGH: 17, SWKH: 11, WGH: 54, WJH: and WKH: 13.
In this match, 7 Wasa won 3-1
The tournament was inaugurated by Agustan Timung, Organizing Secretary KSU JHDU in the presence of Village Secretary Loadstar Nongjngi, Daeimi Liam, President Shilliang Myntang Circle, leaders and members of KSU Thangraiñ Unit and others.
The Pulse Eco-Resort was inaugurated by Bah PS Dkhar DC West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of MS Lahuid Finance Secretary JTES, Phira Lyngdoh, Officer of the Department. world, and friends who love nature, Tei.
Ardent said that the enslavement of the people of the state is not by foreigners, but by the leaders themselves, because they took money during the elections.
The Union has urged the government and the High Level Committee to take action on this recommendation of the Union.
At the same time, the union demanded that these shops or people who sell the team without permission from the law enforcement authorities should be stopped immediately.
Olympic officials have announced that the return of athletes from Russia and Belarus as individual candidates will not be held anywhere. Individual Neutrals, but refused to give a sufficient time for their participation for next year's Olympic Games in Paris.
He recalled that at the time of the incident, the Dorbar Shnong had sent its demands to the Minister of Home Affairs and promised to take action against the family members but till date nothing has been done. .
The KSU urged the state government to immediately resolve the border issue between the two states, Meghalaya and Assam, as it is for this reason that the There has been a clash between the Karbi from Assam and the Khasi in Block II and the emergence of Karbi militants who have taken advantage of the demand for thousands of tyngka per Khasi household in the area.
Police have conducted a search operation to arrest the suspects and recover the money.
There are 1,170 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 552 cases in East Khasi Hills including 15 Armed Forces and 537 civilians, 51 cases in West Khasi Hills District. In South West Khasi Hills, 184 cases including 4 Armed Forces and 180 civilians, 73 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 20 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , in West Garo Hills, 198 cases including 32 Armed Forces and 166 civilians, 5 cases in South Garo Hills, 16 cases in South Garo Hills and 166 cases in East Garo Hills. 52 cases and 16 cases in North Garo Hills district.
She said that the arrested persons have been summoned by the Dorbar Shnong and after investigation they have handed over the illegal drug dealers to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation. .
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 08: The District Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Kong H.Sahkhar, on Tuesday reminded that the improvement of water supply is essential whether it is through the construction of land. This speech was delivered at a public awareness meeting on 'Poshan Vatika' on the methods of water supply and seed distribution. It was held at Mawkyrwat Community Hall.
At the same time, she denied the allegation by Bah Shangpliang that Bah Mawrie has appointed his wife as the General Secretary of the Mahila Morcha.
“When we look back at the situation of the Khasi Pnar people these days, it cannot be said that the intention to exterminate the Khasi Pnar people has begun to spread even among the residents of the villages in "It's a good idea," said Mr. Dmikstar.
If ethnic and religious groups continue to hold power, freedom and democracy in India are in grave danger.
Nongstoin".
of Meghalaya, Department of Textiles.
The union has expressed its regret that the government has not done anything on this issue.
I have also supported many of her works including supporting the LINEAGE BILL which was introduced in the Session of KHADC in 2018 and this can be witnessed in one of the Panel Discussions on NorthEast Live which can also be held at There are times when there are differences of opinion between us on policies or issues, but political activities go their own way.
According to the order of the Government, only employees of Health, Police and Security Forces, pharmacists, light workers, water workers, municipal workers and media workers have been allowed to leave their homes.
When they raise this issue but they don't want to listen and after the answer, they raise this issue again, where will I explain to them,” he said.
Besides, you have a sword in your hand while the land is being occupied by the Assam government, do you have the intention to hold a sword in your hand if you don't want to kill the enemy?
The water in the top was completely covered by the mobile vehicle which had about 10 pounds of water in the top.
In the earlier match between Lumsliar and Lad Mukhla, Lumsliar and Lad Mukhla drew 1-1
The elaka has already sent a letter to the DC of West Jaintia Hills, JHADC, the Meghalaya State Pollution and Environment Board and the Government of India to oppose the closure of the dam. Umngot River for ringing electricity in the state.
Because God is faith.
Kanani said, “There is an ongoing proposal to build houses for all the states so that this project will be successful to become a chain to connect with the body of unity as it was built. This is the story of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
Shillong: Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the government is ready to respond to the High Court on the issue of appointment. The Government has approved the recruitment rules through the Roster System and with the approval of the Roster System, the Minister hopes that the recruitment in the vacant posts will be successful. soon, in the next few days.
If it were not so, I would have told you; for if I go to prepare a place for you, and if I go to prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; , you too can be".
Regarding the meeting of the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam on 30.9.2023 to decide to transfer the Assam and Meghalaya Police and replace them with the CRPF, the Forum does not oppose this decision but urges and suggests to the government not to The CRPF should also be deployed as the CRPF is also dominated by Dkhars and is controlled by the Assam Government by Himanta Biswas Sharma.
“We demand that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui should resign.
The leaders of the Joint Action Committee believed that the Assam government's plan to build this road is a ploy to take over the land of Meghalaya in the border areas.
U Bah Paia B War Nongbri, Assistant Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, on Tuesday visited the team to encourage the players.
Many times they have been robbed of their property and harassed by the District, Municipal or Police authorities.
“Our discussion with Block-1 and Block-2 is that they (Assam Government) should return them to Meghalaya especially the villages where most of the residents are our blood and flesh,” he said. said Mr. Prestone.
Kosovo, who suffered a 1-3 defeat in November 2022 to Slovenia, needed to draw because they had already surpassed it through the ability to score more goals.
On the 20th of this month, the Wildlife Wing of the Forest and Environment Department, received a tip-off that some elephants were being smuggled and arrested at Umling.
Chairman of the Chad Sukra Committee, Ma Shanbor Rymbai said that the Seiñraij Pamraij invites all the villagers, neighboring villages and villages within the Seiñraij Tuber to participate in this event. before you go to sow and plant the seed in your fields.
The government's goal is to strengthen the number of health workers and to provide access to health care even in the most remote areas.
The total number of recoveries yesterday was 12,531 and the number of recoveries today has risen to 12,6
The law should be above all,” said the Commission.
Their fears are well-founded if we look at what happened in Bihar.
I appreciate the youth who ask questions on this policy, but I do not agree with their suggestion that the reservation policy should be based on the population of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
Belgium scored from Lukebakio (12', 55') and Lukaku (58'), while Onana was sent off after receiving two yellow cards.
Speaking at a workshop on Mission Indradhanush in Guwahati on Tuesday, the Director of Regional Resource Center for North East, Dr AC Baishya said that all 201 districts in the country have been approved. choose to come forward for this purpose.
Speaking at the programme, Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K Prasad said that the celebration is part of the National Road Safety Month. For six months, the safety of driving on the roads was observed throughout India.
The death of Sushant Singh Rajput has turned into a drug trafficking case against the late actor.
The protest started in Jowai on the 10th of this month after the Jowai Waheh Chnong Union came out to carry placards to protest against the failure of the Jowai Municipal Board and District Administration to solve the problem of garbage dumping.
“All these are not for politics and to get politicians, as responsible leaders we must ensure to bring peace, protection to the people and unity,” he said.
The BJP MLA was speaking in the Delhi Assembly.
Doctors at AIIMS said trachoma is widespread in 57 countries and India is one of the four countries most affected by the disease.
In the second innings, Hurdles CC, which won the toss, failed to tied first and scored 113 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs with Ricky Stone Nongbet scoring 29 runs. 26 balls and Prem Lama took two wickets for 13 runs in 4 overs.
It may also be recalled that the Congress has admitted that it has won two MDCs of the KHADC, which the media has confirmed that it will get the support of these two MDCs on the day of voting for the CEM election. Shillong, March 6: About 2,000 primary teachers in the state who have not yet scored 45 percent will have to take the examination again next year.
On the allegation that Bah Pala does not hold DISHA meetings in the constituency, Bah Ronnie said that we should understand that in the past 2-3 years, there has been a Covid-19 pandemic and there are many schemes which the Government of India has not released.
It may be recalled that on the night before the end of the night curfew called by the Sengbhalang, the youths of Pynursla village alleged that the OC of Pynursla PS who was arrested had bombed them and threw stones at them. He also threatened that if they are members of the KSU, they will be imprisoned for two or three days.
The purpose of the workshop was also to strengthen public awareness campaigns on RBSK and also to improve the relationship between government departments such as the District School Education Office (Mid-Day Meal), Social Welfare, ICDS and District Resource Center. on Disability Affairs (DRCDA) Civil Hospital Ialong, West Jaintia Hills District.
What is more shocking is that their inclusion of the Reservation Policy in their manifestos is only to mislead and deceive the people who followed them.
Therefore, the Seng Khasi invites the Rangbiria of Bri Hynniewtrep to come and take part in this competition and also to improve the Rongbiria as provided by the Mei-Hukum.
The destruction of clean items is terrible and deserves punishment from the Almighty,” said a statement sent by SAFF Secretary Fr.Richard M.Majaw.
The match between the two teams was very interesting to witness in which they played the ball to each other to score.
The state government has informed the Meghalaya High Court that it does not have the Guidelines, 2023, but the court has said that these guidelines do not say anything else. the construction of houses and others along the rivers.
On the same day at 8:30 pm, there will be a Football Penalty Shoot-out for the men. T.10,000, T.5000 for T.2000 and T.2000 for T.2000 per team. The forms will be available on that day at the ground.
The Principal of Shillong Commerce College, Dr. Sabita Sen, who was the chief guest, encouraged the winners, especially those from Secondary Schools, to improve themselves.
IIM Shillong expressed its gratitude to the delegates for their great contribution.
And we must also be aware of the increasing murder of women.
The Infiltration Check Gates installed by the government are open and this has enabled the authorities not only to enter but also to smuggle in, to live, to work and to get. all the benefits which, only Indians are entitled to.
The average asset of the 12 Ministers of the Nagaland Government is about Rs 10.58 crore.
The Khnai, although a small animal in front of the Khla, has the strength to fight until the Khla is defeated and ends up in death.
He said that he intends to invest more in development projects in Tura.
The union said that this statement of the MR of Assam has fueled the fire and will lead to ethnic differences between the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
Sources from the hospital said that all the tests attempted did not work at all and the powers did not work anymore. The hospital has not yet announced the death of Abdul Kalam, and they waited for a while but after about 10 hours they were able to confirm that Abdul Kalam was dead.
It is to be recalled that these two brothers drowned in the Umshing River on the evening of 4th June
“So now we have turned back and we have to look and decide how to move forward in this regard,” said Conrad.
In the incident, one of the four persons sustained serious injuries to his hand and was rushed to Shillong Hospital, while the other three persons sustained minor injuries. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
He said that the new dome will be built using steel and is expected to arrive this month or next July.
It provides electricity not only for homes, but also for vehicles and factories.
“Together with the Governor, Sh.
The meeting was conducted by the President, Samla Vikram Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Political Secretary, Samla B. Marbaniang, Vice President, Samla Johny Well Wahlang. you went to school B.Dkhar.
JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen and other members visited the Ganesh Das Hospital and met with the Superintendent Medical Officer Dr Wanswett.
In the emergency, Sangma had to walk from Jaiaw Laitdom Road, through St Joseph's School and came out to the traffic jam, which is a one-vehicle road and has been closed to vehicles. I'm from Jaiaw and I'm going to kill all the people.
The girl, named after her late mother, Baby Shayma Sheikh al-Eid, is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in Gaza in Khan Younis.
At the time of writing, heavy rains continue to fall in parts of Riwar area and also in parts of Jaintia Hills, where there have been complaints that the crops have been destroyed. They were destroyed by the cold weather today.
The demand of the Garo groups to set up the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season in Tura also clashes with the demand of the same groups to keep 1972 as the census year in connection with the implementation of the census. the Roster System.
After the end of the match, prizes and cash prizes were awarded to both the losing and winning teams by the Chief Guest Bah FD Ramsiej and the Chief Secretary. u Bah Kitborlang Nongrem.
In this regard, he said that even this time, the Covid-19 pandemic has not ended, but it is still operating even in India.
In the past, when there was no factory, there were many sohtrun farmers but there was not enough market and the price was very low but now with the existence of this factory it can buy at a better price.
“We are very concerned about generating revenue, that's why we have to legalize Online Gaming and we will see how much we can generate revenue because we have to meet the demands of teachers and how. to provide funds for other development projects," the Prime Minister said.
Through the Christian congregation, we can provide assistance.
The KSU also met with the patrolling police in Mukroh and said that there is a shortage of police and security equipment.
These rioters in Parliament can also be the same.
In 2014, the coal was lodged by the Assam union and it has been banned for more than three years. He said that the NGT is not a small authority and perhaps it will be able to exploit the illegal mining in Ribhoi District.
The funeral service was conducted by Rev.JT Khardewsaw and was attended by other Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Elders, Sisters of St. Peter and others.
She said that her brother Hira Mylliempdah sold it on July 8, 2016 to Leequa Mukhim who received the pata on June 26,
Under this Mission, all departments should ensure the separation of waste, and also have Material Recovery Facilities (MRFs) to select the dry waste (including plastic) so that to recycle these or to make useful products, which significantly reduce the amount of plastic waste reaching landfills or rivers and other water bodies.
After the independence of India, our people lived in peace with the Ahoms (Assam).
The UCC is a salonsar law for all citizens of the country and is a law that does not take away from any religion or belief.
He also urged the children that besides studying, they have to work hard in school and they also need to turn their faces to the society.
The fire brigade hours are from 0.00 pm to 3 pm in Garo Hills and Ribhoi.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Chairman Bah Sadon K Blah on Monday said that the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC have gone on the right track.
According to legend, many pharmacists and nurses have tried to control systolic pressure—the rise in two blood pressure measurements—to 140 or less.
He recalled that the ban on registration of names at the DC's office was opposed by the party and protested in 2012, when the government promised to cancel it. Voting shall be held in each village or area so that the persons who shall register to vote shall be the rightful persons, and this shall be recognized by the certification of the Rangbah Shnongs of the various villages.
The Central Government itself is cautious when planning to carry out projects related to nuclear energy.
When Mawphor spoke to several UDP supporters, they said that the reason for their support for the UDP candidate is because they have a love for Bah HDR Lyngdoh. and Maheh.
There is no way or researcher to tell you how safe it is to drink alcohol during pregnancy.
The seized fish were handed over to the Customs Office, Shella for further investigation.
Speaking on the respect for different religions in the country, Kong Shylla said, “We respect any religion, we don't hate any religion but others should also respect. your religion.
They don't steal, they don't steal, They spread like wildfire;They don't violence, they don't destroy,They don't have a place of refuge! ,There is no rule over evil.
These athletes who won medals include:- Martina Blah who won two gold medals in the 45 Kg Kumite (Fight event) for the 16 years and Kata (Form Event).
After talks with the District Administration, the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD has already sent a letter to the Executive Director, State Disaster Management Authority Meghalaya Shillong to inform him of the remaining salary of these victims. The District Home Guard Commandant WJHD has received an estimate of 76,13,283/- tyngka.
Refusing to promise anything, the Minister said, “I speak again and the ASHAs are very important, we don't want to lose them”.
Sanjeev Chettri beat Toshan Singh Nongbet 6-0.6-4 while Gideon D Shira beat Loomdingstone Kharsohnoh 6-1, 6-2
When asked why the Finance Minister of the Government of India does not have the money to contest elections, she replied that the money or the Consolidated Fund of India is not her own money. .
In fact, I am grateful to the Chief Minister for giving me the Ranikor Civil Sub Division and appointing me as the Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board, in the rank of Cabinet Minister.
The party will start to strengthen the party and train leaders who will stay with the party and work for it.
On this occasion, a march was held from Mawdan Iewrynghep, Nongthymmai to Weiking and a meeting was held, a prayer was held. Andrew Jana, Prabhat D.Sawyan and Banteilang Sing Rumnong welcomed the guests.
Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor has alleged that the non-payment of salaries of teachers is due to the lack of attention of the present government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma. “I will definitely raise the issue in the House,” said Bah Witting Mawsor.
The film has grossed Rs 13.41 crore on its opening day and Rs 24.19 crore in the UK, Canada, US and UAE. 3, earned T.137.80, on Sunday after being released on 20th November
The Red Flag Day of the Seng will start from Madan Ïewrynghep, Laitumkhrah at 3 pm followed by a march to Dhankheti where a candlelight vigil will be held as a sign of condolences to the souls of the deceased in Mukroh. Assam Police on the 22nd of this month.
He said the government would repeal the ordinance and would introduce a bill in the Legislative Assembly to empower the Rangbah Shnongs.
How can it be that according to the report, there are 12 covid-19 positive cases and 1 death, while 19 cases have recovered.
Matthew 24:19-21.
The establishment of this health center will greatly assist the families from poor families.
M Muhammed Safnad scored the first goal in the 17th minute. After that, he scored again, but it was not scored because it was offside.
And Jesus lifted up himself, and said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? No one is judging you? If there is any main reason why Jesus was crucified, it was because he stood up to protect the Samaritan woman and others in an age and time when Jewish society treated women with contempt. .
However, according to the information received by the union, many of the temporary appointees have been confirmed and this is against the government's appointment law.
Jesus will deliver you from Satan's hand.
“On the other hand, Bah Shanbor and Lydia's father are now happier because the enemies have fallen into the hands of the law.
The CEM also asked whether the people living in Saitsohpen live in government land or in land owned by themselves. The areas under the British Government include the areas of 25 Sirdirships.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has declared a public holiday on the 18th November 2020 in East Khasi Hills District for the celebration of Unitarian Day.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has strongly condemned the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to ban the mining of coal in the state. country.
A riewblei, who has been accused of raping his own follower, has admitted that he can make a shrieh, a cow and even a lion speak to humans. he will speak in Sanskrit and Tamil.
If a woman can stand on her own feet, she can make a decision for herself and for her children and for the future of her family.
Vehicles are not allowed to enter from Tpeppale to Iawmusiang, nor from Mission Compound to Iawmusiang.
She said that the loss of the items from the museum was discovered after an audit by the CAG. She said that the stolen items may be more than what was found earlier because that research is being conducted on this.
On the other hand, Vennetta Kharsyntiew and her husband, Bah Oristar Jala, said that this allegation against them is not true.
In 2013-14, 8177 households with disabilities were allocated to benefit from the IAY scheme and in Khasi Hills, 5688 households were allocated but only 6 people benefited. .
He said that the police patrolling from Jorabad to Umiam is to check for any robbers who intend to disrupt the movement of the people and who could affect the people. you are at peace.
Because Sunday is not a special day of celebration not only for the Christian Churches but for all the sports and festivals such as football, cricket and other sports or festivals in the country. that of different countries.
Mohammed was arrested after police were searching for those involved in the kidnapping in the past few days.
Shillong: Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem from the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) today nominated a candidate for the post of Chairman of the United Democratic Forum (UDF). has been elected as the new Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) without any election.
Even the KSU has agreed to set a time bound for the HLC/govt to remove the land.
Isn't this something we should know and be careful about? What good is it to go to school, college and university if we don't share this information that affects our health?
Khliehriat, March 09: The East Jaintia Hills District Police on Saturday burnt 1477.76 kilos of Ganja at the Star Cement coal mine in Lumshnong as part of the celebration of Ganja. to 'National Wide Drugs Disposal Day.
Even if it doesn't happen within a year or two, it will happen again after a few years.
He said that the villages which have implemented this idea in the past are the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang and the Dorbar Shnong Panaliar.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sengkmie has condemned the attack on members of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KHAWA) by suspected illegal cow smugglers in Bangladesh on Tuesday night. Ri Bhoi District.
“How can I accept this? From the first day we held the meeting, I made it clear to them that we will have a structure that will suit both sides because now it is not easy to get a place,” he said.
The story goes like this – There was a spy who went around the world to know the state of the world.
Marwei scored 2' 65' &
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the implementation of 46 projects worth Rs 2,500 crore in Karbi Anglong district.
If the Election Commission of India implements such rules, the political market will become more cold because only those who have passed the Competitive Examination like IAS/ MCS and they have the right to be in charge of public works and a high salary does not matter.
The union in a meeting with the district chief promised to take action by investigating the matter and removing them if necessary.
In this regard, a letter was sent to the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyndoh through the officer of the department in North Garo Hills.
The worldwide spread of corruption will not lead the country to goodness and cleanliness.
The Meghalaya government has also provided helicopter services from Shillong to Guwahati three times a day.
There was also a Free Medical Camp and Health Screening by health workers and registration in Ayushman Bharat-Prime Minister Jan Arogya Yogana, LPG Gas, and others.
About 20 years ago, election campaigners did not pay much attention to the issue of money laundering or election campaigns.
Previously, Akashvanika has hosted various programs as the world's largest producer.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills has issued an order to allow shops recognized by the government to open from 8 am to 8 pm in the city. Shillong and surrounding areas except for shops under Iewduh and Khyndailad.
He said that through this Tribal Artisans Mela, they will also be able to select some of the participants and help them to sell their products abroad. TRIFED Tribal Affairs will provide training to them on how to improve their skills to produce their agricultural products in a more efficient manner.
The excessive wisdom of this age has led to the wrong not only in the way of thinking but also in terms of morality and dignity.
It is not self defense or encounter like the police.
The KJP Girls' High School celebrated its 100th anniversary in 1992 and in 1999, it was upgraded to Higher Secondary School.
According to another source, 18 domestic flights and one foreign flight have had to be diverted to other airports.
At this meeting, various schemes implemented in the state were discussed.
The meeting was accompanied by the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Nongkrem MLA and President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, said that he will not leave the area to return home after the government promised to appoint an expert. committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Through this place, environmentally friendly facilities will be constructed which will attract tourists and after visiting from Krangshuri, Shnongpdeng and other places they will come to visit Myrkeiñ,” he said. and Madonna Rymbai.
"It's better to lose than to lose," said Peter. "You've been waiting for a long time, my son, maybe within this year," said the mother.
The state government and the Indian Army have helped us a lot.
When the MLA came to the villages instead of expressing his grievances, the people welcomed and respected him.
Jowai, June 10: A man has been killed by another friend inside the house of Meghalaya,” said a statement from the MDC. his mother after the friend came to visit and an argument broke out between the two.
Nongpoh, Nailar 26: The Catholic Church in Jyntru, Ri-Bhoi district, is one of the churches located near the Four Lane Road, which is also in danger these days, due to the continuous construction of The landslide nearby, due to the construction of the highway company and the fact that the ground is very shallow in the area which could collapse on any day.
Ali goes to school himself and enjoys playing and studying until 6 pm and after 6 pm he teaches others.
He said that the union is surprised to find that there are children under the age of 18 years who are working in the area, in violation of the laws of the Meghalaya government.
Luke 12:31.
“The implementation of this Council means that the government has recognized us Khasi Jaintia to have our own decisions for the development of the country,” said the Chairman of the Council.
Jowai, Nailar 16: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today kicked off the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. The tournament is part of the 50th Anniversary of the Association.
The 38 languages ​​on the list include Khasi, English, Banjara, Bazika, Bhojpuri, Bhoti, Bhotia, Bundelkhandi, Chhattisgarhi, Dhatki, English, Garhwali (Pahari), Gondi. , Gujjar or Gujjari, Ho, Kaachachhi, Kamtapuri, Karbi, Kodava (Coorg), Kok Barak, Kumaoni (Hill) and Kurak.
When Ardent brought the decision to the House in 2015, Paul, who took part in the debate, said that Article 371 is like a double-edged sword. if wrong use it.
The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has said that there is a serious problem in the implementation of the SNP program of ICDS. The state of Assam has approved this.
The Minister stressed on the need to improve health services by opening up more access to locally manufactured medicines and improving antenatal care along with giving birth in health facilities.
During his visit, Bah Banteidor inspected the Aganwadi Center which needs to be improved and consulted with the villagers to bring in cable car ropeways to go up and down as the village has not yet passed the road.
As school children, we should not set ourselves only to pass, but to aim for higher grades so that they can be more successful in their studies at higher grades.
They seek and seek salvation but they cannot find it because their eyes have been blinded not to see and their ears not to hear until now.
These trucks were arrested for violating the Supreme Court order in
Dr Batskhem also expressed his dissatisfaction with the working methods of the MDA 2.0 government in relation to the mining of mineral resources in the state.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 01: The Village Council of 18 Mile under Ranikor Civil Sub Division, South West Khasi Hills District together with the Seng Longkmie has come out to clean up the streams around the village. and also the pools of water.
Nineteen members of HANM including President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani were arrested today during the celebration of the 5th Anniversary of HANM held at Mawkasiang on charges of involvement in the formation of confusion these days.
The speaker walked for more than 3 kilometers to visit the Lawkyntang led by the Head of the Kur Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
The Commission will recommend the distribution of funds to the 10 ADCSs and Village and Municipal Councils in the Sixth Schedule areas.
Shah was speaking at a public meeting in Kathal, Haryana on Tuesday.
“I congratulate all the 30 MDCs especially from the opposition who have entrusted me as the new Chairman of KHADC and I am confident that I will serve the District Council properly for the benefit of the people of the state,” he said. said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
The visit to her house that day confirmed that,” said the son with a smile. “Hope for a better future,” said the mother. "I don't know, the Lord will help you," said the young pastor. "It's good that our family should prepare for it. “It's enough, my mother agrees,” said the son. “But wait, I'll tell your father.” “It's not right for you to delay, mother,” said the son.
The presence of these delegates and their contribution to the tree planting program has strengthened the relationship between IIM Shillong and the community.
To change the language or change the jutang is not only a change of language and jutang right but it is also a life and death and it will also affect their future, their family if they with shisha like that.
On the other hand, Ms. B.Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, District Mental Health Program (DMHP) delivered the welcome speech and explained the theme of the program which is “Make Mental Health and Wellbeing for All”. global priority" means, "to promote the health and mental well-being of the whole world as necessary or ahead of others"
Ri Bhoi also won one silver and two bronze medals while East Khasi Hills won three bronze medals.
Besides, these leaders during the meeting with the CEM of KHADC and Syiem of Mylliem Hima also complained that some Garo Rangbah Shnongs are still using the seal and the letter Head Rangabh Shnong. The office of the Syiem and the Hima Dorbar of Mylliem through the letter No.MS/V-15/2023/804-13 dated 16/05/2
Marak said the government has not hesitated to achieve the target within the stipulated time.
At the UDP Mawhati ticket announcement meeting for Bah Donbok Khymdeit as the candidate for the 2018 election, speeches were also heard from the supporters of the UDP and supporters of others. The party has nominated Bah Donbok Khymdeit as the No. 1 candidate for the Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong: The FTCCM has expressed its gratitude to the DC West Jaintia Hills District and the SDO Civil Amlarem, Abhilash Baranwal, for listening to the request of the Foreign Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FTCCM). The government has decided to reopen the border trade between Bangladesh and India through the Dawki Land Custom Station today.
“We have urged to hold a race and a police examination in Jaintia Hills as this will make it easier for the youth of the area who find it difficult to come to Shillong.
Under PM SVANidhi, 35 lakh street vendors in the country have received financial assistance.
+919856532937.
We also thank the PHE Department, which has provided drinking water, as well as the PWD Department, which has provided the road according to its ability although it cannot reach the village, we also thank it. police department which has been involved with us in driving the vehicles.
Through this, the government wants to restore the jobs that the Garo have not been able to enter since 1972 and this has been a great loss to the youth job seekers of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The school building has received assistance from the government through past and present leaders from the education department.
The Panthers also played well in the tied category, scoring 42 runs for the loss of only one wicket in three overs and needing nine runs in one over.
Another student, Wansame Pakyntein, who is studying at Sri Chaitanya Junior College, has scored 90.21% with distinction in four subjects including English, French, Zoology and Botany.
Earlier, the highest number of people at the consecration was four at the consecration ceremony held in 2018 at the same place – in the grounds of the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians.
During the meeting with the Minister, Bah Marwein said that he has promised to find ways to fulfill these pending demands.
“If as Christians we are godly and we understand the power of godliness, without doubt all the evil in this world will disappear in 10 minutes,” said the Pastor.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, said that the preparation for the Behdieñkhlam festival this year is a preparation that goes hand in hand with the judgment of the gods and kings.
The Minister praised the efforts of the Government of Meghalaya in the project it has launched to rehabilitate water wells and water use.
Shillong: U Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya today urged the Government of India to introduce new policies for the benefit of the state.
The power of dialogue and bloodless struggle is the path that has brought the country to independence for 75 years.
The five persons had entered the Tripura border with the intention of going to Jammu.
In the past, the residents of Umsalait Iooksi area were allowed to cross the river only during the rainy season (See the picture above).
Shillong: "There are not many beautiful young women from Meghalaya who have participated in the Miss Femina Miss India pageant. Speaking at the ceremony, the MCIC of the 19th South Shillong Constituency together with the Dorbar Shnong Laban expressed their pride in Gargee for being elected to lead the 19th South Shillong Constituency. Miss India 2022 Miss Femina pageant.
If the government does not want to make public the report witnessed by 12 witnesses and in the hearing of more than 20 complaints, it shows clearly that the state government wants to hide the facts,” said Bah Dundee.
Let’s compare a little.
The Khasi people are one of the unique peoples in which we take the matrilineal system.
Recognizing the need to raise awareness among consumers, the Department of Consumer Affairs (DoCA) has conducted training campaigns across the country known as “Jago Grahak Jago”.
“It will depend on the decision of the people whether in 2023 we will contest from the Congress or not. If the supporters feel that it is no longer useful to contest from the Congress, we will see. “We will continue to stand with the Congress and this will not only be for me but for everyone,” said Bah Marbaniang.
At 1:30 pm, Rev. GPL Gadew, in the presence of MP Vincent Pala, Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, Symbud Prime Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong and other Ministers, strongly criticized the authorities, leaders and the people as voters.
He had another brother named David Roy.
However, Rev G Angel Jones understands that we are one country and one nation.
Police have registered a case under Section 3(a)/4 of the POCSO Act.
The government's expenditure for the distribution of foodgrains at the lowest price will amount to T.3.28 crore per month and the state government will have to pay 25% from its own budget while the rest will be paid by the central government.
While her appearance shows that she should be polite, to maintain her manners, whether in speaking or walking.
Kharshiing said the MSCW should assist the family members of Victoria to get a post mortem report and investigation.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 8: Smoking cigarettes in public places such as market places, shops, restaurants, hotels, in passenger vehicles, has been illegal for a long time.
This has clearly shown their joint support for Ukraine in the midst of its war with Russia.
Maharashtra Housing Minister Jitendra Awhad has tested positive for Covid-19 and Awhad, the NCP leader in the state, has tested positive for Covid-1
“Before I registered, some people telephoned me and told me that I should cancel my registration and threatened me that I should cancel my registration if I wanted to live in the world, but I was not afraid of that. “I don't fear God, I don't fear man,” said Bah Sunida.
Two matches were completed today as in the past.
“After Narendra Modi was re-elected as the Prime Minister of India in 2019, he stressed the need to resolve the border dispute between the states in the North East. Union Home Minister Amit Shah has taken the responsibility to meet with the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to move forward with the border settlement,” said Ernest.
Shillong, July 11: U Edwin Lyngdoh Mawphlang, alias Bobby, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar, who sells fish in the market, has died at NEIGRHIMS Hospital after being shot dead by robbers at NEIGRHIMS Hospital. tympew language in Judah.
But the Lord does not unite the unbeliever, the unrepentant (Acts 2:37) and the unbaptized (I Cor. 12:13) or baptized (Acts 2:41, 47).
RAFA leaders said, “We have compared with government employees who cannot go to the hills to farm like the farmers who used to earn a living in agriculture. task.
Even if we look at these days, we can admit that it is true that there is a shortage of jobs, but we cannot say that there are still many jobs that have to be filled by foreigners.
He said that Dr Donkupar Roy, who passed away after winning nine terms, has been able to work but there are still many things that he has not been able to complete.
Chiehruphi scored the first goal through Defender Pajat in the 47th minute.
Shillong: Shillong: Rainfall continues to fall in places for the second day.
The arrest of u Rangbah, happened at 8 pm this morning at Umsning, after receiving a tip from the Ri Bhoi Police. They arrested a man who was trying to smuggle drugs to Shillong. When they raided Umsning, they arrested him.
Replying to Bah Pala's remarks, the former Umroi MLA said, “If Bah Pala has proposed that, we will see because if the incumbent MP sees that there is a the better candidate doesn't have any problems.
Total Positive Cases: 3427Active: 2641Discharged: 774Deaths: 5ASSAMTotal Positive: 2397Active: 1843Discharged: 547MigratedTotal3:4MEsiDAGHage: : 13Death: 1MANIPURTotal Positive: 124Active: 86Discharged: 38MIZORAMTotal Positive: 24Active: 23Discharged: 1NAGALANDTotal Positive: 108Active: 107Discharged: 1TRIPURATotal Positive: 694Active: 518Posicharged: 173Transferred Out: 3ARUNACHAGE:TosiKHALT4IMActive: 3Positive tive: 7Four more tested positive todayActive: 7.
Brolding Nongsiej in his speech said that Eastern West Khasi Hills is a new district and the people should not expect too much from this district as it still has to go through many challenges.
In the first leg, Jason Kyndait scored the goals in the 22nd minute, Chelangki Shylla in the 26th minute and Alwin. Rymbai scored in the 27th and 45th minutes, Dachanmitre Dkhar in the 30th and 58th minutes, Bantowin Shylla in the 37th and Kevinson Thubru in the 57th minute.
Balakyntiew Ranee, MCS, Shillong, has been promoted and appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
This year, the number of participants has increased to more than 300 participants including youth and adults who have taken part and completed the race.
Six deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 04, Ri Bhoi and South West Khasi Hills respectively.
The most attractive aspects in terms of food and drink are the availability of breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets where there are beautiful kitchens where diners can see the , which has been designed according to the present era and this has increased the quality of food and drink.
If we ask parents why they send their children to school? Their answer was that they would be happy for ten days to escape the rain, the wind and so on.
During the raid, there was a heavy fighting between unidentified persons in which the South Garo Hills Police and SF-10 Police turned back and after this these people were killed. he fled from this place.
We have had a state for 48 years; However, when we look, we see that they are not developing, they are still standing, while if we look a little bit at the streets of Shillong, we see that our people are still lyngkrang in many ways.
“For a few months, the Executive Committee has been working hard to pay the salary.
On the other hand, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Umsawli, Bah Rimuliang, said that this is not the first time that the Assam police have attacked the area. on the other hand, they came to join the Shnong.
The idea of ​​closing the dam clearly states that no resident can leave the village and no one can enter the village because of the corona virus.
He explained that according to the 2001 census, 42% of the youth are aged 13 to 16 years old and it is considered that young people are aged 13 to 35 years old. generally at least youth constitute about 70% of the population, and here it clearly shows that if as youth stand on a firm foundation to dedicate body and soul to work for the society there will be no any problem for them.
If you send your children to sell alumuri in front of your friends or in Phan Nonglait Park ! They say, "Shish, it's a stupid mother who sends you a shameful job," but the mothers stand alone, after a month come two more and so on. Travellers don't have to worry, they can send their children to school abroad and they can build houses in their own village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya's Got Talent (MGT) competition organized by the Meghalaya Talent Search Organization (MGT) has started at Pynursla on 1st July, Mawkyrwat on 4th July, Mairang on 6th July and Mairang on July Dawki this month.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) led by its President, Bah Louis Dohtdong, on Tuesday said that they will suspend their visit to the office of the Khasi National Youth Movement (HNYM). The Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has demanded the removal of Ainam Manik Syiem as the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the removal of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Kent Singh Syiemiong. The HNYM has spoken to the EM of the Elaka and he has urged the HNYM to stay for a while, according to a letter received by the HNYM on 16th July
The SP of South Garo Hills, Davies R Marak, said that the Naga was released this morning.
At this meeting, Bah Nujor also suggested to set up a Special Committee for the 2024 MP Election.
New Delhi, Nailar 14: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will announce his Independence Day speech tomorrow to provide bank deposits to the 15 crore poor people in the country. there will be an allocation of Rs 5,000 per person and then a compensation, in case of sudden death, of Rs 1 lakh each.
It is to be recalled that those who went to Khanapara also escaped without any injury.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that on Tuesday, the farmers of Lapangap who have fields in Nongjrong have gone to harvest the ripe rice.
When asked how the BJP can form a government when it doesn't have a single MLA, Himanta said many states where the BJP has zero MLAs don't have MLAs like Manipur. Chess will be successful in Meghalaya as well.
This illegal quarrying has caused damage to the road and has also caused danger to the residents and passers-by.
He said that although the state government has provided roads and police outposts in the area, he is still very sad because the state government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma has not provided roads and police outposts. I don't want to lose my life in 2010 with these roads and outposts.
The border with Bangladesh has been closed and now it is closed with the Assam border.
US troops left Kabul airport and as soon as US troops left, Taliban militants boarded the plane and as soon as they entered, they seized a Chinook helicopter, which was carrying a Chinook helicopter. abandoned by the United States, at the airport in Kabul.
Therefore, in this regard, the party together with the group of farmers will not hesitate, but will fight firmly whether it is for the KHADC or the Hima Mylliem, said Bah Dundee C.Khongsit.
Rody Shangpliang, who is the leader of the party from Mawsynram constituency, said that from today, all the supporters of HM Shangpliang, will work hard to strengthen the party in the constituency.
Others who took part in the meeting included the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy and Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Speaking on the NPP's statement that the promise to help women and youth is just a trick of the TMC and that if this scheme is implemented, the state will have to be sold, “Kito ki “It's just an accusation of your selfishness because we the TMC will not auction you the state like the NPP has done by selling the border areas to Assam,” he said. .
In the second match, Maitshaphrang FC (Jaintia Hills) beat Triple-L (Laitlum) 3-1
According to the law, a party to elect the opposition leader must have at least 10 MLAs in a house of 60 members.
Suddenly the body.
According to sources, up to 20 cows died suddenly from an unknown disease in Pynthorumkhrah, Shillong last month. The State Government through the Department of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, has confirmed the spread of LSD in cattle in Khasi Hills after being tested by the National Institute of High Security. Animal Disease (NIHSAD), Bhopal.
We hope that all these things will end after we get a new government in
It is worth mentioning that this demand of the union has come even after the State Government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have already ended the issue of uranium mining in Meghalaya since these years.
Avinash Rai was the top scorer of the match, scoring a century by scoring 150 off 108 balls in an innings including 24 fours. and seven sixes.
“Tomorrow it's still enough to cook,” said the mother and covered the khiew ja khliew jhur.
Shillong: Following the news that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has disappeared, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has made an attempt to revive the group. , Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday, said that he will convene a meeting to consider whether this news is true or not.
The Lamphang said that the design of the House has been awarded to a Design Associate from Noida, New Delhi.
Referring to her ability to set a new record in the current tournament, the report said that the player has achieved this feat on the opening day of the New Year's Eve. The South Wales Meet at the Sydney Olympic Park Aquatic Center, which is also the venue for the 2,000 Olympic swimming events.
Shillong: The General Meeting of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) will be held on Friday, September 3, 2020 at Umshyrpi College Auditorium. Most Rev Dr P Lyngdoh, President SAFF and Naba said that the meeting will be held at 4 pm to discuss issues related to Covid-19 and worship in churches or places of worship. Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that 73 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state. The total number of cases was 1,2
The JTTA and the vendors in the open stalls or market stalls have expressed their concern to accept the price hike.
Cycling is not only for the sake of exercise but it is one of the most valuable parts of the body, strengthens the body and protects against many diseases. to avoid being overcome by bad habits especially for the youth who have begun to become addicted to alcoholic beverages such as drugs and others.
She said that in fact they should not go to the media to complain because their place of complaint is with the tender committee.
He said the BJP is still silent on this.
So far, it has been learned that there are about 10 households who have not received this money, said Bah Disparsing.
In another match, Khonglah Amsohtai beat Nongtyngur 1-0 with the goal scored by Bargain Pohlong.
As the villages, we have many requests to the government to turn its attention to these villages especially the announcement of the government as a beautiful tourist destination.
“I can tell you the truth, that in the years that followed, we have not been able to use our own ideas properly in the implementation and service of the state. “There should be no obstacle to us properly using the role that God has given us and therefore, we need to look at another way,” he said.
In the women's category, Pahi Kept came first, Sabina Rai came second and Sangria Terrapin came third.
The meeting was conducted by Miss Bhasimai Syiem, and before the meeting started, she offered prayers.
The Members of this new Committee are representatives of all political parties in the State.
A few days ago, this reporter witnessed that in many villages in Khapsor, announcements have been placed in shops and grocery stores that all residents should register themselves to get Aadhaar number. with a deadline to be completed within a specified day.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that he was selected last year, where he sent a video of his Hindi songs.
The silence on the sale of lights, although not free, is a strong enmity to the rights of those who use them.
Shillong, July 08: The Spokesperson of the State Government, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the State Government has no right to interfere with the independent functioning of the Lokayukta. .
The Harijan Panchayat Committee in a meeting convened by the state government said that they are ready to move out of Them-metor if the government does not. 200 square meters of land for 342 households in addition to the construction fee.
When it comes to the khadar governance, whether it is the Shnong authorities or the District Council authorities, they are not empowered by the people to be the protectors of the land, the property, but they don't see their duties. as a task assigned to them, but it is so difficult that they have become like unrighteous collectors of wealth.
He also announced that in November, the Mawkynrew Athletics Meet will be held in which all the schools of Mawkynrew area will be able to take part to showcase their talents.
Rymbui also promised that the government will strive to support the police force in all aspects by saying, “When the police force is strong, the society is strong and peaceful”.
The group, accompanied by policemen, searched the vehicle of Saleng and seized it on a road in Gambegre. They conducted a search for the vehicle but could not find anything.
When the result is positive and fruitful, we can say that, we will keep trying to take such a decision more often so that the country and the nation can learn a lesson.
Shillong: Nine policemen from the North Eastern Region have been awarded the Union Home Minister's Medal for Excellence in Investigation this year
There is only one college in South West Khasi Hills.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has said that even if the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is implemented in the state, it will not affect the tourism industry.
A 43-year-old woman has lost her life after being attacked by a man who lived with her in the same apartment building in Brooklyn.
While we are waiting for 2028 and the KSU will celebrate its 50th anniversary? I will try to write something now about the first President of the party, Bah Panbor Tariang.
The British East India Company offered Rajendra Singh to hold the throne only in the Jaintiapur Hima but he refused.
He said that the goal of education is to shape a better life, and said that when we have education we should also have the spirit of love for the country and the nation and set the goal how. to shape the future of our Khasi people, and to live a better life.
“The journalist should investigate and find out the truth before publishing these news, and should not mislead the public,” he added.
He said that some women have expressed that the time has come for women to become leaders in the community affairs according to the passage of time.
The statement said that these RAW personnel used to incite these acts of violence between the villagers and members of the HNLC and did so not only in Bangladesh, but in other countries. also the same.
“The role I play in 'Ka Juk Return' is the role I play as Bollywood tyngshop Shah Rukh Khan, because I am a great fan of him, because of this, I like it and this part reminds me, I think even when I am old, it will be the time that I will remember.
However, in the 67th minute, Cerezo equalized through Sota Kitano but PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma could not save.
“As the owner of the Petrol Pump and Wine Store, I would like to inform you that no one has been infected with the corona virus from our shop,” said Khamtilin Massar.
According to the AITC, the Government's decision to transfer the investigation to IIT-Guwahati instead of IIT Rourkee to investigate the collapse of the round roof is clearly a protection for the contractors. – UPRNNL and Badri Rai & Co to hide the facts without punishing these two contractors.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has launched an indefinite strike following the frequent cheating by the Union of Dewbilat Factories in you are from East Jaintia Hills District.
Those who are heavy-hearted; who cry and do not understand what they are crying for; who pray and have no words to pray and do not know what to pray.
Six people have lost their lives and many have suffered serious injuries, and are still in critical condition at Jowai and Shillong Hospitals.
A few months after the suspension of WFI leader Brij Bhushan Singh, who was accused of assaulting the athletes during the kilanmet programme.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Donkupar Roy said that he had no knowledge of the meeting of the UDP, but he came to the venue with the intention of opening the house. Raidmynsaw Hima School along with the football ground in Langpih village which he built when he was young.
You are hopeful that the percentage will be higher than matriculation because you are doing well.
Belgium have lost to Morocco in the World Cup in Brussels on Saturday night.
He said that the visit of the Union Home Minister may also be for the work of their party, so they should not ask permission to meet him.
All internet websites and social media platforms must comply with the requirements of the Information Technology Act, 2000, the Intermediate Media Ethics Code, 2021 and the ECI No-491/SM/ 2013/Communi cation, on 25th March, 2013, for all political matters in their respective areas.
Imphal, Jymmang 20: The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma today said that the National People's Party (NPP) will contest against all the BJP candidates and will win the most seats. be the leader of the new Government in Manipur.
Guwahati, has been severely affected by the natural disasters caused by the landslide that hit Milan Nagar No.2 of Hengrabari, which swept away rocks from the buildings. mountainous area on Wednesday night.
“He that believeth shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned” John 3:17-1
He said that in the past years when there was a strong demand for the state, he went through the road until he was forced to start holding guns.
“The right position is with the Prime Minister.
Mayralborn said this while talking to media at his residence in Pahamlapong on Tuesday.
Shanly Rympeit, Ibalucky Sad, Deiphibanri Mynsong and L Winren Sujai were among the Khasi singers who took part in the song.
Regarding the loss of these items and all the belongings in these houses, J. Singh said that at present he cannot say how much damage will be caused, because all those involved in the incident the apostate is still in the midst of confusion.
They are very similar to holly flowers in other parts of the world.
The meeting was conducted by Ms. I.Kharduit and was delivered by Ms. JF Balieh, Nursing Superintendent, Shillong. , teachers and students of the School of Nursing Shillong.
Even if the BJP nominates an MP candidate from Tura seat, it will not benefit it but it will only help the Congress, and we believe that this party does not want to get there.
The team will play against Vietnam on July 17, Uzbekistan (June 20) and Japan (June 23) in Group-D. Now it should be pointed out that even if India has recognized the Khasi people in Bangladesh, they are still our own paradoh parasnam.
The MDCs not only demanded that the work should be stopped but also that the ongoing construction should be stopped.
The training started on the 16th of this month and on the last day of the training, the Completion Certificates were distributed to all the trainees by Dwik Lamin DTO East Jaintia Hills District. In the presence of Bud Rimanki Chympa, Executive Director, JSSEE and Village Leaders.
When asked whether there will be any change in the Government, Bah Lyngdoh said he does not understand why that question arises because in him, there is no such thinking.
Meghalaya will send a 14-member team including the gold medalist Tanushree Das Gupta for the NorthEast at the 2018 Olympics.
There were 20 participants in the Phawar and song competition and 18 participants took part in drawing and painting on the walls and writing messages about the cure of TB in 18 different places. different State.
Speaking at the Seng Kut Snem on Saturday in Weiking, Rangbah Kwor said, “If the Khasi people don't have God, they should have disappeared”.
He showed some documents, which were recognized by private groups, but, unfortunately, the health department did not recognize him at all and not only that, he said. At the age of 80 years, he has not received even the pension scheme.
The Pastor said this during a meeting with the MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on the 2nd of this month in the presence of the leaders of the Presbyterian Church Mawlai Nongkwar, elders, women and others. .
At its recent meeting, the party decided to send its full support to the NPP candidate, Conrad K Sangma for the upcoming Lok Sabha mid-term elections from Tura. said the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah Batkupar Wahlang in a statement.
He also urged Bakyrshan not to allow himself to rest, which may come later in his career.
The drama also concluded with a pledge to remove the fear of tuberculosis, to remove any discrimination against those who have tuberculosis, as well as to There is a target to eradicate the disease from India by
“Therefore, we feel and insist that the freedom to take decisions regarding the admission of classes should be in the universities and not in the government,” he said.
And that special talent he has is to sing with a beautiful voice and a strong voice that makes the listeners feel cold.
Shillong, November 16: The Member of Parliament for Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem on Tuesday inaugurated the Lay-By Market at Umdiengpoh Village under Khatarshnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block.
Thousands of Warjri members attended the 25th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri at Thynroit.
The camp included vertical jump, compass drill, 10m ladder run and 20m sprint, while Olsen took part in the distribution of training and information on soccer.
This happened after the HITO found that the Trading License was issued by the KHADC on the NOC issued by the Society of RR Colony which was not signed by the Rangbah Shnong. the Khasi.
N Shylla Project Coordinator HWH SURE, said that the shelter will accommodate patients who have completed their treatment at Sanker or MIMHANS before returning home.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the blast in Khyndailad.
On the occasion, the Chairman of APEDA, Angamuthu stressed on the transformation of the North East into a hub of organic production.
“Blessed and holy is he who has part in the FIRST RESURRECTION.—Revelation 20:6
Rejecting the claim that the ILP will affect the economic growth, Bah Donald asked how much has grown since Meghalaya got its own.
“There was a time when the party didn't give tickets to the MLAs who didn't win, it didn't need the party to do that, there were many better people,” he said.
The mid-term elections from Tura had to be held after the sudden death of MP Purno A Sangma from the NPP last month.
“I focus only on the RDA, this is the first.
The prize money for the winners is Rs 30,000/- with a trophy and the Runner Up with Rs 20,000/- with a trophy.
I don't see the Prime Minister saying anything about the loss of lives in this case and this shows his insensitivity”.
Sadly, farmers and youth in the districts of Jaintia Hills have lost this opportunity.
Yadav, an IAS officer, entered the writing room and ordered everyone to leave the room for violating the curfew. covid and it was seen that he squeezed the writer and squeezed the neck of others who were in the area.
The FIR No. 0183/2023 was registered on 15th June, 2023 at North Lakhimpur PS under sections 120-B, 395, 397, 342,
Voting is the right of every citizen of India who has reached the age of 18 years and above to express his or her decision to participate in the elections of leaders or electors. also a great responsibility, because it depends on each person's decision whether the future is dark or bright, that is, by being wise in choosing leaders who will work for the country and the nation.
In the second innings, Ri-Bhoi scored 138 runs for the loss of all wickets. Gaurav Narleng scored 62 runs for the loss of 56 balls. bowl.
“Although I have a little knowledge of other sports like football, badminton, golf and others, I don't know anything about chess.
The NGEA has informed that it will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to request him to postpone the date of the GHADC elections. until she receives her salary which is still withheld.
Here between the government especially the parts of the GS Road from Matphran down to Khyndailad, it has been seen that there are people sleeping on the balconies of shops and some are sleeping in book boxes at night. Furthermore, these people are getting food from the garbage dump in Motphran and there are also women who carry even a small child to collect food from what has been broken by the people.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Prestone Tyngsong, congratulated and wished Bah Borin Shadap and his family to continue to improve their jobs and the area as a whole. .
He said the party will lead to the development of a Common Development Program (CDP) and to set rules for all members of the ARPA including the CEM and Executive Members (EMs).
In Tripura, the internet shutdown has been in force since 2 pm today.
He urged the people to fight against the exploitation of the exploiters.
In Brazil, the number of cases has risen to 54,771, while in the US, 36,6
The friends and neighbors who were there saw that the lat lat of the Myntdu River was carrying her away and as soon as they reached Thwai, they did not see her again.
“Therefore, I request all those involved to work with us to find ways and means how we can get a place where we can dispose of these garbage,” he added.
The Speaker also congratulated the teachers for their great involvement and responsibility in improving the minds and lives of the children.
Heavily armed troops are reportedly now on the Gaza border and it is estimated that there are about 300,000 Israeli troops on the Israeli-Gaza border.
“We know that there is a Bangladeshi village in this city known as the Bangladeshi Colony.
“The truth cannot be hidden and the government should not be allowed to hide these facts and they should also listen to the demands of the people,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Heavy rainfall across the state, along with heavy rainfall which has lasted for several days, in the city and in the countryside has caused flooding of roads, landslides and landslides. the house.
In the second match, Newhill beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-1
He said that before the members and leaders of the party met with Kong Mary, they had heard the news that she was suffering and as people who face such problems in their daily lives. , and they understand how difficult it is.
These animals, on the other hand, ring to their nests a part of the same rain, and immediately afterwards, as a life-giving activity, they release it into the air from the tor and from the syep ki snep. their flesh.
If they don't run away or if they say they're dead, the body is dead.
President, HYC.
The university authorities allegedly admitted that the girl drank poison and hanged herself inside her dormitory at the university.
The Fire & Emergency Services of Laitumkhrah rushed to the scene on receiving a tip on the incident to extinguish the blaze.
Shillong: The Department of Tourism and Travel Management, Lady Keane College, Shillong, on Tuesday held a training on Guest Relations and Housekeeping Skills at Mawlyngbna Village on 29th October,
, Calcutta.
The NGT members will visit these areas in two months and will also meet with Agnes Kharshiing to get more information from her.
We on behalf of the Seng strongly condemn the government's plan to develop the CHC in Namdong only to get votes during the election but the working methods of the CHC have become like this. PHC”.
However, he said it is regrettable the irresponsibility and irresponsibility of the Assam Government on this incident.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the meeting held on the 26th has decided to set the price of T.5 for a distance of 8 kilometers.
As a nation, we have to think carefully about what it means to love the nation. There is a link between poverty, displacement, migration and rising cost of living.
Furthermore, while Turkey has expressed its desire to compete for one of the years of the tournament in 2028 or
“We have two MLAs. It is a cooperation but the vote share of the party has increased and in the coming years, we will try to win. more than 2 seats".
Referring to the rules set by the UDP, Ardent said that in the District Council there are AD Rules, and when he sits in the post of CEM he cannot act as Vice President of the HSPDP. Ardent, on one of the rules of the UDP, said that he cannot work for his own interest or that of the party, but for the benefit of the ARPA. When asked whether he will attend the meeting as CEM or as a private individual or from the HSPDP, he replied, “I called the meeting as Bah Ardent, Bah Ardent is also the CEM”.
This teaching has taken root in many Protestant and Evangelical Christians and has greatly affected the lives and relationships of others.
In the final match between Sailung Ialong SC and Mukhlaraij SC, both the teams failed to score from the first half to the second half. play for extra time.
The distribution of these food items was led by HANM Women Wing President Bythygrace Dkhar, HANM Vice President Monkini Shylla and others.
The group of former MDCs who received the awards include Handle Mukhim MDC Sohryngkham, Sounderstrong Cajee MDC Mylliem, HF Marngar MDC Parïong, H.N. Phrang S. Warjri MDC from Nongthymmai, JG Rynniaw MDC from Mawshyrut and Edar Nongbri MDC from Nongkrem.
Therefore, he expressed his gratitude to all the participants for their sporting spirit so that their goal will be successful in all aspects.
Taishah Bareh and Kenerous Dkhar scored the goals.
Earlier, HANM had decided that after the MP election, they would have to go back to Delhi for the second time to block the government in Delhi.
As an encouragement to other writers, Phasmon promised to discuss within the council to provide assistance to writers who publish books in Jaintia Hills.
However, it cannot be said that COVID-19 has its benefits as it helps people and the environment.
The JHDS, which runs the FARM Northeast Project, has inaugurated the Phase-IV of the project which will be implemented over the next three years in 12 villages in Namdong. , Thadlaskein and Laskein Block on Tuesday.
Explaining about the work done by Dasakhiatbha, the NPP Mawhati leaders, including Bah Donbok Kharnaior, Secretary of the NPP and Bah RM Mukhim, said that the MLA Mawhati, has been able to PMGSY roads alone have been completed, followed by the road from Umsniang to Sonidan which is about 40KM long, as well as the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai which will connect to Jingkieng. However, the roads to be completed soon, and if we count the roads alone, the allocation has reached more than T.300 crore.
Even the citizens who have that sense of responsibility for the safety of the passengers, can take pictures of the violators and send them to the Police, where the Police will take the necessary action,” said the SP (Traffic). ).
He said that this market was built by his father and the villagers also named it after him.
Nongpoh, November 17: The Karbi Youth of the Catholic Church have held an annual meeting at Marmaiñ in Ri Bhoi district. Karbi Catholic Youth Committee (KYC) Meghalaya today launched the 2022 Youth Tournament at Marmain Village in Ri Bhoi District.
Perhaps the state government will not do anything that will harm them but it will be for their own welfare as fellow citizens of the state.
In the final match, Myrjai beat Nangbah Khloopano 3-0
The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold its General Council on 12th July, 2023 at its headquarters near Shillong College to renew the term of office of the President and other office bearers.
“AHAM would like to remind regarding the need to change Tura as the capital of the state as Tura is the most important city in the state and this demand has already been met. I have also sent a letter to the Governor but the government has not yet responded”.
This protein is also rich in omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, iron, magnesium, phosphorus, and potassium. .
The school was constructed under the CMSDF scheme 2021-22 at a cost of Rs 10 lakh.
Once you have become a servant in your own kingdom, you cannot protect the kingdom from foreign attack not only on your family or your brothers and sisters, but on your village, hills, rivers and all your possessions. A foreigner who has not paid your salary has been arrested by inviting you to work for his company in your country.
In the second half, Panaliar beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 3-0 and Dari Thma scored the third goal in the 7th minute. 28, while scoring the first goal in the 77th minute.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Arphin Marbaniang, Asst.General Secretary FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle. Longkmie of these three villages.
It was also reminded that if the works of various buildings in the area are not going smoothly, the union will have to take additional hours to monitor, said Education Secretary Samla L.Khardewsaw.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sounder said, “It is unacceptable for the Prime Minister to promote to hide the facts.
As soon as Modi turned showkidar, many other leaders including Sarbananda Sonowal, Chief Minister of Assam, Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Child Development, also turned showkidar. I started my name by writing “Chowkidar”.
There was a feeling that it was not appropriate to export to developing countries.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Syiem said that although the term is only 10 months, she has tried to serve according to the authority given to her.
“In other states, the price of agricultural products is set by the farmers but in our country, the price of khar Kaia is set by the farmers. I urge you to unite so that foreign forces cannot take advantage of our farmers,” he said.
He said that one of the main reasons why the party has failed in the past years is because it doesn't have enough leaders. members themselves not to help raise them.
We elect the leaders to be able to assist in the development works and the problems that the village has a reputation to convey to the Government but it ends like that,” said Bah Shullai.
He said that the state government has not yet allocated the land for the construction of the railway line to Khasi Hills.
If you want to go to Nagaland, you have to take the application form and fill it up and you can go to Nagaland.
The CVC report was considered by the Supreme Court and it is understood that the Supreme Court did not agree with the statement regarding the activities of Alok Verma.
“We don't want to impose a dam closure, because it has affected the income of the people so now there will be no dam closure and the government is still monitoring the dam. situation of the epidemic in the state".
Furthermore, this area later became the passing place of the ekjakor or yakjakor.
He said that many projects which he had planned to start to bring about the development of War Jaintia, but all of them have been delayed because no one has taken action to improve the wealth of War Jaintia.
According to Kropha, the attendance at the Secretariat and each Directorate varies and is about 50 percent in total.
However, diseases such as swine fever, swine influenza, foot and mouth disease, pox haemorrhagict-septicaenia, anthrax and others can be prevented by Vaccination at the right time.
Ah! Shillong is your glory.
“After seeing that the DGP's statement was a conspiracy, in fact they (the police) should have stopped and strengthened the police force to prevent the mob from attacking.
As one of the oldest and most prominent leaders of the Seng, he also had the opportunity to deliver a special speech on the occasion of the Seng Kut Snem, the Seng Khasi Kmie. year 2017, in which he gave a truly thoughtful and inspiring speech.
Rev. Dkhar said that this difference among the residents could affect the entire North East if it cannot be controlled.
It is time for all of us to surprise people on this issue, because we are living in these days of the rapid spread of media to spread through social media and affect the nation and the state if the step that we accept to protect our nation in our opinion is right, but others will try to mislead us against our nation with accusations that we hate others.
The newly constructed building will also provide ample space and facilities for the smooth running of the High Court.
On this day, competitions were held to showcase the skills of the children including vertical jump, compass drill, 10 meter and 20 minute run.
Speaking on the Focus and Focus Plus, the Prime Minister said the Government has moved forward to ensure income generation. In terms of agriculture, it is the responsibility of the government to ensure that the program runs for more than 10 years.
In the past 70 years, there have been many challenges to the District Council and there have been many cases where foreigners have appealed to the Supreme Court to dissolve the district but the Court has upheld the existence of the district. council.
During the meeting, the SRSRBD leaders discussed many issues, including the recent order issued by the District Council and the warning to the village leaders not to participate in the political affairs, the excessive cost of land registration, the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam in the second phase, the employment allocation and others.
After the cleaning in many places, Kong Belty said that from now on they will monitor the pollution inside the river and if found they will take action according to the rules of law.
When questioned, they confessed that there were people from Kuliang who led them.
Shillong: As part of the Cabinet On The Move, the Meghalaya Government today held a Cabinet meeting in Jowai.
Shillong, March 12 : Meghalaya, which falls under the Seismic Zone-V, has prepared itself for another earthquake like the one in conducted mock drills in all 12 districts of the State as an example and training on how to prevent the earthquake.
It shall have a Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer.
“The people have believed the lies of the BJP people and these people (BJP) are lying but now they have understood their lies,” he said.
Shillong: The state government has set a target to vaccinate against measles to all more than 13 lakh children in the state from 9 months to 15 years of age.
The NEOG 2022 will start from Friday although the football tournament has already started and is ongoing.
He said it is up to the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to discuss any proposal so that it will be for the benefit of all.
However, on the other hand, this speech is clear, and will set an example to a nation that has only 15 lakh people, to protect its nation, which is in danger, to forget its place. , religion and politics, but let us remember that we are the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong: The North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Science (NEI GRIHMS) today postponed the Nursing Officer Recruitment Common Eligibility Test (NORCET).
There was also the Amrit Sarovar of the Rural Development Department as part of the celebration.
In the Women's 100m backstroke, Krishnali Doley of Assam won the gold medal, Laitonjam Jessica Chanu (01:16.79) of Manipur won the silver medal and Adriza Rani Chetia (01:24.73) won the gold medal. ) of Assam won the Rnong Medal.
Shillong: The North East Dialogue Forum, a group of civil society, religious and women's organizations working in the Eastern Himalayan Region of India, has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi demanding that They called for the immediate arrest of those who assaulted Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma, alleging that the perpetrators were illegal coal miners and truck drivers.
The Organizing Committee has decided to close the road from Laitsohpliah to Mawsmai for three hours for the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon to be held on the 30th of this month.
Blah said that after the Supreme Court issued its decision last month, the Rangbah Shnongs have now been able to work as usual for six months to announce the final decision.
Meghalaya will have to travel to Anand, Gujarat, where the team will play against Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong: Assam Police from West Karbi Anglong district, have been crossing the border with Meghalaya since last month and the Meghalaya authorities are aware of it, but they have not crossed the border properly. Assam is in the state.
If you are thankful, you will have to walk around later.
Rida asked her mother what was written in the letter.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the State has a shortage of about 2000 policemen and soon the second phase of recruitment will follow to fill the vacancies.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday attended the 54th Annual Conference of the Meghalaya Coaches Association. The meeting was held at Jatrakhona, Meghalaya.
The teachers and members of the MC in their speeches expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the HYC for helping this school through these 2 classrooms. blind when they look at this school.
Police also recovered an SBML rifle and gunpowder from the residence of Ajit Rabha.
Since the incident, when Rupang spoke to several residents of the district, they have expressed their deep sorrow, because until this four days have passed. not only in the District, but in the state as a whole, but not one of the people's leaders from the District, has come forward to discuss this issue.
These Longkmie have come out to repair the road, on the grounds that they are concerned about the deterioration of the road, that the government has not turned its attention until these days that the people on the border have not received anything. They had to walk through a dirt road full of snow.
Woodland WK Hospital Jowai has once again held another Pre Christmas Medical Camp under the leadership of Dr. Werlok Kharshiing on 19th November
As the chief guest, Bah Malcolm urged the Khatar Shnong Area Sports Club to work hard despite many challenges so that it will be of benefit to the youth in the area as a whole.
The CS also assured that the government will take many measures to improve the lives of the people.
He said the Government has decided to recruit 3,108 Policemen.
“In the past, the KHADC could have made a land record, but the land record issued by the KHADC is not authoritative and banks or any institution cannot accept it. ".
The family members of the deceased have requested the District authorities to release the body from the post mortem and their request has been accepted and the body has been handed over to the family members for the purpose of completing the rituals. to their bodies.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HRO) Sengkmie has expressed its appreciation to the Minister of Urban Affairs for taking action to look after the pollution caused by the dumping of garbage in Marten. Sniawbhalang Dhar said that nothing has been done by the Dorkar to find ways and means to improve or curb the spread of garbage from Jaintia Hills to Marten.
This was announced at a meeting of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong and the SABDC at the Assam Police BOP in Khanduli on 16th June.
It was produced by Manipuri filmmaker Mayanglambam Romi Meitei, who produced the film Eikhoigi Yum (Manipuri).
After this, we held a meeting and gave them a deadline to leave within ten days.
The Minister also acknowledged the contribution of the fighters for the full state and the leaders, who despite many difficulties, were able to shape the establishment of the MBoSE in 1973, The State is still divided into Assam.
Speaking to reporters, the Union Leader, Bah Josepsh Tynsong, said that the Union has accepted the proposal of the district authorities to end the strike by informing that the State Government has ended the strike. signed a contract with GVK to continue to operate services in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the Secretary in charge of Home Affairs to respond to the measures taken against those involved in corruption in the purchase of vehicles and use of vehicles , whether there is an attempt to seize their property to recover the money.
Speaking on his surprise at the protest, he said, “That was a sudden and inappropriate act.
Dr War said that health workers cannot get infected from hospitals, because hospitals are the safest, but they can get infected when they walk and stand. and that they don’t take action.
During the visit, it was seen that the government has also increased the patrolling by women policemen to prevent any incident from the HITO's visit to these places.
In the next match, Mukhla Raij and 7 Wasa, the match ended in a 0-0 draw and through a penalty, Mukhla won 4-3 .
Nongpoh: There are 329 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, today. recovered from COVID-1
And if the help comes from others, it will be a great blessing to us all in this state.
According to the rules of the PMGSY, the union has requested the government to build roads around the Amlarem civil sub-division and to promote export and import, traders should be allowed to hold meetings between exports and imports in the ICPs of the two countries.
Meghwal also explained the purpose of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, which is to ensure that India can meet its needs or Aatmanirbhar.
However, he said that the government has not accepted the decision of the court and has appealed to the Recovery Suit in Nongpoh. she appealed again and the court ruled Exparte the case and it is still pending before the court.
This alliance between the BJP and the NPP is only a misleading attempt to mislead the people of Meghalaya.
I suffer I just Neibhah of Bunsien doesn't know you.
Both the vehicles were taken to Lumdiengjri Police Station, and after that, the boxes containing the drugs seized from the vehicle (MZ 01 F 7535) were taken to the Additional SP (Crime). restricted with injectable equipment.
Many people in the world accept glory for themselves. 90% for themselves and 10% for God.
Nine athletes selected by the MAA for the coaching camp could not take part in the team as it was the first time that the online registration process was implemented. Their applications were not accepted through the online entry, due to insufficient address given on their birth certificates and due to lack of adhar card.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, these six youths said that it is true that they want to be free from drugs and they said that there are still many more who want to be free from drugs. angnud the change.
The office bearers are President Kitbok Rymbai, Vice-President Kmenlang Suting, General Secretary SS Langi, Asstt.
?"“Shano, I came to the office and there was no one.
“The MPLU has demanded from the Superintendents of Police of East and West Jaintia Hills to immediately arrest the illegal coal vehicles without proper documents.
The allocations for various departments for the year 2015-16 are Education – T.681.88 crore, Roads and Bridges – T.555.20 crore, Community & Rural Development – ​​T.509.90 crore, Health and Family Welfare – T.380.50 crore. crore, Water Supply & Sanitation – T.309.40 crore, Soil & Water Conservation – T.263 crore, NEC Schemes – T.180 crore, Water Resources – T.169.80 crore, Urban Development T.169 crore, Social Welfare – T. 152.30 crore, Agriculture & Horticulture – Rs 147 crore, Tourism – Rs 107 crore, Power – Rs 96 crore, Forest & Environment – ​​Rs 81.30 crore, Commerce and Industries – Rs 70.50 crore, Revenue & Disaster Management –T .60 lakh, Animal Husbandry& Veterinary – T.50.50 crore, Sport & Youth Affairs – T.40.85 crore, Housing – T.43.20 crore, Border Areas Development – ​​T.39.50 crore, Sericulture & Weaving – T.34 crore, Arts Culture – T.30 crore, Labor – T.25.72 crore, Information Technology – T.25.50 crore, Fisheries – T.23 crore, Cooperation – T.14 crore, Transport – T.7.44 crore, Personnel – T.7 crore, Civil Defense & Home Guards – Rs 5.35 crore, District Council – Rs 5.50 crore, Mining & Geology – Rs 5 crore, Prisons – Rs 4.50 crore, Food, Civil Supply & Consumer Affairs – Rs 1.30 crore.
On the allegation that he has provided roads only to the villages with the highest number of votes, Bah Banteidor said that today is the answer to all the allegations.
However, while granting bail to them, the High Court ordered them to pay a bond of T.10,000/- along with the mayor for the same amount.
Speaking to media, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that on 3rd July 2021, he and officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare They have already held a meeting to discuss this issue which could affect the children if it happens.
The residents of Tongseng, Narpuh have always expressed their concern over the deterioration of the road and said that they face many problems especially when there are any urgent works because the traffic jam lasts for many hours. He said that if the road continues to remain like this, it is impossible to know what will happen to the passengers and those who are sick and those who are carrying in ambulances and in vehicles. He also asked why the government has ignored and kept silent for so long without thinking about the people who pass through this road.
LP School to Council DCLP School, replied L.Dkhar EM, adding that there are 4317 DCLP students, 200 teachers and 95 schools.
The first is because Jesus is in the crowd.
With the struggle of the youth, we see that the foreigners are using our Khasi to market the syiar,” said the AMPSRA leader. The Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not investigated the foreign traders who do not have Trading Licence.
He said that the basis for the amendment of the Reservation Policy has many parts, not just one or two, but the points have been included in these eight recommendations.
Ma Sniawbha said that the works done by the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP for the security of the state in the last four and a half years, will be the reason why the people will bring back the country. NPP government in power".
“The Committee has taken some recommendations which we will take when the Chief Minister calls us to the All Party Meeting,” he said. tell here because we want to put for discussion on the table when all the political parties meet".
Speakers included Addl.DSEO Perina Dkhar, TR Chalam, Addl.SDSEO Khliehriat. The program was conducted by Babu Salanbor Kamar, IED Coordinator.
In connection with this incident, police have seized the truck for further investigation.
Schools are places of pride for the future of children and youth.
By the end of the 7th round, Wasa United became the winners of this year's tournament by beating Ladthadlaboh 2-1 Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Nominated MDC O. Lamin, DSO K. Passah, WJDSA office bearers and others.
The complaint strongly opposes the authorization of the state government to restrict the entry and exit of non-residents of Manipur.
In the 1000 years, God will bring joy to Jerusalem ...... it will happen before they call, I will answer, while they are speaking, I will hear"
On the other hand, Lyngdoh congratulated the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, and the senior officers of the Legislative Assembly Secretariat for taking this step to use the National eVidhan Application.
The training you receive is to improve yourself in many areas especially in Communication Skill.
I ask now whether this CM of ours has forgotten about Jaintia Hills District (East & West) because he doesn't have an Adviser from both these districts.
Sanjay Kishan, 22, of Majbat, Udalguri, Assam, drowned on the 2nd of this month at 6:30 pm. but since the day he drowned, his body has been recovered today.
Lambokstar's remarks came after the KSU visited Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit who has been on strike for six days at the Additional Parking Lot to demand that the government should amend or renew the reservation. Policy lane is not allowed.
In this regard, beneficiaries can register for Aadhaar at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat or Post Office. of East Jaintia Hills District at any time during working hours and in accordance with the procedures of these Aadhaar Registration Centres.
Communications.
She has been selected to compete in the Grand Finale of Miss National Pageant India 2019 to be held in Kolkata. 20 May.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of June 2021 at Khliehriat.
Similarly, the state has seen growth in other sectors such as Health, Agriculture, Power, Tourism, Roads and Communication.
This shows that it is all the fault of the mother who doesn't know how to think about her own child and who finds herself only on her mobile phone and which has caused her to lose even her child. not alone.
In another raid, the BSF in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police seized 18,000 kilos of sugar from different parts of the border of Meghalaya.
However, when inquired, the security guard said that the problems caused by the tower in Nongkyndah are due to the lack of electricity and some of the equipment has been damaged for years.
Mani stressed the need to appoint lawyers for the vacant posts so that the work of the Manipur High Court can move forward.
Police said that the villagers who saw him that night, told them that he was very drunk before he disappeared from that night.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District through Samla Ency Chadap. temporary or appointed employees without any public notice in his office.
Mebel Shylla explained that in order for the children to have a healthy body and to have nutrients and vitamins, they need to drink milk. She also promised that the department will do its utmost to deliver milk to schools at a lower price.
He encouraged them to take up the job of farming because farming doesn't require too much time or energy.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that in the past few months, MeECL has been forced to repay the 15-year-old debt within two months. The amount is T.1,300 crore.
“However, the step requires time because even a single comma can change the meaning of this meeting and therefore it needs to be done carefully.
Through the criticism of the department in charge of the expenditure of funds in government departments, it is time to change this way of thinking, because it shows that there are masters. and then there are the slaves, or those who eat the head of the khiew, should go to the above, and the ja ingkhong or the rest, shall be distributed to others who are involved in government affairs and this is the work of the wicked.
After a thorough examination of the injury, the Hima will have to undergo treatment for a timely recovery.
The Government first needs the money and land to build the Secretariat and adequate accommodation.
“Although the government has allowed us to carry 100%, we don't want to do that because petrol is also low and we are having difficulty even to produce fare,” said some of the drivers of commercial vehicles in the area. Laitumkhrah speaking to reporters.
All the farmers of the area who have registered their names affected by the floods are requested to come to the committee.
Teachers face many challenges.
In the 50m butterfly, Banpynsngain Synngwan, Ridaphi Vaichei and Edieson Myrthong were the winners.
The tournament was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Bah David Nongrum, who was also the chief guest, in the presence of the Sordar of Sohryngkham Village, Bah I.Dkhar and other elders of the area. Rev. R. Thabah Pastor Incharge of Sohryngkham Church, Rev. BP Pohsngap President Managing Committee of the school and other church leaders who were invited along with teachers and students.
Accusing the TMC leader and former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma of being a violent leader, he said, “He (Mukul) can join the TMC but he is the same. man, who killed the souls of the wicked.
He said that the donations he has made to the schools in the constituency are often not in vain and therefore he sees and encourages to have cooperation from time to time for the development of the area in all aspects. .
To quell the anger of the protesting Sengbhalang, Dr Mukul Sangma and the government have promised that instead of the Inner Line Permit, the Meghalaya Residential and Safety Act (MRSSA) will be implemented. Entry and Exit points have been set up to check the authorities to prevent their illegal entry into the state.
Therefore, the union also raised the question why only the trucks that have a connection do not have to pay even if they carry over the border, but those who have no connection with the weighbridge have to pay T. 500 to Rs.
The remaining match for Lajong in the I-League will be between Ambernath United and Delhi FC. to qualify for the I-League.
On the same evening, Tapan Malakar of Oakland, who supported the kidnapping, was arrested.
The ceremony was attended by the faithful who filled the church and the church grounds.
Also present on the occasion were the family members of Rupda from her father Riquoma Rq Laloo who is the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, relatives and other invitees. The meeting was held at the Panaliar Village Council Hall.
In this regard, I have lodged an FIR against Graham Lyngdoh, Headman of Tuber Kmaishnong, Hamlen Rymbai, Cheerful Ryngkhlem, Rock Sympli, Nidamon Chullet, Defender Pakam and Sambormi Lyngdoh.
Alcohol is indeed one of the greatest enemies of families and society, but more dangerous than this is drugs that have turned even the United States into one of the countries the poorest in the world, where it is unbelievable to see thousands of homeless people living on the streets of Los Angeles and Philadelphia.
Later, the union also visited the family of Ediltredis Nongsiej and Krik Muslim who have a son who has contracted the disease. Sohpian Nongstoin.
He was then sent to Blessed Joseph Nardini Seminary and stayed in Ummulong until
Therefore, the Zamindars should immediately meet with the Tourism Department.
MeECL has not been able to pay the salaries of its employees in many departments and in the power department. its employees until now, this money that they have spent only for the sake of the wealth of some.
“The lack of visitors from the villages has affected our trade and we have been sitting without selling all day,” said the vendors.
“The dam closure has hampered the implementation of various schemes within the council, but once the dam closure was opened, it started running smoothly,” said Shiwat. Building.
Ram Kumar S, IAS, congratulated all the schools in the state. “I am very pleased to see the strong participation of the students in the educate and encourage the community to avoid the harmful effects of tobacco through public marches, signature campaigns in public places.
When asked, Abhishek said, “we will gather all the teams, we will take their suggestions and views together.
In fact, the Ministry of Education is planning to write a letter to the NIOS for the completion of the training of untrained teachers.
Manipur also strengthened their game with the encouragement of the fans but could not cross the finish line due to the strength of Meghalaya's defenders.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has informed the ration consumers of the district that the AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of November 2023 has been released to all Fair Price Shops. from November 4 to 8, 2023.
Other programs such as songs, dances and tableau performances were conducted by the Department of Information and Public Relations, Social Welfare, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary. , Soil and Water Conservation, Agriculture, Horticulture, Forest and Environment, Fisheries, District Task Force, East Khasi Hills and the Office of the Chief Electoral Officer.
The Minister was accompanied by Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO and former Leader of KSU. The country and the love for the country of this beloved woman who gave up the wealth of the world to save the country.
For those who don't know where Thadnongiaw is located, it is located 38 km from Shillong and about 5 km east of Bhoirymbong along the Kali Road from Bhoirymbong to Mawlasnai.
It is learned that the violence occurred again after the Assam border crossing at Noapara village under the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship.
However, at the same time, the general secretary of the KSU said that if the increase is increased every year, it will affect the people.
“However, Mukul Sangma has accused the central government of not giving money to the state government and this statement of Mukul Sangma should not be foolish,” he added.
The BJP has tried its best to deny these allegations by bringing in prominent leaders from the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, Home Minister, Amit Shah and others, but the party has not. without being able to create the world.
Shillong, Lber 24: Six days before the election to remove the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, today appointed the Lok of the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma. Dikan asked Shira to lead the meeting.
Ha you pray.
In a statement, the President of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem said, “Even the Draft Service Rules for Non-Government Schools has clearly stated that the post of Principal or Vice Principal of Secondary Schools and Higher Schools Secondary Schools do not require Post Graduate graduates but they have issued the word 'preferably', according to the discretion of the SMCs.
It may be recalled that the FKS has sent a petition to recall the earlier article on the ILP and also to request for special protection in the Article in expressing the rights of the Khasi people because The IOA & AA prohibits the laws of India from applying without the approval of the Hima Khasi States and from bringing peace in the Khadar administration within the State especially within the Khasi Hills.
Bah Syiem said he had also spoken to 3.4 lawyers, but they also suggested that he should resign, because it is difficult to protect himself, because he has eaten two lawyers. “However, there is a lawyer, whom I don't want to name, he said sir, there is a ruling of the Supreme Court 1972, in which the Chairman in a The Supreme Court tests whether it is an office of profit to register and that is whether the job is appointed by the government and the government can If you can be fired, who pays the salary? If the government pays the salary, you have to change your name, then I am elected, not appointed by the government, I was appointed by the government. “It's been a long time,” said Bah Syiem.
This shows that you are a person who understands the path especially that you are a servant of God,” said Peter's mother who is married and works as a mother.
The two committees are the Fact Finding Committee (FFC) headed by the Secretary to Health and Family Welfare and the Committee to Investigate the Purchase of Medicines by the Government. to the Ministry of Health.
The death toll in India has risen to 603 so far, with 1,329 new cases and 44 deaths in the past 24 hours.
In 1951, the area of ​​the United Khasi-Jaintia Autonomous District was reduced by removing from it the area of ​​the United Khasi-Jaintia Autonomous District. Block-II was renamed Block-II according to Notification No.TAD/R/31/148 dated 13th April 1951 and merged with Mikir Hills Autonomous District according to Notification No.TAD/R/31/1
In addition to the above, the symptoms of anxiety between adults and children may also differ from sleep deprivation.
Synnah and the opposition Rangiakura fought hard until the fourth round, but in the end Joshi managed to score more points than the Rangiakura of the State.
Furthermore, the union expresses its surprise at the police's use of force in Shillong but while they are reducing and covering up in the border areas.
However, they have not yet repaired the house because they are waiting for the police to come and investigate and look for witnesses.
In fact, they should have arranged their own households first because it is sad to see that out of 21 MLAs, 0 have become 0,” said Titos.
That is why the third temple was built on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
Therefore, we need a person who understands and thinks about the development of the country and the development of the community, the country and the nation as a whole. They are only those who have received money but to sell and lose the development of the village, the constituency that the nation gets later you blame others who are stupid and do not take responsibility to work for the country and the nation man shall dwell in darkness for ever.
Mr. Golden urged all the market visitors and traders from all over the country to follow the rules and regulations of the government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Jowai Civic Awareness Committee (JSC) is one of the civil society organizations that has written against the proposal of M/s Star Cement, Meghalaya Ltd.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : The NPP candidate from Mylliem, Bah Hamlet Dohling, who is also the recently resigned MLA, on Tuesday said that it is those who do not attend church who are trying to mislead and spread rumors that he will ban them. “They say that if Bah Ham wins again, he will not be able to go to church.
Other speakers included Kordor Lamare, who spoke on the theme of Unity, Heiporme Lamare on the theme “Dignity and Family” while Marbiangki Lamare spoke on the theme “ The preservation of Mariang"
On the government's claim that it has collected revenue from petrol, kyiad and others for the purpose of dangle education, but where does that money go and reach,” she asked the state government.
The understanding of the people on this important issue has led thousands of children of Hynniewtrep to realize the need to unite to achieve their demands and rights.
“It doesn't mean that I am against other ethnic groups or that I hate the villagers, but I feel sorry for their very poor condition and way of life.
“The HNLC's announcement to suspend the peace talks is for the government to understand that the key to the peace talks is still there if the government listens to the HNLC's wishes,” he said. and the decision will be up to the government.
Dhar was accompanied by the Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS in the presence of Khroobok Passah, District Sport Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, EMH. Passah, Working President of the West Jaintia District Sport Association (WJDSA), Patrick Lamare, Vice President, Lamat Oo Laloo, General Secretary and other members of the Association.
In those years, the French did not recognize the Khasi, Garo, Karbi, Bodo, Kachari, Tripuri, Koch, Rabha, Lalung and so on because they were happy to be included in the state of Assam.
(4) Meghalaya has experienced a rapid increase in the number of people infected with HIV according to the report of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society.
The GNLA said that the demand for Garoland may be just a dream and a myth to many, but for the GNLA it is a great goal and aspiration which has eliminated the fear of the people. “We believe that we will get Garoland and we know what is needed to strengthen the struggle until we reach the goal,” said the statement.
During the meeting, Major Henry, Security Manager of SBI, Meghalaya promised to provide as much as possible for the demand of the people of Phramer.
He alleged that the government's delay is taking advantage of the opportunity to get votes from those families who are facing difficulties due to the lack of marriage.
Shillong: The Nationalist People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya has denied the allegation by the Congress that the NPP is like a sheep covered with the blood of the BJP. NPP President Dr WR Kharlukhi told reporters that the party has been involved in the attack.
The school administrators discovered the incident the next morning.
However, the failure to dissolve the EC has surprised and raised questions whether these three members who are in the opposition and who left the House are now on which side of the PDF or with the ethnic parties and if These 3 members have joined the PDF, which brings the total number of members of the PDF to
We have also been informed that many of the contractors have been brought from outside the villages where the project has been implemented which has resulted in the loss of skilled workers of the area which has led to the loss of income,” he said. Shillong, Lber 7 : The three day Monolith Festival has started on Friday with the participation of all the Hima within the border. of the Council.
When we search, it is as if we are knocking on a door in order to be able to open it and find what our need is.
Because wealth is time and time is wealth.
Although through the allocation of funds from the government and the donations from the village, the elders and the KSU we have been able to cut the road but we see that it is not enough and we want the government to clean up and allocate funds for the road. to Nongeitser.
Robertjune said that on this day, there will be a rally in all parts of Shillong and to carry dongmusa as a sign to revive the fighting spirit of the people of Bri u. Hynniewtrep.
In the first half, the Mawlai girls managed to score from the start, while the Synroplang girls didn't manage to score. faithful ban shan is protected.
So far, there are 968 cases of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District and many people have died.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Five candidates for the 2013 MLA election in Garo Hills have joined the National People's Party (NPP), former MLA Conrad Sangma announced in an interview with reporters at the party headquarters today. NPP.The five candidates for the MLA election 2013 who have joined the NPP include Ragham A Sangma, MSc, an independent candidate in the 2013 election who came third in the election. Roger Beni A Sangma, an independent candidate from North Tura Constituency in 2013, won only 400 votes. Rongman Ch Marak, MDC candidate in GHADC and Subir M Marak, independent candidate in the 2013 elections, were defeated by Zenith Sangma.
Nongpiur Sports Club won the title by beating Marbaniang Umseiniong 1-0 to win the cash prize of 40,000 tyngka. she won a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka.
We understand that it is a great loss to the residents of Manipur and those from other states who have education and jobs in this state due to the lack of peace and security.
He said that many people spread on social media whatever they get without thinking. Therefore, in human nature there is a feeling of selfishness and therefore the government by banning the internet is trying to prevent this feeling. whether in the state or outside the state.
The Fourth Commandment is – “Thou shalt have no other gods before me” Exodus 20:3, so there is no other God besides Jehovah God, the Creator of heaven and earth and man. .
Speaking on the occasion, BJP leader Ernest Mawrie said that the registration will be online as well as offline.
It is necessary to add more strict words because as it is, the Act gives too much freedom in relation to the only race which causes people to take advantage in many ways.
The CM also said, “Therefore we don’t expect any backlash, so we have to be clear that this is a backlash to what happened and so we are not surprised by what all happened .
The cultivation of these plants in the forests and remote areas is of no use if they cannot protect themselves from wild animals such as dngiem, shrieh which are thieves, destroyers and damage to the forest. rep the riang of the farmer.
Samkhih Rymbai scored the goals for Moosianglamare Old in the 58th minute from the penalty spot, Meshwa Lapasam in the 69th minute and Deilang Syrti in the 81st minute.
“I strongly oppose MUDA to come to Mawlai and the people are also opposed,” he said.
By doing this, the children can stay longer in the nursery.
Speaking on the occasion, the FKJGP leaders urged the students to work harder in their higher education, and the award ceremony is also an encouragement to the students. They will continue their hard work so that one day they will become bright stars and especially as the union expects that among these students there will be those who will lead the state from IAS, IPS and others have different ranks.
" Your name is right.
If the Government really has that righteous and sincere intention, the State Educational Reform Commission should be headed by any Minister of Education.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, today announced that it will hold an award ceremony for the students of the area who are studying inside and outside the state. This is the 12th May Academic Award 2023 of the organization.
Roa Nongtri, Publicity Secretary of the RBYF, Western Zone, said that the reason why the RBYF has protested against the tower is after receiving a complaint from the people, who have expressed their concerns about the tower. Jio network has not been working properly in the area for more than a month and a half and this has caused problems to the residents of the villages in the area. region.
Speaking through the “X” media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Central Government has released the balance of the Post Matric Scholarship and the State Government will soon release the funds to the Post Matric Scholarship. students as much as possible.
In the year 21, T.57,757 crore was withdrawn, according to the report released today.
It doesn't matter if there are those who oppose because I just want to fulfill my duty to show and teach you Khasi brothers before I die.
The HITO Ribhoi District on the 22nd of this month will hold a rally in Ribhoi District to protest against the introduction of gambling activities in the state through casinos.
Dear countrymen, although there are still only a few cases of HIV/AIDS in our state, we have faced so many difficulties and sufferings.
This child is not only able to understand English with Class-1 students.
Shillong, November 06: About 3000 youths who have completed the examination and personal interview for the posts of police officers have demanded that the state government through the Central Recruitment Board should announce the results. which they have been waiting for a long time now.
Former MLA Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh was appointed as the head of the committee.
Regarding the decrease in the number of malaria cases, Dr W.Sutnga, who is in charge of malaria in West Khasi Hills, said that since the residents have received assistance from the government with mosquito nets, nets or musari, to prevent the infection of mosquitoes at night while sleeping, the incidence of malaria has decreased gradually.
The secondary school was built through the RMSA and the beneficiary villages include Psiar, Khatkasla, Mowlaber and 32 Pnar villages under Block-I. He also said that he hopes that the road from Khatkasla to Moojem can be sanctioned through the North Eastern Council scheme.
The earthquake measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale struck Kamrup district of Assam and Shillong at 7:55 am afternoon
In North Garo Hills, 2 cases and all 2 cases are civilians and in West Garo Hills, 3 cases and all 3 cases are BSF personnel. Hills and 3 cases are civilians and one BSF personnel. In Ri Bhoi, 7 cases have recovered of which all 7 cases are civilians and in West Jaintia Hills, one case is civilian.
Bah Linus Khryiem, Rangbah Shnong of Umru, said that the village is surprised after recently seeing that the residents of Umru village are planning to join Assam. The Rangbah Shnong of Umru said that the incident was committed by the Umru village authorities without informing the Umru authorities. turned back the people into the town.
“We have decided to release the list of all the Jait ki Kur Khasi within the boundary of the 5 Districts of Rilum Khasi within the boundary of the Council. All the Kurs should send detailed information to the Council so that their Kurs and Jaits can be included in this list,” said Bah PN Syiem.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President Babu Birbor Riangtem said that the government's failure after many years of training is to destroy their income.
Now the Nepalis are under the rule of Nepal.
He said that the village urges the residents of Mawlongbna to be knowledgeable and respectful and do not commit such acts as alleged.
There are also villages which do not have a road to connect themselves with other big villages.
He said that it is constantly trying to improve the services it provides to the people and this is evident in the first Cabinet of this government which approved the release of T 13,500 crore for FMD and Brucellosis.
On the other hand, the DC promised not to release the gang from the hands of the law and promised to take action to ensure the rights of the family.
Speaking to media, Bah Charlie Johnson Rani, President of UHM, said that as the youth of the UHM, they are encouraged to see that there is an elder like Bah Ardent who has ready to come forward for the cause of the nation especially the youth.
They stayed Jan 2 months.
Don’t grieve your ancestors.
According to Kong MD Syiem, according to the prohibition of the Dorbar Shnong together with the Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla on the ban against the illegal sale of kyaid within the boundaries of the village. , but it was learned that some of the shopkeepers have violated this ban, so in this raid led by the Rangbah Shnong, police have arrested and seized kyaid from these shopkeepers. shops that have done this illegally.
The government has issued the guidelines for the schemes after the hearing before October, 2020,” he said.
The Prime Minister met with Narendra Modi along with Government Ministers and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma, where they also discussed many issues and sought his support.
All participants received medical examination or health testing before and after this dietary modification.
After scoring in all the matches of the SAFF U-17 Championship and the AFC U-17 Asian Cup Qualifiers, the player has continued to develop his career as a player. especially when the whole team is in training matches in Spain and Germany, against junior teams of some of the world's leading clubs such as Atletico de Madrid. , Real Madrid, VFB Stuttgart, FC Augsburg and many more.
“Our work is always about protecting the rights of children.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that 49 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khsi Hills District. 10 people.
“Equality in education means that no child is denied education because of place of residence, class or religion," he said.
“They have been informed that the ZWD, the subordinate office under the GAD, has registered the retired soldiers from Manipur.
The NDA was formed in 1998, he said.
There is no room for blame because only those who do not do the work have time to blame others.
Reports in recent days, especially statements from some UDP leaders, show that the NPP and the UDP have begun to separate after more than four years of cooperation.
One of the leaders of the Voice of the People Party and MLA North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has welcomed the decision of the State Government to relocate 342 families from Them Iew Mawlong to another place.
The purpose of this tournament is to promote sports.
Nus' appointment comes after the North East beat Bengaluru 1-0 on Tuesday.
The Kur Malngiang on Saturday to join hands with the government in the fight against COVID-19, came forward to help the village by donating 5 kilos of rice and flour.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by D. Hujon SDSEO, Nongstoiñ in the presence of Bah RG Momin, MLA Chairman, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency as the Chief Guest. Madam.
Speaking to reporters, Mosklandar Marngar, President of the Association, said that the Association's request for clarification was after some members of the Association from other districts, who were driving vehicles carrying goods through the Shillong-Tura road, who do not know where the revenue gates of the Hima and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council are located.
However, the government which we elect every five years to look after all these issues does not have time and does not see these problems because all the MLAs live in the city and come to the villages only. and he called them.
When contacted by Rupang, Bah Martamlin Pyrbot said, 'I will contest from the UDP.' '.
Earlier, there was a plan from the government to set up a joint venture in which the state government and the company would participate, but it could not be implemented, as the companies found it difficult to do so.
Guwahati: The All Assam Students' Union (AASU) together with 30 other organizations have called a curfew from 5 pm today and will end at 4 pm today. the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
The program was attended by the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Excise Minister, Kyrmen Shylla and others.
However, the public was shocked to see that those foreign players who played against Laban SC today came out with a loud voice to support the team. the whole game.
On the other hand, the family members of the HANM congratulated the HANM for organizing this tournament in memory of Phan Nonglait and hoped that the HANM will continue to hold such a tournament. competition in the years to come.
Ukraine has put the death toll at 15,000, while the US has put the death toll at 7,0
This disease is now one of the biggest threats, what should we do if it happens?
“In the past years, the production of Sohsaw from the area has reached 13,000 tonnes per annum and this time we expect it to increase to 16,000 tonnes,” said the District Horticulture Officer. John Shylla.
This decision was taken after many of the Kurs across the Bri u Hynniewtrep did not write clearly or shortly only Lyngdoh, so that there will be no mistakes or confusion later, the Kurs have accepted this decision. an hour.
The collapse of the UDA EC under the leadership of Bah Teinwell Dkhar MDC of the UDP from Shella constituency will be another milestone in the deterioration of governance in the country.
He said the government will take into account the views of all stakeholders before taking a final decision.
In another match, Madison Keys beat Kaia Kanepi 6-1, 3-6, 6-1 to improve their winning record. in the first half by 35-5.
I would like to say that this issue is very difficult and we should not be quick to say yes we want it or we don't want it.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma was the chief guest and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh was the chief guest.
However, we see that the marriage of our Bhoi people is stronger than in other parts of the Khasi Hills, and we don't see those divorces or those who have children, or Single Parent Family as foreign languages ​​say. .
Chairman KKCNC Chairman Chanlang Pde presented the report while Damehiwot Pde Waheh Shnong Chlliangraij gave a strong message of advice to the children of Ñiamtre.
Roykupar said this at the swearing-in ceremony of the new office bearers of HYC Nongstoiñ Circle for the term 2024-2
On the other hand, the students of the school also performed dances and songs to enrich the programme, along with costume performances by the children of the school.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District today under the leadership of Samla Forwardman Nongrem and Shemphang Nonglang, Vice President, DC South West Khasi Hills District, DC South West Khasi Hills District, to demand compensation to the families of six residents of Mawjai village who were injured in the flooding in the Tihiang River. Warsan Lyngdoh, while they were on their way to Nongstoin market on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
He said that if the allegation of the three people is true why didn't they come to complain to the state government or to the district administration or to the Civil Sub Division? Lat the state.
He also urged the players with words of advice and strength before they leave the district that they should be equal and know the respect and manners whether it is in the language or dress code. He said that temptations can come in many ways but as young people they should be strong in their own culture and show good deeds to others.
Advisors of the All Ribhoi Garo Headmen Association (ARGHA) Nickel R. Marak and Serimina Marak said that they have informed the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma about this. Protest against the appointment of Rangbah Shnong by Garo in the Garo villages in Raid Marwet.
He said that the CrPC has not been introduced in these courts and if it is implemented in the whole state it will have an impact.
Ma Siang Min Lakuna was also elected as General Secretary and Vice President.
Shillong: The Kur Myrboh Mawryngkneng Unit today awarded the honor to Barimika Marboh, who has passed well in the NEHU B.Com Examination 2019 and came in the top 10th position among all the students. .
The three suspects were identified as Abdur Rahim, 35, Md Itajurahamand, 23 and Md Amir Khan, They are all from Lilong.
The infiltration of foreign authorities into the region began in the 1950s with the influx of refugees from East Pakistan after the Partition of India and Pakistan.
Members of the National Youth Volunteers (NYV) today distributed masks to the vendors and drivers in Iawmusiang.
The Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, welcomed the 3000 children and spectators.
The Mawpdang Sports Club Football Tournament 2022 started on the 5th of November and ended on the 14th of November. Sports Club Football Tournament 2022.
Looking at our country, we have experienced a dam closure for 2 months and during these times we have seen the suspension of various activities from the markets, the movement of commercial vehicles, trains, aircraft, manufacturing operations and more.
She said that after 15 days, she will go to Khliehiew to inspect and examine the fish again.
He also explained the working methods of the VDPs, and said that as VDPs they should not violate the rules of the village because the VDPs are the residents of the village but they just They are only those who have been selected by the village to be the people who will work hand in hand with the police department in bringing about the peace and order in the village.
"Not now, but don't worry anymore," said the mother.
Meanwhile, 12 people have died and five are still missing since climbing Mount Everest in
“Ka seng has received information that the district authorities have already handed over the land for the construction of the Umsning Bypass to the NHAI, but the NHAI has not yet decided to start,” said Bah. Expensive.
The Umïam Dam is under closure and MeECL will not be able to supply electricity for a few days.
On the other hand, the EM in charge of Land, Bah Morningstar Mawsor, said that the EC will consider the issue raised by Bah Pyniaid and will seek clarification from the Syiem of Hima Khyrim.
Earlier in Group-A, these teams drew 1-1
“If anything happens to them, the party will not be responsible,” said Bah Marbud.
The total number of cases in Florida has risen to 141,075 and the death toll to 3,419, with 29 deaths on Saturday.
“I am pleased to hear that this school has produced many students who have become leaders and to produce leaders like former Symbud Lamphang of the Lok Sabha Bah GG Swell who passed away and two Ministers. Rangbah including Bah BB Lyngdoh and Dr. Donkupar Roy who passed away and Bah SP Swer who was the first Leader of the Legislative Assembly from Sohra constituency, and others who passed. I'm from this school,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
In the letter, TUR said that according to Chapter XIII of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, it is clear that all Government Employees must declare their salaries and wages.
However, he said that tomorrow or the next day the mluh will reach his shop and urged the people not to be afraid that the price of mluh will increase but the price of mluh will not increase. sold them.
In the fourth time in 2015, the amount of money received was T.33,260 tyngka and T.35,000 tyngka was replenished by the Rupang office and the poor committee and distributed to 7 families. at an expenditure of T.5000 each.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Batosing President HYC Mawkynrew Circle.
She said that she will hold a ceremony to honor the athletes of the state who have taken part in the Santosh Trophy.
Everyone was mad with fear.
The book was launched at a function held in Musniang on Thursday in the presence of Rev Rihok-i-Laloo, Presbyterian Church leaders and friends.
The meeting also decided to request the SDO (Civil) Amlarem to provide temporary parking space for vehicles coming from Bangladesh at the ICP. The Dawki Bridge and trucks carrying mawiong mawlieh are not allowed to park at Dawki Market especially on market days.
The Congress party has won many seats in various provinces of India.
The original certificate of MBOSE is superior to the transfer certificate from other schools.
Why am I like that when I speak in meetings I am always afraid and it makes me mistake because I am afraid.
“God is not a man that he should lie
Through this festival, people from all over the villages and areas came to witness the market of sohtrun from Ri Bhoi, in order to see and taste the These sohtruns are produced by farmers from different villages in Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Perhaps no one has ever thought that from a constituency where people talk about lakhs and crores, a candidate will say, “I will not give money at all”.
Speaking at a public hearing held at Parking Lot Pynursla, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar, urged the people to elect leaders who are wise enough to pass laws and not to speak. the issue of the nation is not the issue of those who have money.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui expressed his hope that the government will be able to overcome many obstacles so that the peace talks with the HNLC will be a success. .
It is interesting to know that in just this month this Revolution has accomplished many things.
Meanwhile, 986 foreigners from Uttar Pradesh, Uttarkhand and Tripura have been stranded in East Jaintia Hills.
Bitarisk Marbaniang, resident of Nongmynsong, came third.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister has already spoken to all the leaders of the political parties in the MDA government to unite and fully support Draupadi in the election to be held on the 18th of this month.
From Kong Thiangmon Pohthmi (husband), children, grandchildren, grandchildren, brothers-in-law and all the family.
S.Kharlyngdoh recently reintroduced Section 144 CrPC for truck drivers, illegal coal transporters, illegal transporters of rnga and timber throughout the district but the trucks continue to operate. to break the law even to this day.
In the women's category, Anisha Das of Assam won the gold medal, Laiphrakpam Rabina Dev of Manipur won the silver medal and Mainsha Choudhury of Manipur won the bronze medal. Rajasthan.
This is to prevent the entry and exit of these areas by setting rules that no people should be allowed to enter these areas and also people from these containment areas should not leave. out.
East Khasi Hills won 69 gold, 50 silver and 53 bronze medals, followed by Ri-Bhoi with 20, 16 and 23 medals, South West Khasi Hills with 12, 9 and 8 and West. Jaintia Hills 16, 12 & 15, West Khasi Hills 8, 19 & 20, East Jaintia Hills 4,4& 3, West Garo Hills 2,9 & 2, North Garo Hills 1,4 & 3, East Garo Hills 0,4 & 2, South Garo Hills 0,1 & 2 and South West Garo won 0 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze medals.
Tongseng Narpuh FC beat Borsora and Sonapyrdi FC beat Lumsohksie in the football tournament organized by the Narpuh District Sports Association (ENSA) at Umkiang on Saturday. .
#kashmirkibeti," she captioned the photo.
Maskut village leaders shot injured, two killed in East and West Jaintia Police are conducting a search operation for the robbers involved in this incident.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said, “After the release of names by the Assam government, about 19 lakh people whose names have not been found have been included in the NRC list. There are still 120 days left to register the names to be included in the list, but we as a state near Assam and Bangladesh cannot take sting or sit idly by because of the difficulties. It is only Assam which is implementing the NRC and if a person who does not find his name has been registered or counted as an Indian citizen if he goes to another state if he brings only the epic If you don't have a driving license, you may be an Indian citizen. This will lead to the problem that we don't have ILPs or laws to prevent the illegal entry of these people. it is a threat to our state.
In the middle of the first half, Amlarem SC opened the scoring through Nikhil Rymbai in the 20th minute but Pdengkarong Utd managed to turn the tide through Diah Lamare of Amlarem. Shaka scored his own goal.
Sangriang said that the loss of money to the people is because in the area, other mobile companies are not working properly.
Those voters who have not yet received EPIC can produce any identity such as valid passport, driving license, service identity card issued by the Central Government Office, Meghalaya or Public Sector. undertaking, public limited companies, passbooks with photos opened in banks, post offices, PAN cards, Smart cards issued by RGI under NPR, MNREGA job cards, Health Insurance Smart Card issued by the Ministry of Your labour, pension payment order is not available, official identity card is not issued to MPs, MLAs, MDCs or ADHAAR card.
The congestion on the roads during the time of going to and from school is too high and we should not blame the government alone.
He said that he will write to the Executive Engineer of PWD Umsning.
Kabul: Nine people were killed in a clash at Kabul airport while trying to flee the country due to severe anxiety. , the Taliban.
Referring to the permission of companies to import foreign workers, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that if companies or contractors find that the youth of the state cannot work in any department. They should inform the Labor Department to find ways and means to bring in foreigners who have trained themselves to work in the jobs that the youth of the state cannot.
In the women's 100m freestyle, Jahnabi Kashyap of Assam won the gold medal in 01:01.51 followed by Darshita Baruah (01:06.96). Dekalu Th Panmei (01:10.65) of Manipur came third.
This money should be used for the construction of roads, schools, electricity supply and hospitals in the Shallang area.
Doang Shira, Publicity Secretary of the ANVC-B, said that the ANVC is still receiving weapons from other rebel groups like the GNLA, UALA and ISI. He said that the ANVC-B has evidence to prove that the ANVC has violated the law. terms based on contracts with the government.
If you are thinking of becoming an MLA for the sake of your friends and yourself, please sit down now.
He said that after two meetings with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Prestone Tynsong, the PITNDPS Act, 1988 has been implemented.
The two arrested were Gohanch Sangma, 36, of Songsak and Cherian Momin, 28, of Tura.
In these incidents, no tragedy occurred but the traffic was disrupted.
The KSU also congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Khliehriat West especially the VDP team of Khliehriat West Village under the leadership of Bah Joshwa Sajem who have worked hard to track down this foreigner who has just arrived to work in the area. Bank.
North : Hoimon Rynjah Zone West : Nilbi Talang Zone This is announced in accordance with Section 11(1) of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 (Act No.30/2013) to everyone connected with this place.
Because of all this, the system has been preparing for the repopulation of the first introduced cheetahs every year.
These are lessons learned and we want to learn locally and take this to other parts of the country so that they too can be environmentally conscious so we can have sustainable tourism bad good ones.
Acharya Azad Shashtri, one of the leaders of the Haryana Gau Rakshak Dal, said in a statement that it is time to act strongly or die altogether. or “do or die situation” and that he called on the youth to start carrying guns.
The election results in three of the four states show the strength of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the country.
This came after they beat Lapalang SC 2-0 on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
The police checkpoint was set up after a clash between the residents of Meghalaya and the Karbi from Assam.
The SSSS has strongly criticized the MDCs of KHADC for not preaching clean governance to the people while the SSSS has strongly criticized the MDCs of KHADC destruction and a terrible smell.
As far as can be understood, prostitution comes from two types of incidents, one is that some of them want to live a happy life in the lust of the flesh and eventually end up in it and others. The other is the burden of life from the abandonment of the father, the children and so on.
There I couldn’t help but scream for help because I felt like I was going to get killed.
A social meeting was held to conduct an inspection on the condition of the airport at Shillong Airport in Umroi, Ri Bhoi District.
Ronnie said that this shows that there is a huge corruption in the illegal mining of coal and billions of rupees have been used by the NPP and those parties in the coalition government. The MDA government has allocated crores of rupees for election campaigning and also to buy candidates from other parties.
When asked about the Reservation Policy, he said, “What is good and necessary to be done for the benefit of many churches should be done”.
“We invite you to join tomorrow in the march from Motphran to the Governor's House at Raj Bhavan,” he said.
Shillong, July 25: Meghalaya Police have conducted heavy patrols across the state to ensure that the celebration of the Republic Day in the state will be smooth and orderly. being attacked by rebel groups or bandits.
Because many do not receive at the right times and many times they are turned away empty-handed due to lack of access.
On the same day, the union also met with the police patrols in the area who reported the shortage of police and security equipment.
Not only the youth, women, parents, but also the school children came to sign to demand that the UDP MLA from Mawphlang Constituency should speak on the demand to improve the Reservation Policy.
Trump was elected by a vote of 230 to 197, with the majority of members of Congress being Democrats.
Launching these vehicles, Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors, said, “Every vehicle is designed to be sturdy and reliable to carry loads and at the same time to ensure safety. that they will be of great benefit to the users as well as the owners of vehicles, and together they will be able to provide services for the further development of the Indian economy.
Thadlaskein C&RD Block has a population of 1,36,835 according to the 2011 census and covers an area of ​​896.60 sq. km.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that 16 vehicles have been released to the tourism operators in the state to transport tourists to the state and for the next five years. , has set a target to release about 500 copies and this will create jobs for the youth.
Please pastor to give us some advice... Regarding these stories of yours.
Claudia said that now the investigation against drug traffickers will be easier as the laboratory tests have been conducted within the IFSL in Shillong.
Hooid, it is time for the people of God to come forward to fight against politics.
On the other hand, he said that the struggle of the party is between good and evil, and the party will have to fight against evil and fraud by alleging that others know only fraud. thank you for leading the people.
This time the Meghalaya Games will be held outside Shillong, in Tura.
He said that since he became an MDC in KHADC he has not received the MDC salary but the controversy has changed his mind.
India, who are in the same group as Myanmar and Bangladesh, are expected to play well to qualify for the next round, while the women's team. the country shall fight as hard as it can to move to another country.
The purpose of the Interdong, organized by the Khlachympa Sports & Cultural Club, is to improve the skills of the youth who have talent in the field of football.
The first moment is the sound of a snur thapbawa in the course of time.
Just be sure to choose responsibly.
The Reservation Policy of the Government is to reserve jobs for the three groups living in the State, the Garo and the Khasi-Jaintia.
This happened last night while she was coming from the field.
Now it is necessary to surprise people to become more aware of the Khasi thought.
He said that according to the information received by the Forum, Assam has already submitted its report to the Meghalaya government, but the Meghalaya government has not done so.
The Chairman said that the meeting was attended by government department officials from Kampohing, PWD, PHE, Transport, Urban Affairs, Agriculture, Power, Water Resources, Soil, Fisheries and others. .
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) West Jaintia Hills District has strongly condemned the police arrest of the people in Sohshrieh.
The blood mark was also seen in Romania, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Ukraine, Poland and Slovakia, while in the United Kingdom, the image was seen. orange and mixed red, on Saturday evening.
There were also 1794 cases of destruction across the state.
This action of the foreigner has put the neighboring shops with him, especially the public, in great danger, because if there is a mistake in the filling of the tyndong lyer, they can explode.
The meeting was conducted by Sordar Bah Kri Tangsong and from Nohwet to Riwai, Mawlynnong, Nongeitniang, Nongkyndah to Nongtyngur. other leaders.
This evening, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar and Dr WR Kharlukhi have met with Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP, to discuss the formation of a new Executive Committee. Khasi District Council.
Indians, they don't need it.
Shillong: U Lamphrang Kharsahnoh will represent NEHU in the All India University Kickboxing (Men) Tournament 2019-2020 to be held at Veer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, Jawpur (UP).
Think carefully for the future of our children and our inheritance.
In a memorandum to the Director of NEIGRIHM, the HYC has warned that it will not accept any proposal to fill these vacancies through those who are not on the waiting list. This was announced in the last meeting with the Director.
Referring to the shortage of doctors in the Department of Anesthesiology, he said that the construction of post doctors at various levels has been completed for more than 40 years and since then the number of patients has increased. In addition to the emergence of new surgical specialties in recent years, the number of doctors has remained unchanged.
They were also informed that the MCCL management together with the local leaders will hold a meeting with the Prime Minister on Monday.
David said that the difference between petrol and electric vehicles is that vehicles that have to fill up with petrol have to spend about T.600 or T.700 per petrol. shisngi and he said that his daily income from using the vehicle to earn money and transport goods is about T.1,5
“We want the Government of Meghalaya to introduce a Recruitment Policy so that there will be no time when the Government will call for a written test within six months. Within 10 or 12 months, the government should announce the resolution and appoint people,” said Bah Thomas.
According to the legend, in the past there used to be such a lot of accusations and conflicts between one group and another.
Two brothers of two foreigners who were killed in Ichamati on Friday while waiting for the post mortem at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, said that they were killed in Ichamati. They learned that the incident started at about 4:00 pm but the death of these two men happened in the evening.
In another order, the Lovely Store at Malki Point and the house of Riat Mawthoh at Riat Bharat, Malki Nongshiliang have been closed down.
Admitting that there were many candidates for the UDP in Garo Hills, Dr. Jemino said they are sad to see that the result is the same.
“There are also adhoc schools which have not been able to appoint new teachers for about a year to fill the vacancies for this reason as there are no teachers who have passed MTET who have applied.
We want it to be comprehensive and inclusive".
In extra time, Meghalaya took the lead again but Nagaland managed to equalize again and the match ended 2-2
Permission has been requested to hold the Shad Pomblang on the 24th and 25th November,
Punjab FC is not the first ISL club he has joined but in 2020 he joined Kerala Blasters on loan. He scored the best goal scorer in the I-League while playing for Shillong Lajong FC in
However, the most shocking thing is the shooting of innocent residents by the Assam Police.
“Yes, sir, you are right, God does these things.
According to the Superintendent of Police, Herman Shylla is involved in the murder of Lang Pale on 17th June,
Earlier, on 2nd July, Amit Shah, 55, said he had tested positive for covid-19 and was admitted to Medanta Hospital. He was admitted to AIIMS and discharged on 31st July
On the other hand, the reports on the JJM Portal show that the implementation of the project in Asikandi has been successful.
“According to the rules, those who have worked for five years and above have been placed in the skilled category, and the salary should be placed according to the government's standards including unskilled, semi-skilled, skilled and highly skilled,” he said. said Nazareth.
It will be the end of the Church that will go through trials and preserve the Word of God to the end of the days, and this refers to the believer who endures to the end, because only he who endures to the end un get light im.
Syntu, as time went by, her son grew up in the rain, in the wind, in the heat of the sun and in the cold of the mother (by the side of his Mother).
Prayer is not just about bringing about a meaningful change in the life of a person or an individual.
The Autonomous State of Meghalaya was born on 2 April 1970 and the Full Fleged State of Meghalaya on 21 January
After searching for land around to build the dorbar hall, the government decided to build it at Mawdiandiang.
Those who were honored on this occasion were those who participated in Softball, Athletics, Archery, Swimming, Kick Boxing, Boxing, Karate and Football for the year 2019-'
In order for these to be clear, it is necessary to draw from the riti tangjait to better understand this aspect.
Good luck! Kong Rosetta M.Kurbah as the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, you have done a great job for many families and residents of Shillong.
Nongstoin, November 22: U Ronalstone Syiem, Correspondent of The Shillong Times, passed away on Tuesday morning at Woodland Hospital, Shillong after a long illness. u now for several months.
Hopefully the government will take action and give strong warnings.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang, Bah Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning, Bah Mayralborn Syiem. , Nongpoh MLA, Nongpoh MDC, Nongpoh MDC, RB Shadap President RBDSA and many other dignitaries from Ri Bhoi District.
Blood pressure control: This food contains potassium which can be beneficial in controlling blood pressure.
Many who know well about the collection and payment of the loan, have asked who and how the state will pay this loan which has reached nearly 100,000 crore tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, Sharma said that according to the reports submitted by the Social Welfare Department and many organizations, the state has about 30,0 people who have used drugs.
Hek said Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, AIIMS-Patna, Park Hospital-Gurugram and others have accepted MHIS.
When the village authorities saw the incident, they arrested them and informed the village authorities. One of them was injured in the incident.
During his visit to the village, the TMC candidate also found that the road in the constituency led by James PK Sangma, who has been in power for three terms, has been improved. the deterioration of the road is extreme.
The training will be conducted by Bah Abandonmame Lamin, AIFF Blue Cubs Leader, AIFF D License Futsal 1, one of the best coaches in the state.
“The villagers should not feel that the Covid-19 pandemic is only for the urban residents,” said Dr. War.
Victor Ranee holds Arts and Culture, Health and Sanitation, Labor Clearance Certificate and Fisheries, Gigur Myrthong holds Trade and Enforcement Wings and Rangkynsai Kharbuki holds Council Building, Council Assets and Marriage and Divorce.
Shillong, November 9: The Government of Meghalaya through a letter from the Director of School Education and Literacy (No.DSEL/sec).
At present, the necessities of resorts, home stays and hotels, dhabas, have been imported, chickens have been imported from Shillong and all the vegetables have been imported.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sengkmie has received information and complaints that there has been a problem due to the inadequacy of the writing system for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) at one of the examination centres. The CUET, which is located at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), on Tuesday rushed to the university to investigate the incident.
As time went by, the shop also showed signs of growth with the increase in the number of customers.
Before the laying of the wreath, there will be a meeting at Lad Mot Tirot Mairang in the morning.
When asked whether there has been an invitation from the Congress after its candidate, Bah Känsing, has resigned, Bah Rining said that as a journalist, he is not on any side and does not want to. to say anything about the Congress.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Process, who is also the Shabuk Opposition, said, “The party will call for applications, but the incumbent MP will be the best”.
Oh shisha, it's a lot of snow and there's a lot of terrible things.
Lumshnong YWSC and Kuliang FC have won the ENSA football tournament held at Umkiang village on Thursday.
It was really a scary thing when I remember those times," she said.
In the last 24 hours, Shillong received only 2.8 mm of rainfall and Umiam received only 1.4 mm.
From time to time we see in the news that the HNLC wants to come to the negotiating table and that Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew is the Ksiang.
Furthermore, the Government of India has praised the implementation of Externally Aided Projects in the State and has provided financial support to expand the projects.
“We urge you as the head of the Institute to support this demand for the benefit of the youth and the state as a whole,” said the union.
Regarding the election of the new BJP office bearers after Rikman Momin was appointed as the new President of the BJP Meghalaya, AL Hek said that Rikman has taken the list of leaders to Delhi. the BJP to get the approval of the top leaders of the BJP party.
In the past, the residents had opposed the construction of the shohdoh because it could pollute the water source of the Umshingkaba River which supplies water to the Mawlai Mawiong area.
The SRT in a letter to the Governor said that it supports Ringbia or Shaw Bhoi as mentioned in Serial 3, Amendment 2 of Section 2 of the Principal Act, No. (ii)(z)). It is the custom of the Bhoi to allow the children to give their jait to their father.
In this garden, there are Khasi medicine practitioners, who have shown various medicines, which are in this garden, which also has a beautiful pond, which is known as Mawsiang jajer.
On the same day, a cleanliness drive was also conducted on the grounds of the college and the village roads around the college.
She said that her sister (Kong Sheba Mary Kharbani) left her house at 10 pm on Tuesday morning with her dishes and clothes to stay in Umsawli. I was informed that I had received a bill.
Letter from residents.2.
The EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, in a meeting with reporters today, said that the penny company has misled the KHADC when it applied for renewal. The license for the year 2013-2
We have prepared thoroughly and we expect that from now on we will be able to identify who may be the candidates of the party for the MDC (KHADC/JHADC) elections,” he said.
Shillong: The Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (METRA) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma against the freedom of coal and mining traders to transport goods to the coal factories in the country. Lum Jaintia without any taxes to the government.
The state government has sent a team of inquiry led by the Commissioner of Garo Hills (Garo Hills) Peter J Ingty into the death of Balsan. Garo Hills has also appointed a team of inquiry into the death of Witson.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that their presence has encouraged the archers in the state.
Informing that there are two phases of the project which have already been called for tender, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I hope that by November, the work will start.
Shillong, July 12: The District Court today ordered 14 days imprisonment for Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang, who was arrested on charges of rape of a 14-year-old girl.
Public gatherings in sports such as shooting, boxing, football, cowboy and many other sports activities, the beauty and warmth of the sport depends on the performance. The joy of the people, the joy of the people, together with the proverbs that carry the meaning, stirred up the whole village.
“I will stand on the foundation of the jaidbynriew for the people because the party comes later,” said Bah Pynshngain.
He recalled that the Minister of Labor on 14th July last year, had said that she would fight against the violation of the rights of children.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Banbudai, Bah BP Syiem, the incident happened at 12 noon yesterday. Juban Syiem, Staily Rani, Ristowel Rynshon and Pyndaplang Syiem from the same village were arrested.
The State Government should not lodge a complaint with the police in this regard and should not arrest those involved even if they are in any state.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Union Minister of State (MoS) Jitendra Singh in Delhi to discuss the issue. requested for assistance of Rs 23 crore for the construction of the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC) at Mawdiangdiang.
Bung said that they will hand over the camera to DC Mawkyrwat next month, which contains about 216 photographs taken by Beth Hume, across the country. Khasi.
Her village is an unknown village with 230 households who still live in traditional farming.
Shillong: The ABCD today conducted a swacchta fortnight program on cleanliness and hygiene and also training or advice for the need to go out and do activities in the community such as Youth Leadership in collaboration with Nehru Yuva Kendra.
During the visit, the DGP first held a meeting and later visited the villages of Madanrting and Them Basuk villages by walking to talk to the residents of these villages. Speaking to reporters, the Director General of Police, Dr LR Bishnoi, said that the meeting with the village leaders of Madanryting was successful.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action on these issues.
The tree planting ceremony was organized by the Dorbar Shnong Mukhaialong as part of the celebration of World Environment Day.
Hundreds of his supporters attended the meeting and discussed the issue and after the supporters took the decision and gave their promises On the other hand, Bah Nongsiej has approved the proposal and decided to contest in
