During the inspection, the Seng was concerned about the attempt to cover up the embezzlement of funds from the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Scheme according to the work order signed by Bah CS Tariang, State. Co-Ordinator Civil Works, SSA-SEMAM. The Managing Committee has strongly condemned the theft by these children and their family members.
Can we say that the Speaker (Metbah Lyngdoh) doesn't know anything about all this? It is surprising that the NPP which has worked with the UDP for five years this time has not worked with the party.
"In the days to come when God's purpose will be fulfilled, we human beings will be in the darkness of thought, but if we turn to Him with a pure heart, we will know how to repent. that the end may come soon.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn has suggested to the PWD engineers to send a message to the government that if it is too late to improve the road in Traw village which has been destroyed by BSC-C&C JV, They shall issue a No Objection Certificate (NoC) to you, which shall be issued to you.
“The KHADC and the Chief Executive Members have the right to stand on their own grounds and if they want to go to the Court they can go because the Court itself has to hear such cases.
Agricultural Success, Happiness for Farmers: Financial assistance of 10,000 tyngka to all farmers through the new scheme called FARM (Farmer Assistance for Rural Meghalaya), installation of farmers' shlems in District (Farm Centre) shall not be affected if the FARM policy is not affected.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 23: In order to bring about development works in the district especially to improve education and others through development works, the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District together with the North East Transmission Company Limited (NETC) today They also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the year 2023-2
However, it is not known to what extent their work through this kind of technology of this age will be able to attract or change the voters.
He said that once a year, the Raid Shabong has been holding a festival and this year, it will be held on 21st October
During the cold weather, some vehicles had to stop and it was learned that there were also accidents during the cold weather.
Have we not stopped as the people of the state to become 'samkhmut' to the leaders who come from abroad," she added.
Sambha Ryngkhlem scored the third goal in the 41st minute.
He said that in the last election about 11,000 people did not vote and he requested the residents of the constituency to turn out to vote on the 27th of this month.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association, Bah Bistocan Timung, said that the AMKA strongly condemns the Assam police for their violence and brutality in killing the enemy. Such an unacceptable incident in society that the souls of the wicked have lost their lives prematurely.
However, he said it is regrettable the irresponsibility and irresponsibility of the Assam Government on this incident.
B.Vijay Kumar, Commandant of Assam Rifles, who was the chief guest at the meeting, expressed his satisfaction that these grounds have been handed over to the village. to help the youth to improve their sports skills.
She explained that through the establishment of the Hope Orphanage Trust, it has become one of the activities of the Hope Orphanage Trust because as she says, “serving others is also serving God”.
To sell and auction the nation is the central issue of the bhor.
“If you remember when I raised this issue, the MLAs at that time didn't deny that it was necessary but the MLAs asked for time because it is an issue that needs to be thought through and I believe they have three years. “They have understood that this will be the stieh to protect the jaidbynriew and that other parties will agree with us,” he said.
We are living in the days when the end is near and it is right now.
Hearing this, the union expressed its surprise because in the notification it was seen that the workplaces have been closed.
Out of the 60 constituencies, Mawlai constituency has the highest number of voters with 50,058 voters, 23,144 males and 26,914 females.
In a murder incident which happened on the 9th of October at Pahammawlein 20mer, a 60-year-old man was shot dead by robbers. he was about to go to his farm.
He also said that he will train our CM and that the 60 MLAs will be there so that we too can see their justice.
On the other hand, they send complaints by registering online through some apps which are just shrip without any suspicion.
In addition, the Land Transfer Act was passed and the forests and hills were auctioned to mining companies and dewbilat factories.
He said that two other gold rings were found from the bedroom and these fell out of the bedroom after the robbers broke the bedroom and furniture.
Investigation revealed that Amarjyoti Dey and Bandana Kalita had been married for 12 years against the wishes of the relatives of both the couple.
At a working meeting with the Power Regulators from the Central Government, States and the Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission held this month, the Union Minister in charge of Power and New and Renewable Energy RK Singh urged that Electricity companies shall implement this Rule.
These two Khasi words “me” and “pha” and other “sih” words (ie, unclean or unclean words) such as “mem” and “pham”, “men” and “phan” and as "îame" and "îapha" are the most famous words in the Khasi grammar and in the speech of the Khasi.
Lyngkhong village is located near the border and Hat Lyngkhat which has been famous since ancient times has been closed since the outbreak of COVID-19 until now, although this border market is a budlum. of the income of the people of the North East who export their agricultural products to Bangladesh.
They will be able to use the sacrificial altar in the Temple for only three and a half years as foretold in Daniel, and about half of that time the Beast will stop the Jews from offering sacrifices in it. by Temple.
They were welcomed and confirmed as full members of the NPP by Bah Apsharai Syiem General Secretary who is also the MDC candidate of the NPP Nongstoiñ.
“You don't need to be a politician to change the world, you need to be outside it and change it,” said Wanbantei Bremley Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailur 6: U former HSPDP leader Enbin K Raswai, who used to be in the hands of Hopingstone Lyngdoh, has expressed his surprise at the newspaper reports. The HSPDP has given the ticket to Bah Renikton Lyngdoh to contest the 2018 MLA election from Mawkyrwat constituency.
Many wires have been run along the electricity post, including telephone wires, cable TV wires and a machine, a solar light machine and a plate among others. and they were all destroyed.
At the end of the meeting, the candidate Bah Paliar was invited to deliver a speech in which he said that all the four candidates who will contest from Rambrai are like four blind men. In the story where the people are the doctors who sent these blind men to cut the elephant and explain what it looks like while the elephant is the district council, and the people should choose an intelligent blind person who can describe the appearance of the elephant and not other blind people who have explained it without proper knowledge.
Therefore, the appeal from me, the author of this article, is – let us all work together wherever we are, whether in the city or in the countryside, to love the hills and rivers, to protect the rivers. , shyngiar, pung, wahduid and wahbah not to pollute them by throwing garbage, not to bomb or throw away the dohum dohwah, to protect them by not throwing away or lyngkar them forests or hills in the rainy season or in the dry season.
The AJCCTA leaders said that the existence of many check points has no purpose but only a ploy to collect money from the police because at each check point the truck drivers have to pay hundreds of rupees.
Shillong: The teachers of NEHU, under the banner of NEHUTA, today refused to take part in the ceremony to honor the students who have completed their various degrees. at the 25th Convocation of NEHU.
Mom! didn't you hear that you had a cat? said the mother who was looking at the clock in the middle of the room.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : The Synod College on Friday 31st July 2023 has honored 636 students who have completed their degrees from the college this year.
Yoga requires concentration and meditation and this brings about a state of mind.
More than 1000 students under the National Service Scheme, Ri Bhoi College have gone out to public places to collect garbage including plastic thrown by the public with the aim of making public places within the Nongpoh to be clean and free from the spread of garbage.
Shillong: Meghalaya Women's Senior One-Day Trophy beat Mizoram by 10 wickets in Puducherry on Tuesday.
Shangpliang said the reason for the students' protest against the teacher's actions is due to the lack of attention of the NEHU authorities even after the students have informed and demanded punishment.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of Vietnam has directed schools and educational institutions to monitor the situation of the disease even in schools and educational institutions. especially in the border areas and border gates where the movement of people from inside and outside the country is smooth.
Therefore, the villages should be farsighted and set rules in advance for the residents who build their houses to allocate space for parking their vehicles so that they can avoid problems.
When asked whether he thinks there are political parties who are inciting them from outside, Pretone said, “You can ask them why they don't agree when I have already promised them as one of the leaders of the government. ".
He said that the appointment of a retired judge by Assam raises the question whether the Assam Inquiry Team can investigate the incident on the Meghalaya border. .
The MDC Umsning has encouraged all the women not to be discouraged when they start working in any job whether it is small or large because if you value and respect this job one day it will be siew answered with a smile.
In fact, man and woman are not the first Adam and Eve because before God separated Adam and Eve He created mankind Gen.1:27, “So God And God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
Except when you are caught by the khra-pei and the sohpyut, how else can you fight?
Request to submit a report on the Inquiry Report on the investigation against Bashemphang Thabah on the demand of the JAC and the demand to hold an election to elect the full Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong.
NR Marak said that the department will also sign an agreement with Maharashtra to purchase these materials from the siej.
He said he cannot accept the government's ordinance.
The lighting was provided by the Kharsyntiew Kitboklang.
e (and MSC Biotechnology), please visitfor registrationAdmission for PG General Courses will be notified later.
Shillong, Nailur 03 : Former Mawlai MLA, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh on Saturday evening led hundreds of leaders and supporters of the UDP Mawlai to join the NPP. The National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud to the Chief Minister, said:
Shillong: Cyclone Amphan, which will pass through West Bengal, will also affect the state, according to a statement issued by the National Weather Forecasting Center (IMD). Meghalaya and Assam on 21st July
Is it right for the police to shoot people just because they don't have Tari?
Shillong, July 12 : U Bah Process T Sawkmie, former MLA, on Tuesday expressed his regret to see the District Council instead of discussing issues to protect the country and the nation, to strengthen the cultures, the it kingdom, but they speak of schemes.
A day later, he received another phone call to inform him that he had not been selected for the personal interview.
Meghalaya also won other medals in this category, namely Silver and Bronze medals by Amedius Therlang Marbaniang and Nicholas Syrti.
On the other hand, Mr. Willhemson Shylla, employee of the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency (MBDA), said that this is one of the income generating opportunities that we should develop as it is an income generating activity for the farmers. and men have no ability to create.
The meeting was held at Songsak Shahlang Village Square West Khasi Hills District, where thousands of people came to listen to the speeches of the Prime Minister.
India Arrows will play against TRAU FC on 8th October.
Speaking to reporters, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the reason for the opposition is that this government's plan will be the seed of evil deeds in the state.
Many comments have been received from the MDCs on the sudden resignation of the Chairman.
Those who attended the celebration were the Seng Longkmie of Lumsohphoh, Lumdorbar and Lumparing Rum along with parents and supporters of the school.
She said that the time of unloading is from 8 pm to 7 pm.
Besides these workplaces, there are also non-government offices that have been asleep during the sudden power outage of MeECL. Most of the residents in Shillong are unaware of the power outage. The department, although it has informed the media that it is sorry, but it was informed only hours before it extinguished the fire which the people could not prepare in advance for their needs.
The total number of tests so far is 3,05,124 and 2,91,564 are negative.
“We have received a directive from UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy to proceed with the preparations for the mid-term elections for Ranikor,” said Bah Pius.
“If they say they have not been arrested, have they distributed his photograph to police stations across the country,” he said, adding that his bank account should also be confiscated according to the law.
The four robbers were arrested by the mob after one of them went to buy jasong from a shop in Shangpung village.
“The NPP Block has clarified that no one or any of the party members have given such a statement,” he said. NPP Block Sohra has now prepared and elected its own candidate.
Although the rain stopped in the morning, the Khasi film lovers came out of their homes to watch the biria film which was attended by film stars from Jowai since Conel Phira known as Slek, Marloon Laloo known as Maheh, Dao Toi and two actors, Rimika Dkhar and Rishwa Suchiang directed by Kiki Garod.
How does God's Word say about this? “Be content with your wages.
Musk's allegation came after he tested himself and received both positive and negative results on the same day.
To assist Government Officials (BLOs), by checking whether the names and photographs match whether they match the age of the voter, whether they match the face appearing on the the Draft Photo Electoral Rolls, so that there will be no confusion of names and photographs.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The BJP has not yet decided who will contest the Lok Sabha MP election from both the Shillong and Tura constituencies in the state.
This was announced by Sungdey S. Sangma according to a complaint sent to the police.
Therefore, the Pro League is more important for the tournament in Paris and also to select the 16 best players for Paris," Harmanpreet said in a statement. India before this group went to Europe.
On this day, the match between these two teams was very interesting and very strong.
In West Khasi Hills District, three MDC posts have become vacant including Mawthad Raishan after the resignation of MLA Brolding Nongsiej, Mairang after the resignation of MDC. Metbah Lyngdoh and Rambrai Jyrngam after the resignation of MLA KP Pangniang.
Shillong: Sushmita Dev, MP from Silchar and President of the All India Women's Congress, today slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for alleging that the Defense Minister, Bah HDR. Lyngdoh on the robbery of the Marvelene Inn Hotel where Mawhati MLA Julias Dorphang has been accused of raping a child at the hotel.
On the border issue, the Governor expressed his confidence that Meghalaya and Assam will be able to resolve all the issues through mutual understanding.
Therefore, the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Jied-lamkhmat is a published document which contains a statement of the principles, objectives, vision, policies and activities of the political party.
He has no right to claim heaven.
“Do you want your MP to be in the ruling or opposition?
“The government has not sat idly by or slept.
When the reporters also asked the sellers about the tax they have to pay, they said that they have to pay the excise fee every time they buy kyiad, and the price of the tax has been calculated. according to the number of liquor, then they said that they have to pay the license renewal fee which they have to do every month, and that too reaches more than 10 lakh tyngka, then they have to pay the monthly tax to the Hima Mylliem, and besides shop fees, liquor fees, employee fees, and other expenses.
“The alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP has been going on since the 2018 election under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy and we have decided to join hands for the benefit of the people. These two parties but this has not happened but until today we are still together”.
On this occasion, the Pa'iem said that if anything happens, the illegal construction of the road must be stopped immediately and that soon they will lodge a complaint against the contractor. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has been informed of the incident.
However, the Minister of PWD said that it cannot be said that the implementation is slow as the time is still available.
Pawar was speaking to reporters at his village in Baramati in Pune district a day after his daughter and incumbent party president Supriya Sule said that Ajit Pawar had become a senior leader and MLA of the party.
The UAE currently has a $15 million (£10.8m) rainwater harvesting project and is one of the world's 40 countries with the lowest rainfall. rainfall is only three inches or 78 millimeters, 15 times less than the rainfall in the United Kingdom.
However, if it is just a statement as said by the Rupang reporter on 26.6.2018, it will be useless.
To improve the production of these products, the Government has launched the Mission Mode Project.
In the Gospel of John it is written – In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
We must have markets to sell our produce.
Shillong, Nailur 02: For the first time, Meghalaya will witness the working of the I-PAC founded by Prashant Kishore.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the time has come for the people of Mawkynrew Constituency to elect a leader who is the owner of this constituency and who knows better the problems of the people so that he can to help better when the people are facing any problems.
They were beaten like this King.
On receiving information about the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police have immediately sent police teams to the scene to investigate further and also to assist the family. for getting his remains home for last rites.
“In the past three years that I have been the Chief Minister, we have tried to talk and advocate for the teachers, so that the teachers who are respected and who have worked hard to improve education in the state , that they should get special recognition from the government,” said the Nongpoh MLA.
SD Phangnon Konyak, MP Lok Sabha was the chief guest in the presence of Prof. PD Das, former DDG of ICAR and Prof. Prabha Shukla, Vice Chancellor NEHU, Shillong. , Dr. VK Mishra, Director ICARNEH Region, Umiam and other experts in the field of agriculture.
In this incident, the house was completely destroyed.
Hot Story, Working President Miss.
U Rangbah, who is from the border, took part with the people in this village until the end and even in the midst of the physical injuries, it is pleasant to know that he used to have a strong spirit. take part in any issues related to the country and the nation.
The VPP North Shillong constituency has convened a meeting with its office bearers this evening to prepare for the MDC election. MDC elections from these two constituencies in North Shillong.
Meanwhile, the Director of Makarious Medical Centre, Mairang, Dr.M.Syiem in his speech urged all to have a spirit of compassion for the people with disabilities. He also urged all to bring about a change in their thinking by focusing on the abilities of those with disabilities through the talents that God has given them.
In a statement sent by Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President HANM Central Body, he expressed his anger over the lack of attention of the state government to resolve the border issue. the Chief Secretaries of the four States.
The State won only one bronze medal in the tournament through the High Jump athlete Rinalis Ingti who was able to jump 1.55m.
He said that the citizens of the state will be divided into two categories – the indigenous citizens of the state and the permanent citizens of the state.
With the passage of time, the growth and population of Khasi Jaintia has been excessive and this special allocation system decided since 1972 has turned into a source of suffering for the youth of Khasi-Jaintia.
After complaints and opposition from many Seng Bhalang, this leader has immediately terminated those agreements without counting the the money that he poured into them.
An Iranian warship has shot down another warship in the Gulf of Oman, killing 19 people and wounding 15 others.
The landlord, who also worked as a Chowkidar at the Sub Center on behalf of his son, has also received a temporary appointment letter from 25th July to 22nd March. , but before the end of his term, the authorities called him to suspend him and shortly after he was ordered to suspend, he received another letter. He was dismissed from the department and replaced by another.
After winning the toss, EGH batted first and scored 137 runs for the loss of all wickets in 23.4 overs.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah D.Sohshang, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area for this initiative. many problems that the village faces from time to time.
On the other hand, the Civil Hospital, Shillong, is looking for a Social Worker and those who have completed MSW/MA Sociology with three years of experience in the Health & Research Project The interview date will be on the 22nd October 2016, at 3 pm at the same Hospital.
This shows that we don't have the same beliefs even though we don't have the same religion.
“We have also spoken to the co-owners of the petrol stations to supply fuel," he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 13: A woman identified as Streamilda Syiemlieh from Langja village together with her group, have alleged that the residents of Langja village from Ktiehthawiar, Khyllemsangrin, Umthlu , Langja and Mawri which fall under the Jyrngam Sirdarship, have been illegally occupying the fields, planting, burying, working without asking permission from the land owner. to send out the inhabitants of all the five villages.
At the recent UN summit, India did not participate in a resolution demanding that Israel end the war against Hamas in Gaza.
First you shall say the head.
Therefore, the organization has taken the initiative to help her spend money to get a good house, but she can rest first.
Glutamine: Glutamine is part of an amino acid that can be produced by the body but depends on the structure of the body, which means that the body may require more according to the structure of the body.
In addition, the Rynjang Creek has been increased from 4,117 meters to 20,445 meters and now ranks fourth in India.
It is believed that once the Lok Sabha session, the Prime Minister will not be able to leave New Delhi.
The President of the Lympung Ki Seng Nthei, Kong T.Phanbuh, said that the Women's Association would like to express its gratitude to the authorities for this task. women can bear and be trusted to take on everyday responsibilities and struggles if they are given the right opportunity and platform to stand.
“Despite our efforts, we have not found any announcement for the posts of the MLHP regarding Memo No.DHS/MCH&FW/NHM/MLHP/20/2023/(III), dated, It is clear that the Mission Director has irresponsibly violated the appointment rules of the State Government and acted at will.
Hek said that in 2023 the BJP will win at least 15 seats in Meghalaya.
The group, which won 26 MLAs on Thursday morning, along with two BJP MLAs and one independent MLA, met with the Governor who invited them as the group that won the most MLAs in the elections. This is the MLA election in the state.
Kharumnuid suspected that the arrest of their President may be due to the fact that the Khyndailad Taxi drivers no longer pay to the police who used to collect T.100 in the morning and T.100 in the evening. The Unit in Khyndailad has up to 4 Units.
On the same day, the story of Who Tep Kyndait will be told.
The union strongly condemns the Rangbah Shnong for misusing his powers in violation of the provisions of the 6th Schedule.
This is the proof of our testimony.
Thus, in this year's tournament, the tournament has been able to bring together 3,000 transplanted players together with their families and supporters. for the purpose of celebrating the sporting talent that has been given to them.
“The incident has affected our country which is known as a country of knowledge of man and knowledge of God and we need a strong law to protect women,” he added.
"The Government should stop the construction of accommodation for the sick inside Ruprekha Parishad Secondary School Shillong, as the school is surrounded by villages, besides the need to stop the Raj Hotel, the Tilak “How many schools or private places in my constituency have been set up as Quarantine Centres and the government has never informed me,” said the MLA. He also expressed his concern over the increase in the number of cases in the constituency and said that it is impossible to wait if the government does not do anything because the time has come when all these villages will be declared containment and it will cause problems to the people. everything.
The reason why the Jirang Chief Minister urged the people to cooperate with the government in the fight against the Corona Virus, is after he saw and found that many of the The residents of the state government have taken sting and do not respect these orders, because many of the residents have gone out to walk on the streets even during the hours, which the state government has issued. to stay at home, to prevent the spread of this disease, which has spread to all countries of the world.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, today announced that they want to open some shops in Iewduh for the purpose of allowing traders and buyers to benefit from this.
This was after the discovery of pistols dropped in the border areas, where it was said that these weapons are a new method of killing border guards. in Kashmir.
The world today doesn't steal rh only the heavy saipans who are, it's only in the coal that the word HIGH LEVEL comes out. Are you proud of yourself?? Ri lajong leh kate mon??But if this is the right to own the land, the shyiap, the minerals, how much suffering, where to sleep, where to eat, where to drink, where the children, where the father, where the bill, where? Have you ever thought that the children of the poor are hungry as well as the children of the chiefs, officers and ministers? ? Christmas has come to many people who don't have clothes but among the coal thieves like drivers, handymen etc there are those who don't have clothes.
What is urgently needed is to find out through science how to preserve and preserve the good fertilizer that is already available in the field and to prevent the destruction of farmland which occurs through heavy rainfall and wind during the rainy season. .
“We hear from time to time that cows go to Bangladesh.
The syrnot were distributed to these disabled people at specially designated places across the state, she said.
Therefore, the public has the right not to accept this TIKA.There is no public report on the effects or effectiveness of TIKA in the human body, especially in those who have diseases such as diabetes, eye diseases, diseases of the blood vessels and other organs in the elderly, the disabled and children.
He said that through these clubs, it will be an opportunity for children with various talents.
About 100 members, including the Mahila group, youth and other members of the Block Congress, have left the party.
Bless one another, parents to their children, children to their parents, and priests to their fellow believers to receive a blessing. exclusive.
How can the people follow a party without foundation and a leader without foundation?
All three of these countries are below India in the FIFA Rankings.
So they left him at a time when this Rang-dakaid-woman needed their help.
Dr Mukul has taken a picture of Conrd and his wife on their mobile phone with Henry Lalremsanga, a drug dealer who was arrested on 23rd June 2023 and seized drugs. Pseudoephedrine worth Rs 7 crore has been banned from the sale of pseudoephedrine.
The meeting was conducted by Almiky Ryngkhlem Vice President EJNC-CEC and welcome speeches were delivered by Evident Tariang President EJNC-KC and Nangjan Dkhar General Secretary EJNC-CEC. EJNC President S.Lyngdoh has confirmed the members of Wapung Circle.
However, the Garo people are still people who love and enjoy watching any sports, for example, last month thousands of people gathered around the stadium. The entire football ground was opened to witness the football match between the two teams in Phulbari village. Besides, there is also a tournament between the kurs known as the Mahari Tournament, which is also held here. The enthusiasm for the participation of the kur is very high.
The Meghalaya High Court will hear the case on July 16,
The power of real money has destroyed all the rights of the people and also the clean and beautiful market of this Khasi country.
At this meeting, the Secretary of the party in charge of Ri Bhoi District confirmed Bah Wesley Doloi as the President of the Western Circle and Bah Sranly Wahlang as the Secretary of the Western Circle.
KSU Nangbah Unit Publicity Secretary Samla Consciousness Susngi
Seven contract teachers who have passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) examination have decided to protest by giving two months to force the government to they shall not be appointed.
They celebrated the day by holding a program throughout the day, including the Shad, Rwai and other competitions, in which these people with disabilities participated.
There was also a briefing on the Route Optimization of TDPS Supply Chain, which reduces the cost of logistics by making better use of existing assets such as FPS and Godown.
6000 pigs are not possible.
On the other hand, the Commission has promised to lend a hand to improve the income of Meghalaya.
“We don't mind when they do good deeds to other states but we just want to know how much they have contributed to the state. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The Minister said that the postponement of the election was taken after a decision was taken by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state. .
We don't take that development, but you have heard or known about architectural engineering.
There are 204 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 in West Khasi Hills, 11 in West Jaintia Hills, 11 in Ri Bhoi, 20 in West Garo Hills, 4 in East Garo Hills, 19 in South Garo Hills and 1 in South Garo. Hill 1.
Lajong will play at home (Mawkyrwat) against Rangdajied on Tuesday.
According to the 2011 Census, there are more than 13 lakh (46.5%) speakers of Khasi and 9 lakh (31.5%) of Garo speakers.
The price of one kilo is not less than T.1000 (one thousand tyngka).
The team gathered together to prepare for the WTC Final, where Umesh Yadav and Shardul Thakur were the first to set foot at the venue.
I don't care about those who are sick.
The introduction of a ban on the use of plastic by the government authorities may not be successful without the cooperation and understanding of the residents around.
This is no longer a one-time incident but there have been cases where female students at this university have experienced sexual violence.
In other categories, there were 51 candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 417 candidates remained unemployed as of 31st November
The election of the new CEM came after the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne as CEM collapsed on Tuesday (July 19).
Shillong, July 16 : Four out of 17 miners have now applied for scientific mining license in Meghalaya after the Central Government approved the their Geological Report.
He said that the headmaster has received the Voter Identity Card and the Job Card of MGNREGS from Meghalaya even though he is from Assam.
In a statement, Denishan Iawrod, President of Malai Sohmat Area Unit, said that the construction of the Jio Tower at Phlangwanbroi has been a failure and has not been implemented at all. The jio network has been shut down in these days and the union expresses its concern over this because they see that the network in these areas is too weak and this has affected many users and this affect the public from schools, offices and others.
Indeed, these days there are many parents who take care of their children and until their children reach Class 10, they still go to school. Because they believe in this world which is full of evil, because if they are wrong, many problems can arise that cannot be recovered from the loss.
Welcoming this, BJP MP Harnath Singh Yadav said the entire country demands that the name Bharat should be used instead of India.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation into the incident.
The prohibitions include shaking hands, approaching anyone who has a fever, touching the mouth, head and face with unclean hands and sneezing. in his hands without covering his head and tongue, to stand in public places.
This writer does not agree that the officials should buy and run all the sports activities themselves.
If you suffer from hypertension, there are several steps you need to take.
The Lok Sabha MP from Shillong, who will contest the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections, said that only the leaders have come out but the supporters are still there. and the Congress party.
Jeremiah 23:5.
“Until now, there have been no complaints in the Khasi Hills about the pollution of the rivers due to coal mining,” said the CEM.
On this occasion, Mr. Sanwotki Laloo on behalf of Wahiajer Village, a speech on the life of Deen Dayal Padhyay and the origin and benefits of Deen Dayal Upadhyay Community College in Prof. Henry Lamin (Rtd) who is also the Founder Principal Incharge of Deen Dayal Upadhyay Community College Wahiajer and Shri NK Bansal, Chief Engineer, CPWD, Shillong who launched the plan for the project. I don't know why this is the Golden Jubilee Girls Hostel.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 12: Member of Parliament (MP) from the All India Trinamool Congress Party (AITC), Dereck O. Brien on Saturday visited Mawkyrwat, South. The meeting was held at Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Mawkyrwat District today to campaign for the election of the AMTC candidate from the 36th constituency. South West Khasi Hills District.
The union also said that the government's actions are unacceptable and it is an intimidation of the residents by the SOT police with guns and it is only the work of the insurgents. .
Therefore, he said he is pleased that the Regional Committees will resume their work on the demarcation in the second phase.
The Forest Department of the Assam Government has set up its gate and has charged fines from the people who carry sying, timber and other products from these Pnar villages when selling them to the Pnar villages. part of the Karbi Anglong District.
Any person who works outside these constituencies but who is a voter in these constituencies shall be paid his salary without deduction in accordance with Section 135B of the Representation of the People Act .
After the goal, Lajong were encouraged and continued to fight until the 34th minute when Japan forward Takuto Miki took the lead 2-1
The HNYM will also submit a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to demand that the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to hold a special session to discuss the issue. of the roster system and reservation policy to be reviewed and implemented according to the number of paid.
They said that although the VPP has not done well in the last elections, they have decided that this is the time to win any candidate that the VPP has won. extract.
Speaking to reporters, PS Lyngdoh Marshilong recalled that members of the Assembly Committee on Environment, in the past years, have visited Rwiang to inspect the work of the copper factory in Rwiang. and they went down to Shallang to inspect the coal mining factories.
There are 12,481,000 SSA teachers in Meghalaya, of whom 5,766,000 are teachers in SSA Lower Primary Schools and 6,715,000 are teachers in 2238,000 Upper Primary Schools.
Shillong: The FKJGP-War Jaintia today held a meeting with all the Rangbah Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs of 13 villages including Padubah, War Jaintia. Padu Masko, Padu Mawjyllang, Khonglah, Old Nongbareh, Lyntiar, Ammutong, Mawlong, Mawlong, Amkoi and Kudeng Old Village.
He recalled that why Meghalaya is quick to emerge as armed groups is because it is a middle ground between Assam and Bangladesh.
Thus, one generation after another reads, searches, explains and relates the Bible to the time or age in which they live.
The newspaper said that the chemistry books are no longer available, as the company has not announced that the contract with the publishing company has ended.
Qatar have decided not to qualify for the round of 16 as they have never won but have another match against the Netherlands on 29 November at 8:30 pm. .
“People who are afraid to ask for money to get jobs will not be able to lose more and more if the personal interview is canceled only for those in power because they will not be able to politicize the rights of the youth,” he said. said Mr. Passah.
Sam's notable films include Dookudu (2011), Seethamma Vakit Lo Sirimalle Chettu (2012), Attarintiki Daredi (2013), Kaththi (2014), Theri (2016), (2016), Mersal (2017), Rangas Thalam (2018) and others.
Furthermore, during the march and carrying placards of the group of youths after their protest against the order, the DC called for a meeting and in the meeting, u He explained about the order issued by him which has affected and upset many Seng groups in the district.
Nongpoh, November 19: Although the Sengbhalang groups in the state have been demanding that the government should draft and implement the rules and regulations to curb the illegal entry of mynder in the state, , but they forgot to urge the government to provide an Infiltration Check Gate which does not exist at Byrnihat, which is also one of the most important gate way in Byrnihat. state.
He said he received a letter from the government on Friday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: After the HNLC, it is now the turn of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to fight against the White House. government ministers, government officials, that they should resign.
The Excise Department and a special team from Shillong and Khliehriat Police have seized more than 7000 liters of counterfeit liquor from Nongjri market in East Jaintia Hills District today.
They said that Niangphlang helps with constipation and other diseases.
These rooms do not include the GST fee and the food fee.
Many people still misunderstand that this is the cause of poverty.
Speeches were delivered by Purningstar Shabong, Chairman KKC SKSR-12 Doloi, ML Mawphlang member and others.
The Superintendent of Police, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that after receiving a tip from the Secretary of the Village Council, Shillong, on July 3, that some people had assaulted a young woman. the Police responded to the scene.
During a meeting of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) on Tuesday, Prime Minister Siddaramaiah, Deputy Prime Minister and KPCC President DK Shivakumar said: Shivakumar said that the Congress party should have won 20 out of 28 seats. Lok Sabha constituencies in Karnataka and needed to work to reach the target and also for the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike elections.
Jesus stood to the end and alone suffered death on the cross.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today lodged a complaint with the EM of Mylliem District Council, Bah Jambor War. Shillong on April 08, 2022 directing all Rangbah Shnongs not to open Guest Houses, Resorts, Hotels, Petrol Pumps, and other businesses that must obtain a No Objection Certificate from the Hima.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The United DP Youth Wing (UDP) has criticized the HSPDP for its criticism of its Working President, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The unity is the sense of nationalism and which has been led by the ancestors.
According to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and Secretariat Rules, Government Ministers means members of the Cabinet, including Children's Ministers, Symbud Ministers, or Parliamentary Secretaries.
Drivers are not allowed to wear these uniforms in public places and bars and drivers without uniforms are not allowed to pick up passengers. A copy of these rules has been sent to the SPs of the Traffic Police ( Nongpoh and Shillong) as a notice to take the necessary action.
“I recently met with the Chief Minister of Assam and we spent the evening together and we discussed this issue,” he said.
The HFU has also taken a step to demand from the government through the Market Department of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Jowai to ban and abolish the kilo weight of all agricultural products sold in the market. hat within the District.
“Among the members of BAM-JH, there are four (4) who are currently working at Jaintia Higher Secondary School and three (3) at Govt.
This is the first time that India has been suspended by the world's top football authorities since FIFA recognized the All India Football Federation (AIFF) 85 years ago.
On the other hand, the Khasi Hima also signed the Instrument of Accession and it can be said that the Khasi Hima accepted the Constitution by taking part in the first elections in
The tournament was held again after the outbreak of Covid-19 which has swept the countries of the world.
During the blanket distribution, a child named Alden Kurbah wore his own police uniform as a sign of respect for the police.
They don't want to get 1000 or 2000 tyngka during the election which is the money they get without going to the bill and for this reason they elect the leaders who have paid the money but not the leaders who have full of knowledge and farsightedness.
Dear friends in the Lord Jesus, what I want to remind us all is that without God, our lives are useless.
(The Jews recognized Jesus only as a man born in Israel).
“The Home Minister has taken the lead in cracking down on gangs operating in and around Delhi-NCR and other parts of the country.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Bamon, MLA from East Jaintia Hills, said that he has no intention of joining any party and wants to become an independent MLA first.
Shillong, July 13: The Disaster Management Department of the State Government has issued a directive and urged the public to be vigilant against the heavy rainfall, storm surge and storm surge in the State.
This drug is used to prevent childbirth and as it is known that this type of drug is used after a few days after marriage and when you do not want to have children or have children.
He who testifies to these things says, “Yes, I am coming quickly.
This could also be his best tournament, with the 14 wickets he took on the first day against Sikkim.
It was the first time for Pteros to eat the meat of wild animals.
According to the application, most of the ASHA workers have received a salary ranging from T.23,000 to T.82,000 in the six months from 1st June to 30th November the date of the bank payment credit.
By encouraging them to seek help from teachers, they will improve their learning and encourage and assist them in their learning.
K Radhan, general secretary of KSSP, said that schools have ordered their students to attend the examination and this is a force to believe in the religious beliefs of others. He said that the intellectuals in the state should speak out against this action of the Indian government.
This affected a young girl maybe 18 years old (I think).
He said that the party shot dead because these smugglers confessed that it was the police and soldiers who were sent to join the party to get information about the camp where the militants are hiding in the area. around the place.
He congratulated those who won and encouraged those who did not reach the goal, by urging them to play well and set goals in life so that they too can be in one. one day they will be victorious.
“The celebration was enriched by a song from Tirot Sing Memorial College as well as a traditional song competition by schools and a shooting competition.
The Selection Committee to elect the Chairperson and members of the Meghalaya Lokayukta will have to set up a Search Committee comprising five leaders who have knowledge of how to eradicate corruption and skills in the management of corruption. government, law, political affairs and others.
She also topped the medal standings with a record time of 12.89 seconds.
Amrit Company is implementing this project in 9mer village and another project is located between 9mer and Mawthei villages which are the largest poultry and hatchery projects.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, on Wednesday, 15th November 2019, has donated to the Sieng Riti Institute. Laugh.
At the same time, he explained the importance of mental health if they have mental health they can live a good life and can fight against problems.
Donald said that the KSU has made it clear to the CEO that the KSU will oppose if the 2011 Census is registered. They are against the registration of voters according to the Census 2011, because in the Census, all the mynder who came to illegally stay in the houses in the state and those foreigners who “It's a good idea to work in this state,” said Donald V Thabah.
When asked whether it is time for the HNLC members to surrender, Paidang said, “The struggle is necessary but in the end the bloodshed cannot bring peace and remove them. “If the members who are still there come to the discussion, it will be beneficial,” said Bah Paidang.
What is the intention of the government to delay the results of the students who are eligible to study medicine in the interest of the state government?
Other speakers included Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope, Dr Mukul Sangma and Adelbert Nongrum.
He said that the Society cannot provide everything according to their needs, but please accept whatever the Jaintia Hills Development Society can do for you.
The tournament was enriched by the performances of the PHL Group from Mawten and the Black Pink from Rangjadong.
The YESS scheme is a scheme launched to save and encourage young people to start their own businesses.
When asked about the involvement of HNLC members, the police chief said, “I cannot say anything on this yet, as the investigation is ongoing to find out who is involved”.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: The residents of Umskun village near the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District have been facing difficulties in coming and going from time to time. It is true that the 4-lane road in Ri Bhoi has been flooded due to the lack of drainage system.
The woman lodged a complaint against the village leaders on July 28 at Umsning Police Out Post and said that the police have not yet taken any action against them.
He said the ethnic groups are no different from other ethnic groups in the country.
We as the former leaders of HANM would like to inform you that from today we have no part with the Seng HANM. Today 1/December 2020 we as the leaders of East Jaintia Hills Under the leadership of Bah Ency Shadap LadRymbai Circle Under the leadership of Wansalan Nongrum and Lecturer Dkhar Narwan unit under the leadership of Bah Kartik Shadap Musniangrim unit under the leadership of Bah Marcus Phawa.
Ladmawphlang, East Khasi Hills, which is one of the villages working with NESFAS, has about 88 households.
Psalm 121 : 1 O son of man, when wilt thou understand these words ? and who can explain them ? Lymda is the power of God.
This includes referees and judges led by UMAI such as Pynsuklang Sumer, Angelus Sun who is also the President of the Muaythai Association of Meghalaya.
The meeting was conducted by Vice President Yokisingh Pale and a prayer was offered at the beginning of the meeting. Rev. HL Pale and Dr. Sunday Pale attended the meeting.
“During the review meeting, we requested the Engineers and Officers to give their suggestions on how to improve this work so that it will bring about the success of the PHE department in the implementation of the JJM scheme. and to find ways and means related to the delay in payment to the contractors,” he said.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after receiving the reply from the RTO. This is a great threat to the Khasi people.
May the New Year be a prosperous year for you in your agriculture, income, in your jobs, and in your career, said Bah Ribadskhem Shadap Secretary ADMA Musical Club Mawryngkneng. and Bah Dwing Myrboh, President of ADMA Musical Club.
They explain the wisdom and strength together in their poetry.
“We request all those who have received letters of demand in the name of the HNLC to come to the HNYF office because the HNYF is ready to help them and not to go to the media without informing them. “It is difficult to know and verify,” said HNYF President Bless Dkhar.
The District Magistrate has urged all the residents of the district to follow the government's guidelines, namely by using social distancing and also to wear masks when going out. place Public.
In the women's category, Rosy Sana came first, Lamsuk Phawa came second and Theresa Sana came third. All these winners are from Mukhaialong. .
He said that with the emergence of the Indian synrop to work together for the Lok Sabha MP elections in 2024, the TMC in Meghalaya also has to wait for what will happen in these days.
Even now, this Chief Minister is an A'chik and not a Hynniewtrep.
“The last elections are different from the upcoming elections because in this election we will discuss three important issues – the development of agriculture, the creation of appropriate laws. and the customs and traditions of the Jaitbynriew and the future of the children and those who will be born.
Nongbri Brothers also struggled to score more goals and didn't allow Azriel to score.
Shillong: MeECL, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that MeECL has decided to suspend the power outage from midnight on 11th November
“Because even if these foreigners are skilled and bring victory to the state, the aspiration and purpose of that is to develop the youth of the jaidbynriew in sports will not succeed,” said the KSU. “The introduction of foreign players or allowing foreigners to play from the state will be a loss to the youth of the state and also an encouragement to the youth of the state to develop their talents,” said the KSU. The KSU urges the Meghalaya Cricket Association, the Meghalaya Basketball Association and others to elect players to lead the state. to include Khasi, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam or Garo and to exclude foreigners even if they are skilled or have received village permits or even if they are “As part of encouraging the Khasi youth in sports, the KSU is ready to take strong action if there is any rejection. Khasi youth to lead the state.
However, what we see now that is happening these days and in the past and especially now that has destroyed the uniqueness of the nation is the lack of unity among the youth of the country, the There is a lack of understanding among each other and especially the emergence of many groups. This excessive emergence of different groups does not improve the country and the nation.
Shngain Singh also alleged that the jobs he runs through the Jobcard are those that he has been doing torti and without anything.
“As of now, the price of Sying is very high because the price of Sying has reached T.100 per kilo, so when the farmer goes to sell 1000 kilos, he is cut off to 100 kilos. The Sying farmer has lost up to T.10,000 tyngka and this is the main reason why the Sying farmers are facing difficulties from the buyers,” said the Sying farmer.
I would like to know briefly about NEICC and how it was started.
At the same time, Bah Dundee said, “The State needs to have a fully fledged department like the SB, CID to fight against drugs in the State”.
This is on the basis of preventing and curbing the spread of covid 19 which has spread to many states of India including Assam which neighbors Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Bah Ernest said, “As of now, we are still in the process of strengthening the state in Meghalaya”.
However, the loss of control over one's own life becomes the most serious illness.
He used the vehicle to carry the body to the coal mine.
JACATAM is the umbrella of 10 non-government school teachers' unions from lower primary to college.
“The government has not been silent regarding the emergence of these illegal factories, as since November last year, many illegal factories have been closed down,” said the statement.
According to the public opinion, no one wants to introduce any good idea to build the future of the country and the nation but this is difficult to implement in everyday life.
“We are concerned that the CAB will work without the Sixth Schedule.
If we forget, there were two Khasi soldiers who went to fight in the Second World War.
The polling will be held in two phases, where the elections for Tripura West Lok Sabha constituency and Ramnagar Assembly constituency are scheduled to be held on 19th June followed by the elections for Tripura East. Lok Sabha constituency on 26th June.
“They are trying to mislead the people for political gain,” said Bah Shibun and added that the people need to sleep well to avoid being misled.
These businesses accounted for 16% of the participants with Accuvate Software, EXL, LatentView Analytics, Merilytics, Mphasis and ShopUp partnering with the institution for the first time.
“The Prime Minister has taken this issue seriously.
This was announced by Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan at a meeting held at Kynshi today, during the distribution of schemes to the villages and women's groups.
Yes, from 1980 to 2014 (with the closure of NGT) every day for 34 years.
Through the complaint, the CWC, Shella Block has accused the KSU of killing Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
The closing date for receipt of application forms is 20th November
On Thursday morning, seven children who were detained in the detention center for robbery, escaped by taking advantage of the detention centre.
Italy has reported 889 new cases of the coronavirus in a single day, bringing the death toll to 10,023, the Civil Protection Agency said. on 21st June 2020 in Italy.
Rahul Gandhi also congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi for respecting the decision of the people of the country.
The Chief Minister said that many of those who came from abroad have been employed in health centers and other jobs, this is the beginning and the government will continue to provide more assistance. for the remainder.
Regarding the government's decision to create a new post in MeECL where the post of MD and Chairman will be divided into separate posts, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R asked why the government has not created a new post in MeECL. She wants to create new posts in this department even after she admitted that this department has never been able to generate any revenue.
In a complaint to the CEO, the Congress party demanded that Sections 499 and 500 should be brought under Sections 499 and 500 to prosecute journalists and BJP office bearers. The students have been asked to bring their Aadhar number before the 28th June
He said the government should not force them to self quarantine at home especially those who do not have enough space at home and those who do not have enough income. him.
how can we forget such things?
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwansing Tariang, said that this is a special day especially to help others in this world of wealth, selfishness and selfishness. I don't know where the nation will go.
Paul declares that he knows him whom he believed, 2 Tim.
Tony Shylla, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that these foreigners were first arrested by the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat. They did not leave the country, but they fled a little bit from the place, where they went to stand lymbung on the balcony of the The Corona Screening Center at Byrnihat, for the purpose of preventing the entry of other vehicles into the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambor said that according to the research, more than 5000 plastic bags are used daily in Shillong market alone and how much more in the state as a whole.
As Pa Doloi, even though he works until he is old, he is still able to fulfill the task in his life to serve the children of the Elaka.
The rain is a gift from God and we have to experience and receive it with gratitude.
Signal and Hadeo are two GNLA members who are being sought by the police like Sohan D Shira.
The MCO-23 Examination was held in November, 2023 for these three teams at USTM, Shillong College and Don Bosco. College, Tura.
France had many chances to score but couldn't score many goals against Nigeria. France had many chances to score. Nigeria also scored from 12 corners in the 79th minute, while Nigeria scored from 9 corners. France have 54% while Nigeria have 46%.
Up to 150 hectares of farmland in Gohpur Revenue Circle and Kalaigaon Revenue Circle have been affected by the floods.
However, all the signs and development works have been done by the leaders of the hill parties.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai. 60 new cases of COVID-19, 119 recoveries in the State today Everyone.
The bridge has recently been opened after repairs.
Scientists have used large amounts of this B3, more than can be obtained from foods, in their tests, which were conducted in animals as well as in the blood of humans. man.
“The incident happened three days ago, when 15,20 members of the AICC, including The Pastor, who went to that place to buy a Bible.
They (Governments of Assam and Meghalaya) have acted too quickly to sign a MoU which has no basis according to the Constitution or the law and they have gone before the Minister of Home Affairs to say that we have “We have signed a MoU,” said the JACBOM leader. Expressing that the Government should investigate before settling the border with the Assam Government, Bah Erwin said, “ The State Government, if it does not want to go to the Supreme Court, should have seen under Article 263 that in any border dispute with any State, the President should set up the Interstate Council.
However, the KSU has expressed its surprise that the government has not appointed others to fill the vacancy even after being called for the vacancy.
They said that many residents in the state need blood and many have lost their lives due to the lack of timely blood supply.
Raising the issue at the end of the KHADC Dorbar Lyïur, Bah Sohshang said that the sales deeds were completed in 2015 and why did it take so long?
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday announced that a new inquiry has been launched to verify whether there has been an overpayment of compensation for the land purchased for the construction of the airport. you don't have Umroi.
“They are just misleading to say that they have complained for a year and a half or that they are seeking information through RTI. “It's not like we're going to be able to answer because the matter is still pending,” said Pastor Phawa.
In the absence of any laws it also forms a system of architecture which according to the house owners, I cannot forget when I came back from the institute in those years, I went to follow a friend to visit the house where he lives, his place of residence is inside the house where the sun does not shine in the morning or afternoon or evening and he says that there are times when it is hot and there are times when it is cold. It was cold because the house was under the roof where the sun didn't shine and the wind didn't blow.
“I explain here to Lahkmen that I am only a supporter of Stephanson who is a friend,” said Prakash.
He said that if we work hard to farm fish, the production of fish will increase by about 30% as at present the State produces only 30% but still relies on importing fish for about 70%.
The shopkeepers and shopkeepers of the village were also shocked.
In fact, the situation and security in Afghanistan is said to have improved since the Taliban took control of the country in January 2021, but the militant group is said to have IS has become increasingly violent and has intensified its attacks from time to time.
The source said that the Government wants the Committee not to take too long by holding more meetings and if possible, it should be completed by July.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong's Kynsailang Khongsit has joined Hyderabad FC for the second division of the I-League
Shillong, Lber 3: The General Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle has been released on bail today after being arrested yesterday.
We also request the police department at Mawdiangdiang Police Outpost Check Point to check this behavior of the taxi drivers.
Shillong: The office of the Horticulture Development Officer today held an interaction program at the Tea Development Center Umsning.
At the same time, he invited the children of the village to participate in any activities of the village so that the good activities of the village as a whole can be carried out.
“We have published in the newspapers but they have not responded,” he said.
The IMD has 26 offices across India and these have cooperation in all the areas where these environmental observatories are located, whether it is weather or earthquake monitoring. .
He said that the price of saw timber has been increased from T.500 to T.5000 per truck, Sawn Timber from T.200 to T.2000 per truck, Thang timber from T.200 per truck. T.2000, siej from T.200 to T.1000, thri from T.300 to T.5000 and dhoop from T.300 to T.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said this morning that three more cases have been confirmed from Goalpara.
Our leaders these days have not entered politics to serve the people but to win and benefit themselves,” said Pala.
“Before the Government's invitation, we will discuss with the MDCs and a decision will be taken to submit it to the Government,” he said. District Council.
Members of Self Help Groups (SHGs), Youth Clubs and other NGOs from the area attended the event.
Katoki said there is a fund of T.400 crore, which the state government can use to help those injured or even killed in the coal blockade.
Relationship between District Councils and Elaka: District Councils are empowered to enact laws relating to the appointment of Chiefs or Headmen, such as Sordars, Doloi, Nokma and others. District Governors or residents and their succession (Paragraph 3 (g) of the Sixth Scheduled).
Rupert M. Sangma, former EM of GHADC, Tura constituency8
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KP Pangniang, President of the NPP, expressed his gratitude to the NPP Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC) for joining the party. All of them are from Umsning and Mawhati.
He said that until now the students have faced many problems due to the lack of hostel especially those who came to study from remote villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A woman has been crying for more than 10 hours due to the behavior of the slip issuers at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The Director of Sports & Youth Affairs, S.Awasthi (IAS) was the chief guest and hoisted the flag at the opening ceremony of these three competitions. Sampath Kumar Commissioner Secretary, MSOA office bearers, Sports officers, DSOs, at the meeting held at Mawsmai.
This was announced by the shopkeepers at a meeting today, convened by the Urban and Municipal Department on how to clean up the city of Shillong.
The Deputy Commissioner warned that any land dealers who fail to cooperate with the Magistrates will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Mebanker Shullai won the 11th District Open Badminton Championship held by the West Jaintia District Open Badminton Championship (WJDBA) at the Indoor Hall of Seinraij Jowai on Saturday night.
The Secretary of the Village, Bah Marius Nongsiej, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the Executive Engineer (EE), who after discussing and conveying these issues to the Dorbar, the EE, listened and appreciated. He promised that he will take action this year from the office to resolve these problems which the village has been facing for decades.
He expressed his regret that some villages have not implemented the schemes properly and this has made him very sad as the leader of the area.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the households who have been destroyed should not do any work in the area and the government will not demolish their houses until a decision is taken from the court. Court.
Shillong, July 2: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) will convene a meeting of all opposition MLAs this month to discuss the decision of the Speaker to appoint only 10 members. to the ruling MLAs in various committees of the State Legislative Assembly.
It was here that God used Isaiah to prophesy about that voice that came from heaven because he saw for himself his great glory and that the seraphs cried out, Holy, Holy, Holy. .
At present, the BJP leaders in the state who are in the Executive Committee have expressed their disapproval of the announcement of the name of Ma Shibun, while the leaders from Delhi who are in charge of the state have left. Ma Shibun turned away as soon as he had announced.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday said that Mukroh village is part of Assam as it falls under West Karbi Anglong District.
They promised many things before the elections, but did they keep their promises?
So on the first day, the president's leaders visited the site to inspect.
He said police have registered a case on the incident and will conduct a thorough investigation.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that during the formation of the MDA-1 government in 2018, during the tenure of late Dr. Donkupar Roy, The UDP has signed an agreement with the UDP in the 2019 elections. However, in the 2023 government elections, there is no agreement with the UDP. The NPP has decided not to nominate its own candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, Samla Banjop Maring, President of the Eastern Border Area and other leaders. They should take action so that the people of this village will not be afraid.
Speaking on the 1000 acre land, Diengdoh said it is true that the Raid Tynring has offered to sell and has chosen the land which has rich land, but on the part of MUDA. I don't work for this place, he said.
This is how it has been since the beginning of the world – now it is in the sky like a lashi-bit, it is on the ground like water – equally.
There are three employees including one Khasi and two Garo who provide training to the trainees according to the direction of the office.
He said that there should be a valid reason why the government chooses only schools from Khasi Hills or Garo Hills, not just to do it.
“We have already received a notice from the DCA that we have received permission from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has given permission to hold this fishing competition within the area. The district administration has already suspended the case and the district administration will follow up on the same case.
I who have cut down the stone and the tree understand better.
Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew on Tuesday said that she has tried to bring peace between the Seng Khasi Mylliem and the Madan ïng Syiem village authorities over the incident. This happened on the 11th of July which caused a difference of opinion between the village authorities and the Seng Khasi.
JOWAI: The Eva Yan Pictures Society (EVA) will hold its first musical concert known as the Countdown 2020 New Year Bash to welcome the New Year in East Jaintia Hills District.
On the 2nd of November, Mukhla Evergreen will play against Nangbah Iawmusiang at 12 pm, while the Super Division match will be played on the 6th of November between Niaw Wasa Utd at 1:30 pm.
Referring to the match, it was witnessed that the players of Lajong were encouraged to play at home by the love of the fans and according to the estimates, more than 6000 spectators on that day.
There is no reason to say that a native does not know how to trade, how to sell a shop because there are many natives who can do these simple things.
It has affected the weak and the poor the most and the people have not forgotten their suffering.
The worst thing is that even for the young job seekers who are in the mind job seekers and employers have to pay if they give jobs.
She said that as Christians we should think carefully about our own lives and for the sake of the people.
“We urge the government to create adequate measures like the ILP to prevent the illegal entry of people into the state which has put the citizens at risk,” said Bah RA. Lyngdoh, one of the senior members of the UDP who was also elected as the president of the UDP East Khasi Hills at the meeting held on Thursday.
This word has become and works as it appears today, for that reason it causes evil to grow, because we don't understand that God is the source of all wisdom. the wisdom is in you.
He said that when Bah Warjri went to give his support to the NPP to form the government, he went with the strong foundations of the party to protect the country and the nation. he sold the land.
As proof that this allegation is baseless, the BJP has confirmed that it was because of such criticisms made during the election campaign that it lost the election. It was held last month in Karnataka.
The police have done their duty and I commend them.
He said that the traffic jam is not only today, but has been going on for several days now.
When attempting to contact the authorities, they refused to meet the media.
But sin has overcome you, and you have no power of your own to resist its power.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Charles Pyngrope said that the TMC in Meghalaya, after seeing the plight of the people and poverty, has launched a scheme known as the WE Card from the for women and MYE Card for youth.
The fact, first of all, is that MeECL, has taken too much advantage, because it is the only one, which distributes electricity to the entire state and this has not forgiven at all, even the figures, which have come out. from 10 hundred shipiah or 10 tyngka or two tyngka, but it demands exactly that they pay the firefighters and then, it was seen that the collection department of this department, is corrupt and cheating with the The first reason is that during the curfew, they don't go to check the meter and wait, only during the time of peace, while they don't hesitate to admit that they work in the essential service department. When the electricity bill increases, they always blame the meter that is open and the blame is that many of them are not good at checking the meter and in the end, they have to pay nothing.
Once again, the Cultural Committee of Seng Khasi Kmie invites you all to come and witness and watch these two days of programs. precious things that can be gathered and brought home.
The shops which were destroyed by the fire include two sha shops and three grocery shops owned by Ridalin Lyngkhoi, Iawanhun Ramsiej, Pimulin Wartde, Drip Wartde and Bonlina Kharjahrin.
Besides insurgency, the meeting also discussed other crimes that happen on the border such as theft, robbery, kidnapping and looting.
He said that this shows that the government is corrupt. “Now we don't trust the government anymore and this plan for peace talks will not go anywhere”.
Everyone expects that under his leadership, education and the state as a whole will bring about a real change in our state from the point of view of economic development and education.
However, it can be related to another English word Chalk (shok) – which means Mawthoh.
He said that in Guwahati, too, both his daughter and Mohan had taken pictures of each other and these pictures had been handed over to the police for verification.
The race, known as the “Run for Peace” which also marks the celebration of National Unity Day 2019, is an open category for women and women. The race started at 7 pm from Saiden Indoor Stadium and ended at NSCA Indoor Stadium, Umlyngkdait.
Not only that, the Principal has been trying to increase the salaries of the teachers and today the teachers have gone to demand their rights. KJDSTA President MS Lyngdoh and Secretary G Kharmujai were also present.
We must also keep in mind that everyone who lives in Meghalaya is a citizen of Meghalaya and our duty is to protect and ensure that we solve this problem without causing harm. When asked whether the Government will implement the law to protect those who live in Them Iewmawlong, Conrad Sangma said, “The question now is why the previous Government did not do so.
Imphal: The Naga People's Front (NPF) has decided to withdraw its support to the BJP government in Manipur.
He said that there will be a follow-up on this issue at the level of the BDO. A public awareness campaign on self-care has been conducted and known as “Hamara Sankalp Visitation India”.
However, the High Court did not accept the reply received from Singh and said that instead of doing what is necessary, it appeared that he had no responsibility to do what was necessary. It is better for him to invite him to be present to take a decision on the need to provide security for the retired judges of the Court.
“Where shall I stand, when hundreds of my people have left the NPP, then where shall I go, then I have to follow them,” said Danggo.
In the second service, a message from the Word of God was delivered by Rev.E.K.Mujat based on the book of 1 Samuel – 30:8
Shillong: U Bah Sayeedullah Nongrum today filed his nomination papers as the UDP candidate for the mid-term elections in Selsella.
Tbn Khranglin Lyngkhoi, Adviser of the Kur Lyngkhoi SengKmie, also launched the Constitution of the Kur Lyngkhoi.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The KHNAM Youth Wing today demanded from the Minister of Electricity, Clement R Marak that the government through MeECL should release the results. years of your work.
There are many places to visit in Khasi Hills.
When God loves us, He doesn't just give us peace and happiness, but He tests our lives with the tests that He gives us all these things. that we should not forget him because God knows all that is to come because he knows that if he gives us only that happiness in our lives we can forget him. God because we don't have that suffering because while we are alive on earth we are filled with trials in our lives and if we don't get that suffering we will forget it. God loves us so much that He will give us all these things in our lives. that we may remember him in all the days and hours of our lives and be patient in all these sufferings so that we may receive that peace and happiness in the kingdom of heaven. heaven and Blei.
Police are investigating into the incident.
Some of them are street vendors,” said the director of the Manbha Foundation while delivering a speech on the occasion at NEHU. Of the 320 registered voters, 100 were single.
He said that the Syiem had asked questions, which were insulting and forced them to speak on issues that were against foreigners.
The staff of the PHC said that for two months now, there has been no electricity or water supply at the PHC.
“No one has ever been convicted without proof,” she said. “Use it, wave your hand as you wish, I am not afraid because I have done it. plenty of great works.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said that strong security forces were provided for the rally. “The bomb blast is not the weakness of the security forces but it is a show of force not only in Bihar but “The government will provide T.5 lakh to the families of those killed in the bomb blast,” said Kumar.
The turnout till 1 pm was 67.76 per cent.
The semifinals and finals of the tournament are scheduled to be held tomorrow, 19th June
A close follower of Bah Julius said that in 2018, Bah Ju will win again from Mawhati constituency.
The public awareness meeting was held at ATS Kyortyrkhang, Khliehtyrshi West Jaintia Hills District where officers from Block Office, KVK, Agriculture, Branch Manager SBI, Jowai, LPG Gas Agency leaders gave explanations to the participants. He also discussed many government schemes including PMAY, PMJAY, NRML, Atal Pension Scheme, PM Jan Dhan Yojana, Nano Fertilizers and other schemes for the benefit of the villagers.
The duty of the candidate before the election is to win the vote of our people.
Hek's remarks came after he recently suggested to the party to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats.
Before concluding his speech, the Minister urged the people to be patient as it is understood that this issue cannot be ignored after this incident as it was decided to complete the demarcation in the country. months ago.
He said that the traffic from the villages in Merghalaya and Assam is no longer as it used to be but there have been many kinds of harassment.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms Nongbet said that agriculture in the state and especially in East Jaintia Hills has increased significantly in the past few years.
Kong Kurbah also recalled the dedication of Capt.
Wahid, who is also a player of Madrasa Hemayatul, scored 42 runs from 23 balls and through his contribution, his school won the title. They won in 10.5 overs and lost in 5 wickets.
Speaking to media, Lambor said that at this meeting, Brigadier Singh, who came to lead the Assam Riffle, said that they have found a man. They did not participate in the rape of children on the 25th of this month.
This is one of the policies introduced by the Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as one of the ways to improve the livelihood of the people in terms of trade and investment. now.
In the last 40 years, the state has had one government after another but we have all witnessed many corruption and corruption cases and no laws have been passed for the benefit of the state. im the death of the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : The Lok Sabha on Tuesday passed the Women's Reservation Bill.
The NGT has banned coal mining in the state since 2014 but there has been no suspension of coal mining so far.
Lyngdoh said the allocation for the market is T.5.29 crore and the Council has received only T.3.54 crore.
According to the source, the mother and son killed their father after a quarrel over their household chores. he was bombed and tied to death.
This was from 2019 and ended in 2021 and she gave an explanation to him to leave, but no one listened or believed this explanation of the owner.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Union, Alan Niangti, the General Secretary of the Union, Riquoma Rq.Laloo, other members of the Union and Sonia Pala.
There are only 19 seats won by the ethnic parties and we need the support of national parties like the TMC and Congress,” he said.
When it comes to our own nation, we have our own language, but the characters to write them were changed by the missionaries who came across the sea. writing, which will appear in the stories, puriskam and many other types of writings as a sign to observe the new identity of the Khasi people on this earth.
The Ministry of AYUSH has partnered with the Government of India to promote medical tourism through the Ayutveda Parv to promote the study, production and use of traditional medicines.
Jowai, November 6: Many residents have informed that there has been a traffic jam from Kong-ong-Tahkniang to Phramer this morning due to the police have deployed coal trucks to search for the suspects. Illegal coal smuggling kit from Jaintia Hills to Assam.
Although the party has not announced the name of its candidate from Shella constituency in 2018, it is understood from the speeches of its leaders that the ticket will go to Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw. It is difficult to develop the party in Shella constituency.
Three teams including the Police Department and two schools took part in the parade.
The government has arrested my son without any reason and they cannot prove anything.
Besides winning the title of the tournament, the team of North Garo Hills District has come after the players of the district, from the first day of the tournament. To take part in this tournament, it was clearly seen that the determination, dedication and dedication of all the athletes in all kinds of sports whether it is on the track or in the field of sports. field event.
The winner of the tournament received a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka and a trophy, while the runner up received a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka and a trophy.
Pomshutia, 1 Lber:It is a happy day for Pomshutia and its surrounding villages in Pynursla area today as the Secondary School was opened in Pomshutia village. they can continue their education in their village until Matriculation.
These members of HANM, KSU from Narpuh Elaka and others from Thangskai have expressed their opposition to the public hearing conducted by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. (MSPCB).
He said the Executive Engineer has admitted that he has not received authority from the office to continue the investigation.
Nandeeka Ltd., Assam on Tuesday launched an incense stick containing 22 types of incense sticks from BP Thangkhiew Bamboo Industries. which is located in the village of Myrdon.
On the statements of Prestone Tynsong who said that he had sent people to talk after the elections, Khan denied that there was such a call for talks and said that all these statements are true. only they mislead the people.
He said that the people should examine the way they (other political parties) criticize and throw stones at the NPP.:Former MLA of Sohiong, NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang has sent his condolences on the passing away of former MLA HDR Lyngdoh.
Meanwhile, we see that the appearance, physical appearance and skin of the children born from unclean marriage is completely different from ours.
While poor countries are struggling to fight against this disease, at the same time rich countries that produce drugs are imposing laws on other countries.
He said that after someone saw the child in Mawlai, they phoned the Officer-In-Charge, Laitumkhrah PS, after an article appeared in the newspapers today, and the police came. to take away the child.
"It is to be recalled that police have recovered the body of Bah Harpish from a well on Mawiong Sung Valley Road, Mawryngkneng after arresting three persons involved in the murder of Bah Harpish. you're rang bah.
Chetan Krishnaswamy, Vice President of Public Policy at Amazon India, said, “The online shopping pattern of people in the North East has increased rapidly, and the Thank you all for choosing from many and it is very easy, and we want to spread this message to many by taking advantage of All India Radio which can broadcast all over the world.
I find that in these days parents are afraid to talk to their children, because they already know all these things.
South Garo Hills Police together with BSF troops on 8th July seized 11,000 kilos of tyrkhong kwai intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 02: U Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister, on Friday alleged that the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma The former Chief Minister and his team have already decided to leave the AITC and join the BJP after the 2023 elections.
“After meeting with the NPP leaders including Conrad K Sangma and Prestone Tynsong many times, we understand that these leaders have the right to vote. We will work as hard as we can to win the NPP candidate Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in the upcoming MP election.
Remember that MLAs and government officers do not send their children to school in this state because they feel that those schools/colleges/universities are not good at all.
The Jan Dhan Plus program encourages low-income women to save, with more than 12 million women using it (as of June 2023) with a 50% increase in balance in just three months , compared to overall this over the same period.
The trailer of the film will be released on 2nd November and the film will be released on 21st November
“We have demanded that the Government should regulate the school fees especially in Government aided schools and private schools as this has affected the students and parents. well.
Those who witnessed the inauguration ceremony include Lambokstar Marngar, President KSU Sengkmie, Biangbor L. Paliar, Vice-President Ferdynald Kharkamni; KSU President James H. Mawphniang, General Secretary and many others.
The General Secretary of the HNLC questioned why from time to time the State Government does not need to impose conditions on them to surrender their weapons first and then talk.
Until now, there are many organizations which have not received skilled leaders because they have not received adequate training in public affairs.
He said that in two meetings with the Dorbar Shnongs, there was a voice that the villages want to join hands to recognize and fight against the menace of drugs.
The church represents the presence of a loving God who cares for all people.
However, to add, how many people wonder where the source of evil comes from and why there is so much evil these days.
He said the drugs seized in 2022 are worth around Rs 50 crore.
Therefore, the Seng has given two days to these shops to provide the necessary documents and if the Seng finds that they are fighting against it, it will take the necessary action.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of MMSA Dr Y Phira said, “The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Kong RM Kurbah has called us for a meeting this evening and after talking to us, she has promised to take action. We hope that the government will keep its promise to punish the officials of the Indian Institute of Public Health (IIPH) according to the rules of law. DHS (MI) Dr Aman War has been insulted by some media persons because this affects them as doctors as their head”.
“At the hearing held on the 3rd, the human rights as defined in Article 21 were brought up and it was found that the rights of Bah Rymbai have been violated and for this reason we have applied for bail. " he said again.
Kashmir is exactly on the two scales of Ceylon and Assam.
Many of them have donated from Shillong.
Measures such as the Social Progress Index that look at social issues, practices and understanding of information could be stronger and more reliable.
The award was presented by Dr Biba, State NVBDCP Program Officer on the occasion of World Malaria Day.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday strongly criticized the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) for failing to fulfill its duties which has led to the destruction of the NH-6
From the certificates sent by many of the Chief Ministers, it was said that each Chief Minister from the State Assemblies and Union Territories has a 33.96 crore.
On the part of the UDA MDCs, they have resigned to oppose the actions of the Lamphang,” said Bah Metbah.
These are a few words quoted from paragraph 18 of the Supreme Court Judgment.
The General Secretary of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) Defender S. Lamare in an interview with the media said that the association has already sent a letter to the Chief Minister. He also asked the Finance Department of the State Government to pay the salaries of 12,451 thousand SSA teachers by the 12th of this month.
Do you think that I, the Mother who gave birth to you, will leave you alone?
In fact, the soskular ai wai expired in 2000, but Bawri took the matter to court and it is still unknown where the matter went, said Bah Wellbirth.
It may be recalled that the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sumer was robbed and injured by a group of five robbers in a Maruti Gypsy while he was on his way in a Maruti Alto at Moopala.
They don’t know how to talk but their actions point to that.
On the opening day, there was also a fitness art, fashion show and Elvis and Beatles show at Polo Fifth Ground, Ward's Lake, the Northeast NCC Cultural Jamboree.
The Sauramandala Foundation, which is a civil society organization, has been able to address these issues in the rural and remote areas.
It is also prohibited to drink alcoholic beverages and engage in illegal activities in vehicles, and to play music near schools, places of worship, hospitals and near people's homes after 10 pm. .
Shillong: Manuel Badwar, Congress candidate, has won 3 out of 29 seats in Khasi. Shillong: Manuel Badwar, Congress candidate, has been defeated by Dr M.Ampareen Lyngdoh. from East Shillong constituency, said that his entry into politics was because they did not exist since he was born, because his father, Bah Upstar Kharbuli, was an MLA in the state. this time.
Shillong, July 28: The MDC elections in some constituencies have been promised to sit if they have lost their tickets.
Pasan Hill will receive the awards on the 25th of this month at the Indian Society of International Law, New Delhi. and the Supreme.
The Son of God existed before he was with God in heaven.
This was announced by the Commissioner & Secretary, Planning Department in a statement sent on Saturday, saying that the State Government is considering whether to file a complaint against Gokhale for these allegations. falsehoods, unfounded allegations, allegations spread through the media, which has disgraced the State Government and the Head Officers.
Rynsun is used not only in medicine, but also as a plant used in rituals.
The Raid Wahkhen, the Syiem of the Khyrim Hima, Pa'iem Balajied Sing Syiem, was present at the ceremony. Lyngkyrdem MDC Jansing Tynsong, OC Pynursla Police Station and others were also invited.
Selvastone Marak tied for 53 while Brian Lara Sangma scored for 4/7
The death toll has risen to two after the driver of a Maruti Swift died at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
It is to be recalled that many civil society groups, village headmen of Them Ribhoi and religious leaders have expressed their opposition to this government's plan since it became public.
Kharpuri said that the kilo cut in Ïewduh has always existed and since 2019, the Hima Mylliem has issued a notification saying that the kilo cut should no longer exist. , and since then, there have been no more complaints or complaints of being cut kilos, but suddenly it reappears now.
At this meeting, an explanation was given on the party's policies and the public was very impressed.
He also expressed his dissatisfaction with being MLA and MDC at the same time as both these positions are heavy.
Why do the Khasi have the Sha nation of Kynthei? I will bring some parts according to my knowledge through the stories I have collected.
This was announced by Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA while talking to Mawphor at SAI Center after the match.
In the investigation, the union found that some households in the Mawkhar circle are still employing non-native workers. If the locals are unable to work and when they bring in other foreigners, please inform the residents and cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs to avoid any tragic incident. from the spread of this disease.
Later, he took over the leadership of the JSU and together with the existing leaders, he took issues to force the government to set up a Blood Bank, MPSC Cell, MBOSE Cell and others for the benefit of the students.
He said that the Ministry has also proposed to appoint a new Mission Director for the DREAM Project as the current Director does not have enough time due to many responsibilities within the Ministry of Home Affairs. .
They were welcomed by the Chairman, EAC Sohra, J. Umdor, General Secretary of EKHLTDA, Wandonbok Jyrwa.
However, in this age, many of them have begun to ignore or refuse to speak their own language, but they have forgotten that the danger is already there because no nation, which forgets or who doesn't know his own language, may disappear completely from this face of the earth.
Nongpoh, June 08: The Deputy Commissioner (S) today announced that the AAY, PHH and NON-NFSA rice for the month of June 2024 has been released to all the Fair Price Shops in Ri Bhoi District. , where free AAY rice was distributed at 35 kilos per household for those who have AAY Card, free PHH rice was distributed at 5 kilos per capita, 7.215 kilos of NON-NFSA rice has been distributed to those households who have Non-NFSA Cards at the price of Rs.10.82p per kilo.
This is part of the efforts of the union to help as much as possible on many requests received from the owners of the ship and also from the fishermen which has come to the scores of the union from the union. for sha for,.
Regarding his main goal for the people of Nongkrem constituency if he is elected as their leader, the first thing is health to bring health facilities to the people of Nongkrem constituency. There is only one PHC in the constituency.
Marcuise N Marak's statement came after allegations by Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar that he wanted to appoint his brother-in-law, Dasakhiat Lamare, former MLA of the state. Mawhati to become the MP candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly.
This situation in EJHD especially in Lad-Rymbai has put the future of the students in dark,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
Similarly, there are cases where men are more aggressive than women who are aggressive and aggressive.
According to the RTI, the no objection certificate started in 2012 and ended in November
100 computers, 100 mobile phones and other necessary items were seized from them.
The schemes launched today include 73 schemes under the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) including 63 schemes worth T.2.5 crore under the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF). 5 scholarships worth T.81 lakh, 3 scholarships worth T.2 lakh from the Intensive Arts & Culture Development Program (IACDP), 3 scholarships worth T.2 lakh from DTFM, one scholarship worth T. .2 lakh and the Intensive Sports and Youth Development Program (ISYDP) one for the year 2021-2
The CM said; “Our goal is to encourage chemical-free farming throughout the State and this ability to bring in this fertilizer is one of the main tasks.
The VPP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, on Tuesday completed his counting of votes at Dong Kadiang Polling Station.
“There are about 70 people who have been given a place to sit on the roof of the parking lot,” he said.
One of the deceased was from East Khasi Hills District.
The Federation has decided that if the government remains silent until that date, it will take to the streets again to hold stronger protests.
Many of the residents of the area have expressed their anger over the ban on vehicles and said that in fact they should have given advance notice but to do so quickly has caused a lot of trouble to the people. Especially those who come for treatment and medicine from Guwahati.
However, although we have not found anything, we have a suspicion that there may have been a serious theft and this has been witnessed according to our findings during this inspection.
They were identified as Basudev Rabha, 22, Songeet Rabha, 21, and Mahadev Rabha,
For electricity, it has been decided that by October, 2018, all the villages should have electricity.
Israel has ignored the international call for a ceasefire, but has launched its warplane attacks on Wednesday, in which one warplane dropped a bomb. in a house, where they live, robbers and which killed 2 people and injured 4 others.
Lovingstar Suting scored the first goal for Dulong while P.Papang scored the first goal for FAM in the 33rd minute.
Those who own land and non-residents in Lumshyiap are kindly requested to meet the Rangbah Shnong with the documents (dulir) to verify their land before the cleanliness date.
“There is no shortage of information, especially in this State where we struggle to hide things and don't want to reveal them outside the home.
He also urged the youth to continue to work hard to improve in their lives especially in sports.
On the other hand, Bah W.Wanniang said that the cleaning of the road from Pyndengwar to Mawpud has been allocated under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) scheme in collaboration with the PWD department. total amount of T.384,942 lakh.
“If we haven't gone wrong anywhere, the Court will not interfere at all,” he said, referring to the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
The meeting took four resolutions, the first resolution was that the government should remove and destroy all the writings which said that the land under the British Government should be government land.
“In fact, we are Khasi and we are called Maram on the basis that we are the children of the Maharam Hima.
Ma Stephanson said that the Local MLA who is the Minister of Border Area, but in his view there are still many shortcomings in the border areas due to the negligence of the Minister of Border.
Besides, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has claimed that the PMGSY scheme has brought about economic development in the state. Has he forgotten that this scheme belongs to the central government?”
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Wankhraw Kupar Kharbuli said that they have received a complaint from the BDO of Laskeiñ that the construction of the road has reached Khatkasla village. Click here to find out the truth.
Italian coast guards said the ship, which was carrying many people, capsized after a storm in Crotone.
You shouldn't have a por.
Those who came later relied on the mercy of their master who said, "Whatever is enough for you.
He said that after the arrest of these trucks, the police dropped off the coal and seized the 12 trucks, but after the owners of these trucks fled the scene, The court has released the trucks.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Langdonbor Chyne, resident of the house, said that he saw the bird at 9 pm this evening. Suddenly he went to stand in the hole inside the house and immediately he took and put the bird away.
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills today arrested two truck drivers and seized 250 kg of Bhang (Ganja). to more than Rs 65 lakh.
The Winter Tales will be held for three days from 14th to 16th November, and through the festival will also be a platform for musicians, craftsmen and regional artists from the state as well as various food items.
“Some of these factories have received permission from the Government but some have not yet received permission from the Pollution Control Board,” he said. Cooperation between the Heads of Government and Government authorities in this regard.
Marcuise N Marak, Minister of Soil and Water Conservation, was the chief guest.
These lights will be installed until 3/01/2
Shillong, Lber 27: Ka Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, JP Nadda at his office in New Delhi. She expressed the urgent need for the Government of India to approve the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
He also alleged that many of the Sengbhalang in East Jaintia Hills are involved in the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh and other illegal smuggling of minerals.
From the beginning to the end, there is a sacrifice to commemorate the ancestors of the Syiem of Shillong and the chiefs of the Shillong Hima.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, FASTOM Spokesperson Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, said that the Chief Minister has asked for six months to implement the issue. their demand.
We are living in the last days because "blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
The injured were identified as Zakir Ali, Mojial Ali and Ahidur Ali.
The party urges the village leaders and the people to take action on this issue, because if they do not take action or allow foreigners to enter at will, a great danger awaits the state. Assam has reported cases of Covid-19 in Assam and especially in the area near Assam.
The awards were distributed by the Chief Guest and Waheh Shnong and members of BYWSC. Up to 10 villages from Bataw village participated in this interdong.
The festival was opened at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Tourism and Arts & Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was the chief guest.
From October 2010 to July 2014, he taught at Porla Nongtrai UP School, West Khasi Hills.
Shillong Airport at Umroi was fully operational in 2018 and now has flights to nine cities including Kolkata and Delhi.
Only 18 players from each school are allowed to be nominated.
“We would also like to inform the Prime Minister to approve the new names of the disabled people who have applied for the CMSA scheme and to allocate funds for food as this is the only way for them to survive. ,' he said.
Shillong: The High Court has decided to grant bail to the MDC of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), who is also the Vice-President of the BJP in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek urged the citizens of the State to start by understanding how to take care of their surroundings and how to preserve the environment.
During the meeting, an elderly man stood up to ask Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit that while he was sitting in the meeting, he received a SMS on his mobile phone asking him to provide his Aadhaar number so that his pension can be released.
“On the other hand, he also suggested to the Government to set up more De-addiction Centers in the State – to help those who have become addicted to drugs especially those who come from low-income families who cannot afford private care.
While other State Parties are weak and do not have the power to run or provide stable governance and many times many Governments and Executive Committees led by the National Parties last only a short period of time. He said that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people are too small compared to other people.
it will attract even the gods if your hearts are pure.
After receiving a WhatsApp message, Rupang.com spoke to Mekin Jio, son of Tymmen Basan, who confirmed the statement. of the Lord and agreed to publish this as a message.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday attended the celebration of the National Voluntary Blood Donation Day held at Nazareth Hospital, Laitumkhrah Shillong.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia Boxing Association in collaboration with the office of the District Sports Officer.
However, many agencies and countries have rejected the allegation by the Israeli army and said it was just a pretext to attack Gaza until it was completely destroyed.
He also lodged a police complaint alleging that the employee had stolen all his documents that he had submitted at the time of joining, which were documents proving his residency.
Conrad Sangma said that he has been a good supporter of PM Modi.
Regarding the increasing number of thefts, u Bah Sawkmie urged the police to take action and increase their patrolling and use their knowledge to curb this incident. these days are not now.
Referring to the past and present of the world, Brep said that the world has changed and there are no more four seasons. , the rain has fallen but now it hasn't gone well.
Besides Modi and Shah, BJP President JP Nadda, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang and Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren were also present.
It is important to avoid as much as possible the thynñiang of chickens in one household or chicken coop.
The complaint was lodged on Thursday against the Executive Engineer, Sujeet P. Marak and three others.
This shows how barbaric Hamas behaved when they entered communities and homes in villages in Israel.
Vehicles will not be allowed to enter Iawmusiang from 9:00 Am to 5:00 Pm on 112.07.2019 and no vehicles will be allowed to park at Ummulong Stand and Nongbah Stand.
Therefore, according to these explanations, all political parties have been directed to be vigilant and refrain from using children for election purposes, and if they do not comply, strict action will be taken against those who violate the rules of the law.
Bah Reginald has been arrested by the police on suspicion of involvement in illegal activities during the protests of the Sengbhalang in these days.
As usual, before the ceremony, the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, used to hold a ceremony of thanksgiving, shat, kheiñ and khriam. three places, first at Lum Dorbar in Lawnongthroh, at Mei Mawbuh and finally at Lum Sohpetbneng.
“I don't know, we'll see when the election is over,” she said.
The Marweiñ Kpoh Kur, Ñai and Ïawnah Pah from Nonglang and Mawlangwir, send their congratulations to all the children who have passed well in the Exam Class X 2021-22 conducted by the MBOSE. I would like to thank all the teachers of the schools who have worked hard day and night, even though they have not been able to hold school properly in the past two years due to the closure of the dam.
She said that in this incident, one of her two-year-old children was also seriously injured when a stone fell from the tyrpeng.
According to the Water Resources Department, Meghalaya receives 2,818mm of rainfall during the year.
Van's team was suspended on Friday following the attack on Tuesday.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra in the last 24 hours has reached 66.4mm.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: Saiden Secondary School U-17 Women's Team has won the Subroto Mukherjee Cup in two matches at the District and State Level. The management of Saiden School in collaboration with the parents of the students and the football players held a special program to honor the players who have brought fame and glory by At the same time, to congratulate these athletes before they leave the state to take part in the National Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup to be held in Delhi.
Bah Marngar said that if the state government wants to give a fair trial to those four families not only those who incident in Mukroh but also those who incident in Langpih, the state government should. to take action so that justice should come and those involved should be punished.
Within 24 hours of the burning of two houses in the fields of the Khanduli, the Karbi burnt down another house on Thursday afternoon while the Khanduli are still open. the door to peace.
Speaking to reporters, MSSASA President Bah Aristotle Rymbai said that SSA teachers in the state have not received their salaries from June to July this year. demand the Government to release their salaries for the months of June and October at least before the 15th of this month and if the Government continues to delay the SSA teachers will not hesitate to take to the streets to force the Government to release their salaries.
This was announced by the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in reply to a brief question by the UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem at the end of the Synrai Dorbar today. Thread.
In conclusion, we as teachers who have no responsibility for education in our state, we would like to request the government not to proceed with this recruitment, not to clarify these issues. All these things, if they are wrong, should be corrected immediately.
“The father is the breeder, who lays the foundation for the children, male and female” (Ka Niam Khasi” 1937, p. 191, Homiwell Lyngdoh).
Care should be taken when building cupboards, doors, or anything else that may fall and cause injury during an earthquake.
Rangbah Khasi who doesn't know, He carries the bah in the dark or in the light;
It is also important to note that no one can know exactly who is carrying the disease until the onset of the disease.
In Khliehriat, James Sutnga, President of the East Jaintia District Football Association (NEFA) and in Jowai, DSO Khroobok Passah, were also present.
He said that up to Rs 1,22,551 crore will be available to encourage the states to introduce these changes in 2022-2
With the joining of these two Congress MDCs, the NPP, which is in power in JHADC, has increased its number of MDCs to 17 including the Nominated MDC. and the BJP 4 members.
We have seen in the last elections in 59 constituencies that the turnout was not very strong.
The UDP has already appointed Bah Pius Marwein as MLA and in order to strengthen the relationship between the two countries in the government, it will ask the UDP to support the NPP candidate. .
“There are those who show EVMs in Hyderabad and Gujarat as well and when I clicked on the BJP symbol, the vote went to the lotus symbol.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Roy expressed his long-standing relationship with Shillong.
Vehicles coming from Shallang, Umdang, Umwahlang, Sonapahar, Nongjri, Riangdim, Mawlangdep and Mawkhlam will stop from the Civil Taxi Stand to Nongstoin Market, opposite Lyngngam School and on to the Soil office.
Introducing the Bill, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that he has previously introduced other Bills for the approval of the House, but they have been rejected.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday arrested four persons, including two women from Churachandpur in Manipur in connection with the kidnapping and murder. of two Meitei students.
Their visit to meet the Union Home Minister at this stage has not benefited the Jaidbynriew but is a political threat.
Wan Salan Dhar, Waheh Chnong of Rhongkum, said that he has tried to inform the SDO of Amlarem Sub-Division. , so that the people can escape from the harassment by the BSF, who are inside the camp at Nongkhen.
The disease has not only affected some countries of the world but has spread all over the world and has caused confusion from the rulers to the government employees especially the employees of the health department. and also to us the people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday attended the closing ceremony of the 100th Anniversary of Laban Bengali Higher Secondary School (LBHSS). Minister of Education, Rakkam A.Sangma.
Modi doesn't hesitate to speak Hindi.
During the inspection, the union found that many electricity poles have been cut off and the union has seen that such electricity posts can stand only with the support of the electricity poles. The deceased was announced by Bah Mathew Pajat, Vice President of the party.
Later, he became the Acting Principal of the school.
As a former leader of the UDP, Donkupar Sumer said that he knows better how the party works and this party is a party that has been run by only a few people. leaders and not a party that listens to leaders or supporters.
"These words are quoted from the first book of Samuel, from the first letter of the Apostle Paul to the Corinthians and from the letter to the Ephesians which is also the central theme of the Convention which says “Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right.
Because those who win do not have the ability to become lawyers or knowledge, responsibility or vision but the real reason is the power of law. currency.
The DC's action should be warned.
He said that it has not been possible to reach the place where the coal mining has been attempted by scientific methods.
Mawkyrwat, June 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle today opened the 1st Memorial Sngap Sing Syiem Football Tournament , the Syiem of Maharam Hima was the chief guest at the Artificial Turf Square, MDSA.
Retired Judge BP Katakey, who was appointed by the court to oversee and ensure the transportation of coal mined in the past, sent an interim report on the 6th. February.
Shillong, Naitung 7: A team of city officials and magistrates from Nongpoh on Tuesday visited Khanapara to investigate the allegation of smuggling of land by Assam by setting up a Five Star Hotel. It is located near Guwahati on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that there are people in remote areas in the villages who, although Bah Pala has been an MP for 10 years, have never heard of him coming to preach like in Mawjai in Ranikor Constituency and Saipung in Jaintia Hills.
But to hear him say, "Once a penny," shocked them all.
But, what can we do for those students who don’t yet understand this? One thing we can do is to explain to them and encourage them that literacy is their own life and death.
She also said that the main goal of the group is to use this project to spread awareness on the importance of biodiversity in the environment. state.
“If the Mawpat and Mawtawar people get married, there will be many problems even to death,” said Bah Reginald Susngi.
There are also allegations that younger girls have been locked up in the house and tortured.
The Minister also recalled that the government last year had canceled the soskular signed for the establishment of Shillong Medical College after it did not do anything even after the end of 10 years.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 1,024 so far.
Ma Firstborn Mannar from Trangblang village, West Jaintia Hill District on Saturday reached out to help the people with disabilities at Moosakhia village.
He said that the central government has already abolished the personal interview since 2016 after which 23 other states and 8 Union Territories have implemented this measure.
The cause of the accident was reportedly due to the collision of a khwai shynreh, which overturned at 3mer shiteng, Upper Shillong.
Nongpoh: After receiving permission from the state government and also after complying with the guidelines issued by the government, the management of Bethany Hospital Outreach Nongpoh, has opened its doors today, after more than a month. The hospital has been closed since the death of Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), who tested positive for COVID-1
He said that the government's assistance does not last at the same price and can rise and fall according to the price of rice in the market.
The social agreement is a key milestone in achieving the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a peaceful, prosperous and free North East region and development in Assam.
For this reason, from an early age, he was sent to school at the Center for the Hearing, Handicapped in Laitumkhrah Shillong under the supervision of Meirilang Kharbangar of the Society for the Welfare of the Disabled.
I would like to suggest that it is time for the Election Commission of the country or the State to rethink the post of Leader by appointing qualifications, Degree, Master etc and not illiterate representatives. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to promote the development and peace and stability in the State or RiDonbok.
“I am very confident that the BJP will no longer be in the coalition government led by the NPP. AF Dkhar, Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said:
There are town committees in Nongstoin, Sohiong and Mawkyrwat.
The full budget for the year 2014-2015 will be presented in the next session, said the CEM. Shillong, Lber 25: Earlier, there were allegations that KHNAM The UDP candidate, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has said that it is Bah Paul who has decided to dissolve the KHNAM immediately. he is the one who overthrew the MPA government and others.
This is good news for them, because they don't get such an opportunity even once a year.
Agriculture is the backbone of the state and 80 per cent of the population in Meghalaya are farmers.
“When we tried to talk to each other, we couldn't because we are small and we have only 30 households.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle together with the KSU Mawkyllut Unit today visited the 100 bedded hospital in South West Khasi Hills District. the inspection as an organization found many shortcomings.
He said that the Meghalaya Police Department has worked tirelessly to fight and eradicate this liquor and hundreds of people have been involved in the sale and marketing of liquor. The police have arrested them.
Phrangki Buam was named Man of the Match with six goals.
The Jirang MLA also urged the District Authorities and officers of the MSPCB to take action to fight against and reduce the pollution in the Byrnihat area.
We have now completed the eight-lane athletic track, which is in accordance with international standards.
The new cases are 21 from Dhubri, 12 from Dima Hasao, six from Goalpara and five from Hailakandi, five from Kamrup and one from Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital in Guwahati.
Now, after the opening of the highways leading across the country, there will be no problem in transporting soh from one place to another or to the market on time.
In Lad Umroi, the Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MCA) has urged the authorities to open the toilet. The toilet has been closed for the cleanliness of the area.
“To demand apology from such a scholar would be a waste of time and thought and therefore, the Shillong Press Club leaves it to the readers and viewers to decide who, when, how and where we have done wrong," he said.
The HNLC said that the 14-day police investigation is to persuade him to provide illegal and false information, said a statement from Bah Saiñkupar. Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, HNLC. Other sources said that the coal mine in Dawki has also been closed these days due to the blockade of the office of the HNLC. Shillong, Jymmang 13: to U Rupang today, that a strong wind has struck Wahkaliar village, on the road to Mawsahew, on the 10th of this month, at 10 pm.
He also demanded that the Police Department should immediately punish the leaders of the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) who are trying to defame Meghalaya.
However, he has not said anything yet, he will answer later because there are others who are in charge besides him, because he has not yet interviewed for the post of Technical Assistant.
There were 10 rots brought today and after a dance with joy and happiness, the rots were left at the Tre-Pyrda ( Mirror).
The JSM has expressed its deep concern for the adhoc teachers who have to sleep at night on the highway in Shillong to demand their right to increase their salaries.
Jesus said, “When you see these things, know that the summer is near, which is the greatest of all tribulation, such as has never happened before and will never happen again.
However, although the return of Chhetri is a joy for the players and the team as a whole, the inability to play another young forward, Rahim Ali, will have a big impact on the game, as Rahim u has been a good supporter of Sunil while playing chess.
Slasha farming has brought many benefits to the farmers, society, environment, income and employment, said Kong DC Sohtun, M.A.S, Director, Horticulture. The Chief Guest at the seminar on “Enhancing Market Access and Quality Production for Small Tea Growers in Meghalaya” held on 31st June at the Integrated Agricultural Training Center in Upper Shillong. The Directorate of Horticulture, Meghalaya, was also present.
“We are also against the registration of soldiers as voters.
When inquired from other elders and the public, some of them said that they don't want to say anything yet because there are still four months left and there are still many assistance from the Government. part of the development projects in the villages that the people still need to receive but when the deadline for implementation of the development projects has expired it is then that it can be understood which candidate is in the target to win.
This was achieved after beating Rymbai Ïawpynsing 2-1 in the semi final which was held at the Artificial Turf Diengshynrum Stadium on Tuesday.
-When I went to church outside the village, I saw those who were dressed in tai.
Syiem said that no EM has been decided yet and he will announce it soon.
“I'm sorry,” said Kynsai.
Replying to a question by Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy, Prof Laloo said they are looking into the provisions of the Meghalaya Catchment Area Protection Act, 1900 to protect the dam.
In fact, the competition itself should judge the skills of a person.
The union will not refuse to demand that the department should dismiss all the employees of MUDA in Byrnihat, if it cannot re-appoint these two women in the same post.
He said there are 22 languages ​​included in the 8th Schedule. Sangma said that from the North East, there are only three languages ​​including Bodo, Assamese and Manipuri.
Total 126 cows seized were handed over to the Custom Department, said Bah Syiem.
The Seng on this occasion has ordered these foreign workers who do not have proper documents to leave the area immediately under the jurisdiction of the Circle. companies should not import foreign workers without first providing documents.
“We cannot hold a protest because it has reached our water supply,” said another taxi driver.
Bhuvnesh Kumar won the Man of the Match award.
After his death in Jamaica, the Jamaican authorities helped to get his body to his relatives in a proper manner so that they could pay their last respects at his home. .
On the release of the UDP Nongkrem to the media on this issue, he said, “If the UDP Nongkrem is not clear and if it feels necessary, it should have come to meet me, but to say that I have forgotten Nongkrem is not right. fact".
The order was issued after receiving a tip that a coal miner identified as Riew Siangshai, 40, resident of Moolang village, died inside the crematorium. coal while he was digging the ground and was buried alive in the cave.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 940 and the total number of deaths has risen to 1,01,7
We have called on the Social Forestry Department to take action to look after the condition of the area and other departments such as Arts and Culture to look after the decoration of traditional paintings and other departments such as Information and Technology, if National Informatic Centre.
Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan has issued a statement today saying that he wants to delete the year 2020 and replace it with another one, saying it is virus-infected.
He said that it took only two days to conduct the inspection but there was a delay due to the lack of response from the Assam government.
“What have the parties that form the EC in JHADC done until the employees of the Council have not received their salaries?”, said Bah Ardent, amidst applause from the people.
In this regard, the source said that the KHADC or District Council Judge who has heard the complaint in the past, through the order of the High Court. Court, will start the hearing on the 12th of this month.
She expressed the hope that MNREGA will strengthen the Self Help Groups in the village and also improve the income of women.
Police said that there were about 20 GNLA members in the camp where Sohan was present. After the fighting stopped, the SP said that the police went to check the camp and found Sohan. The body of a guard who used to be next to Sohan, Ading Ch Marak, also known as Lukseng Ch Marak, was found.
Religions do not want to reduce their numbers.
For example, in urban areas, slum dwellers do not have access to highly subsidized water supply from the municipality. subsidized municipal drinking water) while those who receive less receive more than they want.
People across the country are invited to fly flags in their homes, vehicles and shops as well.
Shillong: The State Government has announced the closure of all schools from 17th to 31st October 2020 due to the spread of Corona Virus or Covid
From Meghalaya, Babu Timothy Jones Dhar and Babu Madhav Singh received the National Teachers' Award 2023 from the President.
He also urged the rawon who used to go hunting and the tourists to the hills and rivers not to cut down or damage these trees.
These are the dangers that have been seen since the time of the British rule.
All bonded warehouses, IMFL and other liquor shops have been ordered to close on the 12th of November.
“Our departure is not to argue with the MLA, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh but our goal is to help the poor because it has been a year since the work and the words have not been fulfilled,” he said.
There are 10 inspectors including one Fishery Officer, Fishery Supervisor with T.36925 per month, Fishery Demonstrator with T.18,789, 5 Fishermen with (1) T.29560 per month, (2 ) T.21339, (3) T.21339, (4) T.17402 and (5) T.14586 and 2 employees receiving salary T.28745 and (2) T.14913 per month.
THS Bonney said that the residents have been shocked to learn that it will take more than two months to get a new transformer and on this issue, he has met with the management of MeECL. Boney also asked whether if there is a loss of electricity or a transformer in the city especially in the house of the Chief Minister, the house of the Governor or the house of the Chief Officers of the state, will it take up to month to get a new transformer?  During the meeting, the Director of Distribution and the Chief Engineer, Bah KN War, promised to install a new transformer within this month.
After the ballot paper conducted by the General Secretary of the Shillong Press Club, Bah P. Sohkhlet, the winners of the election were:- President- Bah Johnson J. Nongbet; Pynshailang Mylliem, General Secretary- Bah Kordorlang Lyngdoh;
Speaking to media, the KSU leaders said that the reason why the KSU members visited the factory was after receiving information that there were many people. They came to work in the factory, but when the members of the union went to check, these foreigners started to threaten them.
Read Deuteronomy (Deuteronomy 23:1).
Therefore, regarding this illegal act committed by these three persons, the Dorbar Shnong is shocked and surprised to learn of this illegal act committed by these three persons.
Because there are some breeds of cows that don't come back after they have been born, even if they haven't been born.
The Division Bench of the High Court, Meghalaya has dismissed the appeal against the Roster System on the grounds that there is no clarity regarding the roster system.
Russia on Tuesday said a Kamikaze drone had reached the upper part of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, where troops in the area were able to fire with it. It fell into Unit 6 of the nuclear plant.
This letter was also approved by the Synod Dorbar held at Balang Lyngkhoi.
Of these, 21821 were males and 22516 were females.
Some believe that harvesting the rice from the nurseries at the time of transplanting them to the fields is like harvesting the stems and thus perhaps strengthens the plant.
Brave awards and other awards were also distributed to the police.
Before the ceremony, a prayer was held by the elders of the Seng.
The Directorate of Information and Public Relations Office of the Government of Meghalaya, supervised and managed by educated and respected officials, shall consider this.
A few days ago, VGK Kynta, who is the senior lawyer of the state, said that the issue of the roster cannot be discussed later, but should go on. He said that the job scheme, which was created in 1972, clearly states that if no position can be appointed from any special position within two years, then that scheme will die.
Nongstoiñ: The supporters and office bearers of the HSPDP from Mawthadraishan constituency, have congratulated the leaders of the party, after the election of Bah Damian Lyngdoh Marshiangbai as the party's candidate from the constituency.
The award was presented by KSU Narpuh Circle at Lumshnong Community Hall on Saturday.
It is to be recalled that the HYC has raided and destroyed the houses of illegal residents in Lum Survey on 23rd June
When asked what prompted them as a group to take this step, Kong Probi Khongknaw, said that it was the lack of opportunity that prompted them to take this step, because she said that On the other hand, the longkmie have tried to talk about this, but she said that she has not reached anywhere and this is the only way they have.
SNSBH Secretary Bah Rapiong Blah said that after meeting with the new government, the people expressed their concern that the MUDA Building Act is still in force, although the government has decided that it should be to stop.
When asked, he said that the name 'India' has existed since the time of the British and has never been changed but there are people who have the desire to change the name of the country.
The union strongly condemns the AE office for the delay of the employees in distributing the electricity bill and it takes them up to six months to distribute it to the villages.
It is also worth mentioning that the Platinum Jubilee celebration has been somewhat successful, as the long-standing dream of the Catholics of Mawpun and Umbir has been fulfilled; St. Dominic Savio Church, Mawlai Parish, Shillong.
These three public meetings were also attended by Pastor Nongshillong, Sordar of Umriangkona, Histing Sangma, Headman of Umriangkona and other elders of the area.
He said the cases that have been completed mean that the police have investigated and prosecuted the perpetrators, while the cases that have not been completed are cases where the police have not provided sufficient evidence. the criminals.
In our daily lives, we have to choose between these two.
“Until now, it is only the Khasi Department of NEHU to regulate the spelling of Khasi characters but it does not have a close relationship with the state government as it is a central government university,” he said. NEHU, KAS and Education to correct the spelling"
Television footage showed a blazing fire with people screaming as the fire broke out in the incident in Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab.
Mukul can threaten, he can also devise any tactics just to win elections, including cheating on the voting machines.
Therefore, there is a question as to how India has rejected the resolution of the 169th ILO General Assembly while accepting the UNDRIP declaration. they don’t work like this.
He was abducted by three armed men at 6:30 pm. Police said that his relatives have apologized to the armed men but they have not responded. pardoned and they directly ordered that he should follow them into the thick forest.
John3:36.
In another incident, a fire broke out at a Meghana Marak house in Rilbong on Tuesday.
Nongpoh, March 19: The Adventurous Hynniewtrep Off-Roaders (AHOR) has organized the 5th AHOR Off-Roaders Festival this year. The 4X4 Off-Road Challenge 2023' was launched today at Kharsati Natural Park in Ri Bhoi District.
According to the expectations, the relevant authorities should fill as many vacancies as possible in these schools and strive as much as possible to provide skilled teachers to the schools who can improve the quality of education. the education of school children in the regions and states as a whole.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched the election campaign for his BJP party on Saturday.
This order comes into force from today, 11th November
Shillong: Many people elect MPs, MLAs and MDCs with love and enthusiasm but this should be changed.
“With a spirit of responsibility we will work for the people to serve what they expect from us, and we invite everyone to join us in this struggle for clean governance. and putting the people first,” said Dr Batskhem.
Speaking to reporters, the assistant coach of the national team, Mahesh Gawli, said that the team is not worried.
Jowai, March 06: The District Authorities of West Jaintia Hills District today conducted an inspection on the parking of motor vehicles in Jowai which has affected many people including commercial vehicle drivers. , school children and employees who intend to go to work.
After three years of working they will have to return home and so it will be very difficult for them to get married," Malik told reporters.
The blast took place on the 14th in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir and a Pakistani militant group has claimed responsibility for the blast.
He said that Union Ministers have also visited the North East more than 500 times.
The results can be obtained from these websites, said TR Laloo, Controller of Examinations, Tura.
At this meeting, leaders from different states reported on their preparations for the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections as well as the MLA elections to be held in Mizoram.
This special day was also celebrated by other Christians in various churches through various rituals and prayers to commemorate the most tragic death, but which Jesus saved. the whole world.
The meeting was held after 18 sports federations submitted their reports for the tournament which will start from 15th to 20th July 2024 in Tura.
– only the name “Israel” which still rings in the ears of the present generation (although it cannot be admitted that the Israelites of today are exactly the Israelites of the past).
They also received gifts from Uber representatives.
However, the Jews did not believe in Jesus but sought to arrest him.
Lyngdoh said that during the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he told them that in the last Cabinet meeting, this issue had been discussed twice, but in For the fourth time, they have not been able to take a decision due to the absence of the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
The time of the match is 45 + 15 +4
He said that the union is deeply saddened to see that many of the factories in the area have employed only foreigners, but not only that but they also pay bills in the country. foreigners who do not have even the necessary documents, which shows that they bring in these workers for personal gain.
Shillong, Naitung 16: Traffic jam in Upper Shillong, on Tuesday and Saturday, has been severe in the past two days, on Tuesday and Saturday, with traffic from 4.5 mer. to Market, it takes about one and a half to two hours, which should only be a 15-minute walk.
He is confident that he will win the championship and anyone who wants to encourage him can call his mobile number +9
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited Sonidan area of ​​Mawhati to confirm the new office bearers of the Sonidan Circle for the year 25 after the expiry of the term of office of the former office bearers to strengthen the work of the party especially in this area which still has many backwardness.
Mikir does not have a border with Jaintia.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma Sangma will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan to discuss the formation of the government.
As we all know, Meghalaya was created by an Act of Parliament in 1971 known as the North Eastern Reorganization Act, from the two districts of Assam, Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills. and the boundaries in force at the time the Act was introduced by Parliament.
The Leader of the House of Representatives said that besides the laws to protect the rights of women and children, there are also laws to protect women and children. they shall not be ashamed of the women.
Also present at the meeting were PL Laloo Vice President MSOA and G Krishnan, Executive Member of AFI. He took part in the launch of 5G Applications for seven states in the North East (except Arunachal Pradesh) as well as 5G through virtuallay. Experience Center at Bongora, Guwahati.
Speaking on the history of the church, Tymmen Basan, Tbn.Jerly Ryngkhlem said that the church was founded in 1892 by a few residents including the Shijur – Khroo Ryngkhlem and Shong Rymbai in The residents of Wapungskur are still living in the old village known as Mukoilara near Pamra.
This has clearly shown the position of the BJP party by insulting and defaming the minority religions of India.
“We cannot blame any party or government because they have their own policy,” she said.
Elewan Dkhar (Gold Medal Athletic), Bhalang Shadap (Bronze and Gold Medal), Damewanki o Suiam (Cyclist), Nicholas Syrti (Cyclist), Nelson Rymbai (Football), Shainlang Lamurong (Wrestler) , Fivestar Bareh (Wrestler).
l.
Please enter the number of the owner of this ksew.
The tournament, which will start from 25th November to 1st November, will be organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) and the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs. The opening ceremony of the tournament will be held tomorrow at 10:30 pm by the Minister of Sports & Youth Affairs. Shakliar Warjri was the chief guest while Hemanta Kumar Kalita, Secretary General of the Boxing Federation of India was the chief guest.
Former Shillong Lajong FC coach Alison Kharsyntiew has been appointed as the new coach of Mohammedan SC (Reserve Team).
““I on the part of the Party have made it clear that we have not received the draft Act.
This will also be the first time in the state where such programs will be able to provide rapid treatment using RT-PCR technology.
She said that she has many problems in the field.
Because they forget God and make God rich, they fear riches more than God.
He said that in the MDC elections, there have been discussions for the candidates to stand and not to oppose each other but he said that it cannot be done because of the overcrowding. Many of the UDP candidates have already turned up to walk and meet the people in their constituencies.
The union is surprised that Meghna Das has received a certificate from P. Sangpath Kumar, Resident Commissioner (IAS) to get this position.
Speaking to media, Amberlight Masharing, Working President of RBSU, Sengkmie, said that she has received information about the non-functioning of these public toilets, which were implemented by the government. Many complaints from the people, because even after the construction of these public toilets, but they have not been used.
People with disabilities find many challenges including difficulties in accessing educational opportunities, employment and healthcare.
He urged the youth not to take hasty decisions but to give way through the authorities and if it does not succeed, I will be the first to take up arms for the struggle. protect the nation.
However, the election to elect the new office bearers has not yet been held.
The scheme aims to strengthen 2G+4G mobiles in areas where there are no mobiles in Meghalaya and to strengthen 2G+4G mobiles on the highways of Meghalaya.
The price hike follows the decline in the price of petrol and diesel since 30th January, while the price of petrol and diesel remained unchanged until 4th July
However, earlier, the name of the leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, has become clear that he will be the candidate of the UDP. The UDP Mawkyrwat Circle has welcomed him to the party.
In a statement issued by the President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Dkhar, the HITO said why should we go to the Supreme Court of India, when the state has its own court and that is by the High Court of Meghalaya.
“It would be better if we plant as much as we like by doing good deeds so that the tree we plant will survive and grow well and if we plant as much as we can in a moment and tomorrow they all die”.
I thank @dpradhanbjp for your continued support and understanding"
Three Myanmar citizens have been arrested by the Assam Rifles in Manipur along with 399 plates of Burmese Supari worth T.4.84 crore in the foreign market. .
The opening ceremony will be attended by about 3,000 panchayat and block leaders and officers from across the country at the Bharat Mandapam.
The Chairman of JHADC, Arborhima Darnei, today in a special session, announced that Shullai has won the CEM seat.
At this meeting, Samla Wallambok Kharsati also announced the resolution of the rally which includes that the government should stop taking land of the people, stop surveying, KHADC and Syiem Khyrim should take “If the government doesn't listen to this, we will hold more protests. “It's not the strongest,” said Wallambok, who is also the president of the KSU East Central.
Riki Mukhim, Publicity HycWar Jaintia Circle The students of Meghalaya on the scholarship scheme have been disappointed by the government's delay in releasing the allocation allocated for them every year.
Expressing her opposition to the owner of the Wine Store, the RBYF Umsning Circle said that the RBYF Umsning Circle will meet with the Excise Department of Ri Bhoi District. At the same time, the union has already sent a complaint to the DC, Superintendent of Excise Ri Bhoi and Assistant Commissioner of Excise, to demand that they should immediately suspend and revoke the license. of this shop.
KHNAM Youth Wing today held its Executive Committee meeting to elect Bah Lurshai Lyngwa as the new President of KHNAM Youth Wing.
What Bah Myrthong has criticized is that the reason is because the writer is not from the Khasi community and therefore does not understand well.
Indian and Chinese troops today withdrew from the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh following talks by National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Dowal. Indian Foreign Minister Wang Yi held in-depth talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi yesterday.
Even the Mizo, Naga, Manipuri and others have started to settle in our State by taking advantage of the search for education and beyond to get jobs and jobs. I'm your Khasi plate.
During the meeting, the leaders of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij, informed the Governor that if the state government does not recognize the people who still hold on to the traditional religion, The time will come when the whole nation will be destroyed.
It was also decided to change the name of the department from Human Resource Development (HRD) to Education Department.
Regarding the message that appeared in the caption “" , dated
Three Paris Saint-Germain players have tested positive for the coronavirus.
And before you die, your soul will be destroyed.
“The purpose of this Trihills Assembly is to promote and preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people and it will also be like a step back in time. training for the children and people of today along with the celebration,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Now that he has been appointed as Deputy CEM of KHADC, he will have the hope of holding this festival which has been suspended for more than 40 years.
Shillong: U Pillardon D Sangma, resident of Nokgil Awe, Williamnagar, has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, regarding the Supreme Court's decision on the release of coal. of The Northeast Today.
Therefore, the union urges the government to look into the documents together with the village leaders and hima leaders and not to listen to the majority. The Khasi who live there in Nongwah Mawtamur so that there will be no more trouble.
“The MHRC has taken this step after the leaders of the HYC Seng Kmie have lodged a complaint against the incident.
Vehicles outside the containment area are also not allowed to stop at the containment areas.
Therefore, when the opportunity comes again to build a larger hospital in the constituency, we should listen carefully to the establishment of a hospital and also accept it even if it cannot be our wish. ei pat the word precious lad.
In the morning, Bah Deng called her to tell her that he had arrived home.
Please contact 8787686584 if anyone has seen him.
Receive Pator, said that the union cannot accept this violence by the village leaders of Nongsier.
Lanosha understood that Daplin had suspected something of her mind.
It is learned that the driver of the vehicle could not control the vehicle in the area, because he was driving too fast and in this overturning, the driver of the vehicle, the driver of the vehicle, could not control the vehicle. The vehicle of Adiai Kanti Chakam, was seriously injured when he fell into the truck, in which both his legs were broken.
Ishaq, the founder of LeJ, was killed along with 13 others including two of his children by police on 29 May.
“Tell me what you're doing...?”... asked Kmie.
Even Saul of Tarsus surrendered to the Gospel and followed Jesus.
We also have the former Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) of the country, Bah James Michael Lyngdoh, who has received praise not only in the country, but also in other parts of the world.
Closing the program at the PHE office, the I/c EE, PHE, Mawkyrwat, Bah R.Nongdhar, SDO Mawkyrwat Sub Division congratulated the students, media, public and the employees of this office.
Sadhu, who has been the Director of Community and Rural Development and also the Head of Fisheries, has been elected to replace Isawanda Laloo. The notice was issued by the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Personnel Department R Lyngdoh.
Last year, the Meghalaya government had ordered the closure of all liquor shops within 200 meters of highways, places of worship, schools and health centers under Rule 183 of the Meghalaya Excise Act.
Before becoming a social activist, she was a teacher at Government Girls' High School Jowai after completing her MA and passing the MPSC. a person who has a spirit of compassion for the suffering, the grief, the suffering, the suffering, the misery of others and a spirit that cannot bear to see the oppression of the poor.
The Seng also said that if it happens as the EM said, that these check gates have been handed over from village to village to the driver, to check the trucks that are moving and standing and to charge 200 tyngka each. What about those who don't have the necessary documents? This shows that the council through the Taxation Department has passed all the rules and regulations of the council.
It is a type of soybean that is rich in fiber, potassium, magnesium and folate.
Not only that, they have also imprisoned many people, where they have made them protect themselves from the attack by the Pakistani army.
This year's theme of Yoga Day is 'Yoga for Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam' which means unity in the world, one family and one for the future.
He praised the Central Government and the State Governments and also the people of this area who have brought about this change.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Elianby Tyngsong, said that they have already informed the village and also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, to urge Highway Dhaba-2 and Sardarji Dhaba have been named in the list of complainants.
He said the government has not implemented only the schemes prepared by the previous government.
“The people are now confused in their minds and confused how to elect a leader and at such a time many people come to take advantage of their purity by stirring up and stirring up just to get the rights of others," he said.
– Only those Kur longsyiems can rule in their Hima.
After the incident, a photograph of him was posted on the internet, in which he wrote, “My name is Adil and I joined Jaish e Mohammad a year ago.
Bah John congratulated and congratulated Riiohlang on her success in life as a football manager at home and abroad.
The Prime Minister sent his condolences to the families of the victims of the natural disaster.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Electricity, James PK Sangma, on Tuesday said that the UDP party's raising of the issue of power outages is right, but when they allege it should be to the former government, not to him as Minister of Electricity.
This was reflected in the explanation of the Court which said that despite the order issued on November 29, 2023, the State Government said that there is still an opportunity to negotiate with the parties involved in the correct should have more time.
The Persian Empire not only gave freedom, but also gave help and support to the Jews to rebuild the city of Jerusalem and the whole empire.
The issue of ILP and Khasi and Garo languages ​​was passed by this government in the Assembly to please and reassure the people of Bapli at that time, but the issue of ILP has begun to disappear and the issue of The introduction of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule has now been translated into Hindi.
“It is sad to see that even after the DC has informed the Assam government authorities, but today while the people were coming out for the repair of this road, suddenly they came. Saikil Sumer General Secretary KSU urged the government authorities to take action and resolve the issue immediately. This is so that the people can repair the road for the safety of traffic.
Therefore, even though evil is stronger, it must not be allowed and must be overcome by good.
However, he said the main reason is the stinginess of the government to pay exactly.
The booklet was launched by NPP National President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma at Polo Ground Shillong on Friday.
New Delhi: Randeep Guleria, Director of AIIMS, today warned that those who have mild cases of covid-19 should not rush to get a ct scan of their chest. This does more harm than good, especially to those who do not have any physical illness.
“A wise person understands when he goes astray, he corrects the mistake, not like the foolish who once made a mistake, made a mistake all their lives,” said Dr Donkupar Roy.
He also praised PA Sangma as the Leader of the State, who has lost two posts after his death, the President and the Prime Minister. , which is due to the political struggle within the party.
The festival will feature a variety of entertainment including beauty pageants, choir, painting, karaoke, ferris wheel and others.
Besides, even the operation of the railway departments and buses in charge of the movement of the people have been completely disrupted.
HYC Permadan Unit together with HYC Mawthadraishan Circle have found out about the deterioration of this road.
With this victory, Jarain will play against Amlarem in the qualifier-2 to qualify for the final on November 14 at 1 pm.
In the past 14 years, AIPA has met with poets from various countries including the USA, Malaysia, UK, Singapore, South Africa, China, Hong Kong, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Turkey and other countries. , she also visits to meet and gather with the poets of this country who are in different states.
The PCC chief said he will start holding his Padayatra called “Hath Se Hath Jodo Yatra” from Jogulamba district from 9th June.
The KSU Mawlong Pyllun Unit was held at the Mawlong Dorbar Hall, a village in the Umden area which is closer to Assam.
The HNLC has only a few members in hiding in Bangladesh and its activities are limited to issuing statements and posting on social media,” he said.
I will tell you in advance that we will do the right thing,” he said while speaking at the NPP rally in Saitsohpen.
In the welterweight category of 63.5-67 kg, Bhalang Shadap will fight against Parlad Singh from Punjab, who has a longer height than the state champion.
He said that if the people come out in order, this issue can be resolved in a short period of time, but if the turnout is low, the government will continue to do so. slow down from time to time.
Civility Khongmalai's free-kick in the 41st minute made it 2-2
Abdus Saleh received 11823 votes, Congress candidate Hashina Yasmin Mondol came second with 9897 votes, UDP candidate Ashahel D Shira came third with 7247 votes and BJP candidate received 7247 votes. Kingstone B Marak received 333 votes, independent candidate Carla A Sangma 255 votes and NOTA 174 votes.
At the time of the seizure of the private vehicle (AS 11 U 7010), two drug dealers fled the scene.
Long you're going to kill me.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called on the people to take note of the curfew and to follow the instructions of the government authorities.
Referring to the human being, he said that it is sad to see that in these days the decline of the Khasi people has become excessive whether it is in dress or manners. glory and honor and dignity.
So it’s about a giant.
All those whose cases were pending were asked to leave to finalize their cases.
The film shows the struggle of the robbers in the city of Waaji, after the death of their leader.
“Pleng, my daughter is old in the way she speaks except for the fact that she doesn't reach the phas,” said the father and laughed.
The party also supports the program organized by KAS on 22nd November 2018 and requests everyone to take part in this march with concern for their own language.
Balen Thubru said that the head of the department said that his staff who have installed various weighbridges cannot take money, but they have been installed only to check or inspect and if If you find any illegal activities, you can punish them according to the law and not just fine them without giving you a receipt.
It is learned that some ministers have been appointed to look after their respective constituencies, for example Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, who looks after Jaintia Hills along with his colleagues ministers and MLAs and then James. K Sangma, Minister of State for Home Affairs; However, we don't see that they say anything or show the fight against corona virus in their areas or that the security, the preparation of food and drink, the accommodation and so on.
The Crime Scene Unit and FSL joined hands with the Sector Officer, DSP, LO and MPS to inspect the scene.
The meeting was held with Kiren to discuss the problems and affected people of the state regarding the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal. (NGT).
“I personally believe that the MCCL has reached this point for many reasons, and the accusation against the incumbent MLA on this situation is groundless. to ask questions and if responsibility is to be imposed, they should point fingers at the people who have worked in various positions since 2007 onwards when the operation of the factory began to decline.
At 12 noon, a meeting will be held to discuss the topic “Indian Parliament and Grass Root Level Institutions: Potential and Challenges – Stepping stone towards leadership”. Teli, Minister of Food Processing Industries and Queen Oja, MP, Lok Sabha.
So far, 11 people have been reported dead out of 14 people on board.
We would like to leave the wisdom of the MDA 2.0 government to take the best and right decision.
Over the past 60 years, TAFE has developed agricultural systems in India and the world by visiting 100 countries around the world and has built 2.5 million tractor vehicles so far.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The EC has directed the Delimitation Committee (DC) to submit its report soon. “The KHADC has received many applications and has directed the DC to consider these applications and submit a report to the EC soon. The DC from 26th March 2023 to hear the issues of the Constituencies.
If the party fails to win MLAs in two more states, the Election Commission of India (ECI) will derecognize the party in the coming years.
We have elected leaders to listen and feel the suffering of many churches and that these leaders will advocate and make laws in the right places for which they have been elected,” he said. This was announced by Richard Marwein, President, Mylliem Block Congress Committee.
He acknowledged that the smuggling of cows is a serious matter as it affects the people but the blame should not go to the state government.
The two children are from West Jaintia Hills District and they, along with their family members, said that the two children are from West Jaintia Hills District. District Child Protection Unit, Jowai attended the meeting.
The Meghalaya Minerals Ces (Amendment) Bill 2020, which was introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was introduced by PT Sawkmie and Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh. The explanation from the Chief Minister was rejected and the Bill was passed by the House.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Maldini Amkhloo, Secretary Shnong of Lakadong Umlatdoh at 11 pm in the presence of Waheh Shnong of Umlyngsha, Bah Mewel Syrti and several elders. from Lakadong Umlatdoh, and in the presence of the members of the Club.
One of the digital literacy programs is the World on Wheels (WoW) programme, which has buses with digital literacy labs to provide e-education and digital resources in rural areas.
Shillong, Lber : The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has released another episode entitled The Relationship Between Parents and Children.
The meeting was attended by Prof (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, Senior Prof Animesh Mishra, HoD Cardiology Department, Prof Manish Kapoor and Dr Amit Malvia.
The scheme also encourages the residents to plant trees, maintain forests and those who can take advantage of this scheme are those who have forests of about 5 hectares and if there is Those who lack 5 hectares of land are no different in that they can find partners with those who have nearby forest land to increase the area of ​​5 hectares in order to receive this assistance from the Government, This scheme provides assistance of T.8000 thousand per annum per hectare of land, up to T.40000 thousand per annum per hectare of land. It will be for up to five years, besides this there are more resources available for more detailed information from the Khliehriat Basin Office.
She said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should submit a report on the availability of maternity beds in Civil Hospitals as well as Community Health Centers (CHCs) and PHCs. Congress MLA from Mawsynram Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, a member of the committee, said that the birth of children at home is the leading cause of infant deaths and infant deaths. at birth is much improved now, he said.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Those who marry foreigners must take the clan of their husband as well as their children, they must give the clan of their father so that there will be no conflict later. later, because if they give the Khasi race, their children will live with the Khasi and become Khasi again.
Let us try to live and love our enemies according to the Word of God.
Darilin Tang from Iooksi, Jaintia Hills, who is also a Research Scholar from NEHU, Tura Campus, has been selected for the competition. Ministry of Youth Affairs, Government of India to participate in the Japan-East Asia Exchange Program (JENESYS) 2023, to be held in Japan.
He said that what is most sad for the people is that although the electricity goes out every hour, the electricity bill increases every month and if you don't pay for 10 months, the electricity bill will increase. MeECL says it should be cut off.
On Friday morning, the family members took the body of Wanboklang from his residence in Traw and arrived at NEIGRIHMS at 7:30 pm for post mortem.
On behalf of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO), we send our statement to you journalists regarding the statement of the Minister of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, which appeared on Peitngor newspaper on 12/08/2021, which said that the Government of India has not accepted the Instrument of Accession (IOA).
Four persons including one accused of involvement in the IED blast incident in 2021 at Khliehriat Police Reserve have been arrested for involvement in extortion over the phone.
The Rangbah Shnong, Lakiang said that this money was donated by the residents of the village out of concern for the spread of Corona Virus.
Through this victory, Jaraiñ FC has qualified for the final of the tournament.
“The Congress of the past and the present is no longer relevant and it is on this basis that I have decided to leave,” said Bah Khan.
After the BCCI recognized the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA), it has become a path and a bridge for the players of the state, especially after receiving full recognition, that the team The players of the state have not been included in the elite group.
Among them, Jasmine Lamare of Little Angle Higher Secretary School won the third place.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang has urged all vendors and shopkeepers to follow the directions of the District Administration and congratulated the Deputy Commissioner for taking the initiative to provide special space for the vendors. die on a public footpath.
In the second leg, 12 Dolloi FT beat Old Star FT 1-0, Golden Mukhim scored the first goal for 12 Dolloi FT in the 27th minute.
Various reports of the Government of India and the reply of the Minister of Home Affairs in Parliament like PM Sayeed (Cong) have shown that Bangladeshis have increased the population in the North East.
Shillong, July 13: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, today expressed his concern over the use of Bangladesh SIM cards within the Indian border.
In a statement sent by the Rangbah Shnong PM Tariang and Secretary BW Jungai, the village also expressed its gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills PS Dkhar for taking care of their request. The crowd came to see for themselves the damage.
It was also said that the sports industry in these days has been witnessed to be one of the ways to create jobs for the people because through their hard work and dedication by spending their time and energy. not only in things that are useless but in those that are of use for the future.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the meeting was convened by him as MLA, which was held at Nongladew village, when he invited these village leaders and people. Rangbah, is to bring about the cooperation between the Nongmihkhmat, the Village Leaders and the people, at the same time to discuss and discuss the needs of the people for the development of the villages.
According to one of the media reports, the video showed that police and journalists fled the scene of the explosion. recognize.
We on behalf of Sohphoh IVCS to assist the farmers and to reduce the number of farmers traveling to the market we have decided to collect all the agricultural products produced in the village and market them to the market,” he said. Sohphoh IVCS Secretary Mutshwa Thabah said that Sohphoh IVCS produces a lot of vegetables such as Sohsaw, Sohkhia, Sohmynken Jhur, Sohngang, Sohbaingon, Biscuit and other vegetables according to the season.
There is no problem for the government to hold a dorbar bah for the benefit of the farmers, when billions of rupees have been wasted on useless activities just for the benefit of the farmers. don't steal the money of the people.
(Proceedings of the KSA).
The US government has offered a $1 million reward for information for the immediate arrest of the son of Osama Bin Laden.
To prepare a village plan related to the location of the house, to have adequate roads, not to stand near small or large rivers, not to be near water sources, not near laws village or farm; not to dispose of waste from households at will, and to arrange for the collection and disposal of household waste, and in other areas.
Give the name of our group to the media otherwise we will not stop doing terrorist acts".
Taking a brief note from what the elderly man said, he expressed his regret that the protest of the It has been almost 50 years since it became a full state in 1972, but it does not have a proper border.
He said JICA has requested about 20 hectares of forest land for tree planting for the preservation of the environment.
“Our government has worked hard in the past four years to elevate Meghalaya as a state famous for its beautiful tourist destinations.
He promised that if the Congress MLA does not explain to the public, he will hand over to the law enforcement agencies to act according to the rules of law.
Sirajuddin Haqqani, one of the world's most recognized terrorist leaders, will be Afghanistan's interior minister and leader of the Haqqani Network.
The Sambal sub-scheme is for the welfare of women and the Samarthya sub-scheme is for the empowerment of women.
The entrance to the Dorbar is opposite Pomlum PHC on the Shillong-Nongstoin road, about 1 km away.
“From next year, I will tell you that Meghalaya will be one of the states with the best health facilities,” he said.
Many farmers no longer appreciate this important plant which helps the health of the people.
“The KSU has been talking from time to time to bring a resolution to resolve the uranium issue in the State Legislative Assembly, but what has the government done on this?” asked the KSU. “Ka Seng has asked the State Government to take to the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEF&CC) to revoke the environmental clearance for the uranium mining at Domïasiat and Mawthabah. Since November, 2007 and other permits that this Ministry has issued from time to time in other places for exploratory drilling but what has this Government of MDA done?” the Seng criticized.
Shortness of breathing and shortness of breath are the first signs of pneumonia.
The bill, which was passed by the Lok Sabha on 4th November 2019, provides for a fine of T.1 crore and imprisonment for those who violate the rules on the use of Aadhaar information. .
That's why they're so happy.
The village is also connected to East Jaintia Hills from Borghat via Rymbai Borghat Sonapur Road.
In fact, in the past few months, there has been a great deal of disappointment because the water level in the Dam has dropped so much that it has never dropped before.
According to section 11 (4) of the Act, it is prohibited for any person to do any work or to sell or sell this land since the issuance of this Notification without the permission of the Additional. Deputy Commissioner.
Another question arises – When God created the day and the night, did the day or the night come first? The Book of Genesis tells us that it came before the night and the day came after the night.
Speaking on the party's inability to do well in the last elections, he said that the people will suffer for three years because if they allow the BJP to lead the government, it will cause many problems. There is no development in the state.
The court has remanded the two persons on the 17th of this month under Section 420 (cheating) 477A (false accounts) of the IPC. section 13(2) (criminal misconduct) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.
Mr. Spencer said without understanding.
Through this meeting, the Leaders agreed that in one Lama of the MSPGKM, the Government of India will be urged to immediately implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP), for the purpose of benefit of the Farmer.
You sent the Police.
All the RSs in Ri Khasi Jaintia have their power in their right hands.
We urge Gopal Dey, President of CWC Shella Block to come forward and prove with witnesses against the KSU members,” said KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah.
He said that the dead will be buried tomorrow but he has not received any information about Mawbyrkhong village as there are nine dead bodies whether they have been buried or not as it is a small village with only about 30 households. something.
These bones were seized under Section 50 of the WLPA, 1972 (as amended) on the 29th of this month and the case was handed over to the Wildlife Department.
He said that not only women who marry Muslims are sold, but men have also become Muslims. to view only in Shillong.
Tangsang said the driver of the motorcycle was under the influence of alcohol and tried to flee the scene but the residents of the village arrested him but released him after being arrested. The police have not been able to investigate the matter.
When asked whether the MPCC has accepted his resignation letter, Khan said he has not received any letter from the MPCC but he has called MPCC President DD Lapang. who asked that he reconsider the decision.
Therefore, the KSU to celebrate this victory has honored her with a souvenir.
“Why do these Congress-ruled states have so many people who have entered the region, why hasn't the government banned the entry of foreigners,” he said.
Recently, the HNLC has proposed to hold peace talks with the government but has not yet agreed to come and surrender.
The journey for this certification began in 2016 which made Nazareth Hospital one of the first health facilities in Meghalaya to enter for this entry-level certification.
It is time for change,” said the former Pastor of the KJP Western Synod.
During the meeting, the Parish Priest reminded that the body of Bah Process is still alive because the Maruti Van which he gave 40 years ago is still alive.
It was the last game of the season where they reached the quarter finals once in 2022, while they reached the semi finals at the Orleans Masters in
I fought and followed the thyrneng to those who came to the country without power.
Khliehriat, Lber, 31: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) under the leadership of Comingsoon Dkhar and Vice President Bormi Ryngkhlem on the night of the 29th of this month. Police have arrested 10 truck drivers who were driving LPG Gas vehicles while they were filling gas tanks on the National Highway 6 at Tuber Tahkhniang, East Jaintia Hills District. They said that this behavior of these LPG truck drivers is illegal and endangering human life.
Indrajit Chakravorty wrote on Twitter, “No father can tolerate the insult of his only daughter.
However, Nangkiew Irat's goalscoring performance in the SPL 2023 has been the lowest with an average of only one goal per game. that it continues in this also exercise.
Israeli police said that two militants who arrived in a vehicle in the area on that day with guns opened fire on those in the area.
Kant said the meeting will discuss various aspects of how to use space resources for the economic development of countries, how to manufacture ) in space and how to use the energy of space for renewable energy.
The plane flew to an altitude of 32,000 feet and was ordered to fly to 38,000 feet to avoid the clouds.
China today strongly opposed Modi's visit to Ladakh, where he crossed the Line of Actual Control.
Furthermore, the Court has ordered the Government on 7.5.2018 to take a decision before 30-7-2018 on this issue but the Government has not taken a decision yet.
Up to 76 households in Khliehriat East Village have benefited from this food distribution by KSU, Khliehriat Circle.
“We have received a reply from the Minister that the government will complete the construction of this poor house in November,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawprem Pyllun, Bah RB Rynjah.
The decision to call a night curfew was taken after the government failed to respond to their 10-month deadline to release the report.
The farmers are no longer alone or two who fear them.
“When you arrive in the State, your rapid antigen result is negative.
Carol Songs: According to many sources, the word "carol" may come from the Greek word "choraulein"
“Fear not, daughter of Zion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.
Regarding the lack of opportunity for the girls' team to play in this tournament, Larry explained that the reason for the inability to play full time for the girls' team is the The participation of girls in the higher categories is still low and this shortage is not only in the state but even in the national championship. long hi short.
MAWU President Mira June Myrsing said, “At the meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on 30th March, we received a promise that the demand for improvement will be discussed. but we don't think it will be like this.
We have the will to die, but we will not be saved.
I want you to stand on your feet," said the father.
We look forward to strengthening our relations with Meghalaya and helping to increase income.
SHILLONG: Two trucks of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) have been set on fire by unidentified robbers at Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong this morning.
After a while, 7 Wasa scored the second goal through Mehipaia Dan in the 51st minute.
Shanbor has been involved in this sport for 13 years and has not given up on this sport because his dream is to win the title.
Isaiah 26:20–21.
The union also alleged that the government's lack of action to look after the road shows that it has turned a blind eye and forgotten the area where the people are suffering just because of the deterioration of the road.
From the first day I read in the newspaper about that terrible incident, I felt sorry for the 15/16 workers who were trapped underwater in the coal mines.
He will meet with officers of departments within the Department of I&B and Fisheries of the Union Government.
On the other hand, she said that in fact, if there are such incidents, all those involved should be sent for a medical test whether it is a violation of the law, and they should not be surprised if it happens. send them carefully.
The survey will be conducted in urban and rural areas.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong requests the Election Campaigners to respect the decision of the Shnong by working together for the good of the people.
The Constitution gives the citizens the rights, responsibilities and duties to administer the government without partiality and discrimination.
On the same day, the MLA also announced that he will continue to work hard to implement special schemes for the villages which should be available to the people living in the border areas and especially to bring about schemes which the Government has set aside, only for those villages in the border areas.
This happened on Saturday at Pamphyrnai where rawon from all over the country flocked to the venue.
Shillong, November 6: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary, on Tuesday said that the Central Government in collaboration with the State Government will strictly monitor the borders to prevent the entry of foreigners. .
The school authorities have expressed their regret over the reporting of the incident and have apologized for the illegal behavior of the teachers. He said that they have already suspended these teachers involved in this case.
