“We have issued orders to clean up the bodies of the people who died in the train collision according to the current implementation.
Shillong, Lber 5: The Seiñ Raij Mukhla together with the Daloi of Nongbah Elaka has once again held the Lehniam Pastieh Thadlaskeiñ which was revived in 2010 by the Daloi RM Garod. after it had been dammed for about 75 years.
The Government does not realize that it does not know where it gets the money to pay salaries, to increase the salaries of government employees from time to time if it is not by collecting taxes from the self-employed people.
Why are you so quick..." The mother said, "Yes, I'm sorry.
MEPA also demands that the Prime Minister should pay the salaries of the journalists who have worked for 25 years or more and to provide assistance to the journalists who have worked for 25 years. who buildeth houses to dwell in;
This has led many of our people to study B.Ed abroad and now many have taken this through online education.
I also urge the Transport Department to complete the project as soon as possible,” he said.
They also said that women who intend to give birth at Riangdo CHC, have to walk for three to four hours to reach the places where there is no traffic.
On the other hand, you should be careful to teach them how to hold your mouth before you open it.
What else makes women, especially women, more likely than men to come out to vote? We see, however, that it is the long-kmie who holds the key to the shetja room.
One of the members of CREA, who is also a researcher from villages in Southeast Asia, Sunil Dahia said that the group has been able to produce this report. after it conducted data collection on the level of sewage smoke in 227 Indian cities in 2023.
He added that the government's claim that the fish pond is only 25,000 sqft is a lie because the fish pond is not short of land. sqft about 100 sqft.
Although I was not born at that time, when I saw those words shouted by the foreigners shouting “Khasi Go Back!”, it made me feel afraid that if we didn't surprise people, One day we will be driven out of this country by other foreign powers.
Bethany Hospital, Shillong has expressed its delight after the first Intra Cytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI) in the State has been successful at its Center for Reproductive Medicine.
Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi in the 74th minute scored the second and fourth goals for Mawlai SC. SC. Although Ryntih tried hard but couldn't score.
The Core Committee consists of members of the Core Committee headed by Prestone Tynsong including AL Hek of BJP, Banteidor Lyngdoh of UPF and Metbah Lyngdoh of RDA. After the meeting, MDA Chairman Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Prime Minister, said the meeting agreed to unanimously elect the Lamphang and handed over to the Core Committee to elect the Lamphang. a person to be a candidate for the seat of Lamphang.
The villagers remain villagers until now because the development projects have remained limited to the city.
The teachers gathered with their placards with various slogans to express their demands.
The Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet, Shai Chyrmang, has been threatening to demolish the Jalaphet Presbyterian LP School in Lumsachram. Christians are encouraged to hold their Carols during Christmas.
Innings Star beat Sportive Junior by five wickets while Golflink 11 Star beat New Warriors by 112 runs.
The AIM, as a platform to stand in front of the people on freedom, clarifies that this is not a personal platform of anyone but we have to prepare specially as the people to come out for the sake of unity according to our laws. of the future of the society as a nation living today.
At the same time, he criticized the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has created nationalism through the reservation policy.
Regarding this incident, the SEBA has announced that the examination will be held on the 30th of this month.
The victim was identified as Dameshwa Jyrwa, the driver of the truck.
“YESS Meghalaya is one of the programs that has worked well and we see that the youth have come forward to take part in the programme.
Immediately after the meeting, opposition leaders, including Rahul Gandhi and many other MPs, left for Parliament on their bicycles.
It was also alleged in file No.206J of 1875 that, “This matter has been going on for a long time and the residents of Nongpoh have complained and expressed that the division of the boundary between Kamrup and Khasi Hills has been on the basis that all the lands under the Hima Khasi should be transferred to the Khasi Hills.
Find and select the right people for the right posts to bring about a complete change in literacy.
Along with these, meetings and discussions were also held with the residents on homestays which help to promote tourism and at the same time provide income generation.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Seiñ Women's Welfare Society Mihmyntdu in collaboration with the financial support of the District Social Welfare Office West Jaintia Hills District has conducted a training program for the school children (women) in Mihmyntdu village. The ill effect of early pregnancy is also discussed.
Ransom said many people say that they love the nation, “but if you say you love the nation, look at the youth who don't need jobs, by bringing policies for the development of the country”.
As it is now in our State, we the people are no different from those householders who encourage and trust their servants, who allow them to enter all the corners of the house, who trust their servants. They have their children in their hands, only to find one day that their children have been taken away or that their gold, silver, and gold have been taken away and they have fled away.
Kasanchi D Marak, U16 Event- Long Jump.
It affects the time of the Rangbah who should have spent a lot of time in preparing for the rebellion, it affects the money, the work of the APHLC is very short, and the little that is available has to be spent on works related to Lehnoh.
I.Rymbai, District Informatics Officer, said that the registration of marriages and applications for public gatherings and public performances can be done from Common Service Centers and Cyber ​​Cafes.
Have you ever despised your mother? However, we humans who are part of nature destroy, damage and violate environmental protection laws.
There will also be a special prize for those schools which have passed well in the SSLC examination in Mawsynram constituency to send the names of the students who have passed and failed.
“The MBOSE has decided to complete the examinations and suspensions of Class XII students, and tomorrow the MBOSE will release the routine so that the students can prepare for their studies,” he said. added Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
The suspect was identified as Mebanrilang Syiem Shangoi from a village in West Khasi Hills and the incident happened in .
The Conrad Sangma government has increased the MLA scheme from T.2 crore to T.2.5 crore from now on and each MLA will be able to spend T. crore per annum, to assist those who vote for him in the constituency.
The Mihmyntdu Catholic Church, Jowai Parish on Saturday held a cleanliness drive and released fish seeds in the Samanong River.
He said that a complaint has already been lodged and the RO has taken his own strict action.
The program was attended by the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem, Ministers, Sordars and others.
Where can I get a souvenir?
Travel from one district to another will be allowed in the presence of the above residents and goods will be allowed to be carried around the area.
In another match, Nongsder beat Nongthymmai 2-0
The festival was organized by the Tyrso Pyllun Youth Association and supported by the Farmer Producer Cooperative Society.
On the other hand, MPCC Working President James S. Lyngdoh said it is surprising that the Indian government has increased the price of petrol and diesel while the price of petrol and diesel has dropped significantly.
Phyrnai never turns away from the difficulties and hardships and in her speech she said that when she goes out to compete in the tournaments, she meets other players who are better, and in comparison, they are better. and when it comes from a humble family, it is a challenge for them to get properly equipped cycles because they are more expensive.
He said the strike today was after the Prime Minister and the Chief Secretary did not call for talks despite waiting for them for a long time.
“It is necessary for the Congress party to gather together to resolve the divisions in the Congress party and at present it is impossible,” he said.
(The Christian Leader, March 1908) This group of students expressed their strong opposition and expressed before the authorities of Calcutta University, “that the new rules prevent Khasi students from passing the examination. of the University Matriculation Examination.
The union will not back down and will continue to monitor this issue, as well as other factories in the district, so that they should be for the benefit of the people, especially the paradoh para snam, Shillong, March 18 : The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that every day is a holy day and it is not special. only one day was a holy day while the other days of the week were unholy days.
Therefore, it is the duty of the village leaders, who will be impartial, and the people, to be vigilant and not to allow outsiders to interfere before or on the day of voting. ' will be held on Wednesday.
Tomorrow, the match will be between Balawan College vs BBS College, Nongtalang College vs Mendipathar College and Synod College vs NEHU, Tura.
The Ethics Committee today submitted its report to the House, where it recommended that she should be removed from the House.
This is the first education policy in the 21st century and replaces the National Policy on Education (NPE), 1986 which has been in force for 34 years.
Children without disabilities who attend primary school receive only T.300 per annum.
The ceremony was held at Laban Police Station as a sign of pride for this girl of the nation.
The Supreme Court has decided to allow the export of more than 75050 metric tonnes of coal from the State from 17th to 31st June. challans issued from November 4,
The semifinalists will play against Mukhla Umlangchor and Moodop Royal against Mowkyndeng.
At the same time, the union has informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare about the shortcomings of the Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi blew himself up, killing himself and all members of his family.
On the other hand, the two organizations urged the district authorities to protect the rights of women, children and the poor from such powerful people who are trying to violate their rights.
“How can the government evict us who live on our own land while the Dkhars who live in Polo and Them Motor areas have not been evicted,” she said.
To surprise Ri Khasi, to surprise the people.
When inquired about the cost of cultivating synsar, it was said that the cleaning fee alone has reached T.10 tyngka per kilo, and the harvesting and transportation fee from the forest to the village has reached T.10 tyngka per kilo. kilo and the cost of treatment for the day is T.10 tyngka per kilo.
The RSS was first banned by the British Government, then again by the Indian Government after independence, first in 1948 after Hindu convert and RSS member Nathuram Godse Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated, then during the Emergency (1975-77) by Indira Gandhi and the third time in 1992 after the destruction of the Babri Masjid in Ayodhya.
This order shall come into force immediately until further notice.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday imposed micro containment on several houses in Jowai.
The UDP and other parties in the previous MDA government, the HSPDP, PDF, are more willing to join the NPP after five years of fighting. the election between the parties.
They were given to other nations.
However, even when they have the opportunity to come every day, they get only one or two markets and there are times when they have to turn empty-handed.
The tournament started on the 21st of July and was held at the SAI Ground, Football Ground, NEHU Permanent Campus.
There are also letters condemning the Dimasa Students Union which has appealed to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) where the NGT has ordered to ban the mining and transportation of coal.
“I urge the youth to focus on their education and not to get involved in any illegal activities and if they face any problems they should contact the police chief or the authorities. Shillong, Naitung 01 : The Pastors of the KJP Synod Sepngi through the Organizing Committee of the Charitable Football Friendly Match has announced that it will hold a Charitable Football Friendly Match. friendly competition between pastors and government officials which is divided into zones.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 20: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) of South West Khasi Hills District (UHM) has strongly condemned the assault on its leader Charlie J Rani by bloodthirsty men. FKJGP members who attempted to take the life of Sports Secretary Michael B.Dkhar and Assistant Organizing Secretary George Iawphniaw on the morning of on the 15th of November, 2022 in Mawlai, Mawdatbaki.
At the same time, Mukul said the remaining debt of NEEPCO is T.354.49 crore, NHPC T.21.44 crore, NTPC T.10.04 crore and ONCG Tripura Power Corporation T.0.01 crore.
In Meghalaya, most of the residents are farmers and many also farm jhur, pigs, cows and so on.
The Seng strongly opposes only those trucks owned by foreigners, not those owned by Khasi.
Nongpoh: The Mawlasnai Sports Association (MASA) on Tuesday opened the tournament in honor of Bah EK Mawlong, Bah Andrew Lyngdoh, son of Bah EK Mawlong. Mawlong, said that the family is grateful and respectful to the people of Mawlasnai and the Mawlasnai Sports Association, which has commemorated their father, who passed away in .
It is to be recalled that the protest was held to force the government to upgrade or enhance the salary of Adhoc teachers from LP to Hr.Secondary schools.
Khliehriat, June 26 : The three-day Amrit Mahotsav for Children (Azadi) sports festival for children in child care institutions in East Jaintia Hills District is underway. The program was held at the office of the District Child Protection Unit, East Jaintia Hills District at Dkhiah West Square. Speaking at the meeting, Bah A.Nongbri, MCS.Speaking as the chief guest, Bah A.Nongbri said that sports are a good form of exercise and help to improve the health of the people. children “This Children Sports Festival is also an opportunity for children to showcase their talents and activities, it is also here to learn about their strengths and weaknesses. "At the same time, he congratulated all the children who took part in this tournament in various sports.
In the final of the tournament on Saturday, India won the title after beating Pakistan 3-0 at the Dashrath Stadium. , Kathmandu, Nepal and the goalkeeper from Umroi, Ri Bhoi District won the title of best goalkeeper.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to convene a meeting of all political parties. All Party Meeting”.
The Dko and Lyngngam, even if they come from the same thymei, but the language differs from one area to another.
“When I asked Modi in Parliament about his relationship with Adani, he refused to answer by asking me why I am from the Gandhi clan and why I didn't give Nehru,” Rahul said.
Perhaps it is because it is too easy to get a license just because there is not enough BAISHA (which they say but more than the monthly fee) which they used to pay to those 'dalal' who used to be in the grounds of The worst thing is that many drivers don't recognize the zebra crossings or the well-maintained areas in the middle of the highway for the public to cross.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Bah Hamlet Dohling and MLAs from Bhoi, today visited Nongpoh to inaugurate the Nongpoh Solid Waste Management Project. The garbage dump is located in Umshangling.
Supercare has received NABH recognition for the Emergency Department on 15th November
At the same time, the government has confirmed that talks and violence cannot go hand in hand and urged the party to stop violence.
The Madras High Court today slammed the Election Commission of India (ECI) for being solely responsible for the spread of the corona virus.
“The seed of man came from the Father” (John 7:2).
Shillong, June 02: Leading leaders of political parties including the Congress, United Democratic Party ( The UDP and the Trinamool Congress (TMC) today joined the National People's Party (NPP) in the presence of the State Working President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Hamletson Dohling. NPP Spokesperson HM Shangpliang, District President Gavin Mylliem and Mawryngkneng MDC Pynïaid Sing Syiem at the party headquarters in Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, said, “We will come forward to be witnesses for the purpose of punishment according to the law. She said that if we demand justice we should not be afraid but we should come forward to fight against such incidents and not just end up in them. meeting".
The NPP , while expressing its deep concern over the allegations of involvement of the Prime Minister and the rebel groups , said that the party is afraid that such incidents may happen before the MP elections Mukul Sangma will continue to use the rebel group.
As the match continued, the country's player showed his tireless efforts to score another four goals.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU West Jaintia Hills President Laitphar Syngkrem said that the incident occurred when the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAAC) set up a gate in the area. but even after they had left, the conflict came again after a few days.
Similarly, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry has warned that Russia may launch another attack at such a time.
woi-ly-woi : which cannot be used to speak the language of small things.
Therefore, he expressed his special gratitude to the employer who has done such a good job and has spent more than what was allocated.
The Umngot River will affect the availability of river stones and shyiap which the people of the area used to build houses and many of the residents who live from this shyiap water.
“I have already resigned myself, because I feel responsible and cannot send others to resign.
The duitara is a four-stringed instrument made of sohphan wood and is one of the most popular traditional musical instruments around the world.
Jowai, July 27: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2023 has been held.
He said Mizoram and Punjab are the best teams.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi College Alumni Association (RBCAA) today held a special celebration on the 35th Anniversary of the Ri Bhoi College Alumni Association (RBCAA). The College is located at Mawdiangum, Nongpoh.
Referring to the existence of this scheme, in fact it has been of great benefit to the people, especially to those villages in the more remote areas which the state government has neglected in all aspects. roads, sidewalks, sports grounds, water tanks and other works for the benefit of the residents.
It was not until the assumption of office by Bah EK Mawlong as Chief Minister in 2000 that he visited these border areas together with the Chief Minister of Assam, Mr. PK Mahanta.
In these days, it is often heard that the marriage has caused many problems in which many families have suffered until the family has become lyngkrang especially in the Khasi community.
Following the shooting incident in Mukroh on the 22nd of last month, which claimed the lives of five elderly people in Mukroh and injured two others, the Government has announced to provide food aid. T.5 lakh to the families of the deceased and to pay the medical expenses of the injured.
“He said that the land of the people in his constituency is not coal mined, like other places in the area.
The President of the Samla, Curtis Rani, in the presence of the Secretary, Simen Jaraiñ and other leaders of the Samla, said that according to the information, HDR Lyngdoh has donated the scheme to himself through the CMSRDF scheme. 2012-2013 T.15 lakh.
The total number of cases in the state is 151, East Khasi Hills 111, West Khasi Hills 2, Ribhoi 3, West Jaintia Hills 26, East Jaintia Hills 2 and North Garo Hills 4 people.
“If the Government cannot pay the electricity bill of MeECL, then where will the Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare take action to remove the electricity bill? “Other problems of the people in terms of health especially the poor when the government cannot pay the electricity bill,” said Talang.
The registration of players for each team should be less than 15 players and at a cost of 100 tyngka per player.
“The arrival of Alphons here is not the responsibility of the government and to inform all the matters, Dr. Mukul has spoken without a word,” said JA Lyngdoh.
Through the court order, the State Government will also have to provide the salary as directed by the UGC to the college teachers as well as other salaries due to the deficit teachers as well as the teachers college.
‘It’s disgusting that a club member would do that.
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS today witnessed the PHE (Electrical) filling station at Urkhla, Khimusniang after being cleaned. He also urged the authorities to clean the water before distributing it to the people.
The new office bearers of the South West Khasi Hills Mini Owners & Exporters Association are JC Diengngan President, Rakesh D Shira Vice President, SF Nongbri Working President, Grelius Marweiñ and Ojoy A. Sangma, General Secretary JP Hahshah, Assistant Secretary Dhansing Hahshah, Treasurer Teilang Pde, Advisors Dliwell Marweiñ and A. Diengngan and 22 members.
He said fortunately that the bullet was on the ground, but if it had been on the people, there could have been casualties.
The markets collect the tax from the jhur vendors.
He said that we should never forget our mother tongue wherever we are.
It is for this reason that in the past few months we have witnessed and we will see again in the coming months, the party struggle of the fighters who are fighting for Rongiapan. get tickets to compete in
This happened after Gandhi's conviction in a court in Surat.
“I am very sorry for my fellow citizens who have suffered from this terrible tragedy,” said the Mawhati MDC.
In another match, Mawshbuit SC beat Young XI 17', S Dakhar 32' and Nongdhar 43' for Mawshbuit SC. Young Xl, J.Nongbri scored 8', 25' and F.Suting 64'
The writing on this page is no longer clear and has been left without a new one for many years.
Three ministers in the Cabinet are enough to do something on this issue.
Justice Bobde, who alleged that he did not wear a helmet while riding the bike, but later withdrew his allegation, after finding that the bike, was in the area. stand up.
The mob forced the guards of the prison, turned inside and dragged out the prisoner who was accused of rape and beat him to death.
Greater Laban has complained that since the withdrawal of the money released by the CEO SMB, no sign of any work has been seen and no certificate of use of the money has been received. UC).
“At the meeting we discussed to expedite the relief to the people affected by the floods,” he added.
In the subject of Science, out of the top 12 students, there were only three Khasi students, while in the subject of Commerce, out of the top 11 students, there was only one Khasi student.
If they don’t care, who will care for them.
These schools are Rangthong Govt.
We the youth of Mawjarain have a responsibility for the village and the whole area.
This decision was taken to reopen the Tourist Spot, after the temporary closure in recent months due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Another leader, R Lamar, said, “Politics is everywhere, but party politics should be abolished in this union so that any decision or voice that comes out of this union will be a voice. of the people.
Da I ​​Monmi Dkhar, MBOSE-71.33% R.K Mission Hr.Sec.School, Sohra.
Atul Bora, Minister of Agriculture, said that 13,033 pigs have died in the past few months.
According to the KHADC, there are permits received by these nine groups or by the owners from the village authorities.
The site for the Viceroy's residence is adjacent to the Secretariat of the British Government in India.
In Khasi and Jaintia too, much of the land of the Khasi-Jaintia people has gone to the chiefs, government departments and various companies and now many Khasi-Pnars do not own any land. long the refugees in the country.
The source of authority in which the Clerk of Power has issued these orders is Article 324 of the Constitution, which empowers the Clerk of Power to hold free and fair elections. naive.
“This incident shows the terrible killings that have happened in North India, while in this state, there are people who live in peace and love everyone,” he said. statement.
Therefore, the information and government authorities of the neighboring states are very important and we are continuing to do so,” said the CM.
The existing road between Phulbari-Tura on National Highway 127B will be upgraded to two lane with all the necessary facilities and will make it easier to travel to Tura which is the district headquarters of West Garo Hills and others. other parts of the state via the NH-217 (Tura-Dalu) and Tura-Jengjal-Rongjeng-Nongstoin-Shillong.
Langsning FC beat Nongthymmai SC 5-1 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Polo Shillong.
He will be buried tomorrow on the 13th at his village in Moopyut.
Due to the deceitful actions of the Vice Chancellor, the NEHUTA teachers have staged a protest against the VC until the issues caused by him are resolved.
Ten years ago, the expected collection of revenue and other revenues from the Central Government, excluding borrowed money, was Rs 16,068 crore while the expenditure was expected to be Rs 17,917 crore excluding debt repayment of Rs 964 crore.
He said that the Hima Mylliem should have the authority to make rules for all the basa in the market.
He said that within six months, 4470 PACS applications have been received from 34 states and union territories, of which 2373 have been approved.
At the end of the tournament, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong distributed a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy to the champions of the PFR Football Club. Football Club is not available.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prodipta was surprised that her shop was closed and said that she does not have a Trading License because she is a Khasi. Prodipta Khongwir said that her hometown is Siatbakon, a village below Pynursla.
Another part is that in India, people are clever in doing crimes just to appear.
Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech, said that when the students receive these awards, it is a sign of encouragement and motivation for them to continue to grow. from one level to another.
"She also urged the youth not to take part in any meetings because in the end if there are any incidents or tragic incidents like the incident in Tura, it is the mother at home. most pathetic.
The two illegal immigrants were identified as Md Raju Miya, 36, and Nazim Uddin, 36, of Milir Para, PO Dona Bazar, PS- Kanai Ghat District Sylhet (Bangladesh).
Shillong: A private vehicle (ML 05 N 6001) has been set on fire on the road to Umsohsun, near Hanuman Box shop, on the way to Police Bazaar.
The programs under this youth scheme include environmental protection programmes, workshops, workshops to learn how to earn money, seminars, career counselling, seminars youth parliaments, discussion programs and other programmes. Those who wish to receive financial assistance should fill up the forms and also online on the website.
From time to time, it is seen that drivers are too slow and government vehicles are too slow, too slow and in a hurry for what? Hard to get an answer.
On the 11th, while patrolling on Rymbai Road, Khliehriat PS Police arrested 16 truck drivers identified as (1) Morningstar Lyngdoh, (2) Handame Rymbai, (2) 3) Utpal Nath, (4) Md.Anwar Husain, (5) Hubor Lyngdoh, (6) Piwas Bareh, (7) Lakhan Dhar, (8) Daman Chyrmang, (9) Jimi Challam, (10) Denilson Rymbai, ( 11) Surji Lamare, (12) Godwin Pala, (13) Pyngor Malong, (14) Niya Nongtdu, (15) Joy Phawa and (16) Nem Challam, carrying coal in a truck. to Lumshnong area in violation of the NGT order ban on coal mining, police said.
They have explained from the election commissioners in the state that the 5000 rupees given by the MLA now does not cost anything in the next five years.
In addition, thousands of residents were injured and severely affected by the fighting between the two groups.
The NPP has proposed that the post of CEM JHADC should go to Thombor Shiwat, who has won three terms this time.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the KHADC cannot fail to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the construction of the Nongstoin-Mawthabah-Wahkaji road which has been funded by the central government. .
When asked what action the government will take against those petrol pumps which do not pay tax through the OTS, James Sangma said the government will not issue C Forms to any petrol pumps and this will close them. Petrol Pumps to import petrol from outside the State for sale within the State.
As the days and years passed, we declined in all areas.
There are another 20 cases whose doctors have not been able to treat them because they do not have a healthy body.
Shillong: The KSU Mawprem Circle has donated T.10,000,000 to the Mawprem Catholic Church.
It is also believed that these sounds, called FRBs, come from a distant source and are not aliens.
Chief Engineer, National Highway GC Marak said that the PWD department has already called a tender for the construction of the collapsed road at Nongshram which falls under Mawthyngkut Constituency.
On the other hand, the party left Mihmyntdu Square with a prayer and marched along with the songs of the party about 'Kiang Nangbah' who led the rally by motorcyclists followed by vehicles. They arrived at Syntu Ksiar to hold a swearing-in ceremony for the office bearers of the Central Executive Committee at Syntu Ksiar.
The Pac has summoned the officers of MeECL today regarding the delay in the work of the department.
He was arrested in the afternoon.
“On the part of the party, we will go on our own to inspect these places where the work is not smooth but what we want from the government is that the land should not be destroyed. shyiap in the state," he added.
“I understand the problem of the Medical Officer of this PHC, but don't worry we will try to get another MO in this PHC,” said Santa. PHC to do their job well to help the people of the area and does not want any complaints from the people to allege that there are no people to do the job to do the work to do the x-ray and by ultrasound.
The highest number of underweight children is in Bihar with 41 per cent, followed by Gujarat with 39.7 per cent and Jharkhand with 39.4 per cent.
However, if the father's children are from that father, the three husbands will know that they are the brothers of the same father.
He said that at present it is not known how much the government will collect from the factories and it will know after receiving all the figures.
He said that the people have been facing problems since the NGT ban. “I will take this issue to the Legislative Assembly if we cannot teach the people to mine coal according to the rules. According to the scientific authorities, the mining of coal should not be allowed to continue in the state.
Once upon a time there was a girl in a place, I don't want to tell you the name of the village.
One woman, born on August 26, 1910, in Skopje, North Macedonia, who is known to the world as Mother Teresa of Calcutta, cannot be forgotten.
In 2019, when the implementation of the scheme started, the Rangbah Shnong came urgently to tell me that the water tank cannot supply water properly and if this is the case, the scheme may not be able to supply water. works well.
Pasyih Cultural will play against Tympang Club at 10 pm while Newhills will play against Chyrmang Wah at 12 noon.
Iohi Ksan Lyngdoh of Sabahmuswang scored 22 goals while Lakhon Phawa (33) and Nangkhroo Lyngdoh (48) scored the second and third goals for Saindur.
The policyholder will have the opportunity to choose from four funds, namely the Bond Fund, the Secured Fund, the Balance Fund and the Growth Fund. Within these years, according to the policy, these four will be free.
“To Ri, when we get here, let's cut our way,” said Hiram. “To Bah Hiram, we'll meet and want to go back there,” said Ri and walked on her way. sleep.
In his speech, Bah Jitendra said that the Lead Trust Organization was established in 2018 on the basis that it wants all the disabled to stand on their own feet and if they face any problems they can it is they themselves who will find ways and means how to solve those problems according to their ability.
Deputy Commissioner Peter S Dkhar said that the celebration will start with the raising of the flag at all government offices at 7 pm.
Riiona Shabong, said that the incident has caused a loss of T.5 lakh.
“The employees of MCCL have been facing problems since 2013 in terms of salary and from the NGT ban and the outbreak of covid is still affecting us employees, so we request The government has decided to pay the remaining salary and also to take any decision on the dewbilat factory,” he said.
Therefore, the Government should immediately implement these demands of the KNGCSU to avoid any problems.
Metbah said the Lamphang can take part in the election only when there is a matter of no confidence, but in the election he votes, this is a mistake on the part of the Lamphang.
The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) has congratulated the MLP wrestlers for taking part in the tournament and hopes that they will be able to showcase their skills and return home together. you have won.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a meeting to discuss the issues of young sportsmen and honored 9 sportsmen. Athletes from South West Khasi Hills District who have brought fame and glory through their medals in various sports.
Perhaps the road allows the Kher Rangbah from the Governor's Office to stand in place of the Governor to read in English in the Legislative Assembly.
Replying to a question on the seizure of uranium from Manipur by AMD and UCIL from Meghalaya, Conrad said, “There is no incident of uranium mining in the state but because it is it's a good thing".
Also present on the occasion was the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Nababrata Bhattacharjee who handed over the BCCI Championship Trophy to Nagaland.
“The election was fair and transparent,” said Bah W Khyllep, Electoral Officer, adding that the election was conducted in accordance with the rules of the BCCI and the rules of the Election Commission of India. ECI).
In a statement sent by the President, Bah Kynsaikupar Rani, it said that at the gate, they have to pay 200 tyngka per truck.
According to the statement, the main reason for the construction of the temporary office is to provide security for the residents of Manipur who come to seek shelter in the state. Mizoram and also to curb the entry and exit of armed group members and the smuggling of firearms.
Referring to the building constructed by Assam at Khanapara, Bah Victor Rani said that he has received information that Assam has plans to turn it into a Transit Camp office for the Assam Police. which is planned to build up to 3 floors.
The goal is to encourage and develop the youth of the state which is one of the reasons why the government has struggled and worked hard to bring many tournaments in Shillong as witnessed in recent years. not finished.
In chasing this big goal, the WJH bowlers couldn't stand the WKH bowlers and scored only 36 runs for the loss of all wickets. run.
“Based on our objective to serve the state, the North East and the country as a whole, we have come to this decision,” he said.
The question now is how these soldiers are allowed to set up camp even on the National Highway, why the government doesn't send them to the forest areas on the border with Bangladesh to check the infiltration of Khar. Bangladeshis who try to smuggle into India?” said the KSU leaders from Huroi.
“Sahaij said that the ability to play well is an inspiration from the talented players in the Khelo India University Games
This system is damaging and makes young people dependent on others for their livelihood.
It is right that the government has to take money from time to time because the money that should have reached it goes to someone else's pocket.
Ri Bhoi Police, which won the title, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while PHE, which won the title, received a cash prize of T.20,0 T.10,000 with the trophy.
Regarding the allegation by the ANVC-B that the KSU does not turn its attention to the Garo people living in the Khasi areas, the President of the KSU Central Body, Samla Daniel Khyriem, said that the KSU will continue to look after the Garo people living in the Khasi areas. KSU West and South West Khasi Hills have been appointed to oversee the activities in these areas.
If the party is against the CAA (don't talk about ILP because you don't support the ILP until after the CAA is passed).
However, the enactment of the Healing (Prevention of Evil) Practices Act 2024, in Assam, may put the worship of Christians at great risk.
Don't be proud," advised the mother. "When your father thinks that you will grow up and spend for the right thing and it will grow again," advised the mother. Young men like Halbert are still be ruled by the bud tynneng and spend the fruit.
Sharov, commander of the 810th Guards Separate Order of the Zhukov Brigade of the Russian Marines, was killed in Mariupol, the capital, where about 1,000 civilians were besieged by Russian troops. .
He said the UGC should suspend the implementation of the Choice Based Credit System from November 2015 and also repeal the Central University Bill-2
The screening and treatment started on 30th July, 2024 and ended on Saturday.
In our village, the guards are the ones who don't know.
In the end, a thousand thanks to you Bah Latiplang and all the MDCs who have been with you for being ready to complete your date first. which has removed and deleted some parts of the order as it is compelled to preserve the customs which the ancestors have established along with the suit ka shor.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 42 cases, including 3 cases in Caroline Colony Cluster, 3 cases in Chutwakhu Cluster, 3 cases in Iooksi Cluster, 3 cases in Mulieh, 3 cases in Padu Shnongpdeng and 3 cases in Shangpung Moosyiem.
According to the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA), the project has been conducted to address the electricity supply problem in the state. The Government of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has decided to dam the Umngot River for the construction of a hydro-electric power generation project.
In a statement, the party leaders said that besides the 23 MLAs who do not belong to the party, about 8 MLAs are from other parties.
When the UCC is implemented, all these will no longer apply because only one law will apply throughout the country, the UCC.
On this occasion, the journalists expressed their gratitude to the 'Sarot I Man' group for taking this great step and wished it to continue to do its work. good for the society in the days to come.
These calls were confirmed to have been made by a convicted murderer, Jayesh Pujari, also known as Kantha, who has been arrested from the jail. He was arrested under the UAPA in Belagavi, Karnataka, police said.
This is the victory of the Hynniewtrep people and the North East as a whole.
Besides, the union does not hesitate to dismiss or dismiss those foreigners who have threatened and given more sticks to the police to bomb the people who oppose the public hearing on that day. The government and the police should immediately arrest the foreigners who have been involved in the incident and that they should be punished according to the rules of law.
Mairang, Nailar 02: Mission Braveheart SC beat Nongrang SC 2-1 in the 2nd Division match of the Pyndengumiong District Sports Association on Tuesday.
More will be published and may be mentioned later in the following articles.
The General Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples, Bah Dundee Khongsit, said that the Union of Farmers has already reported on the illegal trade in cows at the Khanapara cow market. to Bangladesh to the Superintendent of Police of Ribhoi and East Khasi Hills Districts.
He also promised that as the Minister of Education, he will continue to take responsibility for the provision of facilities in the schools to provide assistance to the colleges and at the same time urged the students college to try to stand on their own feet and not just wait for government jobs.
“So far, there are 15 lakh tourists to the state and this will be a change in income.
When now in the border settlement we fight together but you blame us? I used to tell the party to do what we understand is good for the people, but we don't lose because we do for the people.
The media shall refrain from publishing false news or criticism of the character or conduct of any candidate or in connection with the candidacy or withdrawal of candidacy which affects the resol of that candidate in the election.
Why is it that in the Khasi association, the Jadu-myntor is included while the Dykhar is included? It all depends on Thought.
The NPP West Jaintia also congratulates the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for his hard work in bringing together the MDA team which has worked with the BJP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and Independent MLAs to win the elections. to Dr. Kharlukhi.
According to Phorida, there are two doctors at the CHC, Dr Marshall Lamare, Dr Wai Sumer and Radian Shylla who works as an ANM. ) after meeting with the relatives of the victims, strongly condemned the actions of the doctors of the CHC and demanded that the government should take strict action.
Besides, he said that in Sohiong, the people can see the living remains of the former MLA who passed away recently.
Speaking on Saturday, Bah Samlin said that although he has worked hard and brought a lot of development for the constituency, all these have not come to fruition.
Under the leadership of Bah Pynshai Mawrie, the kickboxing team of the country will take part in the Asian Kickboxing Championship 2022 to be held in Bangkok, Thailand from 10th to 19th November
“If the KSUs are arrested, they will switch off their Aadhaar number like switching off their phones.
This lack of land has led to the department having to pay thousands of rupees per month.
Shillong: The MDA government will take a decision to hold elections for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council before the end of the term. Rule Administrator.
In addition, there are hundreds of YouTube channels that have been banned for misleading viewers by spreading false and misleading news.
On the other hand, Prestone said that so far more than 8000 people living abroad have registered with the government. He said it will not be easy for the state government. or the Dorbar Shnongs to receive all 8000 persons.
Seeing that many of the people of this village are against whether it is good or bad, the sordar said, “If we lead anyone, a man of God or a man of the devil, they will oppose. They refused to bury people, until the police came and had to bury them in the yard.
We signed with the World Bank in 2011 to provide financial assistance for the road under the PMGSY scheme,” he said.
After 9 o'clock, Santa, her son and her husband left.
Can anyone be punished whether it is a government employee or anyone else without any rules?
Speaking on the occasion, Pyush Dogra said that the ability of the CLLMP is something to be commended especially the ability of them to post videos of their work and photographs and cash memos to witness the progress in the implementation of this budget.
He said this while speaking at Murmu's house at Orchid Lake Resort today.
Meanwhile, Syiem Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem said that the purpose of the meeting was to work together to make the market clean.
He also called on the private sector, Seng, Dorbar Shnong, Hima and District Councils to work hard and try their best to fight and protect the land and border.
As a rule, a man or a woman should have the right to build their own household, clan with their caretaker, and also their children so that they can build and describe your family and your clan.
This is a difficult task even for experienced Navy divers because the shape of the cave is 176 feet deep and at the end of this there are many small and many coal mines in all sides.
We talked to her," he said.
“We will send detailed information to the High Court,” he said.
However, at the same time, it has also created difficulties for the government to negotiate with Assam.
Khliehriat, Nailar 07: The Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle has received complaints from the residents of the border area, who have expressed their concern over the slow construction of the border bridge at Shymplong village. , the union has demanded that the C.P.W.D department should expedite the construction of this bridge so that it will not cause problems to the people of the border area in coming and going.
:In commemoration of the 74th Anniversary of the Constitution of India, the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, in collaboration with the NSS Unit, Legal Care & Support Center and the Equal Opportunity Cell at Shillong Law College, together with the High Court Legal Services Committee, East Khasi Hills District.
As soon as he heard of this sad news and the suffering of the Christians in Ri Khasi, he hurried back to Nongsawlia with Mrs. Roberts and her daughter Miss Bessie Roberts.
“I am a person who likes to travel to other places and when I go I also look for places to relax, and that is why I started to develop this place which is a pond. dohkha in the past as a recreational area for the people where there were also specially built recreation areas, food shops,” said Bah Oral.
Shillong, March 19: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Manish Chatrath on Friday said that the Congress leaders who have left the party have now expressed their views on the want to come back to the party.
However, the intention does not fit at all because in these dams, it can be said that they have been misused for the production of alcohol and shelter.
Among other things created by nature, there is a story about a stone that was very tall and bright in the sun, and it is said that on this stone which is about 4 meters around, there was a a rich farmer in the past, who turned his money into a sunny place.
So, I went to his hut and sat there under the trees for hours, but I couldn’t see him there.
At the same time, he said that the land acquisition for the construction of exit and entry points has been going smoothly and some land has almost been acquired and will start soon. to the manufacture.
Shillong, June 13 : All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government as a government in the form of a wolf in sheep's clothing. The party will stand firmly against the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed with Assam on 6 out of the 12 land disputed.
Doesn't this show that the rule of justice and justice has not been lost?
“How much do you take?” asked Bah Sokon.
Once you have become too clever, you will be able to do something wrong.
Questions were also raised on the visit of the three to meet the Governor.
“Until now, the Government has only built the Umling Entry Point (Ri-Bhoi) which has turned into a house.
The Minister walked from Siju Dabakkol to Rongdong to visit and meet the affected families.
The PWD department of the state, which is in charge of this, does not have enough staff to ensure that when there is such a deterioration of the roads, especially in the city.
He said the PA Sangma Stadium is a project at a cost of Rs 127 crore of which 90% comes from the central government.
Your bank pass book is not xerox k.
Assam Police on Tuesday announced that they have arrested a robber involved in the murder of a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader. from Goalpara, Assam.
The hospital was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Health Society. BS Sohliya, DM&HO Dr.EBV Laloo, President of the Kur Sookpoh Khadar Wyrnai and Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, UPHC staff and others.
However, in the 24th minute, Diengpasoh scored the third goal through Apbhalang Marboh.
Alcohol not only affects the society but also the health of the people who drink it.
Sutnga from Group B and Rangdajied from Group C have reached the semifinals after losing points. In front of 3,000 people who came to witness and support the Sutnga team.
Police have arrested Nur Alom of Rajabala, Mosaidul Sheikh of Baigaon and Nazidur Rehman of New Baithbari.
Dr War said that the people should have an understanding that the Corona Virus will spread and if they don't take action it will cause problems to others.
On the other hand, the FKJGP leader in Jaintia Hills has threatened that if the government does not do anything on this issue, the party will have to go to court so that the people can get their rights.
Speaking to many parents who have children who have completed their education in Secondary Schools, who also have the desire to send their children to education, but because they are poor they find it difficult to They don't have their own homes and have to stay in other people's homes along with other problems.
Shillong, Nailur 01 : The Shillong Referees Society on Tuesday celebrated the Referee's Day by holding various programs in Shillong.
Many of those who were lame and lame were thrown on a tree or on the ground.
The Five Star Football Club Lyngngai will hold a trial football match on the 15th June 2023 at 7 pm at Lyngngai Lyngkhoi Stadium.
The meeting of the Rangbah Kurs of Ryntathiang, Kharshiing, Wahlang, Mawlong, Nongdhar, Nongkhlaw, Thangkhiew (Three Kpoh), Kharir, Suting and Nongrum was held on 8/9/18, /9/8 & 12/10/18 has decided to convene a meeting of the Office Bearers of various Kurs as there have been Seng Kur/Dorbar Kur in the Bri u Hynniew Trep in this regard to discuss and In our discussions as the Rangbah Shnongs of the above mentioned Kurs, we understand that both these Bills have a conflict with the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act It affects our longevity as a nation.
Or if they don't understand anymore about the Jaitbynriew, the Khadar rule, the sacred heritage of their Raid or Hima and even of the Jaitbynriew, it would be better for them to leave the country. the country's economy.
The NRC up-dating in Assam was done in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court on a PIL filed by three civil society organizations including the Assam Sanmalita Mahasangha and the Assam Public Works. and the All Assam Ahom Association.
Akbar also alleged that Sanjay should have been nominated as an MLA under Article 100 (1) (d) (i) & (iv) because he had concealed the information.
This was announced by Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the party.
BJP State President Ernest Mawrie welcomed Vijaya Rahatkar at the BJP office before the programme.
Not only that, the wife also complained that her husband does not trust her and checks her chats, messages, recorded conversations and others on her mobile. year.
The Enforcement Police of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday raided the illegal vendors along the roadsides and footpaths of the market. Mawlong more and more.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mylliem and Advisor to the Chief Minister. Hamletson Dohling, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs Isawanda Laloo, Rangbah Shnong of Raid Sawkur Nongkseh AL Thangkhiew, President of Nongkseh Sports and Cultural Club Daniel M. Thangkhiew and others.
East Khasi Hills Police today arrested the Rangbah Dong, Bah Gilbert Pdah, on charges of involvement in the kidnapping of Bah Halorsing.
In previous years, the Committee has awarded prizes to students who have passed well in the Science and Arts Stream as an encouragement to the students to progress in their studies.
"This statement is very sad because in the case of HIV/AIDS they say that it cannot be cured, because the body of the person affected by the disease does not have that disease anymore. They have no power to fight against diseases, no longer have the power to heal themselves.
On the other hand, the FKJGP during the inspection expressed its concern over the insult by the Meghalaya government to the border areas. He said that the government should give buskit to the residents of Kyrshai village for their love for Meghalaya even in the middle of the border area. They have not joined the Assam government where they have received many assistance from the Meghalaya government.
The President of the State NPYF, Bah Kitboklang Nongrem as the chief guest and the President of the National NPYF, Bah Kitboklang Nongrem, took part in the match between Jaguar and Ostephi. RBYF Chairman, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew as the chief guest to witness the tournament and also with words of encouragement to these teams and the Ri Khasi Social & Cultural Sport Club who organized this tournament for the development of football in the state.
The Minister said that despite the heavy rainfall, the reliance on the rainfall to distribute electricity makes it difficult to supply electricity.
Pangniang said that on the 30th of November, there will be a meeting of the leaders of the National Federation of New State (NFNS) of those groups demanding a new state in the North East. It is located in the eastern part of India.
AIM has raised awareness on the rights and truth according to the freedom that must be lived for the onslaught of Covid-19 in various parts of the world.
Shillong: The Intelligence Unit of the Assam Rifles and the ANTF of the Superintendent of Police in East Khasi Hills District have seized Yaba from Umshyrpi Bridge in Shillong.
Jeremiah Mukhim and Chwamiki Ryngkhlem scored 44 and 20 runs respectively to lead AJCA to the win.
“There are 93,500 applicants for these 62 vacancies and these include those who have completed graduate, post graduates, MBAs, MCAs, PhDs and others in higher positions,” he said. Shillong: The office of the Principal Accountant General of Meghalaya has strongly criticized the former Meghalaya government for spending Rs 1,490.48 crore alone. He said that the former government has spent T.3,266.77 crore in the month of October 2017 alone.
“We don't want to mislead the people while implementing the Roster System, while the Roster Register has been in place since
The rules issued by the NITI Aayog show that the State Government is more responsible for the ADCs in the management of this fund because all the work to be done by the ADCs must be sent to the State Government. to the federal government.
Also, in collaboration with the district authorities and DERT, a march will be held to shout and write in different languages ​​about the right to vote in the city.
Boris has lived with Symonds in Downing Street since taking over as prime minister.
"Today, the body of Sameer Sharma, who was found hanging himself at his residence in Mumbai, was found.
He said that these khiew are unique and have their own beauty which can be exported abroad.
The question now is where did the T.1,75,68000 go? “This is a great mistake for the Hima as a whole and why he didn't bring all the money to the Hima Dorbar,” said Bah Jeengaph.
I am not comfortable speaking without information, so I decided to go quickly to Jaduguda, along with three journalists, and found out the situation.
He said the Internet shutdown has affected the students who have to find classes through online applications.
Therefore, don't be afraid of Bah Shulai, because you don't know how he used to say.
The Jana-Gana-Mana Song of IndiaIn honor of Rabindra Nath Tagore, who composed this famous song of India, which but to sing only to the villages, hills, rivers of others is not enough.
“This will shock us, and from the shock it will bring great danger and doubt even to the Constitution of India,” said Bah Shylla.
She said that the ILP will not prevent people from coming to the state but will prevent those who intend to stay.
The issue was also raised in the Lok Sabha by Conrad Sangma when he was MP from the state.
Hek, who has been elected as MLA for three terms, today was elected to empower him to oversee the implementation of all the schemes that come from the central government, said the President of the party. Mr. Ernest Mawrie.
At present, the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District, especially in the Narpuh area, has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. to the street.
But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.—1 Timothy 6:7-1
After retiring from politics, Bah Lyngdoh also served as Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU). and the KJP Assembly and moved the office from the KJPA headquarters to the present location in Nongrah.
Secretariat, the protest will start at 11 pm.
Murdoch, who has seven children, was first married to Patricia Booker, an Australian airman, but divorced in
Disappointed.
All the tribal states of the North East from Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya have now come under the control of the BJP government from Delhi.
In the midst of this journey to victory, we must be vigilant and protect our nation from the spread of 'kainiong and pyrjong, sheepskin sheep which are 'khariong ki 'kharstem' They are the miawiong who look outside how to deceive and deceive with all kinds of evil scientific methods to enter this peaceful country in the middle of the world, through marriage, income, inheritance (benami) and when they If they get the right to vote (Epic), then they will sit quietly, they will drink the milk and they will start to plan their own kingdom (Epic) to do. We are still an independent nation and peace still rules over us compared to other nations of the world who are full of fear and danger. wars, terrible killings of refugees every day.
He said that during his visit to many villages in Mawphlang Constituency, he has seen the backwardness in many areas.
The Minister also informed that the Umkhen River will be one of the sources of drinking water for the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme.
“Before he took over as treasurer, I told him to give me T.15 lakh for urgent works and on the same night, he paid me T.15 lakh. , in order to improve our technologies"
The committee was formed on Tuesday in the presence of leaders and members of these organizations from Nartiang.
He said that the code of conduct in the nursing profession laid down by the NABH is also an explanation on how to evaluate the services of nurses in health centres.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) WKHD, Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that he is deeply saddened by the knowledge that there are many foreign shops in Shallang. Hundreds of shops did not have proper documents and the three organizations have closed down. the shops inside the Shallang Market.
Toi demarcation should be the first priority when the state is acquired.
He also urged to implement their demands because until now they have to burn with wood, why not provide them with LPG Gas, said Bah SHangpliang.
“I would like to request the DC not to be a mawdohnud but to think of us especially those who live here.
This is what you call “Teaching from the Spirit”?! Not all parents of children who study in your street schools are rich.
Meghalaya will play their last match against Baroda tomorrow.
According to the population of Meghalaya, many people have died.
Tura, Jymmang 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma today resumed the second phase of his election campaign using a helicopter to enter the country. to the constituencies outside the Garo Hills.
JHADC/POL/23/2021/6 dated 8/11/2023 under the provisions of section 14(1) of the Jaintia Hills District Act. Prolin Samayang has been appointed as the Acting Dolloi of Labang Nongphyllut District.
The winners of the grand final are Manisha Mukhim of Saitsama, Vanalari, Lhuid of Ialong Daman, Lamarna Lumiongkjam of Jowai, Rekha Syrti of Jalaphet, Muhor Dkhar of Myrjai, Nicky C Sumer of Panaliar, Enibha War. Protection Phawa, Ida and Tre Sumer and Odaryca Chyrmang of Tyndowapung.
The girl was allegedly raped by Pankaj Kumar Bharadwaj, 22, who disappeared from the scene.
Not only can we not recognize this, but we cannot even imagine in what form its good.
Registration will be held at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai at 5:30 pm and the race will start at 6:00 pm.
One patient from Matti Corona Care Center and two assistants of Matti Corona Care Center have also tested positive.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting on 17th October, the Cabinet Spokesperson who is also the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the bill will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly to amend the The name of the award was given to Captain William Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie today took part in the celebration of the 60th Diamond Jubilee of Savio Juniorate. Father, Mawlai was held at the hall of Savio Junior School.
A Sikh leader in Shilong said, “If the body is clean, can we turn to God?
Meanwhile, Bah Pynshngan N Syiem of the Congress who is the CEM said that the struggle against the laws has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
In the middle of the evening, various churches held a service to welcome the incarnation of the infant Jesus Christ.
The deadline for submission of nominations is 31/5/2024 at 6 PM. For more information please contact Secretary Sport- K Kyndiah:
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation to track down the suspects is ongoing.
Son of Bah (L) Wanstar Lyngdoh and Kong Sipora Syiem.
Therefore, they stand firm on the principle that there should be no discrimination in the appointment according to the Roster whether it has been in force since previous years or in the future.
These are the leaves that can produce a poor quality of dumasla.
She also urged the athletes to continue to work hard and not to lose heart in their journey.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents said that sometimes there are vehicles that pass by, but they have to prepare in advance their nar lyngka, mohkhiew to quarry stone and dig soil, in order to fill the They are only used to transport food and beverages to the places where they intend to store and deliver food and other items.
“The Prime Minister of the country has visited Kutch, but there has been no comment on the incident.
It also has anti-inflammatory properties, which help to reduce inflammation in the body.
We urge all our fellow citizens to strictly follow the directions of the government authorities and not to fight against the directions.
Amit Shah made the remarks at the 70th meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) held in Guwahati, Assam on Sunday.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The Deputy Chief Minister, Dr. RC Laloo, who is also in charge of the Education Department, has submitted a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister, Dr. RC Laloo to demand the implementation of the demands of the Jaintia Hills District. KNGCSU and also to transfer the DC and Add.
He said this in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly for the next fiscal year 2023-2
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has demanded that MeECL should install transformers in Dawki and Bakur villages after they were affected by the power outage every night for nearly a day.
These data are released by the IMD and are not collected from other sources.
He said the government needs to formulate a strong policy to curb the entry of foreigners and these are the strengthening of the Land Transfer Act and other laws to protect the indigenous people of the state.
The North East Indigenous Peoples' Forum (NEIPF), Shillong Chapter, which held a meeting on the 9th of this month, has decided to express its strong opposition to the proposal. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government has decided to change the name of India to Bharat.
The growth of the market in this market has led to the need to improve this area.
It is impossible to explain the relationship between C and Cj because it can be left to those experts from the Amwi and Lyngam speaking villagers or other areas.
They became full of robbery.
They put the seed on the ground and covered it with soil on both sides.
From the many letters of her parents, Marilyn Lewis, who now lives in New Zealand, followed up to tell about their experiences as missionaries in 1933-39 in India.
Perhaps, there are those who say, now, this year I will not use mobile phones anymore.
What it will do for the nation.
Marak in the letter also threatened to take the matter to the highest levels if the Director does not immediately stop the illegal appointment.
On the other hand, Dr. E. Marbaniang, Secretary DSSC and Mr. AJ Nongkynrih, A7G Enterprise Event Partner, announced the 35th anniversary of the DSSC. modern times that can encourage young people to participate.
The Seng also warns against anyone who suggests such foreigners and to keep them in the Khasi community, not only that, the Seng will not stand idly by but will walk and stand. shaphrang not to allow such foreigners to come and hide by using the name and race of Khasi.
The story of the Jews or the children of Israel is not just about Joseph or Moses or Aaron or Miriam or Deborah or Joshua or the Prophets or Kings or slavery and freedom or laws or covenants and the Law.
In the first leg, Moodymmai beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 2-0 with goals scored by Treimiki Passah in the 6th minute and Minikor Ryngkhlem in the 34th minute.
The Government has prepared 55 posts for 36 Teachers and 19 for Office Managers.
Welldone and Franky are the youths who have voted for the first time in the MLA elections. However, there are others who have taken responsibility. Two brothers and sisters, who are not brothers, went together to the polling station to cast their votes for the Sohiong election. on January 10, 2023.
“Do these MLAs who have lodged the complaint mean that my office is the District Council Dorbar Hall?” “Why don't they go and look for the District Council?” he asked. “If there is a disagreement within the party, why do they come to interfere with my work?” he asked. “This shows that they believe that my workplace is the guest house of the MDCs, or a place to hide anyone. He said that he doesn't know about the MDC from Mawthadraishan Constituency, because he himself is from Nongstoin Constituency. HSPDP MLAs who blame others and don't respect the feelings of others.
Shillong: Supreme Court Advocate Dr. Fenela L Nonglait on Tuesday said that the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam is just a matter of wanting to complete it without the consent of the people.
When the media spoke to some of the students who are taking the matric examination, they expressed their deep sorrow and said that they feel like giving up. Nations and cultures also immediately see that these are the questions of social science.
New Delhi: There have been 3,23,144 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
According to sources, the Khonsa Battalion of the Assam Rifles and the Tirap area conducted the search operation on the morning of the 13th. moon.
On this basis, the MDP urged the Prime Minister to consider the appointment of one MDC of the Seng Khasi in KHADC and another MDC of the Sein Raij or Niam Tre in KHADC. JHADC to restore the dignity of the jaitbynriew.
Bah SD Khongwir, at the age of 87, has already received both the tickets, the first in June 2021 and the second in June
Even the tenant will be able to claim the house after a long stay, through this law and instead of reducing the influx of foreigners, this law has called for more expenditure on foreigners, he said, Mr. Najer.
This racism still needs to be changed for the good of the country and the nation.
The training, which started in Assam, will be conducted in four regions across India to spread awareness about the rules and regulations for internet users. they should do so to avoid being scammed, receiving junk or spam messages and being scammed.
He said that it is time for the youth in the Jaidbynriew to unite to fight against the foreign forces who have come to invade the state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Land and Forest Owners Association (MLA) today held a stakeholders consultation meeting on the proposed amendments to the Indian Forest Act 1927, convened by the Forest Department. MLFOA) and the Federation of Khasi States have requested the Forest Department for two months to comment on the Indian Forest Act 1927 which the Government of India intends to amend and implement throughout India. The Forest Act provides that India shall have the power to protect the forests and includes the provisions to arrest and punish those who violate the Forest Acts. The Village Authorities and Village Officers should work together with the Forest Act in the implementation of all these rules.
In the U-17 match, Govt.
Meanwhile, a special session of the KHADC will be held tomorrow Saturday to discuss the report of the Delimitation Committee.
However, at the same time, he said that the BJP's support for the NPP candidates has not really worked for the people.
There is a need to elect a person who can bring about development that affects all as a society, the people of Sohiong constituency need to elect a person who can lead the people who can to bring about a clean and impartial governance, a person who understands and is ready to serve the people with love and a spirit of responsibility, whether in any field related to the people of your constituency.
The school authorities have also been directed to check the food supplies of the students and to advise them to eat healthy foods and to look after the health of the children.
AJYWO also seized 260 SIM cards including Airtel, Aircel, Idea, Voda-Fone, Cell-One and Reliance.
The residents of the village have held a dorbar today to help repair as much as possible these houses which have been destroyed by the natural disaster.
Several programs have already been held at the festivals held in East Khasi Hills.
The journalist has been protesting since three months after Russia invaded Ukraine on June 24,
Tbn.Lamphrang Lamare, resident of Moosiang Lamare New, East Jaintia Hills District, passed away on
On the protest of Ardent Basaiawmoit to demand change in the policy, AL Hek said any protest by any person belongs to all those who have the same feelings.
The incident occurred on Tuesday when a group of 41 climbers were on their way to train at the Advance Mountaineering Course, Nehru Institute of Mountaineering (NIM). ), Uttarkashi were covered and drowned in the collapse of Mount Draupadi Ka Danda which is about 5,771 m (18,934 ft).
“There is the most violent fraud going on these days.
The event was attended by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Chief Whip Marcus N. Marak, Chairman Meghalaya Transport Corporation, Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma and others. smile that lyndan.
The China Meteorological Administration has forecast that temperatures will continue to reach 40 to 45 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit) in Chongqing and Sichuan, Jiangxi and Zhejiang provinces. on Friday and for the next few days.
“We are right to conduct and open the discussion among the political parties of the state on the issue of State Reservation Policy which is our responsibility.
During this investigation, it was discovered that there were fake loans, fake interest rates, fake premium through these fake companies.
Jesus proclaims and revives the value system of the Kingdom of God.
The law to them,depends on knowledge and interpretation of it.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Wansuk Syiem said that the Sansad Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana (SAGY) is a scheme for the development of rural areas including the construction of roads to improve the rural areas. education and to promote culture.
The 61-year-old, who had just returned from London on 4th October 2020, died this morning at the hospital.
Dr. Gurinder said that the university has recently opened the admission portal for the academic year 2022-23 in various streams including Engineering, Architecture and Planning, Commerce and Management, Pharmacy and Food Science. and Technology, Agriculture, Aeronautical, Aerospace, Computational Sciences, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Skill Development and Online Certified Courses in Emerging Technologies i.
The protesters shouted “No ILP, No Rest” without ILP, no rest” when they left the secretariat.
On the other hand, the MLA of Sutnga Saipung constituency, Kong Santa Mary Shylla, has from time to time talked to the government regarding the National Highways-0 mat regarding the deterioration of this road.
The Khasi also believe in the NONGKYLLIANG. The NONGKYLLIANG, according to our understanding, is like you sow and you reap.
The Youth Assembly also sent a special thanks to the Social Forestry at Sawmer Shiteng for the donation of trees planted on this day, said a statement from Banlamlynti Nongbet Secretary JSBPS. Shillong, July 7: Ka The Shillong Premier League Football Tournament 2013 will start tomorrow at 4 pm at the JN Sports Complex, Polo.
Another goal was scored by Lalboi Kipjen in the 50th minute from the penalty spot and another in the 60th minute.
Others present included MDC Donevan Wanlang, Headmistress Kong M Larngap, Syiem of Sohra Hima Paiem F Syiem, officers of the Education Department from Sohra Civil Sub Division and church leaders.
The public is not allowed to stand in this closed area and all the residents of this market area are not allowed to leave their homes in order to avoid the crowd and to do the for contact tracing.
Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh has been able to announce its opening ceremony for the teachers, parents and students of the school. The registration of students and the management of schools will be smooth and orderly without any interference especially for students to come to school.
Before the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma meets with the Chief Minister Assan on the 6th of this month in Guwahati, these committees will inspect and submit their report.
Why? Because they did not have the right to be cleansed by the blood of Jesus when they repented.
Wow, the teachers are worried about how to provide proper training to the students besides the completion of the courses set by the Ministry of Education.
Besides the UDP Shella Circle leaders, Balajiedkupar was also present. UDP Shillong Circle leaders including Vice President Allantry Dkhar were also present.
The award ceremony was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at a function held at Madan Mot Tirot Mairang Mission Mairang today. , was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej who was the chief guest.
It is to be recalled that the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has been going on for more than 49 years since Meghalaya got its own state and many residents have been watching. The government is expected to resolve this issue before the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the state.
In the letter, the MHA has directed that there will be no new posts to be approved under the BADP and therefore urges the state government to select the posts that have already been allocated.
The Secretary Land Resources, while inspecting the scope of this work in the North Eastern States, said that a Task Force will be set up for the work related to land in the North Eastern States. The North Eastern States with the approval of the relevant authorities and also after discussions with the Autonomous District Councils.
“Not only in the city but also on the NH-6 from Jowai to Shillong and other parts of the highway in Ri-Lum Jaintia, the deterioration of the roads is excessive and this has allowed but for foreigners to point fingers at the district and the state as a whole,” said Challam.
Shillong: The PDF Shella Constituency held a meeting at Saitsohpen, Sohra today convened by the President of the PDF Shella Constituency, Bah Leston Wanswett. He has resigned from the post of President and membership of the party which he contested in the last MLA election.
They don't want to stay overnight for months in Delhi just to meet Amit Shah just to remind the people of Meghalaya to show that they really care about the ILP issue and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the list. The 8th Schedule as decided or passed by the Assembly and many other important issues affecting the life and death of our country and nation.
Those who attended the ceremony included Himalaya Shangpliang, Zenith Sangma, Maral Born Syiem, George B Lyngdoh, MLAs, Charles Marngar and Balajied Rani. It's the MDC Congress.
However, the leaders did not rest to demand that the Government of India should grant a full state and on 21st July 1972, the Prime Minister (L) Smt Indira Gandhi came to Shillong with the Meghalaya has been declared a full state.
Furthermore, it will take time for the OPD of the hospital to be fully operational.
However, what is surprising and unimaginable is that even at this time when the government is still closely monitoring the movement of people, there are still many people who are able to enter and leave illegally from one place. to one place.
Nongpoh, Naitung 23: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prevent the spread of plastic or garbage in the Umiam Lake and Umiam River. In order to prevent these immoral activities to pollute the Umiam Lake and the Umiam River which is also one of the tourist attractions in Ri Bhoi.
After the speech, the office also conducted HIV/AIDS and STI screening to test the blood for the virus.
Stevenson M Sten (4/5), Maremdorkini Sutnga (3/2) and Neheimaa Gatphoh (2/1) were the top wicket-takers for WJH.
Because of the government's delay in such areas, it has led to protests, riots, violence and this has not brought peace to the rule of law of the country and the nation.
This market is also a tourist attraction for foreigners, who come to the state on foot, as it is old and necessary.
“They told us that the Government has sought to allocate more money in the State Budget so that if the money arrives late from the Central Government, the State Government will be able to pay anyway. The salary of SSA teachers for 3 months from the funds already allocated by the Government,” he said.
He said such a move could have implications for the community.
It is suspected that the incident may have happened at midnight on Sunday when the robbers did not hesitate to break even the well built by the dewbilat of the shop for theft of goods inside the shop.
DTO jowai spirit how.
“The MLA has rejected the application forms for various schemes such as the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) submitted by the people of the constituency,” said the voters.
Tura, Naiwieng 05 : The Catholic Church has been one of the churches which has contributed greatly to the development of education and health in the state. He congratulated the Catholic Church for doing many good deeds not only in Garo Hills but in the state as a whole.
When inspecting the building, it was found that it has been used as a house by the authorities, which has become a place for drinking and committing crimes by the robbers. doors, wiring and other items were damaged.
When they reached Lynter (for the Wah Myntdu), the sons of the Raij Chyrmang waited for the Pator to leave the Pator on the other side of the river. The Pator was brought into the Raij by a sprinkling of water before entering the courtyard of the temple.
The farmers were on their way to Delhi by tractor.
From Sutnga-Saipung constituency, Shitlang Pale said that he is happy to join the UDP party. The party has lost all the MLAs who won in 2018 up to 21 seats.
The ADR report said that Conrad K Sangma has a net worth of more than Rs 14 crore and ranks ninth out of 30 prime ministers in India.
The 2022 World Cup is currently underway in Qatar, located in southwest Asia.
He said that the party cannot just listen to the problems faced by the residents on the border.
These Collective Marketing Centers were inaugurated by the Chief Minister through the Lakadong Mission under the supervision of the Director of Horticulture of the State Government.
Sonidawan Sayoo, 22, of Mynska village, has been missing since the 5th of this month while hunting.
He said that out of 19.14 lakh voters, 12.81 lakh came to cast their votes.
The pond should be well dug and 0.5×0.5×0.60 meters high from the ground surface and 0.30 meters below the ground around the pond should be well covered and welded. the pipe.
The District Sports Officer, Nongpoh, invites all schools from the Ri-Bhoi District to participate in the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 19 to 21st June 2023 at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong.
Listening to the speech of the dorbar, it was understood that there have been about 4.5 elderly people who have been killed and tortured in the past many years in Smit, but, What surprised the bartenders was that no one has been arrested or prosecuted for these incidents.
The Union has agreed that this Act should make the land owners residents of their own houses and land.
“We see that Prestone said that the government has conducted such interviews for contract teachers to get full time employment but this is wrong because it has never conducted such interviews yet. “According to a report in Mawphor, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that these teachers have been teaching for 3 or 4 years but I would like to tell Bah Prestone that he should not give only the minimum. year but the average because most of the teachers have taught for more than 10 years,” he said. He said he does not want to comment on this but he wants the government to explain why the Prime Minister in every meeting says that the government is examining their demands.
There is no difference between the Jaintia Hills and this district in the coal mining areas.
“I am sad that my husband has not received any treatment even though he has been in hospital for two days,” said Kong Drat Sun.
“The state government has already reduced the fees for filling up the forms for the Test in the recruitment examination and it has created problems because most of the youth in the area who are 100 per cent those who have passed the examinations under class 10 will get jobs,” said Soren.
Shillong: The scheme has been a great help to the poor children in India, but in this state schools have faced many difficulties in providing for the rules of the scheme, said the MSWDA. He said that the problems raised by the schools range from the food, the price of food and the salary of the teachers which is only 1000 per month for 10 months. you're six years old.
It is true that the government has put old wine in the new bottle.
In Kshaid Nohkalikai, reporters have spoken to several vendors to get information from them about the market these days.
When we started this, there wasn’t much of that coverage, but we found that women need this because they come from different backgrounds and so the aim is that everyone should get the opportunity to prepare, to learn how to walk, how to speak and how not to be afraid when climbing.
He said that all of us should feel united as fellow human beings, 'we should not be divided when we meet these brothers and sisters with disabilities'
He didn't look at himself, but his eyes were filled with a smile,” said Grylls.
Fear has two parts, one, fear of forces that attack and kill.
These two centers have started various activities such as making soap, tables, clothes and other items made by private individuals which were originally designed by the youth who came to these labs. .
“One of the needs is to have a sub-centre in Nongrim Jirang because most of the time when we are seriously ill, we have to go to Assam because there are no adequate health facilities and it is closer,” said Ambrose.
Shillong: To mark Thomas Jones Day 2019, Thomas Jones Memorial School, Lumparing, today held a ceremony to honor the students who passed the SSLC Examination 2019 and Nazreen Nongdhar, one of the students of The school was named the best defender in the Hero Sub-Junior Girls National Football Championship held in Odisha this year.
“They leave it in the environment, while some of those in power with selfishness are still treating this important department as a 'milk cow' despite the calls from all sides for an investigation. independent regarding various insufficient allegations and allegations of corruption in the electricity department,” the TMC leader said in a statement.
It may be recalled that the Meghalaya College Principals' Council (MCPC) in June and July 2023 has requested the government and NEHU to suspend the NEP in
Lumshyiap SC (0 -9) Mawreng SC: Richborn Kharpuri (15 & 48 min), BaShemphang Jana (16, 27, 38 & 53 min), Aryan Nongkhlaw (37 & 45 min) One StepNation Sohlang (52 min).
The Assam Downtown University (AdtU) has received the Education Eminence Award 2023 for its contributions to society in the field of education.
Malki SC as part of the 1st Division Football League and 1st Division Cricket League will hold a penalty shootout on the 11th and 12th of this month at Madan Malki. by 10 am.
If the NPP wins in Sohiong, it will surely become stronger and its pride and ambition will increase.
Speeches were also delivered by the Working President, WR Wanpoi Lyngdoh and the Senior Advisor of the Seng Kmie, Sir Terence Sawian. should think and find solutions for the future of the youth.
“During these two terms as Chief Minister we have been able to build many sports grounds and we look forward to the next five years to continue to build various sports grounds in the State. whole.
The union urges the department to provide the full working method within a few days as it should work otherwise it will take a higher path for the benefit of the people.
On the other hand, other candidates expressed their confidence that the state will support the Congress as they have understood the difference in the performance of the Congress in the past years.
After the goal, Lajong played more aggressively and had some chances but as the Langsning goalkeeper was smarter, they couldn't pass through the goal.
David said: “We have spent our years like a story.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Nonghyllam Village Authority together with the KSU South West Khasi Hills District have lodged a complaint against five policemen identified as CR Marak Sub-Inspector, Balbring G Momin, 3rd Police Station. Battalion MP Pynshangbun Shangpliang of SF-10 Commando, Mathius Marak of SF-10 Commando and Solomon R Marak of 3rd Battalion MLP. They beat them and injured three children under the age of
He said that during his leadership, he said that the Congress party is a party that looks only to control and dominate them.
Shillong, Nailar 7: A meeting of MPCC office bearers, presidents of district Congress and block Congress committees and MLAs of the party will be held at Congress Bhavan on 10th July at 4 pm.
“After registering, the contractors have completed their work,” said the president of AMC&SA. At the same time, he said that the contractors support the proposal to introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP). in this state.
Use your cloth handkerchief or tissue.
The gold was identified as Lalthithal Liana from Mizoram.
Jowai: Two political parties have come to demand from the DC of WJH to open churches in different villages of the district.
“We feel that the AITC and its leaders have fallen asleep while in power and now they are trying to take advantage of what the NPP has already started.
This is also since the Government of India has announced to ban and abolish the T.2000 note as it has been done in previous years, as part of the fight against corruption in the country.
From the smallest to the largest need for village certificates, the people have to be provided by their leaders and what is more shocking is that even if some of those who have been raped have to go to get village certificates from MLA or MDC, otherwise they will not be able to inject themselves.
“We will do this in the remaining districts,” said Bah Rowel.
Another is a child who is not as wise as other children.
The two teams in the first half struggled to score the first goal until the end of the first half.
Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi is one of the leaders of the All Party Hill Leader's Conference (APHLC) to come forward and fight for the independence of the state.
TUR, which also stands for the protection of the rights of the citizens of the State and for the protection of the land, strongly opposes the law and cannot accept any law that can destroy them. rights, especially the rights of the citizens of the state and the region and to confiscate land by internal and external forces.
He said that after much discussion, Meghalaya and Assam have signed a social boundary agreement between them for seven villages, such as Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara- Pilangkata and Tatachery are among the four sites that have not yet been resolved.
On the other hand, Ma Justine Dkhar ex MLAula advised and urged that there should be no unity especially when there are problems.
She said that the killing of people from the ryngdang can be considered as an illegal killing and it should be investigated whether there are other scientific methods to reduce the suffering. as in these decisions and which are more appropriate for the people.
The union leaders said that the bridge has been badly damaged and needs to be repaired, to avoid the loss of livelihood to the residents in these areas who use the bridge.
Furthermore, there are medicines that have already been stored in the Central Medical Store so that they can be supplied at any time of emergency.
The driver of the vehicle, Bah Tyngshain Maring, 26, started the engine near the NH-44 after the vehicle caught fire.
In sparsely populated countries in Europe and the United States, areas with less than 100 sq. km.
She also urged all the Dorbar Shnongs to come out and take part in the procession which will be held on the 30th.
The first phase of the tournament was held in 2018 in Manipur, the state which also hosted the tournament for the first time.
The film was scheduled to be released in 2009 but after that, the actor Shiney Ahuja was accused of assaulting his housekeeper. to release the film has been postponed.
Fortunately, at the time of the incident, the Tripura East Lok Sabha MP was not at home, as he had left for Agartala to leave for Delhi on Saturday.
In West Garo Hills District, 27 cases have been confirmed including 18 BSF personnel, three in Tikrikilla and six in Phulbari.
Mairang Police Station together with the Crime Scene Unit of the CID have rushed to the scene for further investigation.
Secretary, on 17th July 2019, to meet with the Director of School Education & Literacy, Ambrose Ch.
The last house visited in Umonka village belongs to Kong Ciona Rynshon where she is still weaving a blue jaintapmohryndia in her traditional cloth.
Liverpool beat New Castle 4-0 in the English Premier League on Saturday with Dejan Lovren scoring in the 11th minute. Sherdan Shaqiri in the 79th minute and Favinho in the 85th minute from the penalty spot.
"“During the British rule, the Simon Commission was appointed in 1929, to discuss and exchange ideas for a better Khadar rule, and under the advice of S.G. Plidar also suggested that if the Khasi Jaintia State and Non-State should be in one government.
Dreamson Suchiang scored in the 83rd minute for Niaw Wasa.
Lyngdoh said that the party in Garo Hills has not been able to win well in this election because they have found it difficult to turn to the villages because of the high number of campaigns.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : The blueprint for the development of Shillong has been sent to the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Shillong for further consideration and suggestions on how to improve the city. you project.
Many school children have had to drop out of school and the traffic has been affected.
He said the government is working to get MeECL out of trouble by taking many measures because as it is now, MeECL could become a non performing asset.
Shillong: The Chief Election Commissioner (CEC), Om Prakash Rawat, has visited Meghalaya for two days today to ensure that the elections in the state to be held on the 27th of this month will be held. which goes smoothly.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has decided to set up an examination center for those Primary School teachers who have to sit for the 2015 Grade XII (HSSLC) examination.
I remind you of these two incidents so that our fellow countrymen can learn to live and learn in this evil world.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the union leader confirmed from written statements that the appointment of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute by the governments of Assam and Meghalaya, to inspect the border dispute. and to ask the opinion of the people whether they want to go to Assam or stay in Meghalaya, is just a formality to avoid being accused by the people.
Only the driver, Warif Uddin Laskar, confirmed that he is an Indian citizen through ID, while the four did not have any identity documents.
The order was issued by a single bench after four chiefs including the Syiem of Jirang Hima R Hamberly Wahlang, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Ainam Manik, Sirdar of Nonglang Sirdarship. Pholasly Nianglang and Acting Syiem of Nongspung Syiemship Erald Jyrwa have filed a complaint against the MOU signed on 29th October 2022 in New Delhi between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya in the presence of Minister the central government.
Replying to this, Conrad said that on the 8th of this month, officers from Assam came in three vehicles to Huhuapara village to survey the road constructed under the PMGSY scheme of the Meghalaya government. The residents should oppose this, as this place is in Meghalaya.
“Our country really needs leaders who are dedicated to doing their job properly, but many of them don't want to come forward to contest this election because they are afraid of the power of wealth. it's three bottles now"
The people of Sohiong Constituency have the right to elect a person who can shape the future of the society of Sohiong in the election for the Leader of the Legislative Assembly to be held on the 10th of July. 2023.
The President of the UDP said that this is not the first time that the ethnic parties have worked together because in the past there have been such cases and among the efforts, there have been successes and failures.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Police are searching for Nirjami Hajong, who killed his wife by burning her alive.
The Eucharistic Procession will be enhanced by the presence of the newly consecrated Fathers on the 19th January 2019 at the Cathedral, Laitumkhrah.
That is why it is necessary to amend and review this Reservation Policy.
– This new worldview that God is above all things, Who has power over mankind, has led the Israelites to redefine even their own captivity and the destruction of their kingdom, not such is the victory of the God of Israel; but as that special purpose which God hath purposed for them.
“On what basis was the no confidence motion passed,” Chyne asked.
The brother of the Umroi MLA is Bah Ferdinand Banshanlang Lyngdoh who is an Assistant Professor at the Community Science College, Tura.
“I will try again even though I have already submitted a report to the party that it is difficult for me to meet the MLA because even when I phone him he is always at the meeting so it is difficult to talk about the work. too," the man added.
According to RTI applicant Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday after receiving the RTI reply from the Social Weflare Department on the 6th of last month, he said that when asked for a reply on the creation of the public hearing, the agency responded that it did not have one.
In the complaint to the Supreme Court, the complainants said that the HC has taken a decision and issued an order without allowing them to respond or explain before the court.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of ECC Sutnga Elaka, Bah DH Malang, said that the purpose of the meeting was to hear the voice of the residents of Sutnga Elaka. to remove all the Coke factories because all these factories produce bad air which affects the health of the residents of this area.
The bus was heading to Barak district of Assam.
The two students were arrested from Dhankheti, Shillong while they were trying to smuggle the drugs to Dimapur, Nagaland.
There are also those who have to apply for the examination after writing their admit card.
Is this because it is difficult to communicate because there are too many differences of opinion and no consensus can be reached?
“I have decided to support Murmu,” said Ampareen.
Meanwhile, in a petition submitted to the NHRC, Purno said that the law and order situation in Garo Hills has deteriorated due to illegal activities.
In fact, if the Achiks get their own state, Meghalaya will become smaller and only Khasi-Jaintia will remain.
“A mother's heart is soft and patient," the Governor said.
Shillong, July 30: Despite the heavy rain and noise, the audience did not hesitate to enjoy the voice of the singers of Hoobastank from California, USA, at the Polo Ground on Saturday evening.
It is not only the loss of longjait longsker, riti dusdur but also the loss of the whole human being.
Besides England, the death toll has risen to 23 in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
“Today we went to Jalaphet to search for the child after receiving a tip that someone has seen the child, but we have not found her,” said the Khliehriat Police Chief.
Three Auditors including VE Pohleng, Kitbok Passah and Jopthiaw Bareh were elected as Assistant Secretary.
The Assembly will be held from 9th to 12th June.
Uruguay beat Egypt 1-0 in the World Cup on Saturday.
Therefore, to monitor and strengthen this work, the Khasi Authors' Society has worked hard in these days to demand from the Central and State Governments to implement this demand.
In the second leg, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu to a 0-0 draw.
And we hope that we will try at the right time to work for the good of all.
However, the increase is modest and won’t affect the poor.
Since Satan rebelled against God, there have been two paths for man.1) The path of righteousness and truth that comes from God2) The path that fights against God's laws is His. u satanEver since he defeated man, he tried to defeat Jesus, while he was on earth, through three great temptations when Jesus was led by the Spirit into the wilderness. ) To turn the stone into bread, because Jesus was hungry. 2) To throw him down from the temple. 3) Jesus was taken to a high mountain, and shown him all the kingdoms of the world, him and he shall inherit the world.
“We will hold a special prayer on this day for Manipur and we have also invited other religions to participate in this day,” he said. Participants should avoid carrying placards and banners with incendiary and provocative slogans as much as possible.
All 27 Meghalayans arrived in Delhi on Thursday morning after leaving Israel due to the sudden bloodshed between the country and Hamas militants. of thousands of people.
Tel Aviv: A family in Israel has been kidnapped by a Hamas militant in a video that appeared on Sunday.
The drug enters schools and colleges, enters hostels and the classrooms of enslaved children.
Thomas A Sangma of the NPP was also elected as the Lamphang in the recent elections after no opponent was elected for the post.
One thing we must understand clearly is that the wisdom of visiting funeral homes, funeral homes, implementation of schemes or distribution schemes or laying the foundation stone is not a measure of the strength and ability of a person because of these. the duties were too small to compare with the duties of Judge and Ruler.
Here it was found that the reason is that the students who have studied well in the higher grades of the Khasi subject, have the ability to help in the development of the kinds of writings they have written. I am pleased to help the media to start spreading the new words to the readers.
Other discussions will focus on the North Eastern Region's fertilizer-free crop production, road development, procurement assistance for agricultural products and fruits, medicines, the expansion of the Umroi airport and others.
He urged MeECL to look into the problem faced by the poor people of the area as the electricity bill and the estimate do not match and it will be difficult for them to pay thousands of rupees. that they may earn a living every day.
Police have arrested Dipankar Ghosh, 35, from Upper Jail Road, Shillong.
On the other hand, the Garo people said that according to their understanding, they have been affected because no one has paid attention to fill the shortage since those years.
The war between Israel and Hamas has also drawn the attention of many countries and international organizations as Israel has destroyed Gaza without thinking about the lives of people who have died. they are inside Gaza.
He said that as the roads to Jaintia Hills during the PWD period, they are good and even foreigners praise the quality of the roads.
In another report, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said nearly 3 million people have fled Ukraine since the beginning of the war.
On the other hand, the Chief Forest Officer, JHADC, FWBlah, who used to hold the post of Waheh Shnong of Khimusniang, was the chief guest while JK Rymbai, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai was the Symbud. Important.
At the end of the day, Meghalaya took the lead by 187 runs for 208/6
Pastor I Kharkongor wrote, “For these 5,440 kurs and others who are still looking for, if it is necessary to verify the Khasi kur identity, only the DISTRICT COUNCIL and Government authorities can provide certificate you have the right to verify.
During the inspection, u Bah Marbud said that even the road has not been completed in many parts but it has been opened immediately and many land owners have given free land. The Government has complained that the Government has not thought for them.
The GNLA has threatened to kill the BDO after the police conducted a massive search operation to track down the kidnappers and rescue the BDO. “We have to take the life of BDO Jude Rangku T Sangma,” said the GNLA. The GNLA said it kidnapped the BDO because he lied to the Prime Minister that he had paid T. The GNLA has taken over the cleaning of the Chokpot area but the GNLA has said that it has not taken a single penny.
Minister Duh referred to the review of nursing positions in this year's budget.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today met with the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs (KSU) Laskein Circle under the leadership of Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh. Laskein CRD Block should be upgraded to Civil Sub Division.
He said that this road connects Riangdo market and many villages in the Mawthengkut to Thaiem area which is about 7 km away.
“This shows that our country is no longer backward in producing this woman who is an example to others,” she said.
The performance of girls under 12 years old touched many.
One issue that affects families is the decline in the service of God, but the increase in the pursuit of worldly wealth, worldly glory and worldly power.
Furthermore, when we turn to the Advertisement of the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) Letter No.DERT/TET/2012/PT/1
If the PHCs and CHCs have adequate treatment, there is no need to travel far.
Sources said two Arunachal Pradesh police constables were seriously injured in clashes with militants while trying to prevent the militants from escaping.
The Seme Final will be played on the 29th and 30th of July at 2 pm.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will meet tomorrow at the venue to discuss the Marriage Act for Khasi Women. along with other issues to be discussed at the EC meeting tomorrow.
They marched and shouted that the Citizenship Amendment Bill should be repealed.
We request the network managers of various companies to ensure that the network will be good for the benefit of the people of Riwar Pynursla.
However, for Maw U-Tieng, Nibari Maring, the goalkeeper of the team, managed to save some chances until the end of the match; but it has not been able to prevent this last year's loss.
Referring to the establishment of the Global Center for Traditional Medicine under the WHO in India, Prime Minister Duh reiterated his call for research in the field of Ayurveda.
Nongpoh, Lber 31: The desire of a young man from Umroi area to start a business and stand on his own feet, is a message that encourages many young people in this age not to lose hope. than in life because the way comes if a person works hard and minutes.
Bolsonaro confirmed on Tuesday during a meeting with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson that he has never been injected.
The meeting was conducted by Kitboklang Nongphlang, Chief Organizing Secretary, FKJGP Central Body and Incharge of Jaintia Hills.
He also warned against the rapid spread of drugs in many villages in areas where there are only Khasi brothers and it may be the act of someone who wants to involve the Khasi youth in this dangerous drink so that the youth Khasi are strong in all directions.
As soon as he got home, he put on a law coat, a Bible, a songbook, and took a knife and cut the cow.
In Meghalaya, the current Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is also the President of the UDP, which is the synrop party of the MDA Government. The Speaker shall read the actions and conduct of the Speaker while exercising his powers to investigate and punish those involved in allegations of corruption in the construction of his office. and the Temple of the People's Government.
Jyntru's Emanbha Marbaniang scored the second goal for Jyntru to turn the tide after five minutes. scored in the 66th minute of the second half.
Hek, who is the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah, said that there are many candidates who have contested the election from jail in the past.
He said that the landslide should not happen because those affected by this are the people of the state.
He said that as an MDC, he cannot do much for the people, therefore the construction of the new school has been helped without any scheme, because he has see that it is necessary to do it quickly, even though it is in a small power.
He said that in these days, the Seng has received information that most of those who have entered the state and registered with the Health department, according to the protocol, are foreigners. Meghalaya residents, who don't know where to go and it is suspected that they may have been invited to leave the village to stay in Meghalaya. , who lives in Shillong.
He also thanked the people who have entrusted him with this responsibility to rule the Shnong.
Pooja Pandey has been appointed DC as the Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
This is the first season for Meghalaya after winning all their U-23 matches and witnessing the improvement in the performance of the team, which is necessary for the players before they are selected for the U-23 tournament. thup groups that are old.
Purohit was sworn in by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh Maheshwari. HDR Lyngdoh and other senior officers and army chiefs.
The damage to the road in Khliehriat has caused problems not only to the drivers but also to the pedestrians as it is in a busy market area.
Speaking at the programme, the Chief Guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the health workers, leaders and village and all those who have taken part in the establishment of this Sub-Centre.
Commercial taxi drivers in Shillong, in part to protest against the order of the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, to allow vehicles to travel to parts of the road from Kachari, Police Bazar and Motphran They held a rally in parts of the Police Bazar and at the Mot Kiang Nongbah.
Besides preserving and protecting the invasion of foreign religions, the Seng Khasi also takes steps to promote the traditional culture of the Khasi, customs and traditions as handed down by our ancestors.
Aicifull Khar Musliman said that in fact the opening of these two blocks was expected to bring great convenience to the people, but both these blocks have not yet been fully operational. sides.
Speaking on the occasion, Martin M.Dango, Chief Guest, said that the construction of the Maheskola-Darengiri Roads RCC Bridge under the RIDF-XX11 scheme has cost T.3 crore. 8 lakh tyngka for the construction of the bridge and the length of the bridge is about 24.7 meters.
He also recalled many of the benefits he had received while he was an MLA but said that the village has lost many benefits from him due to the politics of the former Rangbah Shnong. preventing the influx of development.
Therefore, the union has urged the authorities to immediately provide the necessary facilities at the hospital so that the patients can get adequate treatment so that it will be a good health centre. especially for those who come from poor families.
The announcement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah prompted the people who attended the meeting to express their happiness by applauding.
“We demand that T.12,000 per month should be paid to the aganwadis and T.8,000 per month to the helpers,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
Speaking the Word of God is not the glory of man, it is the glory of God, the glory of the Son of God who came from heaven to this world to redeem man from sin.
He said that the state residents will benefit only in employment, the development of traditional music, culture, dance, traditional clothes, traditional food, handicrafts, ryndia face clothes and others.
“We will nominate a candidate from Shillong, but we have not yet decided on the candidate,” said Dr.WR Kharlukhi.
Shillong: The father of a newborn baby at Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong, who passed away, has passed away. hunger.
According to the KSU leaders, these youths are coal traders and this night they were about to unload coal to Gauhati but when they reached the 7mer Weight Bridge, some policemen asked for money. The price of T.1000 per truck.
They said that if the people do not want the Management Board, they will not elect Bah Nangrei as the Syiem of the Hima.
Announcing the project, which has been allocated at a cost of T.215 crore through the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC), at the inauguration ceremony of the Meghalaya Milk Mission, the Minister said that will be used for various training on dairy farm, chilling center and purchase of dairy cows.
Regarding the SEBA's letter, it was reported that 107 schools have not been able to respond.
If we look at and read the history writings, it is clear that we Khasi Pnars are the inhabitants of this place.
“In my opinion, everyone has the right to express their views because it is a democratic country, and if the BJP wants to meet the leaders of the central government, to express their views, but they must ensure that their allegation is accompanied by sufficient evidence.
They are the ones who receive God in their hearts.
What shall we do? According to Dienshonhi, the word khan means, “think; The word khan also means, “We khan when we look back at what we have thought.
Shillong, Lber 29: Nongthymmai have scored three points in the First Division Tournament of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Dr. Kyndiah from Swer PHC and Dr. Syiemlieh from Sohbar PHC after explaining various precautionary measures to avoid the spread of malaria and others also distributed medicines to the women. longkpa and to the children.
Shillong: There have been 514 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, including 183 cases in East Khasi Hills, 90 cases in West Garo Hills and others.
And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.
The Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF) on Monday honored her by distributing a memento and a donation to the school. , The Governor.
:The Khasi song, “Mei ko Pa ma ewan noh”, is a song that was released on the 29th of June
About 10 of the injured children were reported to be in critical condition.
According to sources, the incident happened at 1:30 pm this evening at a place known as Mawbuit while the three men were walking with the intention of shooting birds. but suddenly when he reached that place, the pyrthat fell suddenly.
The union expressed its surprise that such an important task has been implemented only through phone conversations and no written evidence has been provided like other schools or colleges.
“The HYC is a party that respects the people and the voice of the people, and will hold a public hearing on the MoU on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Thus, it was the Hojai Dkhars who introduced the Lyngngam to the Agor trees and their value.
On the same day, the village of Borbhuin Byrnihat, decided to renew the village leaders, after the death of the Rangbah Shnong last year.
God does not forget to remember this present generation and promises to deliver mankind from many troubles, as He promised to Abraham, He promised through Jesus Christ.
Nongpoh, June 30 : The 3rd Berchem Cup Open to All Basketball Tournament 2023 organized by the Nongpoh Youth Association Proper has come to an end after the closing ceremony. It will be held on Saturday at the Sajer Stadium.
The Deputy Commissioners of East Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills have also announced the closure of schools in their districts due to the heavy rains and storms caused by Cyclone Remal. path to intensify over the next 24 hours.
The President of the National Council, Rtd.Chief Justice of Bihar, JB Koshy was the chief guest, accompanied by the Youth Vice President, Gaurav Kalyan.
During the search, police recovered 197.34 grams of heroin worth T1.6 crore.
Returning to the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, it was a pleasant sight to see that the dancers, both men and women, were dressed in their traditional costumes. in front of the feet of our mother, who came to dress and suit stem phyrnai, to fill the whole lympung shad.
Markus said that the residents of these dozens of villages are strongly opposed to this, which has been done in a violent manner.
Silver Medalist: Roshan Sunar – 57Kg, Mewanshanlang Kharsyiemiong – 26 Kg.
He said that Numa Suiam and Rimika Lamare, whom the HNYF claims to have signed in their names, have proved that it is wrong, because these two have said that they did not allege so, but it is that they are pressured by others.
The KRS Reservoir has released 5,356 cusecs of water into the river.
The union also hopes that the construction of this road will go smoothly so that it will be completed and will be a blessing to the people.
However, according to other reports, a friend of hers said that she had suddenly fallen ill and wanted to be buried after arriving from Australia the night before the race.
However, especially the contribution it has made to the development of soybean cultivation and the income of farmers in the North East.
“A team of inquiry has been appointed on these two allegations of corruption against the CEM of JHADC and the investigation is ongoing,” said SP West Jaintia Hills Herbert G Lyngdoh.
“The blackout of more than 10-15 hours is unacceptable, especially during this rainy season not only for the youth but for people regardless of age.
Such soils are called colluvial soils.
“As the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, I would like to clarify to you that this is not the money because it is given by the government as a donation for the residents.
He said that after receiving information, the health department and the village authorities have gone to talk to the owners of the houses and also to their relatives, that they should not They also explained to them that it is necessary to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
One of the relatives of Steffanie said that when they visited the body of Steffania at home, they did not see any signs that she had committed suicide. you are the one who has been covered with shylliah.
Nongpoh: A teacher of Mount Zion Academy 15 Mer, has escaped from the hands of a robber identified as Bishnu Gogoi of Jerobad, who tried to kidnap her. ML 10B 2671, after she collided with an auto near Byrnihat Police Outpost.
He urged the teachers to be hardworking teachers and to improve the way of distributing education to the children according to the demand of the time.
He said the meeting also discussed the need to expedite the identification of people from India and Bangladesh who have been prosecuted for crimes.
The son of the Minister is the leader of the country in Hynniewtrep! Who is responsible for such people, not those who say: “During my rule there was only peace and order, you ruled, only three months you have stirred up war?” The author appeals to this Government The ILP should not be implemented.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has recently concluded its meeting at the Additional Secretariat.
The Deputy Secretary and Returning Officer of the Dolloi Election, Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Kong E.Shylla has announced that Ma Karmi Myrshiang has been elected as the new Dolloi after the counting of votes held on Thursday.
Nongpoh, November 30: Tears of joy have flowed from the eyes of a Longkmie who supports her children in the midst of poverty, as today before the New Year the FKJGP Byrnihat Circle has handed over a house. which was donated to a poor family in 15mer village, Nongthymmai in Byrnihat area of ​​Ri Bhoi District.
Those undergoing treatment are 676 and those who have recovered are 1,2
Twelve policemen were injured and several vehicles were damaged in the incident, which is about 125 kilometers from Patna.
Pala said this when asked about the decision of the Congress to support the Executive Committee (EC) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the NPP despite the allegation that the NPP The NPP has dissolved the UDP-led Executive Committee in KHADC with the support of the Congress.
The documents were recovered from the residence of Muktiar Khan Saulat Haneef.
We request that these should be removed from here,” said Andrew.
But not all Parties reach that call.
Of the 4,021 deaths, 1,635 were from Maharashtra, 858 from Gujarat, 290 from Madhya Pradesh, 272 from West Bengal, 261 from Delhi, 163 from Rajasthan, 161 from Uttar Pradesh, 1 from Tamil Nadu. Andhra Pradesh 56 cases.
Teams from 5-Sutnga Saipung (ST) Assembly Constituency and 6-Khliehriat (ST) Assembly Constituency together with EVMs, Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trails (VVPATs) and other necessary election equipment have been distributed. They left Khliehriat today to go to their respective polling stations.
The UDP has also admitted that there are many MLAs from other parties such as suspended MLAs from the Congress, independent MLAs, HSPDP, TMC and others. others.
The farmers have also announced a nationwide strike on November 14 and vowed to block the Delhi-Jaipur highway. from 12th November 2020.
There will be traditional dances, competitions taught by the traditional dancers and many others besides traditional food and drink.
On the other hand, the CM said that the central government has assisted all the states in other ways, whether in terms of infrastructure at college level, whether in terms of support. on training offerings and others.
Assam Rifles beat H. Elias Memorial HSS 3-1
They were also urged to keep a distance from other people and to wear face masks.
He also urged the government not to provide false information on the receipt of funds from the central government which has appeared differently on the website of the planning department according to the statement of the Governor.
Through humility he was able to become friends even with the Sultan Al-Kamil of Egypt who was very angry with the Christians because of the Crusaders' siege of Damietta.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC), through Bah CB Syiem and Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, has appealed to the residents to wear masks when going to the streets or markets. , so that they may escape punishment by the people of the law.
Meghalaya opened the scoring through Eiladki Ksoo while Dakani Shylla scored the second goal in the 68th minute.
:The JSU reminds all the people of Hynniewtrep that we should not forget what happened in Mukroh last year where up to 5 people were shot dead by the police. Assam.
These three types of churches believe that 2019 is a bad year for them.
After a break for four years, Lajong have returned to the SSA Stadium 1st Ground this season. Tickets for the fans of the state team can be obtained from the counters at the stadium.
Take the ticket at a high price and cheap but to watch you don't have to fight to raise your head at all because the brave and fearless crowd stands near the cow to watch the fight while we don't dare to stand Shajan we just pay for tickets just to see people and not to see the cows.
Shillong, July 20: The Executive Member (EM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has criticized the MDC of Laban, Bah Sanbor Shullai for trying to mislead the Council. Dorbar Shnong before issuing trading license to Dkhars who own shops in Laban area.
I am looking for a woman of 25-30 years old who has no children, who is in need and of any religion.
Noting that he had raised the issue of demarcation for the second phase in the Legislative Assembly, he recalled that he had slightly affected the soskular signed for the first phase due to his opposition. Even the four Khasi Hills have appealed to the Supreme Court.
When they do these things, it increases their lack of dignity.
On another topic, he said that it is time for people not to kill wild animals and to protect them as many animals are now on the verge of extinction. people.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Tomorrow, 16th November, 2015, the Rangbah Shnongs will march around the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhawan.
If I come to Shillong we can meet anywhere.
When asked whether the BJP will demand from the Prime Minister to appoint an independent commission of inquiry, Earnest said, “I will meet with the Prime Minister soon”. “This protest by the BJP is part of the protest against the harassment of its employees in Garo Hills especially the General Secretary. They were summoned to the police station without conducting any further questioning.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the Kur, Bah Kyrshan Blah, urged all the Kurs and Jaits to maintain the dignity and respect and to be knowledgeable of the Kur, Kha, Kha, man from this day.
Yesterday, Rupang spoke to the management of the Board.
They also stressed that besides the peace between the Khasi and the Karbi, the AMKa also has the goal that the Karbi people should not forget their own culture in order to preserve their culture and traditions. They are from Meghalaya and Assam.
Welcoming these youngsters, the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association (MSA) has reminded that since April 2017, the medals won by the youngsters of the state who have participated in the The outdoor tournament has won 185 medals (including 70 gold, 47 silver and 68 bronze medals).
He said that we need to fully support each other when they stand up to fight for the benefit of the nation. to the whole nation, he added.
The Seng urges the State Government to take action regarding the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
MLA Brolding Nongsiej has filed his nomination papers as the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawthadraishan Constituency on 3rd June before the Returning Officer of Mawthadraishan Constituency CP Mawkon. the 2023 elections.
Laloo said that the heavy rainfall has caused flooding and destroyed the canal which has already been constructed for the drainage of water, the areas from the STP tank, Indoor Hall 1, Indoor Hall. 2 and from the Complex.
The woman did not know the man who called.
A gym will also be constructed to improve the physical fitness of the trainees.
The land title was handed over by the Syiem of the Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem to Bah Allan West at a meeting held at the Mawkdok Village Council Hall. a day to protect and care for the environment.
We need to find ways and means to renovate these ITIs through Public Private Partnership (PPP),” said Ramadori after a meeting with Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and ministers in Shillong today.
The meeting was to discuss the Supreme Court's decision on Aadhar and the relationship of thousands of people in Meghalaya who have withdrawn from Aadhar registration. .
The expenditure on these grounds has been allocated through the DMF. From this fund, 5 sports grounds have been allocated.
Through its example, India has shown the world that the pursuit of economic development and environmental protection can go hand in hand without any tension between the two.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The State Government on Tuesday decided to increase the salary of 108 employees by 6 per cent.
The 3rd All Meghalaya Amateur Body Building Championship Mr. Ironman Amateur 2023 will also be awarded with cash prizes for the overall winners and category winners. Building & Fitness Association and the World Fitness Federation India.
Wohjrem Shylla of Sabahmuswang was awarded the Man of the Match award, Benedict War of FAM was awarded the Best Goalkeeper award, Deiwamitre Shylla of Sabahmuswang was awarded the Top Scorer award and Dachanmitre was awarded the Player of the Tournament award. Dkhar of FAM. Even after a year of opening the Lumshnong C&RD Block in East Jaintia Hills District, the government has alleged that only one lock has been opened at the Lumshnong C&RD Block. cannot pay the salaries of the employees.
Ravi has been handed over to the post as the incumbent Governor of the state, Tathagata Roy, is on leave.
Speaking on the upcoming mid-term elections in Shella, Metbah urged the party workers to work hard to win the election of Dr Donkupar Roy's son Balajiedkupar Synrem who has been confirmed by the General Council. today's candidacy.
The RBTEF leaders also informed that this year the group will also hold various festivals like Niangtaser Festival, Pine Apple Festival and Mega Ri-Bhoi Festival among others.
Therefore, through this, he requested that as they came to support him, he hoped that the people would also give their right hand and left hand to win the elections next year. .
“It is not true that the BSF troops have been appointed to curb the smuggling of foreigners, but there is still this smuggling of foreigners. Bangladeshis, no doubt there may also be smuggling on the border in which Indians may also be involved.
What are the 62 weeks according to Daniel? The 62 months are the months and years that God has appointed to be 434 blood years (divided by 47) or 1,56,240 days, beginning in 397 B.C and ending in April 32 AD. taiew that don't have a por.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday inspected the Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
We don't know what will happen to us if such a thing happens to us.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 22: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its regret that the price of beverages in the state has increased sharply in many districts.
Police are investigating the case.
The film “Iano phin kynnoh” is a new Khasi film which will be released on the 17th of July 2023 in Sohiong.
Information Secretary of FKJGP, Central body.
The media shall not participate in election campaigning that affects others, coverage of any candidate or political party or any other incident during elections.
On the morning of Sunday, he said that some farmers of Lapangap village had visited their rice fields on the border with Karbi village. Tahpat, but suddenly, without thinking, many stones were thrown to the place where they were.
On the other hand, VK Kynta said that the people who need the District Court can take the assistance of the Rangbah Shnong and lawyers or local policemen to appeal against the District Court. request your rights via email.
The union has demanded the immediate release of the Publicity Secretary of HANM Mawsynram Circle, Bah Andrew Shampliang who was arrested by the Mawsynram Police yesterday and charged with involvement in the murder. The PHE was built in Mawsynram.
The winner in the women's category, Syniasya, received T.30,000 while Kharang, the runner-up, received T.20,0
The Seng said that this road is also a by-pass road which is used by the people during the traffic jam on the NH. The PWD department through the Deputy Commissioner has requested a report for the construction of the bridge, and the PWD department has already sent the report to the relevant authorities. sanction for repair.
Who knoweth not in all these things that the hand of the LORD hath done this?
Assam, on the other hand, has acknowledged that according to the Survey of India in 1933, these areas fall within its border.
" (John 19 : 26).
According to the residents of the area, the police did not take any action to search and release the abducted man because since he was abducted they have never seen the police come to conduct a search and rescue operation. child in this area.
Before it's too late, the youth who have responsibility for the future of the youth and for those who will continue to grow up have been able to conduct a training program as many of the youth have They have been misled in these days by becoming involved in these bad drinks, which destroy not only themselves but also cause problems, violence in the community and even in the society. society only because of the expenditure of these evil deeds.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday strongly condemned the statement of the Ministers on the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
“We have already sent a letter to the government but the government has not received any reply.
The weight of the drugs seized was 1.10 kilos from Bah Pynbhalang Marwein, 23, of Laimer, Upper Shillong.
The leaders of Jalaphet Village expressed their gratitude to the PWD department for taking the initiative to inspect this road, which is in dire need.
"“We should know that the street vending business is legal and there is a Government of India Act for street vendors which has been passed since 2014, but the State Government has not yet it was not implemented.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, after the order of the Meghalaya High Court on 10th November, the District and Municipal authorities have banned the vendors from selling along the highway. on the sidewalks.
In the Under-14 women's category, Shiksha Pradhan of Loreto Convent, Shillong won the Best Athlete title while in the men's category, Jonathan Thangkhiew of Seven Huts Higher Secondary School won the title.
“Mom! Such a fate, isn't it?" he said in a loud voice.
This work has become urgent which we have to do sooner rather than later- not because we hate them; but because we love them and think of the future of their children.
The arrest of these persons and the seizure of these drugs was made after receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying drugs. Police have searched the bus number MN 01 AA 0484 and seized 158 boxes of heroin packed in 158 boxes of soap. well hidden in the back parts of said boss.
Therefore, the union requests the SP to send an immediate inquiry into this illegal sale of umphniang and this allegation as appeared in the media affects not only the honor of the The district and it also affects the people who use the petrol petrol station, they added.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the plan to build a Shillong Jail in New Shillong Township is still in progress and once all the requirements of the district are met, Jail from Jail Road will be moved to a new jail.
According to the information received, the UGC has inspected 20 private universities in Delhi within 10 months, but in Meghalaya there are only 7 private universities. The UGC has not yet taken the inspection.
He said that under the 100 days MNREGA scheme, a pig farm will be built for the people at a cost of T.44,000 and a goat farm at a cost of T.39,0
Let us resolve to complete this task so that they and our children will not suffer the problems we are suffering now, let us be quick to sacrifice our peace now to ensure it. they don't have to come to the bit.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) President Lambokstar Marngar on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has given 10 days to the DC office Mawkyrwat to withdraw the notice. “Our offices have gone ahead, we have given 10 days to the DC to withdraw the announcement, if our demand is not met, the work will go ahead. Shillong: There are 18,30,104 voters in the 2018 elections, said Frederick Roy, President of KSU Shillong. Kharkongor Chief Electoral Officer.
She said that the same information has been sent to the District Council Affairs Department of the state government.
There were also performances such as dances and songs with the participation of various villages and townships in Jowai.
Speaking on the opening of 10,000 Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Bengaluru: BJP leader BS Yediyurappa in Karnataka has been sworn in as the Chief Minister of the state for the fourth time.
Besides, there were also songs and dances by the youth and residents of the area to celebrate this festival for the first time on this type of traditional food.
It should also be in line with the standards of other good breeds.
On the other hand, Bah Peter S Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that it is time to bring about change in public administration and urged the youth to take part in the elections and to strengthen the rule of law. public in the future.
He said that these courses should be recognized and include MBA offered by IIM Shillong, Master in Public Policies offered by OP Jindal Global University, Professional Certificate Programme. and Data Science and AI which is an online course offered by the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore or University of Merriland, Ph.D.
The NTC office bearers, led by NTC Chairman CB Syiem and NTC Secretary Rayonald Kharkamni, said that the reason for taking this step is to send medicines. , is part of the disinfection and prevention of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has spread around the world, India and even in Meghalaya.
Dorothy received the Gold Medal at the 12th Convocation of Assam Don Bosco University held on Saturday evening at Tapesia Campus near Guwahati.
Amlarem is the luckiest to have a strong Minister in this government because the four portfolios he holds are the leading or 'Doh pasoh' which can really bring help. to the public.
“However, we see only one thing that maybe such an incident in Mukroh may be like what happened in Langpih before.
HDR Lyngdoh said that many types of drugs come into the area from Myanmar because it is easy to operate the market and Shillong is a transit point to other states.
However, the people don't pay attention to that understanding, they violate it by drinking pum pum without stopping, it doesn't even cause cancer.
Replying to a question by the VPP leader from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Sangma said the investigation has been conducted on the basis of receipt of the complaint.
In this City eternal singing and joy will be, they will have joy and gladness, sorrow and sighing will flee away as foretold in Isaiah 35:1
In the event of unavoidable reasons, these communications may be revised.
It is true that although tourism has increased in the state, only a few people are able to stand on their own feet.
We will review the measures taken within a day,” said Marak, adding that the blocks in many districts are short of staff.
“Freda and Felix are right.
The shrieh behavior of the people has not yet been explained and no one has found out who these hands and feet are and where they come from.
Therefore, if their complaint does not reach anywhere, the union will not hesitate to go to the High Court and also to the National Green Tribunal. the rivers by trying to build structures and cross the border into the rivers.
Therefore, the Union urges the Garo people to respect each other and at the same time, they demand that the DC of Ri Bhoi, should confirm this request from the Hima Mylliem and The NOC or the Dulir signed by the Garo should not be accepted, because in fact the Garo can only be the guardians of the village, but not. he added that they should be like those Rangbah Shnongs.
It was on this basis that the first French Khadar Political Agency was established.
LPS and Central Govt.
Besides, the Seng said that the delay in conducting the examination in English subject due to the non-functioning of the Biometric System has caused the students to have to face rain and there has been a long standing protest. which has also caused many students to fall and be treated.
Shillong: The Supreme Court has banned the smuggling of coal from Meghalaya from today. The Supreme Court has banned the smuggling of coal from Meghalaya. happen until these days.
He said that the Syiem and Secretary of the Hima Nongspung have lodged a complaint against the Sirdar of the Raid Land and to protect this, the Rangbah Warmasaw have gone to appear before the High Court. and they are known unto this day.
Titos Starwell Chyne, Executive Member, was also present at the meeting.
Increase in age to 40 years, 48 ​​years for those who are not in employment, without specifying the type and where of employment, 200 marks in the written test and 500 full marks in the personal interview and 37 years old scored 293 marks in personal interview.
When asked whether BJP leader HM Shangpliang will join the NPP to contest the Lok Sabha elections, Dr Kharlukhi said that so far there has been no decision. but he has only testified through the media.
According to the complaint letter signed by the General Secretary of Sonapyrdi Tourism Development Society (STEDS), Bah TL Gympad, as well as the letter signed by the President and General Secretary of KSU Narpuh, they said that The incident which happened yesterday, in which the dead fish were thrown on the surface of the water, there were also many fish that were about to die, which could no longer swim in the water. The death of fish is due to the discharge of chemical waste from the dewbilat factories into the Lunar River which joins the Lukha River.
“On the other hand, our President has spoken on the inclusion of the Khasi Garo language in the 8th Schedule, the discrimination against Christian minorities in the country and suddenly the BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai He stood up from his seat and interrupted the speech of Lamphrang in the House,” he added.
The union also requested the residents of the village from the mothers, fathers, and all to come out together on this day to demand from the government to take immediate action to resolve this issue. KSU Rangthong Unit Publicity Secretary Pynskhemborlang Shangdiar said that the death toll has increased.
Kaushal Kishore, Minister of State for Child Development, MoHUA; Members of Parliament from across the states, MVV Satyanarayana, AKP Chinraj, Ramesh Bidhuri, Sanjay Kaka Patil, Abir Ranjan Biswas, Kalpana Saini, Vandana Chauhan and other senior officials from the Department of Housing and Urban Affairs, The Government of India took part in the meeting of the Parliamentary Advisory Committee this evening.
He also asked how the government has declared the containment zone without consulting and checking the condition of the villages. sit in this room to know what is happening without asking.
Nongpoh: It is very sad and unthinkable to know the plight of the people living in the border areas with Assam, especially those who live in the villages of the Block- 2, where besides facing constant harassment by the Assam police, they also face other problems, such as lack of roads, water supply, electricity and and other community development activities.
Honsen passed away at Super Care, Shillong at the age of
Ronaldo has been a winner throughout his career in which he has been able to manage and control every tournament he has participated in.
In Meghalaya, there are only two seats.
Many of the people complain that the present leaders have not taken care of the welfare of the people in their constituencies.
“It's like I'm going to die badly, soon I'll get Panah...” RidaUta thought more and more. Bah sat for a long time in the shop.
Jowai, November 27: U Lamdibok Sumer, former CEM of JHADC, who won the By-Election from War East Constituency, was sworn in as MDC on the 23rd of this month. Chairman of JHADC, Arborhima Darnei in the office of the Chairman of JHADC.
The funeral service for the remains of Bah Endro will be held on the 1st June, 2023, at 2:00 pm at the Mawkhar Church Cemetery, Mission Compound, Shillong.
In this regard, the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung urged the law to arrest Bishnu and punish him according to the law.
Shillong, June 03: U Ribok Diengdoh, President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the police had tried to arrest him on the night of 1st June, but could not find him. They arrested the two members of the party and if they could arrest him that night, the police would have bombed and tied him on the road.
This is also the case in Gujranwala.
Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports, John Kharshiing (President MSOA) was also present to encourage the children. , school and college teachers and the public.
By Bah Sphondar Thongni Kenïong Kyiad is a general word but it has a broad meaning.
Kordor I Mawlong, Leader of HTTA, said that the meeting today was to discuss the issue of peace after the incident at Guwahati Airport. that Broker.
Keep a distance of at least 1 meter from each other.
On the other hand, the Word of God clearly states that “He that toucheth you (Israel) toucheth the eyes of him (God).
Jowai, June 17: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Reconciliation Forum (HBBRF) on Saturday, June 16, 2022 at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District. Twenty villages of Block-I have unanimously decided to demand from the government that Block-1 should fall within the border of Meghalaya.
In this regard, the union has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, on Friday. This was signed by the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Raid Mynsaw, Langpih Area Unit.
Such behavior of the employees of the C&RD Block is bad and upsetting to the people of that Block.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: To raise awareness and explain to the people of Ri Bhoi District on the importance of following the rules of driving to avoid accidents, the office of the Superintendent of Police Ri Bhoi District has produced a film. 'Phikir' with the aim of raising awareness among the public that they have to think and follow the rules of driving in Ri Bhoi District.
“They will look into these and decide that there should always be an inquiry.
The reason for this displacement is the violence and insult of the Karbi people.
Rupang: Now we see, you have made many short dramas, short stories, which you publish on YouTube, why do you have so many viewers? SL: Video is my hobby so I like to make short dramas but the number of viewers depends on the type of video; 35/40 thousand and even up to 100 thousand but there are only 30 thousand etc. So far the total view of my channel has reached more than 53 million viewers and more than 83,000 subscribers.
At the incident, police heard the man telling his wife that his son was not breathing and was dead.
Shillong, June 12: Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday scored 300 runs against Meghalaya in the Col CK Nayudu Trophy from the plate group in Cuttack.
Captain Sylvester Mylliempdah's decision was the best decision for the team as they scored 227 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 35 overs.
The Chief Minister Special Grant will be provided to those people of the state who are stranded abroad including students and those working abroad who cannot return to their homes. ing.
When asked, Bah Spenri said that he has never done anything wrong to anyone and the allegations against him are groundless.
Eyewitnesses also said that an altercation broke out between the two groups of people during the incident.
Besides the damage to small vehicles and shops, it has temporarily caused problems in the traffic, as the people can no longer walk on the footpaths and on the road, due to the flooding.
The union immediately went to inspect these vehicles in Mawlangkhar on the Nongstoiñ-Shillong road, where the members of the union also found a different color of petrol, which the mechanics had removed from the vehicles. the tank of these vehicles.
All the drivers fled the scene and only the vehicles were seized.
A total of T.250 crore has been allocated for this purpose.
For more information, please call
St. Anthony's College scored 60 runs for the loss of one wicket in 6.2 overs.
Therefore, the country needs children who are vigilant in small and large matters according to their strength and ability in all respects.
There are 13 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 8 cases in civilians, 1 case in Ribhoi, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills. who have suffered from this disease.
Furthermore, through the household drinking water supply, more domestic wastewater was generated that needed to be treated and reused; with the changing lifestyles and consumption of packaged food products, plastic pollution has been higher in rural areas and it has become necessary to address this.
We cannot mention all the main issues here because there are still many issues from the past years, and the people know them better.
Since the incident on the 20th of June, the Dorbar Shnong has immediately held a meeting on the 24th of June and decided not to allow the sale of goods after 10:00 pm. At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has formed the Village Defense Party (VDP) and directed the shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in front of their shops.
Those who were trapped in the ground were helped to rescue by the residents and police.
The KIA militants have captured the camp on 25th October
On the rural department, the Governor said that 869 new poor houses have been constructed till November 2015 under the IAY scheme, besides the IGNOPS pension scheme, the widows scheme and others.
Thomlin Nongpoh, Director of the Community Service Center at Nongtalang, explained about the many services that the people can get through these CSCs, formerly known as Rainbow services.
“We have taken this matter seriously and we will do it in the right direction,” he said.
“The North East has caught fire from the BJP rule and is facing a difficult situation these days,” said Jairam.
And the organizer of these meetings should make sure to separate the garbage from the bottom and hand over this separated garbage to the collectors appointed by the concerned authorities.
The BSF has appealed to the court against the order issued by the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong on 15th June, 2023, in connection with Pynursla P.S.Case No.12(05) 120B/302/201 IPC and Section 27 of the Arms Act.
It may be recalled that the PDF has already announced the name of former CEM Mansturdy Nongrem as the Chairman of the KHADC. Teilinia will be elected by Mansturdy to sit on the post.
Meghalaya will now play the final on Saturday, October 4, at the King Fahd International Stadium.
Mawreng SC beat Kynton U-Mon 1-0 in the fourth match.
The public hearing also informed the public about the proposal of M/s Green Valliey Industries Ltd, or Max Cement, regarding the proposal to excavate 4.77 hectares of land located in Brichyrnot village, in this public hearing there was no objection from the people who attended this public hearing.
I thank you for accepting this request.
Regarding the incident in Nongsier Jirang, where the village leaders tried to forcibly dismiss an ASHA worker from the village, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the Committee has directed the DMHO of the country. Bhoi, that he should not accept the proposal of the village leaders, but should put a letter stating that the ASHA worker should continue to work as she has done in the past. .
Therefore, he said that as the priests, regarding these problems which have arisen only because of the construction of the Umroi Airport, they have requested the government to set up a thorough investigation and also to find out. The land owners will get their rights as land owners and the government will be able to expedite the work for the construction of the airport. The airport will be of great benefit to all the residents of the state, said Fr.Mawrie.
It is not known how they will fight by what means.
They said that coal mining in these areas has been going on for hundreds of years and there has never been any shortage of drinking water or deforestation.
“We demand that the government should punish those involved in the killing of Josbina M Sangma according to the law,” said Egenstar Kurkalang. he also advised the government to take other special measures for the youth so that they will avoid crime or joining terrorist organisations. “The government needs to listen to “The BJYM has demanded that the government should listen to their voice and vision in order to bring about a smooth and orderly cooperation,” said the BJP youth leader. At the same time, the BJYM has demanded that the government should The BJP has said that many government employees do not want and are afraid to be transferred to Garo Hills. for horror does not demand money and kidnappings.
The Father (Shynrang) shall be the owner of that house.
He said that these new pipes have been laid in the ground in all the towers of the city.
This was announced by the State Government before the Full Bench of the Meghalaya High Court during the hearing of the PIL on the illegal mining of coal held on Tuesday.
She also congratulated the MSOA, the Prime Minister, the Minister of Sports Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the Sports Department, volunteers and players who have been able to organize this successful tournament.
W.Passah, Bah Aiban Swer, former Principal of Shillong College Dr M.Dey.
There are 4 Graduate Law candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 22 candidates remain unemployed as of 31st November
The Seng also urges the district authorities to implement these demands within 10 days, otherwise the Seng will take another course.
He also held the post of Working President of the party before contesting the MDC election 2019 and was elected as an MDC from Jowai North Constituency.
The South West Khasi Hills District Administration has been monitoring the use of money during the mid-term elections in Ranikor through the Flying Squad.
India and New Zealand have set records in the ICC World Cup.
It may also be that he is the one who gets the money to give an advance if ours don't have it.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the entry of drugs and other intoxicants into the state needs to be curbed by strengthening security at the entry points.
The project has been implemented by Bah Process from the PHE department since 2007-2008, which has been implemented exclusively for Mawdatbaki.
Mawbidong Presbyterian School beat Upper Mawbidong Lower Primary School 5-1, Turshaphrang United Football Club beat Mawkyrwat-Photjaud Grass Root Center 7-0 and Rangthong CC&SA beat Mawkyrwat 7-0 Modern Football Team lost 2-0
From there, the Khasi Hills, the King of Manar, went down to flee to the King of Nongkhlaw.
The Prime Minister congratulated Narendra Modi and the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India, for awarding the award, saying that this is the hard work of the farmers, together with the staff of the Ministry of Agriculture. of the State government.
Michael said that according to the rules of the Lokayukta, any information if there is a complaint should be investigated within six months and those involved should be punished immediately.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has won 10,000 votes in the Sohiong Constituency.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 17: The District Medical and Health Officer (MI) has launched a tour program since last month, to visit Sub Health Centers and villages to explain to the residents. how to prevent malaria.
I will not mention many examples but let us look at a few:1
“After returning from the North East Games in Nagaland, I suffered an injury, but I am happy that I was able to play well against the best players from other states.
In 2021, Neitho signed a contract with Mawlai SC, who won the Shillong Premier League title last season.
At the same time, the union has sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) Central Division Jowai on 5th November 2023 to demand immediate action for the benefit of the people. , from Bah Bahshlur Mukhim, President of FKJGP War Jaintia Circle and Bah KM Khonglah, General Secretary.
The quarrying has not only destroyed the forest area of ​​the JHADC, but has also destroyed the Myntang River at the bottom of the quarry.
She said that the school authorities have decided to temporarily suspend the school and they will also hold a meeting to discuss what should be done on this issue.
Eldi is currently being held in Williamnagar Jail.
In the notice issued on 1st July 2023, three candidates have been selected, those who are not on the list will reach the final interview, said Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President of the party.
He is the God “who removeth kings, and setteth up kings, and rulers, and all great ones;
On the 280 MW Kynshi Stage I between the state government and Athena Groups, the DPR has already been prepared, he said.
Langsning were able to defend and fight hard until the end of the first half and took a 1-0 lead.
Shillong: U Bah Bindo M.Lanong, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today took oath as MDC before the Judge of the State Government. In the presence of CEM Teinwell Dkhar, Chairman PN Syiem, EM Trade and other officials of the District Council, the swearing-in ceremony was held. Dr. S. Kharsiemlieh, Judge of the District Council.
He said that there are many people who buy cows, because Meghalaya is a poor state.
In a meeting with the media, u Bah Pangniang said that the HSPDP stands firm to protect the Khasi Pnar people who are a special people who have the right to own land. customs and traditions and the rule of law.
This incident has shocked the voters of Sohiong constituency, what will happen in this election, this is because such an incident has never happened in Meghalaya.
Christmas 2020 has arrived, but the ILP talks are still in the wilderness.
They all come from the same source, we don't know whether this comparison is made of DNA or not.
“Bah Jeffreyson has his own household, if he is fired without any reason, how can he get money to support his household?” asked Bah Tariang.
According to Nongstoin Police Station, the incident happened at 11:30 am this morning while the tourist vehicle number ML 06 5629 was coming from Mairang area. A truck without a number plate, which followed the tourist, hit and rat the vehicle and fled the scene after the incident.
Out of this, T.50 lakh was allocated to Khalsa Middle School, Bara Bazar for the reconstruction of the old school. you are right.
The draft not only abolished the adult franchise or voting rights of Christians but also stipulated that Delhi should be moved to Varanasi and the Parliament House should be moved to Varanasi. Kashi, Varanasi and Gujarat will hold a Parliament of Religions and all 543 members will be elected to that Parliament.
Lumpynngad SC beat Sohlawait SC 5-4 in the tie-breaker in the first semi final of the Upper Division Football Tournament. end of the game.
He said that the senior leaders of the Congress have decided not to contest the election because they understand that the party will not reach anywhere.
These incidents should have been stopped immediately but irresponsible speech has fueled the fire," he said.
US officials, speaking to reporters on Tuesday, said they had no intention or involvement in the attack on the Russian president.
Awards will also be presented to those who have completed skill apprentice training at the national level and to those who have passed and obtained degrees in various professional courses for the year 2021-2
This was announced in a statement by Bah Abandon Lamin, Secretary of the NPYF.
The Lamlynti Village Organization, Thaiñthynroh, which includes 15 Self Help Groups (SHGs), celebrated its 10th Anniversary on 22nd July,
According to many sources, the BJP Government of Modi has started the UCC in Manipur, until the Manipur High Court has allowed paid Hindu Meitei to get the status of Scheduled Tribe, only with an Affidavit.
There is no vaccine to prevent HIV and there is no cure for AIDS. However, there are other treatments that can help those infected with HIV. to strengthen the body and fight against HIV through ART treatment. Some precautions that people can take to prevent HIV and AIDS (i) (ii) to avoid open sexual intercourse and to use protection such as condoms (iii) not to hesitate to tell doctors or staff (iv) to avoid drug abuse and not to use the same thyrnia when injecting drugs or drugs (iv) To fight against HIV by Antiretroviral treatment is available in hospitals.
Weisz reportedly had to cook the chicken 1,35,000 times for five hours to cook it. His cooking method was powered by a 7,500-watt electricity. hours of fire and this is twice as strong as the heat produced by the fire to cook.
This will also include the delivery of short range and long range weapons, vehicles and other assistance to strengthen the Ukrainian military so that Ukraine can can stand against Russia with all its strength.
The wisdom of the Delhi leaders to impose a lockdown across the country is at the right time and for the benefit of the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya at a time when they are facing many challenges.
Besides being a talented child and when I was free I used to go to the market with my mother and parents all over the country, I can write and speak many languages ​​from in English, Hindi, Odiya, Assamese, Sanskrit, Bengali etc.
She praised the work of the school to strengthen the radio therapy treatment unit and other services.
When asked, he said, “I was shocked to see the ugly behaviour.
She is now 11 years old.
He said the market is expected to reach T.4 lakh crore in the coming years.
These items, which were stocked in these warehouses, were taken back to Shillong for sale.
He said that it is for these reasons that the counting of Chakma and Hajong people as refugees, or the counting of Arunachal Pradesh as a tribal state is wrong.
Besides the demand for the appointment of MO, the JSM also demanded the installation of another ambulance to transport patients especially poor women and children from the hospital to Jowai which is 60 KM away. Other demands include the installation of X Ray and the provision of drinking water at the PHC. Ribok Biam and Ladalangmi Passah, President and Secretary of Saphai Unit, were handed over to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare through the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills.
Poimidanial Thubru scored the goals for Nangbah Mooknor in the 49th minute and Soki Lamare in the 60th minute.
Furthermore, Bah Teibor declined to tell the party that he will join the party but said that he will gather his leaders and supporters first at the meeting to be held on the second day. to discuss properly on it and then he will make a decision after that.
After drinking, Panah asked, “Rida, are you going to the shop?
On the same day, a truck (HR-55-M-9737) carrying 19 cows collided with another truck at Jingkieng Sonapur. light im.
It is to be recalled that the former Speaker, PR Kyndiah, has appointed five Independent MLAs, Dr. Don Kupar Roy, Mrs. Miriam Shira, Simon Singshai, Monindro Agitok and Chamberlain Marak. on 17.08.1991 that they supported the Government of Bah BB Lyngdoh, which shows that they were present.
From the beginning, it was planned to implement this policy at various levels with proper allocation and implementation in a consistent manner.
In terms of peace and order, the residents of this area live in harmony and mutual respect.
Dr Mukul said the NPP not only needs to recruit the incumbent MLAs of the AITC but has also tried to recruit the MLAs of the parties working in the MDA Government. with an attempt to influence our MLAs.
He said that the report said that the audit of the coal source used by the coke factories has been completed and the demand notices have been issued to the coke factories. , except for the articles of M/s Jaintia Coke Pvt.
The enactment of Section 144 CrPC also prohibits the holding of any programme, marches or public gatherings by individuals or groups and as enforced by the Arms Act He also ordered all those who have licenses for firearms in Ri Bhoi District to deposit their firearms at Police Stations, Police Outposts or Beat Houses in Ri Bhoi District.
There are thousands of law-abiding citizens of the Government who are homeless, without land, who has no right to receive land from the Government...whether they are lawbreakers or law-abiding citizens.
B Kharumnuid scored 27 goals, Everywell Khongjee 42 goals, 81 goals and NO Gatphoh 67 goals.
Shillong, Lber 08 : The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Bah Gavin M Mylliem today said that being a leader does not mean that you have to be a Minister.
Rhea Chakraborty wrote on her Instagram page to wish Mahesh Bhatt, who turns 70, a happy birthday.
The bus was heading from Laldhang in Haridwar district to Birkhal block in Pauri district.
They find it difficult to survive because of the political situation in the country.
“If we look at the arrest of illegal coal trucks, it has increased this year because we have tried our best and according to the affidavit we submitted on 15th June, we have said that The seizure of coal trucks from 2022 to July 2023 has reached 31 cases,” said K Khan.
Another deceased was identified as Tebu Chetri, 78, resident of Qualapatty, Garikhana.
During the investigation, the ED officials ordered an inquiry to verify the involvement of these people in the money laundering case with Suryakant Tiwari.
One of the topics he addressed at the meeting was the desire to establish a Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai. The Minister of State for Agriculture, Minister of State for Agriculture, said that since the beginning of 2010, it was decided to set up the Central Agricultural University where up to 200 acres of land has been allocated for the construction of the University. The KSU leaders have strongly opposed the College of Agriculture.
“Yes, those five persons have been arrested, the investigation is ongoing and we have not proceeded with the chargesheet as the IO still needs to look into this matter,” said the SP. two.
Due to the confusion, people no longer come for treatment at this hospital and have gone to other hospitals.
Regarding these things, which had already happened, Jesus had already spoken to a Samaritan woman, saying, “Woman, believe me, the hour is coming when you will not worship the Father on this side. and he went up to Jerusalem.
There will also be jhur shops, shops and others in these villages.
He said that after their resignation, many parties have talked about working together for the 2023 elections but it was after discussions and meetings with the NPYF leaders that they have decided to work together. He said that they hope that by working together, they will ensure that the NPP candidate who is also the incumbent Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong will This is the MLA election that will be held soon.
The distances of all these planets from the Sun are in the billions, tens of billions and hundreds of billions of miles.
The President of the UDP Youth Wing, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Coming Tlang, has urged the people to remove the allegations, the three dozen statements but to stand united and discuss for the development of the country. District, he said that if the youth work hard without fail, it will bring the victory of the party. He also urged the youth to be responsible for the work, who have the hope of becoming the leaders of the country. the country and the land of the Hynniewtrep.
But these things can happen if we can reach the goal,” Stimac added.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Deficit School Teachers, comprising the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Employees Association (KSAA) and the Garo Hills Deficit School Employees Association (KSEA) have decided to write to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. of the state government to the teachers in the state.
After this, the Minister together with the DC and Doctors met with the journalists and in the speech, the Minister urged the people not to fight against this disease with fear but with courage. Follow the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the State Government from time to time. touch the tongue, head or face and to cover the head, tongue with masks and the most important thing is to stay away from one person to another which is Social Distancing.
Sharing the Word of God as a fulfiller of religion, Fr.Teibor Lyngdoh also gave many examples such as a poor woman who has to wait for 9 months to give birth to a child, farmers They have to wait until they are ready to harvest, the students have to wait until they get the results and when they wait there is fear, surprise and excitement and what Fr.Teibor Lyngdoh wants to give The message to the Longkmie is that if we do anything we should do it with love and joy.
Roykupar said the reply received through RTI said that the value of the contract awarded to the company is about 2,32,96,39,3 Meter costs 12,941 tyngka until completion.
Furthermore, a large LED screen has been installed to showcase all the places and parts of the sanctuary that will be displayed in the Complex.
“The Minister also informed that the Shillong Municipal Board has started to reduce the plastic waste at Marten in Mawlai because in the evening it has taken away the plastic waste to various companies.
He said that other scholarships include Post Graduate Scholarships for professional courses for SC/ST 2022-23, All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Pragati Scholarship for Girls 2022-23, AICTE-Saksham Scholarship Scheme 2022-23 for differently-able students, Post-Graduate Indira Gandhi Scholarship for Single Girl Child 2022- 23 and NEC Merit Scholarship for Students of NER 2022-23*(Eligibility) Students pursuing Diploma/Degree./Postgraduate
St.Dominic Savio Higher Sec School, Mawkhar
He said it is necessary to recognize the farming methods in this area and this should be done as soon as possible.
The 17-year-old girl is a resident of Upper Mawprem.
For the residents of the State, the struggle and search for peace has been long and marked in many ways.
In other states we hear and see that those involved in corruption are arrested and imprisoned and the police have also seized money or gold from their homes.
Does this law prohibit which miracles that are suspected of being utilitarian or sorcery with the intention of forcibly converting people? We must know that Christianity does not teach people to be selfish, but the Christian Churches every day fight and fight against the problems that people face in life.
“They have written to the Governor Tathagatha Roy about the incident and we will wait for the decision of the Governor.
Furthermore, Bah C.Budnah urged the residents of Borbhuin to take good care of the 'Khnap Thangbru' because if the residents can take care of it, it will be of benefit to you as the residents. village, said Bah C.Budnah.
This line also needs to be inspected and repaired as the coal mining has ended or is too late.
She alleged that the Rangbah Shnong has issued a No Objection Certificate to Rohit Jain without the knowledge of the villagers because the site for the construction of the petrol pump is near the river. danger and destruction of rivers and the people who use it.
The order for the construction of the house was issued in November 2012 and was completed on 30th July 2013 and was opened to the public on 31st July
Prabha Shankar Shukla especially on the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Officer without following the rules.
The General Secretary of the Malaria Workers' Union, Allan Kharbani, said that the union will wait for a reply from the government in these days and if they do not receive any information, they will continue their strike. on the 23rd of this month to force the government not to accept them like the Assam government.
According to the survey, about 6.1 million mothers who give birth in the United States each year are unintended or unconscious.
While the Ao-Nagas include the clans Pongen, Longkumer, Jamir, Imchen, Walling, Longchar, and other Naga sub-tribes have their own clans.
Then I went to Bah Deng Shylla with the seij where I had put the PDIC and HSPDP flags. Bah Deng then gave me the APHLC flag to put on the siej which didn't have the HSPDP flag. Then, Bah Deng Shylla took the AHLC, HSPDP, PDIC and told me to follow him.
On the other hand, Bah Balajied Rani, congratulated all the office bearers of the VO, for their hard work in serving the community especially in the fight against COVID-1
It can also help to improve the quality of life throughout the day.
Ronnie said there is also a water supply project in Upper Shillong which is ongoing through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) and it is necessary for the Government to expedite the implementation for the benefit of the people. the public.
In a statement sent by the President of the Society, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, he said that the reason for the petition to the Central Government is after a thorough examination of the environmental conditions. The citizens of India have the fundamental right to improve or preserve the environment by any means as enshrined in Articles 21, 48 and 51A(g) of the Constitution of India. Country.
A detailed explanation was also presented showing the progress of various development projects, the challenges faced by the government and its achievements.
At the time of writing, police were trying to identify the driver of the vehicle, who was believed to be trapped inside the vehicle.
JOWAI: The Mutong Tourism Promotion and Environment Protection Society (MTPEPS) will hold the second Moopun Festival 2019 at Moopun Valley on the 27th of this month. on the 28th of this month.
The two organizations conducted an inspection of the factories in Umiam, and found that the area is like a hideout. that bar state or that riew snow.
She said that on that day, the union did not want to fight against the police and magistrates, but they boarded the bus and dropped them off at Madan Student. “If we want to protest, we should have protested at the Secretariat because there are no ministers who don't see, but in Motphran there are no government officials,” she said.
If found guilty of violating the rules, the parents will be prosecuted and the police will prosecute them according to the rules,” said the SP. Many policemen don't say anything or listen to what they hear when they hear that the drivers are driving. plate shadien, and the over take that you turn, you don't know if people are passing through the zebra crossing, and so on.
Many Hynniew Trep women who marry Garo men have to become Garo along with their children.
South Korea said North Korea launched another missile attack on parts of the East Sea on the same day.
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District: 03 and one from South West Garo Hills.
This was announced in a statement by Pillar Nongkhlaw President and General Secretary Rothel Khongsit.
“What's the difference if I eat meat in the morning and go to the temple in the evening?” Siddaramaiah replied. “Once again, he (Siddaramaiah) has insulted the Hindu believers,” she said.
The Minister said that the bill to be paid to the contractors is until 2013 and the government will strive to pay it as soon as possible.
The Department of Agriculture, Government of India, Umiam Khwan, Ri Bhoi District, from time to time discusses the discovery and construction of rice. agricultural products that can be of benefit to the farmers.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, today during a meeting with the MDC of Laitkroh and the elders, assured that everything will be in the hands of the state government.
However, after these 69 weeks, God has given the longest time for people to repent.
Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal said, “I will send police to raid the sellers of tobacco and spices from Tuesday”.
