The match will be played in Group C at 4 pm and ticket prices will be T.20 and T.100 respectively. Tickets will be available from tomorrow afternoon at the Polo Ground.
These robbers named Rgh, Jostiss Kharpran together with his friends attacked the cemetery of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, on the 20th March 2020, at 3:00 pm. the trees were cut down and the walls of the cemetery were broken.
Prime Minister Duh congratulated the Chandrayaan Team, ISRO and all the scientists of the country who have worked hard for many years and also congratulated the 140 crore people of the country on this day. “India has reached the South Pole of the moon which other countries cannot reach and this is thanks to the hard work and skills of our scientists,” he said. Chief Duh.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has found that the Sub Station in Lumshnong has been malfunctioning which has caused the entire Narpuh area to be without electricity for many years.
Police received a tip-off that there were militants in a house in Changimulla, Handwara of Kupwara district and police and soldiers rushed to the scene to rescue them. the people shall be destroyed by the enemy.
Guwahati: The Assam government has shortened the quarantine period for suspected cases of coronavirus from nine days to four days, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam. .
Thomas said that MeECL should send the appointment letter to all these Jugalis who have passed without delay.
Prime Minister Duh has directed that every 15 days, one Union Minister should visit the North East and Modi himself has visited the North East more than 40 times and there have been more than 300 visit of the Union Minister to the region.
After a complaint from the residents, police have arrested these two friends while Chemi Phawa, who is the suspect in the case, has fled the scene but today they have arrested him.
In the 50m breaststroke, Rishanlang Lyngdoh, Medonlang Thongnikhar and Mangkyrpang Lyngdoh were the winners.
Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi was born on 8th March
Nongpoh: In collaboration with the health department and others, who have worked hard to curb the entry of foreigners into the state, but the Ri Bhoi Police, have been very careful even Those drivers who have tried to enter the state without completing the requirements at the Screening Center at 13Mer Ri Bhoi District.
“We stand firmly on the ground as demanded, to oppose the amendment of the PS Appointment Act,” said HSPDP MLA Bah Witting Mawsor.
Institute (CFTRI), in recognition of its outstanding service.
“We also thought that if there is an amendment to the Sixth Schedule and when the NPP requests our leaders, then we thought why should we leave the Jaitbynriew.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Paul said that there are more than 2.5 lakh drug users in the state and this is according to the estimates of the Social Welfare Department. calculation was done three years ago.
Synsar farmers from Riwar and other areas are able to support their children in school and to support their families through synsar farming.
When the people grew up, it was necessary to have a Nongshynshar, that is, a Lyngdoh or Syiem, in order to establish peace and harmony in the society.
“We want a resolution to come out of the talks with neighboring countries,” he said, adding that the situation will improve in the coming days.
Besides, police said that they have arrested these two men after they opened fire while trying to reveal the location of the drugs.
“We hope that we will get a happy decision in which the Supreme Court will issue a decision,” said Dr Kharshiing.
In this regard, the GLCDS has also lodged a complaint with the Director of Urban Affairs and the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board.
For example, the implementation of horticulture by the government has not been successful, despite the central government's funding.
The union also invited the office bearers of the JACATAM West and South West Khasi Hills Districts to attend the event as part of the encouragement to the brothers and sisters. The union has also informed those members who have not received letters or notices to take this news as an information to them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is ready to draft the Rules of Procedure of the Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FTD) to cover all the rulers in one place from the Syiems. , Lyngdoh, Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, who shall be the body to discuss and strengthen the rule of law.
He signed a contract with Chennai Super Kings for 1.5 million USD and became the most expensive cricketer in the IPL. T.72 lakh and the proceeds were donated to the Sakshi Rawat Foundation, which is run by the wife of the actor, Sakshi Rawat to help the children.
The sellers and buyers, the walkers and the standers also walked and did as they used to do before.
and the light of heaven day and night.
Kuruvilla, a former India player, praised and appreciated the preparations for the tournament which is also the first of three matches to be held in Shillong.
Ngaitmi Syngkon (13), Tympang Tangliang (79) and Khadduh Tangliang (80+1) scored the three goals.
Primrose Lamat, who was also the key player of the match, was awarded the Man of the Match award with a cash prize of Rs 5,000/-, while Aibormiki Suchiang, who was also the goalkeeper, was awarded the Man of the Match award. Mukhla FC won the Best Goalkeeper award and a cash prize of Rs 5000/-
The CEM was accompanied by 20 MDCs, including Executive Members and MDCs from the Congress party, who are in the opposition. They also met with the Sordar of Mawthabah, who said that he did not know anything about the uranium mining, but he said that he signed the letter with fear, because he was afraid. supposedly, through an order of the Government of India.
Friends Utd XI beat Khimusniang by 21 runs in the Open To All Cricket Tournament organized by West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association Jowai on Monday.
Tourists have to walk through many bamboo bridges all the way to Mawryngkhang.
Regarding the marriage, Johi said that most of the Khasi living in Bangladesh are married to fellow Khasi, but there are two others who are married to Khasi. Bangladeshis, but Bangladeshis or Bangladeshis who marry them also change their way of life to the Khasi way of life.
Last year's COP-26 Summit in Glasgow showed why India will be able to achieve success on security issues.
The Principal, Kong RM Kurbah, congratulated the alumni of the College for paying back what they have given to the College. These alumni, to cooperate with the management of Ri Bhoi College, so that the College can develop like other colleges in the state.
All the speakers at the meeting criticized the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma for failing to resolve the issue of coal mining and transportation.
Shillong, June 20: BSF troops from East Jaintia Hills District today seized a muzzle loaded single barrel gun from Umkiang area.
“What do they mean? Are they trying to buy MLAs? Do they try to get involved in corruption? This shows their evil intentions and evil minds.
In the 50m breaststroke, James Anderson Kharlyngdoh, Mebansan Sangma and Ridaphi Vaichei were the winners.
The screening of the film Kedarnath has been banned in nine districts of Uttarakhand due to protests by Hindu religious groups, a government statement said today.
Shillong, July 08 : The HNLC through its Ksiang, Bah Sadon Blah, President of the HNYF, on Tuesday said that the peace talks will continue only if the state and central governments withdraw all the agreements. prosecutions against the group’s leaders and members.
On the other hand, Bah Renol Dkhar President and Banrilang Makdoh Secretary, said that the party has already sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in which he has promised to However, until now, there has been no sign of anything being done and promised to the leaders of the union.
However, it is necessary to have leaders who have the ability to carry the burden and do the work in a smooth manner.
The body of Ma S Quotient Sumer was laid to rest at the home of Kong Phelima Sumer, Loomkhliehriat, Panaliar, Jowai.
Khanduli village has been affected by the KAAC. After Khanduli protested against the gate, the Karbi community also banned them from farming in the farmland in the areas where many Karbi people live. .
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Meribamon Lyngwa, congratulated the Seng Kynthei Mawkhar for inviting her to be the chief guest on the occasion. it is a very progressive community.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) of South West Khasi Hills District (HITO) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS. The District Selection Committee (DSC) has requested to release the results of the District Selection Committee (DSC) after the complaint of the job seekers from South West Khasi Hills regarding the delay in the results of the DSC from You have not received your results.
Besides, he alleged that the school still has a debt for the construction of the school ground since 1991 and the people have not yet received their salaries.
While he was trying to swim in the river, he suddenly heard the screams of the women who were cleaning in the river. who was carried away by the water even when he tried to pull her out of his hand to save her.
Up to nine groups from different villages in these three constituencies came to give their answers.
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government led by the BJP has been in power for 40 years and has not implemented a single demand of the people of the state. Meghalaya.
This time, we hope the debates continue.
The bodies of the remaining 83 have been placed at AIIMS-Bhubaneswar and other hospitals to allow the families to take their bodies. said.
It is an opportunity for the people of the two districts to hear the views of the experts before the government sends it to the Governor for approval.
He said that although they have a small ground, the organization doesn't sit idle or rest but it holds such tournaments which is one of the parts to encourage the youth to use them. They have the right to be able to play with a goal in their lives because as players when they set a goal in chess with a determination, to be able to achieve that goal it will work.
“The government will consider the consequences if it decides to implement the ILP in the state,” Kropha said.
Therefore, in this regard, the union urges the government to take action and seek detailed information regarding the operation of the PHC, because according to the population in the area of ​​Rambrai PHC Jowai, November 14: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) West Jaintia Hills District (HNPF) in a statement sent by the President of the National People's Federation (HNPF) Government's plan to build a railway line into the state through East Jaintia Hills District.
Speeches were also delivered by the new members and office bearers of UDP Mairang in which they expressed their hope that the party will continue to win this election with the cooperation of all.
If the BJP loses power in the elections, the new government will turn against the BJP until it stops.
By your words, your walk, and your deeds, That they may be like an everlasting blessing.
The rainy season is almost over and the rainy season is only a few months away but there is no sign of the PWD to repair this road to cover the debris that has destroyed the road. this road which was like a forest road.
The victory of these four candidates shows that no money is needed to win the trust of the people.
According to the Sordar of Upper Laitkseh, the Sordar of Laitkseh and other elders and women, Laitkseh village has received many kinds of donations from the government and others.
On Tuesday, Justin announced that he had canceled his nine tours.
Shah said that if the water is not clean, the residents will not have a healthy body and Modi has announced to deliver drinking water to every household. , on the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of Meghalaya and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
After the end of the nomination day, it is now the turn of the candidates to put forward their views on the ground to appeal to the people.
The bodies of these four persons have been taken to the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Ïalong.
a man, dressed in blue, with bright eyes, now sits face to face with the painter.
KSU East Jaintia Hills District has requested RTI from the NHIDCL office, RTI reg.
There are 13 schools participating in the programme, 10 schools in Jowai and 3 in the sub-division on the India-Bangladesh border.
On the other hand, KSU President Ferdynald Kharkamni said that the KSU has decided to support Imshida Thangkhiew and the KSU has investigated thoroughly against the violence. Nongsier Jirang and also the union will support the young woman who was attacked by a robber from that village.
All these factors have arisen due to the increasing demand for commercial vehicles to have adequate service facilities and adequate maintenance so that they can perform well in various aspects including transporting equipment over long distances, in infrastructure, and in mineral extraction and make Uptime the number one priority for those who use it.
Speech was also delivered by Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor, USTM, in the presence of parents and relatives of the award winners.
Time passed quickly and no news came. These two men had completed their matriculation and in the village where there was no college they had to go abroad to study.
Hek will hold the posts of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, Fisheries Department, Printing and Stationery Department and Secretariat Administration Department.
He said that the family members, the VDP and the village have been searching for him for many days and today they found his body lying on the surface of the water in the fish pond.
“Hu...hu...hu” she laughed and slapped her father.
The government has to accept the GST Bill as the NDA central government led by Narendra Modi has set a deadline for implementation from 1st November across the country.
The retired teachers who were honored on the occasion were Babu Liewrose Lyngdoh, Babu Mollington Dkhar, Babu Teldamoris Kharsyiemlieh, Babu Standingroy Lyngdoh, Babu Wombing Wanniang, Babu Besilda Syiem and Babu Medingland. Myrthong, Babu Drasstar Myrthong, Babu Horendro Nongbak, Babu Drissarsingh Wanñiang, Babu Phlida Sun, Babu Moralinda Kharsyntiew.
We know that you are all sad because the opportunity does not allow you to come and hear us especially to say your last greetings.
When the work is completed, it shall be the share of that group, and shall be filled by the people of that group.
On the other hand, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, said that the implementation of this road was started before the outbreak of COVID-19, and during the lockdown, the cleaning of the road was suspended.
The Minister urged the teachers and students to take responsibility to make the College a Center of Excellence.
“Mendipathar is the best example to show the benefits of the decline in income, without being affected by the illegal entry of people into the state and I hope that this example can be from “It will be of great benefit to the people of the state,” said the Chief Minister.
Regarding the government's claim that it has tried to meet the demand of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union by expeditiously launching the Mobile App called ASHA First, Myrsing said that Initially, the ASHAs refused because many of the ASHAs did not know how to claim their incentive from the Apps but it was through the discussion and request of the Union leaders that the ASHAs agreed.
Pala said, “Almost everyone has talked to me, many of my friends who used to live in the coal industry, many of my friends who own factories and other businesses involved. and the coal industry, almost everyone is afraid of the Chief Justice and when he retires, you will see the true picture of the Government.
The trophy for the Women's Kabaddi League (WKL) to be held from the 16th of this month in Dubai has been awarded. released today in Indore.
The incident happened at around 4 pm this morning, when the residents of the neighborhood said that the stones fell and suddenly fell on the road after a heavy rain. Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident. The incident occurred and the people who were coming and going on this road escaped injuries.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the opposition to the allocation of land is not because he is against ethnic or communal, but because of the nature of the land. The Health of the Residents of Mawlong Market.
This ksai is similar to the ksai suh juti, but it has a colour.
They worshiped God as they understood by praying on the mountains and in the hills.
“Therefore, the Police Department should be more vigilant and prepared and they should also strengthen the Intelligence Department.
On the same day, the MLA of Pahamsyiem, donated Street Lights to the Pahamsyiem Village. opened a public square in Pahamsyiem.
Wine making has become a tradition and tradition of the people of our state and through this, the residents who are winemakers and local entrepreneurs can get support in the making of wine, to sell and to sell in the market.
"The UCC is intended to regulate marriage and divorce, to ensure equitable division of property between husband and wife," Cabral said.
Karate, judo, billiards and snooker were held at Shillong Club and badminton was held at Tirot Singh Syiem Indoor Stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Identity Card (ID) issued by the Social Welfare Department to persons with disabilities has not worked or has any value in front of bus conductors.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The BSF of Purakhasia BOP in West Garo Hills today arrested a leader of the ULFA. The arrested suspect was identified as Mebel Sangma of Belabor village, Pohalchati, Psdalu, Distt. - West Garo Hills.
I want this to continue," he said.
Bankerbha Dkhar scored the third goal from the penalty spot in the 23rd minute and Besterly Ksih (38th) scored the second goal.
“We see the decline of our culture, so we need to protect and strengthen it,” said Bah Sawkmie.
When Jesus said these words to them, the Jews began to doubt and asked, “Are you the Messiah? Or are you the Messiah?! Isn't that Jesus whom you are looking for? Are they looking to kill? Behold, he speaketh publicly.
Speaking at the briefing, Babu Kharshiing said that writing is an honorable job and to write you need to have the spirit and not too much of the arts.
In the first innings, SCA managed to score only 61 runs in 23.1 overs and all wickets were lost.
We too should learn about them, about their culture.
The tournament was held at KSA Mairang Mission Ground in the presence of Bah W Massar, BDO Mawthadraishan C&RD Block in the presence of Bah BL Nongum, Principal, Khadsawphra College Mairang and other members. of the Association.
The availability of roads is also a way to improve the livelihood, income and facilitate the movement of the people during their working hours.
It is not in the interest of a small nation like ours that these customs should be legalized soon by putting them in writing so that the nation can move forward in all aspects.
Everyone has joined hands to bring about a clean environment in the society, according to the slogan of Clean India.
“The MHA's answer to the three questions of the party (on ILP, Khasi and Garo languages, border demarcation) is an honor to the country, the nation and the people of Meghalaya,” he said. said Mr. Kharbani.
He said that in the remaining four years as MLA he will serve better the people of Sohra.
They don't want to be saved from the Dkhars.
“Remember, we cannot belong to any political party but we are all Meghalayans.
The approval of the cement company is not from the Ministry of Environment and Climate Change of the Central Government, but through the provision or signing of the necessary documents by the State Government. of the company, the statement said.
The UDP spirit is not the same; They also promised that if Pius wins, this area should see that Pius will become Minister to free it from backwardness.
A short speech was also delivered by the Finance Secretary of the OCF, Bah L.Dkhar and the Founder Chairman of the Foundation, Bah L.Dkhar. He said that the main goal of the Foundation is to improve the education of the children.
Marvel, which is one of the most popular film companies in the world and has been able to release several blockbuster films over the years, has witnessed that its films do not This has really hurt the company which plans to start producing enough films in the coming years.
Furthermore, the problem of the Khasi language is that it cannot develop, because the students in schools, when they don't take the subject, they have started to forget even to speak it at home.
We like to despise ourselves and exalt those of others.
Team Point Fighting Men (Hame Shaniah Suiam, Pynshrainmiki Rabon, Stephanson Lyngdoh) 3.
Many understand the importance of cleanliness but do not take it seriously and this is against the wishes of the village authorities or even the district authorities.
vii) the suspension of the decisions of the Meghalaya Assembly to date.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the students to focus on their studies, because in this age, education has become very important, because in all aspects. knowledge is essential.
They said that the improper driving of vehicles often causes tragic incidents, loss of lives, serious injuries to the people and this affects many families who suffer. “Such tragic incidents, which happen only because of the negligence of the drivers,” said the officers.
They said that they had asked for clarification on the grounds of their arrest but they replied that they were suspected of committing a crime and even until now when we came here we don't know on the grounds of which they were arrested. bring our children,' they said.
“There are parts of the DPR prepared by the Water Resources Department and there are parts prepared by the Brahmaputra Board and it has to be clarified who will work,” he said.
“Nothing but I just feel weak,” he replied. “It's better that you go and get medicine.
Shillong, July 10: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly ED Marak has filed charges against two BJP leaders in the state, Bah Khlur Lyngdoh, President and Dipayan. The Secretary of the BJP Disciplinary Committee, Delina Khongdup, on Tuesday said that the party has held an emergency meeting today to discuss the issue. and the news came out.
“Once the lockdown is over, we have introduced the Prime Minister's Social Welfare Package (PMGKP).
For example, students studying in JNV schools and schools that introduce the syllabus of the ICSE and the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) have been shown to score higher in The syllabus is more comprehensive.
GVK EMRI currently has 988 Ambulances under the 108 Scheme but is now preparing to install 2000 Ambulances under the 102 Scheme They will be taken to the hospital and from the hospital they will be discharged.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, AGM Nabard, Director of JHDS FR Manbha Pakem, President of KHUBLEI Germany Garhart Albert, Program Associate of Caritas India Sir .
KSU Huroi President Wallam Lamin Gadew said that the deterioration of the road is due to the excessive road conditions. support.
He called on the people to forget all the mistakes of the past leaders but to unite for the sake of the nation.
Teilang Nongrum scored the first goal in the 10th minute, followed by Threeborlance Khongdup in the 25th and 30th minutes and Arisen Umsyiem in the 12th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Joanes congratulated the HANM Upper Shillong Myllie Circle for organizing such a tournament which will be an opportunity for the youth to showcase their talents. that they have and especially that they are free from many evils from alcohol, drugs and others.
The meeting was conducted by Mrs. Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew, President of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union.
After the meeting with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in the presence of leaders from other districts, the Minister said that the government is ready to conduct an interview for those who The Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET) has been completed from 15th November 2013 for the filling of more than 1,200 vacancies in Government Lower Primary Schools and for more than 300-400 posts in Government Lower Primary Schools. Upper Primary School in the State.
Therefore, the expectation of the people to open is very high, as this hospital is very important.
Therefore, I feel that it is wrong to say that other villages will oppose the naming of Kongthong village because instead of opposing I feel like a suggestion that they should request. I would like to ask you to include other villages in the intangible heritage village if you have the opportunity. There should be no concealment of the presence of other villages in the Jingrwai Iawbei as if we are inside the village of Kongthong.
Hundreds of Kuwaitis protested in front of Parliament today to protest against Israel's actions.
Daka Bareh, another Field Coordinator, said that the villages where the organization is working to fight against COVID-19 are Mukhap, Mynso, Mulum, Iooksi, Mukhap and Musiaw in Laskein. Development block.
Thank you Rangbah for showing us these things.
“The Government through the Urban Development Department has informed us that it has sought many land in the European Ward for the purpose of building our houses if we are relocated from Them Ïew Mawlong and the identification of land in Them Mawbah is one of the other steps taken by the Government,” said Gurjit Singh.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU), FKJGP, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and Ri-Bhoi Youth Front (RBYF) today conducted a patrol. The state of Meghalaya is located in Rilbong.
We gave him a yes, but when he asked if we had any evidence, we said No.
With the aim of promoting and promoting the classical guitar, the School of Classical Guitar was established in
He testified by saying in a letter he sent that the party has been weakened by the internal mechanisms of the party.
She said that during the meeting with the DC, he said that the problem of the lack of adequate departments in the Civil Sub-division Mawshynrut is the lack of a full staff of the Civil Sub-division Mawshynrut. Civil Sub-division Mawshynrut.
Are miracles merely myths that we should reject? Couldn’t they happen? Do they contradict science? Do they have no basis in this new age? If so, what about the miracles of Jesus Christ? What do they mean? Who thew where? and what more have they to say? This is a difficult subject and has caused many differences of opinion and even conflicts.
The union said that it has met three times with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, DHS (IM), DHS (MCH & FW) and today the union has taken a decision. The government has demanded that the government should pay and release the salaries of 450 nurses from different districts including nurses in Garo Hills by 10th July otherwise it will take action. protest against the problems and discrimination against nurses by the state government.
Many of these athletes have won medals in the CM's State Level Inter School Athletic Meet
The deterioration of this road in Chibinang has been so extreme that there are no words to describe it.
Speech was also delivered by Leihaothabam Johnson Sharma, who also took part in the training.
The date of distribution of the awards will be announced later, said a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary of the Seng, Bah KKD Samiam.
The schools donated by the Jowai MLA are Mukhla Raij Upper Primary and Higher Secondary School, Mukhla.
New Delhi, July 10: The Government of India has set up a Committee for Peace in Manipur under the leadership of Manipur Governor Anusuiya Uikey.
Shillong, July 2 : The Academy of Visual Arts, Meghalaya, has organized a visual arts exhibition at ICSSR, NEHU. Hardcore.
HS Shylla said that the government's decision to allow companies to import foreign workers will endanger the state as a whole, as the neighboring states and Meghalaya especially Assam are still strong. There is a lot of cases of corona virus.
He said that the District Council is a household affair where the leaders should pass laws to protect the land of the jaidbynriew and the people should know clearly the opinion of the District Council.
Thakur said Doordarshan, Netflix and Amazon Prime will broadcast the series at the same time and no attempt has been made to do so.
Under the same section 144 CrPC, it is prohibited for all trucks, whether goods or coal trucks, not to park more than 2 trucks in the same place. Petrol Pumps, Parking Lots and others under the NH-6
The Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA urged the government not to discriminate against West Khasi Hills by allocating schemes especially the road to bring about economic development in the region and the state.
I don't know if they were misdiagnosed or if they got a complaint from the owner of the pharmaceutical factory.
For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.
The four persons arrested from Mawkynring village are Shabitstar Kharkongor, Trol Tynjah, Drimroy Rynjah and Kombitshon Nongkynrih. .
“The Disaster Management Department of the State Government has informed that T.50,000 has been distributed to all the families of the deceased. “It is T.6 crore, 66 lakh, but there are reports that many have not received the T.50,000,” said Bah Disparsing.
“According to my understanding, it is Assam which has prepared the list of villages to go to Meghalaya and which villages to come or stay in Assam. soi" “Have you received a copy prepared by the Meghalaya government to state that they did not attend any meetings empty-handed?” “This was prepared by Assam under the leadership of its Chief Minister. Himanta Biswa Sarma, who knows all about these places and wants to resolve the border while these people are still in power so that it will be easy to deceive them,” said Dr Mukul.
Now, on the other hand, the Selection Test is also a thorough one before writing the SSLC,” he said.
We therefore need to start from our own homes by guiding our children in the right path so that they will be safe from dangers.
“We have signed many memoranda but I am sorry to say that there is not a single memorandum that the project has been implemented by private companies,” he said.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that as the government officials have not ordered anything to the village, the village does not have any information on how to order the cow farmers, but the doctors have left. beit sha who see cow.
He said that the temporary closure of these gates should also relocate the screening center at Byrnihat in Ribhoi District to the Byrnihat Gate.
“I don't have the authority to investigate the corruption in the state, but now that we don't have the authority, how can I investigate it?” he asked. state.
However, now through this app we don't need to do that but we can do it through our mobile phone to ask for salary and to check the progress of the work”.
“We are leaders who understand the law and which state will not allow them to come to another state to judge when they talk, when they give their opinion, when they give their opinion,” she said. you can't get the result.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,403 so far, of which East Khasi Hills has 1,0
The prizes were awarded by Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang as the chief guest, DSO Balarina Syiem, MS Lyngkhoi, Glovis Basaiawmoit and others.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, the Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, sent a happy Behdiengkhlam greeting and wished all the best. Thousands of children of Seiñ Raij Tuber to be healthy, it is good that this Behdiengkhlam will drive away the diseases, the diseases, especially the worst disease. “I would also like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to serve the people and look after the welfare of the constituency. I would also like to inform you that in the process of improving this road in these five villages and according to the information I have I am pleased to say that the letter (proposal) regarding this road has now reached Delhi, I believe that with prayer, thanksgiving this letter will not be delayed and will be fulfilled through prayer and Thank you very much,” said Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
HELP TO CONTROL DIABETES:— According to a study published in the Journal of Food Chemistry, due to the effectiveness of insulin in the endocrine glands, the production of insulin is higher than in the pancreas which can increase insulin in the pancreas. blood.
There was a stir among the people after the robbers detonated a petrol bomb in Lumdiengjri area but fortunately nothing happened.
He said that the North-Eastern and Central region of Nigeria has been attacked by these bandits for many years, who have attacked, raped and killed their enemies. These robbers also kidnap the residents to demand money from the authorities.
It was seen that in the more central areas like Motphran or Khyndailad, police have been stationed to patrol the area.
Nongstoiñ: Robbers suspected to be members of the Sengbhalang, Nongstoiñ, this evening, threw stones at the vehicle of journalists of West Khasi Hills District, while they were on their way to collect news. in connection with the road closure starting at 7:00 pm.
The public meeting was attended by civil society organizations, the public and women.
After several hours of discussion, all the Sordars agreed to reject the letter sent by the Union of Chiefs to the Chief Secretary of the State on 17th November, 2016 demanding that it be amended. Pynursla said that they have no knowledge of the meeting convened by the Union and it is not the wish of the people. it is the final decision of the people.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that there will be a storm of 30 to 40 kilometres, including thunderstorms, thunderstorms and cold weather in parts of the state.
India has the highest number of cases in the world in a single day with 3,14,835 new cases reported in the past 24 hours. disease in India.
Athletics, shooting, archery, football, badminton and table tennis were held on the opening day.
Motphran is the hub of winestores and restaurants where there has been an illegal sale of kyiad and the KSU Mawkhar in collaboration with the Excise Department of East Khasi Hills has conducted a raid and seized dozens of illegal drugs. bottle of English liquor and beer.
U Bah C.Shangpliang said that many people don't know about this day because here in Meghalaya the government has not recognized this day or celebrated this day. In other states of India, this day is celebrated and a holiday is given as a sign of respect for the day labourers, and also across the countries of India. world spirit.
However, when they arrived in Delhi and met with SPC Chairman Annan Sharma, they learned that the government had sent
The police department has appealed to the public to come and take part in the program and said that the public is free to ask any questions from the police such as driving, crime. , police behavior towards the public and other issues.
The meeting was attended by all the office bearers of the HSPDP Mawshynrut and there was also a discussion on the matter before taking the final decision. They urged the HSPDP to apologize to the two MLAs and also to refrain from racial discrimination.
The HNLC member did not hand over any weapons but only HNLC demand documents and receipts, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkhrang.
Replying to this, the CEM said that the Council has already met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and others. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs, urged the Government to allocate land at Mawdiangdiang for the construction of the new District Council office.
The JSU has received information about the incident by phone from the students who have gone to stay at the state house and they have said that they are no longer comfortable staying at the place. .
He said one of the main reasons for the cancellation of the MoA of Kynshi stage-I is due to the delay of the contractor in implementing the project within the stipulated time.
“The mineral resources in the Hynniewtrep Hills belong to the indigenous people and have never belonged to the Government of India or the Government of Meghalaya.
One of the youths said that even though Siejlieh village has been accused of being prominent in crime, from year to year there are villagers who have brought honor like Elfie Wanniang, who in class XII Commerce and others and this is a sign of hope for the future of our youth.
Hazarika said the maintenance of the road is still in progress on a 9 km section.
The investigation started in 2012 but has not been completed yet but the case has been resumed after the PAC intervened in
They were arrested and the seized sugar was handed over to the Baghmara Police Station for further investigation.
“We need a clean governance where there should be no discrimination between the poor and the rich, the weak and the powerful and so on,” he said.
“The Government of Meghalaya will write to the Government of Bangladesh to provide a place for the burial of Tirot Singh, as the officers in charge of the prison have said that they are still looking for details about the whereabouts and stories. I don't want to be punished,” he added.
The 'Har Ghar Tiranga' campaign under the 'Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav' is an initiative taken by the Government of India last year to raise and hoist the flags of the country. in every household.
In the past, local entrepreneurs were able to employ up to 3000 people, and their work has brought about an increase in income.
“The committee has decided to eradicate the illegal activities that happen from time to time inside the market and decided not to allow illegal occupants inside the market and to close the liquor shops be “The committee has decided to set up an entry and exit gate for the people in Ïewduh,” said the CEM. and they set guards from morning till evening.
The team has not yet announced the findings of the inspection but said that the decision on the findings and its findings on the procedures will be sent to the House of Parliament.
As it has been a long time since we have been able to sing and dance to the songs of the candidates who have supported us, this spirit should continue and let Meghalaya be an example for other states. They are not like in this state to dance with the people in the rally grounds with men and women.
Similarly, the PM Matru Vandana Yojana, Mission Indradhanush, Yoga, Fit India Movement, and Ayurveda are still protecting people from diseases.
These members who left the HSPDP will meet soon to discuss whether to nominate Bah Rostarwell from another party or to support another candidate.
Players under CC (Central Contracts) can now earn up to AUD $800,000 in combined contracts with the country as well as with the WBBL. The highest revenue from the WBBL and the Women's National Cricket League has now risen to AUD 151,0
Those who understood understood who Bah Ardent meant when he said this especially when he used the word 'Kumar'
He said that in the past, the French from Germany and France had come to photograph and examine the stone, but the villagers did not know what they had done and what they had found. When they came, they were told that if they found anything strange or the meaning of the writing, they should inform the village.
Aibor said that there are 36 villages under the Labang Nongphyllud Pangam Raliang District.
Prof. RC Patel, ITEP Curriculum Core Committee Member and expert in the Handholding Session in the first program, attracted the participants by explaining the path of their studies. teachers from the beginning, and how ITEP came about because of the need to change the practices of teacher education.
Sarot I Man has commemorated World Environment Day by planting trees in the Kiang Panaliar Treasury, Jowai.
As the leader of the Ri-Bhoi Bhalang, after hearing many of the problems of these people with disabilities, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh urged the MDCs, MLAs and The State Government should also pay special attention to these citizens of the State who have disabilities, because such citizens of the State even if they have disabilities and need “The government should support them so that they can live like others with disabilities,” he added.
During these two days, besides the beauty pageants and musical performances, the Society has also prepared camping, kayaking, paragliding, cross-country skiing. Wah Umngot and other programmes.
He said that the government is in the process of preparing for the registration for the convenience of the local wine producers.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Asst Publicity Secretary O. Marbaniang in the presence of Education Secretary Readyon Nongrum, KSU Sohra District, said: The KSU has found that there is a camp of refugees in the area near the BSF camp called NayaBasti.
He said the group will send the demand to the Prime Minister in the next few days and will also arrange with the BJP leaders to meet the Prime Minister to discuss the issue. .
“The report has clearly stated that if the dome is to be rebuilt, it should be rebuilt with a sting and covered with CGI tin. “It's not like we're going to be able to do that,” said the Minister.
Indian freedom fighters including Lala Lajpat Rai, Mahatma Gandhi and others contributed to the School during the foreign rule.
Furthermore, the Hima replied that regarding the road from Mawphlang which leads behind Law Kyntang which contains the farmland of the people of Mawphlang and also contains the Mawshyieng of the Khmah Lyngdoh Mawphlang, it said that It is an existing road built by the ancestors and improved every year by the residents.
KSU, FKJGP and HNYF also donated T30,000 to the RMFCA to encourage them to continue their work. raise up the young men.
In this regard, the State President of the BJP said that the request for an explanation was in accordance with the Disciplinary Rule No. (a) of the party, which states 'to oppose or mislead against any program or decision of the party. the party,' and Rule (d) 'to carry the dispute within the party outside the four corners of the party including the media.
If it is for these reasons, then I as one of the youth who want to maintain peace and order, to eliminate violence and to bring unity in the society to fight against the evildoers, so I urge all the people Ka War Jaintia, please surprise people while it is not too late so that one day we will become tree cutters and water cutters of each other as said by “Myllung Soso Tham”.
Revil Rymbai scored two goals for Wahlyngkien Ramklang SC from the penalty spot and Khraw Lyngdoh scored the third goal for Laitmawhing SC. Corruptor.
The Mukhiyas will receive a monthly salary of 5,000 tyngka from the total salary of 2,500 tyngka while their assistants will receive 2,500 tyngka from the total salary of 1,200 tyngka.
“At present, you can see that to travel from Shillong to Upper Shillong to any village in this area, it has become very difficult because we are stuck on the road for hours.
The DFO of Wildlife Division Jowai, M.Laloo, said that it is very important to preserve the sacred forests and it is necessary to have a collaboration with government departments to preserve the forests. Because they are protected by various laws and regulations, Community Reserves also attract tourists and this helps to promote tourism.
As soon as Panah said that, Rida's mother was very happy...“If you don't know, you'll know where to go, it's good.
Therefore, these are for those people who intend to take advantage of this inability to supply meat.
It is very pleasing to include the MDCs of those areas in conflict with Assam along with the Syiems, Basans and others who have been involved in the management of land in the committees of our government. so that the decisions to be taken are strong enough that the paid citizens can also have a say in the decisions.
The suspect was identified as BunlangkiSkhulan.
The FKJGP said that according to Sections 1 and 2 of the Regulation, the Meghalaya government has been clearly empowered to implement the ILP only by announcing a Notification through the Official Gazette and not by passing it. Parliament.
Therefore, Jesus said, “If ye know the truth, the truth shall make you free” (John 8:32).
In addition, if the second husband dies and marries another woman from another clan, it means that one household has a brother-in-law while the other clan has its own. of my own and what can be longï.
The match started at 2:15 pm between Nongrim Hills SC and Umphyrnai SC. The match between the two teams ended with Nongrim Hills SC scoring 10 goals.
“This kind of sport is different from others which requires six to nine months of preparation and taking good care of the body by eating nutritious foods,” said Donbor.
The answer to that question is that the ocean will always flood.
“If we take advantage of the 100th anniversary of this department, we can create opportunities for people by bringing in other people from abroad to provide more training for better service in the heritage to come", he said.
It is learned that both sides have three members on each side who have taken the lead in bringing peace and stability.
A few days ago, there were many rumors that among the close friends of the Prime Minister, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh may be the friend whom Dr. Mukul Sangma will appoint as Minister.
The Executive Director, State Disaster Management Authority, Meghalaya said that the National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM), New Delhi in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) and the Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute (MATI) ) will conduct a five-day training program on emergency response in the event of natural disasters and other disasters (IRS): Basic & Intermediate. from the 11th to the 15th of this month at MATI, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
The Party leaders explained the principles of the Party and its policies, so that those who have joined the Party can understand clearly and have a strong foundation when they join the Party.
“You've been late, son,” said the father. “It's been a while,” he said. “What are you playing?” asked the father. .
On the other hand, the Ministers after the inspection said that the matter will be taken to the dorbar to discuss how to find ways and means to make the market more beautiful.
He also created blocks like Mawlai, Sohiong and others in Garo Hills.
The truck (NL 01AB 4740) collided with a Mahindra Maxx (ML 05G 9353).
These include EGH: 13, EJH: 02, EKH: 155, NGH: 16, RBD: 53, SGH: 08, SWGH: 09, SWKH: 34, WGH: 100, WJH: 69 and WKH:
Nongstoiñ, March 24: In Nongstoiñ Constituency, the party which has not yet nominated a candidate for the 2023 election is the BJP. Alexander Laloo Hek, Chairman of the Central Monitoring Committee of the BJP Meghalaya, was accompanied by W. Marbaniang, Vice Chairman of the BJP West Khasi Hills. The Committee came to Nongstoiñ to meet with the party leaders and supporters.
“It is true that our stinginess instead of cleansing the 6th Schedule which is the power of the children of thousands we have weakened our power through the introduction of 12 A-a under the 6th Schedule, in order to preserve the customs. “The customs of ownership of land in the land, in the judgment of khaddar in the waters, rivers, forests and btap is through the 6th Schedule,” said the CEM. There is still hope for the problems we face because while we have villages and townships there are still Hima but the only thing that matters is to have unity within the Hima in the villages and townships in the country. and the nation for the protection of the light of the country and the nation.
“After the implementation of the Presidential Rule, a thorough investigation should be conducted, as well as to identify the perpetrators and those involved in this entire conflict – they should also be punished severely,” said the petition. from SNSBH to the Prime Minister of the country.
Such meetings between the leaders will pave the way for the exchange of information and the implementation of any initiatives.
Likewise, we human beings cannot come into this world without a seed and our fathers are the seeds. in being, even if they are not exactly the same as the seed (Father).
We came to the end of the road.
“We will strengthen the Sixth Schedule and we are against those who want to abolish it,” he said.
He said that in this age, it is necessary to have a sense of dignity even if you cannot reach 100 percent but you should try to reach it.
He said that the reason for the protest against the mining from the area is because of the sudden change of color of the drinking water from the wells near the mining area. The villagers have not been able to use this drinking water until now.
Speaking to media after submitting the petition, Ksanborlang said that the submission of the petition today is to urge the KHADC to look into this issue. If only the Village Employment Council is recognized in the villages, the Dorbar Shnongs will disappear quickly.
Therefore, the Seng through this step wants the paradoh parasnam, to understand first what this Act, how it will affect and what as a Jaidbynriew should do to oppose this Act of the Government of India which They want to force foreigners especially Hindus from Bangladesh to become Indian citizens.
Chapter 4 – The Lamin of the Lamb.
She said that about 50-60 people come to the hospital every day for treatment.
Dr. Tyngshain Sutnga, Medical Officer, Bhoirymbong CHC, checks the dashboard of MOTHER every day to monitor the number of poor women.
In a statement, the VPP demands that the government authorities should not take human life against human rights without going through the legal process.
This reporter also spoke to John Fisher Nongsiang President of KSU West Khasi Hills District, to ask what the community has to say on this issue. “We are ready to accept the BSF camp by the District authorities and we will stand firmly against it”.
“It is necessary for the MLAs to know the past and the need for the Reservation Policy, which has been implemented to create injustice and discrimination against those communities.
“These departments help us a lot and some of them when they have more money they can help us more.
When asked whether the Prime Minister has promised anything to these villagers, Kharlyngdoh said he hopes he will do something, because it is a place where he likes to visit. go look at it.
Shillong: Due to the influx of foreigners who work in various jobs and who come to work without proper documents, the KSU has left to expel these foreigners. people.
There is a need to develop tourism in these areas as well.
Regarding the suspension, the Manipur player still has the opportunity to appeal against the decision, but it is not yet clear. whether or not she will play the part.
More or less, there are about 6 more amendments to the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Rupaia Lyngdoh, 25, of Wahiajer village, has been shot dead by robbers at a place where she used to live. known as Umpawai in the middle of the village.
He said that some of them have complained that they have not received the money that the Government has taken away from their vehicles and some of those who work in the Covid Centers have not yet received it.
On the other hand, DC PD Sangma said that the District Administration has no information about the planting of mawpudu in Khampaduli and Umbyrsit.
“It’s for the election.
Shillong: The Public Account Committee of the Legislative Assembly today summoned the officers of the Department of Agriculture after receiving the report of the Controller Auditor General that the Department of Agriculture has deposited the money. farmers Rs.9 crore in two banks.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh said that others have accused Maheh of being too old to contest the election, but now a young man has contested the election. you are not yet young.
Kisme Dkhar today met and submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District and the Branch Manager of SBI Khliehriat Branch, to demand the correction of the address of the State Bank of India, Khliehriat; The union cannot accept this style of writing and has demanded that the writing from Khelerihat to Kheliehriat, State Assam to Karbi Anglong District be corrected. Meghalaya and Karbi Anglong District to East Jaintia Hills District.
After the club's resignation, the club's management has also announced the name of Bruno Saltor as the interim manager of the club until shall be appointed by a suitable person to carry out the remaining duties of the club.
Furthermore, on this occasion, the Maikhuli Village Council decided to protect the fish pond owned by the Maikhuli Village Council and even the fish pond was built through the government schemes from Meghalaya. They also told the world that they will not allow them to go to Assam and on the same day they put up a signboard to show that this pond belongs to Maikhuli Village in Meghalaya.
Earlier, the Meghalaya government had implemented the RGGVY scheme to provide electricity to this village and other neighboring villages, but Assam did not allow to set up dewbilat posts in the same area to provide electricity just to get electricity. After the completion of the road under the PMGSY scheme. It is clear that this theft by Assam to help the border villages has also happened in other areas from time to time to take advantage of Meghalaya's electrification scheme has failed after the implementation of Assam.
The robbers who spread the news have created pictures of the chickens that are sick and threaten the public if they eat the meat and poultry spread through Whatsapp.
At this meeting, Jerry Anderson Suting presented the report of the party from 2021 to
That is why, he who is born once only in the flesh ends up in the flesh and does not know the spiritual things, and cannot enter the kingdom of God.
God's Kingdom has principles, ideas, values, and examples.
Athletes who participate in various tournaments are required to bring 2 passport size photographs and recently Aaddhar card, birth certificate and certificates received from sports events.
He said that the Group will continue to do charity work in the coming days to visit other families in need.
It was here that the Pharisees began to doubt the crowd and became angry with Jesus because of the many signs and wonders he had done.
All parties are patriotic but we must look at the basis.
The Seng Khasi Mylliem invites and invites all the Khasi Traditional Religion to take part in this Shad together with the dancers in their Khasi costumes. It is customary to enrich the Lympung Shad on these days.
“If the MDA Government will increase the expenditure on the education sector since taking office in 2018, the question now is, why haven't teachers been appointed? How can the school not have a teacher? What will happen to the future of school children in the state? Should Conrad Sangma and his Ministers take responsibility for this,” said the Seng.
He said that other necessary documents have been submitted to the DC's office and he has received a Xerox copy according to his request.
The FKJGP and the Lama of the four parties including the KSU, HNYF and RBYF will not sit idly by until the demands are met, said a statement from Dunndee.
Therefore, I suggest here that in the largest number of churches, people who are true readers, who have the power to preach, the power to understand themselves, the power to interest the people, should be chosen as preachers. bor to ring the bell and give examples.
From West Khasi Hills, Ranikor and Mairang were taken.
Speakers of the DRSRBD included Rocky Kylla, President, CB Syiem, General Secretary, Eddie G Kharbani, Treasurer and others. , why it has not done anything on the shooting death of Bah Cheristetfield Thangkhiew by the Police and which has caused great anger among the people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday night shot down a drone that had entered India from Pakistan at the Border Outpost (BoP) in Rajatal.
According to a statement, there have been complaints about the recruitment process at the office which is not smooth and most of the candidates are foreigners although Khasi have reached the rank.
The official, who did not want to be named, said that a tender has been called for the renovation of the rooms.
Most of these cases have been registered under Section 6A of the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Order (MMPO) which is a violation of law and order, the SP said. The loss due to the protests has reached about T.30 lakh.
He said that as a leader, he has always spoken and reminded especially the youth of today that we should not be misled to say that our nation has been in the middle of the night and this is not the case. That is why our nation still stands on the strongest foundation under the leadership of the past and present leaders.
Shillong: As part of the trial of injection of Covid 19, Meghalaya has conducted a trial of vaccination at 33 different pharmacies and the trial has been successful. and consistent, in all 11 Districts of the State.
If we look for the reasons why our country has declined in media freedom, it will become clear if we look at what has happened to journalists and news producers in our country. .
After the police asked about me and because I was not at home, they took Lakitbok with a beating and detained him in police custody,” said Wallambok.
With this victory, Ri Bhoi United Football Club has qualified for the final of the tournament.
These are the ones who will allow the state and the people to grow and develop.
In this regard, he urged the government authorities to take action so that the people will not be affected and also the truck drivers will not be able to disrupt the peace and order, said Dr Mawthoh.
In his speech, he also expressed the difficulties faced by the Teacher Training Institutions in the State in submitting the required documents as directed by the NCTE.U reported the problems that arise on the website of the NCTE from time to time.
This was announced at the closing ceremony of the 4th Meghalaya Games at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura on 20th July.
HANM has 5800 members across the state and the resignation of 5 or 6 members will not affect the party.
“Even if we are not in power, we will change the rule of law in the power of the people,” he said. your corrupt activity.
In fact, it was reported that there is a chowkidar who looks after the gate but he alone cannot do anything especially when the people who come claim to be politicians.
Not only that, one person has died of the disease in East Garo Hills District.
According to the President of CSWO, these employees were sent from the Meghalaya Secretariat to the Governor's Office and without following the rules, they were promoted.
He also informed that he will soon inspect various projects including markets, parking lots and others.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the group, Bah S.Nongkynrih, said that thousands of people who flocked to the Polo Ground on the 30th of July for the dorbar bah were delighted to learn. The VAB has been passed to re-empower the Rangbah Shnongs.
The chairman of the Board said that the government has set a target to complete the scheme before the end of June this year, which means that all the poor households will get electricity.
The leaders of the Association have announced that MaTORADA will also hold a General Meeting on the 22nd of this month starting at 9:00 pm. Auto drivers will not be allowed to operate on that day as auto drivers will not be allowed to operate during the meeting.
The film, which has been released since the 21st of this month, has grossed nearly T.100 crore.
There are many types of ethnic groups, both small and large, who have and believe in their own beliefs and practices in their own places.
Similarly, Meghalaya has not received any money.
The residents still believe in the rumor that the vaccine has a connection with 666,” said Marbaniang.
He said that Bah Massar has served the area for more than 20 years and has contributed greatly to the development of the area as a whole.
This was announced by the District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Arpirt Upadhaya while talking to reporters on Friday. to ensure the smooth running of the election of the Nongmihkhmat of Ri Bhoi District.
“As I have promised since I won in 2013, I will do the right thing by the scheme of the people and I will not be corrupt, I will continue to distribute while the scheme is being released from the government,” said the MLA. He urged the Villages which have received the shuki and tyrpal to use them properly and take good care of them, so that the people can benefit.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader Metbah Lyngdoh has said that there is no threat to the party due to the emergence of the Voice of the People (VPP).
Revelation 22:1
We will do our best and we will sit with the Executive Committee so that we can get the right staff,” he said.
Some of those involved (arrested) have a criminal record and have been arrested before,” said the Superintendent of Police (City).
The KSU through these leaders from Ri Bhoi, has also slammed the state government, saying that Meghalaya, has been hiding in the status quo between Meghalaya and Assam, by respecting it, but in terms of development projects and discrimination, it has displaced the people living on the border.
Endrias Lyngdoh from Mookhim.
Shillong received 14.8mm of rainfall, 6.1mm today, 11.0mm rainfall in Sohra and 0.7mm today.
The deceased was from Tura, West Garo who suffered from brain hemorrhage due to dengue.
They said that as there is no sign from the government or NHAI, this has forced them to take a firm decision to hold a road blockade on the NH-6 in Narpuh District.
New Delhi: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has revealed the failure of the Ayushman Bharat scheme – Pradhan Mantri Jan Aarogya Yojana (PMJAY).
After the first half, Mukhla Raij scored another goal through Booster Sana in the 86th minute and won the title in extra time. .
Out of the 29 constituencies, the Congress won 12 MDCs, the NPP 11, the BJP 2, the GNC 1 and 3 single members.
Even the village, the tribe, the society is happy.
Solomon said, “I have built a house for the name of the LORD God of Israel, and there I have set the ark of the covenant of the LORD”.2 Chronicles 6:10-1
God keeps his word.
After the meeting, they said that the purpose of the meeting was to strengthen the unity and solidarity to form a government without the NPP and BJP. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Ronnie V Lyngdoh and others expressed the same view that the group has not yet been formed or named, but the intention is to try to find ways. ways how to form a synrop Government.
At the same time to create and appoint Directors of Investigation and Directors of Prosecution in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
it shall count the population and distribute the share according to the number of people.
Lucknow: Lucknow police have clashed with anti-CAA protesters in Lucknow after several vehicles were burnt down near the Police Station. The Police Station, which is located in the area, in violation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act today.
The post mortem was completed and after the magistrate had completed the necessary procedures, the body was handed over to the family members.
Shillong, July 11, 2023 : Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie on Tuesday announced that he has already received Rs 10 lakh for the construction of schools at Mawtawar School, Mawtawar Presbyterian Secondary School and Mawtawar Presbyterian Secondary School. Laitlum Presbyterian LP and UP School which he used under his MLA scheme.
Without discussing the election strategy of the Congress, the party should have honored these four former leaders; Unfortunately, the party has not been able to control Rowell, who in his old age will have to find a new home.
“We will all meet the AICC Incharge Meghalaya and if they bring up this issue on the MPCC president we will talk about it, but we have not yet received any agenda,” said Pyngrope.
M. Lakiang, District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills, C. Tympang Laloo, Chairman SMC who gave welcome speeches, prayer of thanks, Riianom Passah, Member SMC, Hercules Toi, Founder Secretary who informed about the history of the school since the beginning of 2000 and the activities of the school in the coming years, speech by Neetu Shullai, Headteacher Loompyrdi UPS SSA, Waheh Chnong of Loompyrdi, RL Bimee Suwer, members of the School Managing Committee, students and others.
Dr Ia said this at a public hearing on the COVID-19 vaccination campaign held at the office of BDO Laskein in the presence of BDO Laskein, Dr. BS Langbang, Waheh Shnong Madankynsaw and Ma Danny Shadap.
Rowel, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, denied that there was any protest to overthrow the government and admitted that he did not know anything about it.
For example, in the cultivation of jhur and phan, there are cultivation methods called shyrti cultivation (or cultivation of thang khlaw, in the dympuin), cultivation of bun, cultivation of syllai. call you sustainable farming.
This is indeed something that has been misled by the power of foreigners and not by the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Shillong: The North East Students Organization (NESO) has urged the central government to intensify its protests if it passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
The party is ready to work together for the cleanliness, beauty and peace of the City and the State.
EMRI employees, midday meal employees and teachers submitted a petition to him today and the Minister said that he will talk to the Minister in charge of Human Resource Development and written to the Prime Minister of India in collaboration with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The demand of the Dorbar Shnong to set up a police station comes after the repeated harassment by the Assam police and the Karbi people in the farmland.
The CM said the government has already allocated T.150 crore under the Smart City Project and also for the implementation of the Integrated Control and Command Center (ICCC) besides the construction of the IT Park. it is expected to be able to open by next May.
However, when Kong Ampareen came to inspect, she did not receive any information on the place and time of the meeting as promised.
“When asked whether Prah's song is the main reason why the VPP won the election, Bah Ardent said, “The song will not win if the party doesn't have its own foundation. Many candidates have phoned to contest the MDC election from the VPP but our party is not just accepting but we will have to see how and by what means. walk.
Assam Police said that the incident occurred after police seized a truck carrying timber from Meghalaya at 3 pm this morning. step.
In the 2023 elections, Rapsang will contest against BJP candidate Ernest Mawrie, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh, Congress candidate Betheleen Dkhar and TMC candidate Iwan Maria.
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; for it is the number of a man, and that number is
HYC Sohra Circle President Shan Nongrum said that the Magistrates have said that they will soon investigate the matter.
However, the truth is that if we accept the introduction of elected Village Councils or Panchayati Raj and accept the Municipal Councils or Municipalities in the state and to elect an election census for the leaders of the Dorbars, the village, the Raid, the Hima shall lose their power.
“May life with water continue not only for them in this present generation but also in the environment through the trees and that the future generation will also have access to adequate drinking water” , said Mr. LGM Kharmih.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai will organize the Republic Day Run 2024 for men and women (Open Category).
Three teams selected from the Talent Search will play against each other in the T20 match. .
Regarding this meeting with the DC, the union expresses its satisfaction, as the DC has promised to take action and inform the state government, he added.
Although dumasla is found throughout India, it is best grown in open soils where the stems of this plant can fall.
She said the committee has been directed to follow the rules and regulations.
When the time came to form the Government, these political parties of Ri Lum Ri Thor were eating from the same plate! Kulmar is the crowd.
In his encouraging speech, he said that first of all, she should thank God for opening this opportunity because she herself has prayed through prayers that God will send them. they helped me.
It is said that after killing, he cut off the head of the mother in his own house.
“Himanta Biswa Sarma should know that Mukroh village falls under the jurisdiction of JHADC, not like the Chief Minister of Assam that this area falls under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong District,” said the JSU. Firefighters had to rush to extinguish the fire before it spread to the office of the Central Government in Jowai on Sunday night.
He said that the police have received information that there are wealthy people who have received demand letters from the Seng Kaikhlaw Hynniewtrep, but if these people have received demand letters they do not inform the police or do not cooperate with them. , it is difficult for the police to investigate or arrest.
“The department has not received information on how many members have been shot,” said a government statement on the question of party members who have been shot by law enforcement agencies since
Nongpoh: About 75 students from Ri Bhoi District who have achieved success in various fields of education, today were honored by the Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit. Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang Academic Excellence Award 2023 has been awarded to the students.
The victim was identified as Kong Rita Nongtdu by stabbing her in many parts of her body.
Speaking to Mawphor, Albert Maring, said that Ri Bhoi District is no longer a district which lacks educated and skilled leaders. The Legislative Assembly in the state and the sad thing is that the people still want to vote for those candidates who come from abroad and who come to mislead the people only during the election.
We are still waiting to see what happens in the coming months, because the UDP, BJP, PDF, have just formed a government together with the lack of people or perhaps, in which we will say that it is the jing not banned; But if the signs show what has already happened in Manipur, then we will soon see that the BJP in Delhi will be the top force in terms of progress and development. Finally, it is learned that the CBI has decided to chargesheet those involved in the insult to the teachers of LP School, when Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh I have been the Minister of Education for more than 40 years.
“Ka seng will strongly oppose the government if it implements this roster system and the party will also come out to support the VPP MLA from Nongkrem. The appointment will be the same without distinction between the Khasi and Garo which should be based on the number of residents,” said Bah Myrsing.
He said that when he decided to contest this election, there were many people who discouraged him.
There are 18 children who have dropped out of school.
His speech was followed by the crowd shouting: "Hey Trekirot.
Indeed, the Home Minister, Amit Shah, has visited Manipur and met with various groups and the Central Government has also set up a group to discuss how to restore peace and stability. .
Dippu, who took the wicket of Passah, took four wickets for 16 runs, including three wickets in one over.
“There are those who say that they have accepted the vote, the vote has been given to the bomb, there are those who have said that they have not accepted the vote.
When the Meghalaya government started implementing this, they faced many difficulties. Before 2019, only 4,554 households had access to electricity at home, which is only 0.77 percent of the households. 100 percent of the households have water supply to their homes.
Those who have the ability and talent to take part in politics should play chess, carry the lyngkor of politics as a public service and not as a business or private service for personal gain.
The competition was sponsored by Title Sponsor – Set Wet, Style Partner – Killer Jeans, Fashion Partner – Butterfly Clothing and Accessories, and Hospitality Partner – Hotel Daaysco Oley Allo.
To implement the solar project, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma launched the Chief Minister's Solar Mission at the State Convention Center on Thursday and announced that the Government will launch to raise about T.100 crore per annum for this Mission.
How can the Prime Minister and the Home Minister come together within 10 hours without any reasons that can benefit him and the BJP party? .
Marbaniang said that the price of the book has been set by the Pricing Committee of the Board, and not by the author of any book.
The last time Inter Milan reached the Champions League final was in 2010, the year they won the Serie A title. A and also the Coppa Italia title, which are the three biggest titles.
Khartik Ghosh was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital on 17th July 2020 and 18th July 2020 at about 7:00 pm.
The General Secretary, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, said that there will be a change in the schedule of the musicians on the 27th and instead of the Titans from Tura, the Colours will perform. unavoidable reason.
Regarding the Private Members Business, we were given only 2 days and the time limit for participation was too short...only 10 minutes to explain the Governor's speech. the State," he said.
“We must understand that, people vote (for a candidate) who are trustworthy.
And this selfishness of theirs leads them to fear of their relatives, in which they have to take the wrong path.
The incident happened at the Polling Station of Musniang Rim & Musniang Thymmei when Ma Piwel came to the polling station to inspect the polling station and told the Waheh Chnong that the people should be able to vote. of their own free will without any coercion and there was a great clash of hands among them.
In the 13th chapter of Revelation it says – “And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death, but his deadly wound was healed.
They were admitted to the hospital for 10 to 15 days and have recovered, said Dr Prabhakar Rao, Nodal Officer at Gandhi Hospital.
District authorities together with Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong, Debajyoti Hazarika and Superintendent of Police, Mrinal Talukder, removed the boundary.
Vehicles are allowed to drive to the Municipal Parking Lot opposite the Synod Complex and turn away from the parking lot.
Mynthing (Reference, Khanasamari-U Khun U Hajar Ka Ri)
Shillong: U Sanbor Shullai, BJP MLA from South Shillong, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), has strongly criticized those who accused him during the elections that if he wins, he will shut down the tourism industry. to the synagogues, to the shops.
Speaking on the occasion, PK Boro as the chief guest congratulated the SHGs in the District which have been increasing day by day. the idea of ​​working hard until you can become an entrepreneur.
Speaking to Rupang, KJTSA Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that in 2007 and 2008, the MBOSE has failed and has handed over to the schools to do their own thing. but three years ago he said that it has taken up the idea of ​​bringing about the order of all the schools and that there will be a proper completion of the course for the students of class IX who fall under the The MBOSE, however, said that every year in the last three years, the questions of Class IX students have been stolen.
Rangdajied had to play with only 10 players in the 78th minute after Aibiangmame Nengnong was sent off for two yellow cards.
Shillong, June 20: A group of 13 Sengbhalang today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to monitor the implementation of the Meghalaya Residential Safety Act Force responsible for the entry of foreigners into the state.
The failure to return the money shows that the government officials are just thinking about it but on the ground it doesn't matter.
On the other hand, the residents of the area urged the MDA government to cooperate and negotiate with Assam, not to block the supply of electricity to these three villages. so that the people can benefit like other citizens in the State.
The two were seriously injured in the blast and died when their bodies were taken to Silchar Medical College.
The 72-year-old engineer is in charge of projects implemented through the funding of the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
The Nala, which was cleaned by the Seng Longkmie Mawroh, is located within the boundary of Mawroh Village and falls under Nongpoh Town. Therefore, the Nala has caused a terrible smell and threatens the health of the passengers.
Therefore, he encouraged them to continue to play chess and face difficulties in order to reap the fruits of victory.
US President Donald Trump has tested positive for the corona virus with his wife, Melanie Trump.
Shillong, July 6: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today distributed checks to Village Leaders and Private Individuals of Khasi Hills, Jaintia and Ri-Bhoi Districts under the scheme. Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) which falls under the Green Meghalaya Mission or the mission to improve the environment in Meghalaya.
Ardent said the VPP's protest is because the Meghalaya Lokayukta, which investigates corruption and punishes corruption, has been affected. strengthen the Meghalaya Local Government.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to more than 5 lakh and the state has 1,47,355 confirmed cases.
The demons recognized Jesus and knew that Jesus was the Son of God.
Because one day we have to find it in the Red Data Book or the book that contains the plants that are on the verge of extinction.
He said that even if they are private property, those who put up posters know exactly that they don't say anything and they should ask for permission in writing. speak until the end of the election.
He said that fortunately, no casualties were reported in the fire, but the damage was only to property and property. They lost all their belongings, including TVs, refrigerators, laptops, Godreij, money and other valuables.
The purpose of these volunteers is to visit various households, to inform about various government schemes and to deliver their needs to every household and to arrive on time, according to the scheme that the government offers to the public.
Calling for the peace and stability of the state, the Meitei people living in Tripura have also expressed their strong opposition to the demand of the tribals to divide Manipur into two parts. .
It is learned that the blast was so severe that even the body of the deceased was shattered.
The celebration was inaugurated by the Government of India on 1st November 2023, as part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Anniversary of India. the pride of the country as a whole.
They were accompanied by Thomas Nongtdu, leader of the BJP MLAs and Rollingson Dkhar.
Therefore, the project is not to collect garbage in one place as it is now but to do it in a manner according to modern science.
The Jews hated the Gentiles very much, one of the reasons was because they ate the flesh of wild animals.
However, he could not confirm how many people will attend, as the Meghalaya State TMC is still arranging various programs and venues for the top leaders to give public explanations.
These employees of the Traffic Branch have been deployed at MES Point (Rilbong), 3 Mer Upper Shillong and 7 Mer Upper Shillong.
It is prohibited to hold any public meetings without the permission of the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, as well as the Waheh Shnong of the area where the public meeting is to be held.
On the border with Nagaland, troops captured 15 militants and killed them soon after.
Q.What are the results of true worship?(1) To restore what was lost:- In verses 11, 12 God saw Abraham's true worship and gave him back Abraham gave Isaac away without injury.
The Best March Pass went to Green House, second to Blue House and third to Red House. Blue House with 118 points.
The event was enriched by songs by the children of the Jaintia Hills Bar Association and a traditional dance by the youth of Sabahmuswang. Sessions Court WJHD by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
It was a Tuesday and as soon as class was over, Hiram invited Rikynti to eat lyer pyngngad in one of the parks in the city.
He said the Pope had said it was Asia's turn now. “Who will welcome them in Asia?” Bhagwat asked.
The Policy on Agriculture to create opportunities to assist and develop farmers in all aspects has been in place since the Farmers Assembly last year.
The San Shnong Welfare Association Mukhaialong will hold a cow race on the 19th of November at Kremlabit Mukhaialong Square.
Edenfield Tynsong, elder brother of Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State, passed away on the night of 3rd July
Ashish Chaudhary, one of the most prominent boxers at the Tokyo Olympics, has now qualified for the pre-quarterfinals in the 80kg category, after receiving a decision from the judges through Iranian Meysam Gheshlaghi has won a split decision at the Men's World Boxing Championships in Tashkent.
“Ka seng believes in peace in the society, therefore requests the President of the VPP to raise the issue of setting up the Winter Capital in Tura, as well as to raise the Additional Secretariat and Heads. of Offices/Department sha Garo Hills".
Speaking to reporters, Mamata Banerjee said she needs a strong group to fight against this regime in the country.
The 1st Knock Out Cricket Tournament was held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sports Club.
Shillong, Naitung, 13: The Chief Justice of Shillong, Bah Erwin K. Sutnga on Tuesday demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government should immediately announce publicly the report of the investigation led by the Chief Justice. T.Vaiphei has been arrested for shooting dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew during the raid on his residence at Mawlai Kynton Massar, Shillong.
Trinity Saioo, a mother of six children including three sons and three daughters, lives in Mulieh village in West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
These changes have been introduced to reduce the disruption to those who do not already have connections while meeting these requirements for future releases.
Chakrapani Maharaj's organization was known as the All India Hindu Mahasabha.
He said that this action of the government has affected those firefighters of the village who pay exactly every month.
The rain gauge was measured in Jowai.
He said that according to the information received by the Seng, these 18 villages are the villages where the majority of the Khasi people have been living since Kulong Kumah. The Raid Nongtung of the Hima Khyriem Syiemship is also under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khyriem Syiemship, but the allegation that these villages fall under the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya is only a trick of the Assam government.
Shillong, March 8: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that many people living in Meghalaya, which borders with Assam, have gone to register their land in Assam.
Up to 35 girls from different states of the North East and four girls from Shillong have come to take part in the competition.
“We are very grateful to the NESFB for donating the rifles,” said Bah Kharshiing.
“Because of this, the KSU urges that this issue should be resolved as soon as possible,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnong admitted that the bridge has almost collapsed and poses a threat to the passengers. He said that through the bridge not only the passengers pass through but every day the passengers pass through the bridge. They pass through this bridge in their work.
It is learned that at 2 pm he called his sister to his residence and said that he cut her with a knife from her neck and due to bleeding she died. .
The program was also enjoyed by the youth of the church.
Some of the issues discussed at the meeting were the issuance of bills by government departments to contractors, projects and schemes that come to the state to benefit. the Asian Development Bank Sponsored Scheme to Improve Schools in Meghalaya, the Exemption Certificate Income Tax and other issues of the contractors.
Shortly after, her relatives called 108 to take her to hospital, and at the time of writing of this news, no information has been received where she will be taken.
He also promised that he will try to talk to the members of the DMF to beautify the place so that it can attract more tourists.
If Bah Markus doesn't oppose the ilp, why does he oppose the flag of the comso?
The Seng has held a condolence meeting on the morning of the 8th June, 2023, at Seng Khasi College, Jaїaw to announce the great contribution of this Rangbah to the Seng in many fields and The meeting held a moment of silence as a sign of respect for this Rangbah and to pray for his soul.
Referring to the Mawpun Fish Seed Farm, which has been implemented by the Fishery Department, the union found that the place to store fish seeds and store fish seeds for distribution to the farmers, is The State Government has awarded Bah L Kharkongor, JE, JE of the Fishery Seed Farm on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the Fishery Seed Farm. The Umsning Fisheries Research and Training Institute (MSFTRTI) is also known as the Umsning Fisheries Training Centre.
The 27-year-old joined the club after spending last season with Thailand's Nakhon Ratchasima FC.
as your promise.
Jean said that there were 25 women who wanted to take part but due to the lack of time they could not attend.
Other speakers included ASHA Jubilin from Ranikor Block, Polan Sohphoh, Chairman of Ri Khaiñ Lyngdoh Sakwang, Benjonson Lyngdoh, Secretary, Mawlangwir Youth Association, F. Kharraswai, Minister. Lambokstar Marweiñ, President of HANM, Arbok Kharjahrin, President of HYC Mawkyrwat Circle and Iengskhem Syiemlieh of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
Shillong, March 28: Students of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) especially those of the 2nd year and 3rd year of various streams including Arts, Science and Commerce are in shock over the delay in the opening of the NEHU. NEHU to issue their resolution which they have sent to correct or re-evaluate their subjects because they did not get the marks.
In 2008, Timothy won again from Resubelpara, where he also served as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah during the UDP-led MPA Government from October, 2008 to October, 2009.
There are two candidates, Bah HS Shylla from the KHDA and Grace Mary Kharpuri from the PDA. , following the resignation of Bah LG Nongsiej, as the Speaker of the Council, which happened this morning.
Player Standby: Rounak Nongrum, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Bijon Dey, Himan C Phukan, Manish K Rai, Larry G Sangma.
He said that the Land Recording Officer is authorized to issue the No Objection Certificate for the Mortgage and Land Valuation Certificate and the Non-Encumbrance Certificate.
Let us not be proud that we know, we are wise, we are rich and we are in a high position, but let us be proud only in this one thing that we are a “tipbriew tipblei” nation.
Kesilroi Pala, father of Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA Nartiang, passed away on the 18th of this month.
After the strike, the CoRP and others have called for talks for the leaders of the strike, but the party stands firm on the same ground and that is to resolve the issues at MeECL. , because if it cannot be resolved, it will affect the electricity consumers and especially those poor households, said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
The inspection was for the purpose of construction which includes the improvement and cleaning of the road from the existing PWD road through Rilbong Community Hall to Umshyrpi road PWD road of Rilbong Shillong. .
Besides, one of the BSF personnel also threatened to take him to Zero Point on the India-Bangladesh border and shoot him dead.
My fellow citizens, in the past few months, our state has suffered a terrible natural disaster.
During the visit to explain their positions in many places, it was seen that many voters came to listen to what the candidate had to say.
In our view, the NPP will win from Songsak and Tikrikilla as well.
“According to the RTI reply received from the Personnel Department, Government of Meghalaya on 5th November, 2023, we have received information that not a single department has started setting up Roster Registers.
When asked how he feels that the VPP should not join the opposition when the time to form a government is soon, Ronnie said, “You have to ask the VPP. u bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit"
It was also observed that besides sohtrun and other types of soh such as sohphan, soh pyrshong, the mothers of the area also put in their shops the Ashar which they have already harvested, the Lung Siej to be more. increase the goods in the houses where they live.
He said that if he goes for the UDP candidate, it will be difficult to refuse, because he has a close relationship with the family of Dr Donkupar Roy. He went for the PDF candidate, it's not good because they are in the UPF. So he decided not to campaign for anyone.
The gift of the Holy Spirit also ends when the gift of the Holy Spirit is received.
In the same period of 2014-19, Supriya Sule of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) asked 1,181 questions, Heena Vijay Gavit of the BJP asked 1,096 questions. of the Samajwadi Party, asked 1,025 questions and Rajeev Shankarrao Satav of the Congress, asked 1,115 questions.
The Minister of Infrastructure Development of Karnataka, MB Patil, today said that the implementation of the water supply system for Babaleshwara and Tikota, which have recently been upgraded as Town Panchayats, will be implemented after the completion of the project. to ensure the provision of 135 liters per day of drinking water for each resident.
Nongpoh, July 11: Before submitting its recommendation to the Expert Committee appointed by the State Government to discuss the Reservation Policy for the Reservation Policy, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar on Saturday. Special invitation to the leaders and leaders of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the Reservation Policy.
Whoever goes to live in the border forest, but to the Khar Thor they are gold and silver, which we will be able to appreciate when we don't own them anymore.
This backwardness, poverty has led Assam to take advantage and attack”.
These roads will be painted with an allocation of T.8.10 crore from RIDF XXVII 2021-2022 and will be divided into three parts, one for Mawsir-Mawdulop-Ksanrngi and two parts. for the Mawlang-Mawjatap-Sangkhnai road.
To supply electricity to the consumers, it was necessary to increase the number of lines and substations in the State to deliver electricity to the households.
In the last election, Bah Pala received 3071 votes from Umroi and 5666 votes from Nartiang while Pastor Basaiawmoit received 5640 votes from Umroi and 7696 votes from Nartiang.
Mawkrwat, July 06: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a Sub-Centre at a cost of T.55 lakh. More than 100 houses to be built in Ngunraw village, South West Khasi Hills District.
While the duty of the government/minister/ruling MLA is to bring about development in the entire state, the opposition MLAs have the duty only to point out to the government/minister the problems of the people. in their constituencies and the problems of the people of the state as a whole.
If the land falls under Assam and the owners are from Meghalaya, those lands will belong to the owners of Meghalaya and the same will be true if the land falls under Meghalaya after the demarcation. I'm from Assam.
“This presentation will be announced on the day after the All Party Meeting,” he said.
Nagaland scored 283/5 to take the lead in the tournament.
They and their leaders are fighting to protect their interests and I want our people and our leaders to protect the interests of our Khasi-Jaintia people in the same way.
Shillong, Lber, 02: Three Presidents of political parties have been defeated in the Legislative Assembly elections by the promulgation of resolutions on Friday.
So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
In East Khasi Hills, 233 cases and in West Khasi Hills, 89 cases.
“We urge the people to maintain peace and respect the rules of law,” said the SP. Ichamati and Dalda villages under the Shella Police Station.
Another issue is that there is no vision for the future and how to improve income in the state.
To surrender the villages in Block II when all the villages have been inhabited by the Khasi-Jaintia people is an unacceptable gift and a border speech. There are no leaders and rulers on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya.
Regarding the party's initiative to meet with the residents, Bah DD Sohphoh, one of the leading leaders of the party in West Khasi Hills, said that although the people of However, as it is now, there are many young people in West Khasi Hills who have the intention to join the party and to strengthen in the upcoming elections.
A four-judge bench headed by CJI DY Chandrachud, hearing the case, which has been going on since June and June this year, issued its order on Tuesday.
Speaking to reporters, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that Shah has said that the BJP's victory in the elections from time to time shows that the BJP has been successful in the elections. organization, works on development projects and on positive and depoliticizing activities by the private sector, racism and violence.
Through the inspection, the FKJGP leaders also found that there are parts of the road, which the color has been removed by hand and besides, they also found that the method of cleaning the road. The road is stable and the contractor has not completed the construction or repair of the road.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong allows only those who come to khwai only in the morning and prohibits them from staying inside the river.
This footpath was built by hand on the 14th July, 2017 by some of the residents of Wahkhen village who are skilled in the crafts of siej.
Paiem EP Syiem, present Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, Paiem RK Syiem, Children Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Village Authorities, Kur Syiem, Elders and others were present on the occasion.
Furthermore, as a continuation and supplement to the article published by Bah LG Laloo in some Khasi newspapers.
The desires and plans of the MDA government and the suits and neck ties of the Cabinet Ministers have been lost due to the inability to meet Amit Shah.
For youths who cannot use the internet, please call 8132011037, 8433038716, 9711544148 from 9 am to 8 pm.
The match between ML-10 Football Club and RBYF Iewmawlong Football Team ended in a 1-1 draw at the Inter Dong Stadium at Iew Mawlong.
He said that as the MLA of the area, he is deeply concerned about the needs of the people to meet their needs with the BDO office which is located up to Umling and far away from the road.
Israeli military officials also said about 1,500 militants had been killed in parts of Israel.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The husband of Dwisphida Dkhar, 55, who was killed at Laitmynsaw village in Jhalupara Outpost, has been suspected of involvement in the murder of her husband.
Many times the scheme is like a commodity, which has entered the minds of the people.
Nongpoh: A rubber truck has collapsed and all the rubber carried inside the truck has collapsed while the driver of the truck was standing nearby. NH-6 and Jyntru Village.
In Assam, 111 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 3,4
Until now, it is not known whether SRK has any new ideas to return to the film industry in the coming days.
Holi is a Hindu festival and religious ritual to mark the arrival of the spring season.
“The happiness and prosperity of this North East depends on the management of water resources,” he said.
It was therefore left to the Khasi States Constitution Making Durbar (KSCMD) to advise the Constituent Assembly of India to take the necessary action.
Without making public the terms of the agreement between the two states and without public explanation it is wrong.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that there is no power struggle between the government and the Raj Bhavan of the Governor of Meghalaya over the issue in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He didn't speak even though he was from the other side.
He said that at this meeting it was decided that both the cases should submit a written statement of the cost of work and the Prime Minister will give the final decision on the 11th of this month.
The program was attended by officers, employees and children of the new and old NCC who left their homes early in the morning despite the natural disaster.
Earlier, the Jirang Block Congress Committee (JBCC) had threatened not to raise its flag if the Congress does not give the ticket to Bah A. Lapang. Lamboklang Mylliem MLA of the constituency.
Besides the chief guest, speeches were also delivered by Bah Palwanbor Syiem and the Chairman of the meeting.
There were many people, who brought these stones, to build as a well, and stood to lay the stones, along with the shouting of the people.
In the 35th constituency, Martin M. Danggo of the BJP.
It is also necessary for the cooperation of all to achieve this,” he said.
Syrian Defense Minister Faisal Maqdad said he had shown the UN chiefs that it was the terrorists and rebels who used the lyer bih. sarin gas, in the area where the attack occurred last Tuesday.
Prestone said that a person like Ardent Basaiawmoit is not expected to speak like a person without responsibility.
The right that we are talking about and asking here today is about justice in all aspects of life.
At the same time, she invited the people, civil society and ethnic groups to join hands in this march.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) East Khasi Hills District, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the statement of the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang. still thinking childishly in politics.
According to police sources, several youths who were friends of the victim had arranged to leave for Umsawli.
Meghalaya: A sports mission will be introduced to select, train and develop talented players in the blocks.
The Congress will win more states from the BJP,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Replying to the allegations that the TMC is a party contesting elections to help the BJP by stealing the votes of the Congress, Mahua Moitra said it is a childish talk of the Congress because if the TMC Look at the elections where it contests against the BJP and to condemn it and also in Parliament it stands up to oppose and condemn the BJP for its laws and actions.
They are the ones who established the kingdom, who extended the border and who preserved our rights and customs and also the land for us, our children and grandchildren. the heritage of the people of Hynniewtrep.
The State Government on Tuesday promised to take measures to release the salaries of SSA teachers on time. This promise was taken at a meeting convened by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. In the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma, leaders of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Schools Association (MSSASA) and others.
Shillong: Students who sat for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) at NEHU Centre, have had to wait for several hours to write the English subject examination. the exam was too late.
It is also worth mentioning that the state government has strictly controlled the movement of people with the aim of curbing the spread of COVID-19, by banning even the movement of people from one district to another. On the other hand, these robbers, who don't think or respect the orders of the government, don't want to go to work even to the border of Assam, which is also one of the states in the Northeast. You have been infected with COVID-1
After this, Lei Sohpet Bneng asked the children of the Raij to sacrifice a cow and the cow would be tall, strong in agriculture and without blemish. without don't have to worry about it.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Executive Committee has announced to hold the full election of Syiems in the Hima Mylliem. This is in accordance with the Acts and Rules of the Hima Mylliem.
He said the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
According to Bah Syiem, there are many bills pending in the state government, such as the Land Bill which has been passed by the Council.
They were identified as Md. Barak Ali of Bhangnamari, Nalbari District, Md. Durog Ali of Bhangnamari, Nalbari District and Md. Jonap Ali of Bhangnamari. They are not from Nalbari District.
The opening ceremony was conducted by the football coach of the sports department, Bah Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh.
Regarding the Assam government's decision to continue the PMGSY road, the union strongly opposes and demands that the state government should take immediate action, because of the foundation of the union. “It is because they are afraid that the Assam road to the area will be an attempt to take over all these areas to Assam,” he added.
The first Tata Authorized Service Station was inaugurated in West Jaintia Hills District today.
On Saturday, 16 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
The first police officer to be arrested is Sub Inspector SN Roy for allegedly raping a 13-year-old schoolgirl at a hotel in Shillong on 17th October
On the other hand, the union demanded that the new dewbilat factories should not be approved without proper approval. MegaBond Cement has been allowed to start the construction of the factory without the approval of the JHADC. They should first get the approval from the village or district council and then apply for single window clearance. The villages, the districts and the district councils have already received a single window.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 254 people have been confirmed with the virus and there are 2234 active cases in the state.
Cultural programs were held on this occasion.
“I don't have any information about this and I didn't order the drivers as she alleged,” said Pyrtuh.
The state will hold the polling on 19th June and 26th June.
Malvern Lyngkhoi scored the first goal for Oste Phi Oiñ-B FC in the 61st minute.
Speaking on the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020, Robert said that if the state has the MRSSA, anyone who intends to stay in the state for more than 48 hours will have to provide all the information according to the rules.
The Director of Border Area, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the scholarship is only for those children who live in the border areas.
In Category 7, PFR Team B will face PFR Soccer Camp in the semi final on the 13th of this month at 11:30 pm while Sunny Dale will face St'Thomas at 12:15 pm. .
Therefore, the warnings, announcements in Sohra and Shella are part of the villages can do, even in the villages inside the city, if they feel that it is not safe to allow foreigners who do not know, who, who come, those who work or do what and so on.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: A strange bird, which came to Kutmadan Church in 2006, has been staying for four days at the Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit on Tuesday donated a computer to the Shnongpdeng Upper Primary School.
He said that the sacrifice of the Messiah is according to the rules of the covenant that within 15 years the Messiah should be sacrificed.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said that 3,79,257 people have been infected in the past 24 hours and 2,69,507 have recovered.
This was announced by the NGT Special Circuit Bench of the Eastern Zone held in Shillong today.
He said that as the ASHAs in the state are currently on strike, the union will be with them to support them even if they have to take to the streets to demand and achieve their rights. .
He said that he doesn't want to just talk but 'actions speak louder' to start various projects. As an MLA, he doesn't want to start any temporary road. He is eager to build roads with the assistance of the World Bank by improving the roads, in order to avoid sleepless nights in the coming years.
TB also affects the whole body except the skin and kidneys.
Don't let the world say or say that we are not united.
ai – the world's leading company in intent-driven customer solutions and contact center services – has opened its international BPO office at Shillong Technology Park. The company has presence across North, Central and South America, and in the Philippines.
Why don't they appoint the leaders because they trust us the people because they are elected by us and it is up to us the electorate to judge but our residents in all the constituencies because they don't have enough money don't know anything about it. It doesn't matter if he is a rich candidate or not. He is educated, intelligent and dignified.
The number of two wheelers especially in Shillong is excessive and if the law enforcement agencies do not take strict action against these two wheelers, it will reach the point where there will be more accidents. be injured on two wheels.
Eight houses in Ugram Valley of Chamoli District have been destroyed due to heavy rainfall SA Murugesan, Chamoli's District Magistrate, said that the area is not safe.
During the investigation, the NCB said that Deepika Padukone had cried three times, saying that she was in a WhatsApp group to discuss drugs, but she said that she was not. no part of drinking or drug trafficking.
Matthew 23:13-15.
Indeed, we need to examine carefully the different views on the issue, and we need to look into the root causes of the differences between the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
"He also informed that any signs or posters will be removed within 24 hours and 48 hours after the election.
They will also discuss the MUDA boundary crossing, the amendment of the Service Rules where government employees holding village posts have to submit their names to the government and others.
Shillong: The Director of School Education and Literacy, Ambrose Ch.
To clarify, by this letter I resign as Working President and CEC member, but I am still a full member of KHNAM but I no longer have any part in any decisions of CEC KHNAM from now on. shakhmat,” said Bah Adelbert in his resignation letter.
She understood that he had some evil intention against her but she didn't want to tell or reveal it to her mother because she was afraid that she might be punished.
“This 5 Star Hotel has three main areas for dining and other facilities.
She has traveled around the International Food Shows to showcase these products.
In the last election, the BJP MLA election 2023, the BJP had strongly criticized when its leaders came to campaign here, accusing the NPP-led Meghalaya government of being a most corrupt government.
The meeting held on 9.12.19 at CD Hall Mission Compound, Shillong has decided to convene another meeting with all the Leaders of Political Parties, Civil Society Organizations, Leaders ( MLA/MDC), Heads of Hima/Village and any Youth or Elders/Women who are concerned about the GOVERNOR'S DECISION to approve the ORDINANCE , 2016 which has been approved by the Council of Ministers, Government of Meghalaya, while we have not yet received the ILP as all the Tribal States of the North Eastern States have received to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. State of Meghalaya.
It has been three days since a man from Pahammawleiñ 20mer, Ri Bhoi, was killed by robbers while he was on his way to Lyngkha. the robbers who were involved in the murder.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has sent a letter to the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh regarding the shortcomings of the Child Protection Services (Child Protection Services). look after the welfare of children affected by violence, neglect and other forms of abuse.
The program was attended by the residents, school children and neighbours.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (SYWO) has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and handed over a letter to him demanding the upgradation of Pomlum PHC to CHC. Pomlum PHC is located in the center of Mylliem Development Block which is connected to many villages including Pomlum, Mawkhan, Mawnianglah, Mawrashe, Baniun, Mawblah, Mawrie, Lumdewsaw and Sadew. , Marbaniang, Ladmawreng, Mawreng, Nongrim Sadew, Ritmaw, Mawkohlum, Lumsohriew, Mylliem, Mawsawa, Rngi and all the areas of Mylliem.
I agree with this article.
Many children were also crying because of the crowd and the reason was that the security forces could not release the visitors but they had to check and search the body of the visitors. guests.
“One religion, one friend, one party and one sweet peg” is what Bah Bring used to say.
At the time of Gurnam's death, he spoke to Dr Manoj R Basaiawmoit, who asked for help and in consultation with fellow doctors, it was agreed to send an ambulance to take Gurnam Singh and who is in your house.
“Whosoever is born of God keepeth himself, and the wicked one toucheth him not”.1 John 5:1
He admitted that there has been a directive to all the Deputy Commissioners and SPs of all the districts of the state to take necessary measures for the safety and security of the vehicles carrying petrol to the state.
Speaking to reporters at the office of the Hima Mylliem in Mawkhar, Shillong before meeting with the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Manik Syiem, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Deputy Rangbah Shnong and caretaker appointed by the Hima. The Acting Syiem, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, on Tuesday said that the meeting held on 28.05.2022 was exactly for the purpose of submitting the report of the work of the former Rangbah Shnong, Bah Rap Thangkhiew. kwai ha dwar u blei) and a report on the expenditure of the work, not to elect a new Rangbah Shnong.
He attended the Free Church Institute at Duff College.
Spanish tennis star Carlos Alcaraz has withdrawn from the ATP 500 tournament in Acapulco due to a serious right arm injury.
So far, only KHNAM and HSPDP have included the ILP in their agenda.
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then no place would have been sought for a second" Hebrews 8:6-7
The HNLC has welcomed the joining of the youths who have been arrested by the police for their protest against the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Regarding the inspection of Trading and Labor License by the District Council Police Enforcement, the Village Leaders including Bah Ioanis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua and other Rangbah Shnongs, expressed their satisfaction with the raid. The District Council should conduct such a visit.
Robert Kharngi, Rangkitbok C. Dikrud, Glorynda Kyad, Balarina Hynniewta, Melari Kharmudai and Ibandamer Wanniang were invited to attend the ceremony. They are pleased to attend this program to award them for their achievements especially in the Khasi language.
Referring to the success of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN), the newly formed forest group in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the Minister said that the forces of the insurgency have died and disappeared. in the region and any attempt to revive it by any means is only misleading.
However, the deterioration of the road has caused serious problems to the traffic of the people in the area, as the road is full of snow. Bolero pick up vehicles could no longer move and had to be driven by a puh shilum.
These two roads including the road from Bhoirymbong to Mawbseiñ with a distance of 14 kilometers and the road from Nongthymmai to Khyndewso with a distance of 10 kilometers have been funded through the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY). The total cost is T.17.88 crore.
The Secretariat, which is the seat of government officials from the Ministers and MLAs of the Ruling Party, was closed on Tuesday as many of the Ministers and MLAs were not in the state.
The middle-class children in Khasi-Jaintia who give birth to their mothers receive the same benefits as the new Khasi children to receive scholarships and other benefits while the new Khasi-Pnar children do not receive them.
According to a statement, the Judokas and the Meghalaya Judo Association have expressed their regret and condemnation over the actions of the coach.
He said that the Flying Squad's failure to find anything during the investigation may also be due to the fact that the videos were ringed and that there was no distribution of money. When the Flying Squad arrived at the scene, they did not find anything.
He said that the construction of this road is good but it is not good when you reach the corners because the vehicles are just driving.
He said that education is a powerful tool in this age and to improve education we need intelligent leaders and a forward-looking government to formulate various policies and implement them in the country. He also urged the students to succeed in their studies so that they can reach their goals.
“This shows that the government does not want to protect the citizens, but it is the protector of the mynder”.
“We have also asked for clarification whether the University has been able to provide support for the education in the colleges,” said Bah Kharjahrin. their own choice according to the old syllabus.
He also shared his past journey with other members for the welfare of the college and in the journey they often faced many difficulties.
She said that the kilo cut was also done with dignity and dignity and not without rain.
The state government has also awarded special awards to those teachers who have shown their skills as teachers.
More than 50 students from 38 Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools in Tura District of Meghalaya have topped the SSLC and HSSLC examination their reading, and be honored on this day.
Shillong Lajong FC will face last year's I-League champions Minerva Punjab FC tomorrow at 5 PM at JN Stadium in Shillong. .
On the other hand, the Branch Manager of the bank has promised to take action to provide for the needs and on the other hand, the KSU has given a day's notice to the manager of the bank. .
Everyone should not be treated equally, as children have their own talents and abilities.
Here, the people have witnessed the behavior of these leaders of the MDA government led by the NPP party. Amit Shah's visit to the country.
Extension), KVK Jaintia Hills, gave a speech on the work of KVK for the preservation of plants in the district of West Jaintia Hills.
The program was also organized by the Anjuman-I-Islam leadership and funded by the Central Waqf Commission, Ministry of Minority Affairs, Government of India.
You have to ask who are those people involved in this T.803 crore,” he said. “The Government has put all the figures in the Legislative Assembly and many of the members have questioned the allegations. they are true, whether there is misuse but there is none at all.
Speaking on the occasion, the Adviser to the Ministry of Education, Bah Hima Laya Shangpliang, said that according to the report, there are about 20,000 students who drop out of school between Class X and XII this year. 2020-21.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar, which has been established since 1965, has a major role to play in the service and development of the Ri Bhoi as a whole.
“Since I left the Congress party or became the first member of the Congress party, some leaders have failed to listen to the need to strengthen the youth within the party,” said Vincent.
Therefore, we expect that more and more talented players will come from this region and the State as a whole.
The world war broke out because we had to fight for water to survive.
"“In this regard, the Chief Secretary has been directed to consider so that in the next month he will be able to hold another meeting to extend the SOPs of Covid-1 related to testing, and transportation"
When they came to the place which God had told him of, Abraham and Isaac built an altar there.
They were in charge of preaching the Gospel and teachings within the church.
South Garo Police conducted a search operation and shot dead him after he tried to flee by shooting at the police guarding the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The National Legal Services Authority (NLEA) Shillong has fixed the date for the convening of the National Lok Adalat 2015 on various issues.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed that the polling should be clean and orderly in a peaceful and orderly polling environment.
After these incidents, the news reached the Dorbar Shnong and the Dorbar Shnong called the Nijanduh Phawa on the 19th of April and we investigated.
The Cabinet also approved Schedule IV of the Finance Power Rules 2006, which empowers the DGPs/IGPs/DIGPs/SPs in relation to the expenditure of various departments.
The mother of Purobi Barua said that the protest was against the central government's law against the Assam Accord signed in
This morning , while walking along the Mawlong Market , it was seen that a group of khar die shana were selling shana sahuh without any worries on the same footpath. The KHADC has already investigated.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Tralsing Riahtam as the Chairman of the Dorbar and at the same time the Secretary of the Raid Kongthong.
William Rymbai (7) scored the first goal for Mawsiang and after a few minutes Mawsiang turned the match into a draw. and Snowel Kharsati (13).
He said that as an MLA, he will take care to ensure the employment of the youth in any field so that the youth of Ri-Bhoi District can get opportunities and jobs in government departments. They also requested them to work hard to pass their examinations.
On the 15th of May, the leaders of the Phawa Kur came down and it was at this time that one of the children, Rikhuk Suchiang, fell ill again and ran away without tip people to my house with the crowd following behind.
After the polling for the MLA elections on 27th June 2023, the people of the state and the candidates who have come forward to contest the elections have now decided to vote for the MLA elections. They wanted to know the results of who will win from the 59 constituencies, which party will win the most votes and which party will be in power.
Also present on the occasion were Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, Dr Pooja Pandey, DC Ri Bhoi District, Ma OR Challam President Sein Raij Jowai, NTC officials. They included Bah CB Syiem, Bah Raynold Kharkamni, Development Secretary, government officials, members of the Hindu Society from Nongpoh, senior leaders of the Central Puja Committee from Shillong and other dignitaries of the Nongpoh area.
It is not necessary to teach evil things, but to strengthen good things.
He added that the party wants to preserve the name of this stone, because from the poets, singers and writers have preached the story of this stone, which is well known to these days. days, about the fall of this stone on the two brothers while they were sitting waiting for their mother who was still busy in the fields.
The categories include Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 including men and women.
Speaking to media, the TMC Sohiong candidate, Bah Stoding Thabah said that the party does not agree with the NPP candidate's insulting remarks against the religious leaders.
He contested and won the 2018 election from Mawsynram as a Congress candidate.
Shillong, Nailur 5: A truck has been set on fire in Killing, Ri-Bhoi district while nine persons suspected of throwing stones and blocking roads have been arrested till today.
Meghalaya on 19th June witnessed a turnout of 72.33% voters in the Lok Sabha elections for the two parliamentary constituencies, Shillong and Tura.
There are also women who said that the village received electricity in 2006 and since then the bill has not arrived properly. Some have received the bill once every three months and some have received the bill once a year. It is learned that the bill was delivered to the house without checking the meter but it was counted without sitting and the bill was delivered to the house.
The answer to this question is found in Mt.18:1-5; Mark 9:33-37; Luke 9:46-48).
An investigation was conducted and it was found that there was no dam at all.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow and sorrow over the passing away of Walinda Binong at her residence in North Khasi Hills District. Mody University of Rajasthan, which has shocked the family and loved ones, who also suspected that there may be something behind the death.
He said that the residents of the area have urged the Rangbah Hima and the Village Authorities to convene a public meeting to discuss the issue of the contractor's failure to complete the road.
“Do you need anything to say?” asked Sandra, curious to know what question/information she would get. “Yes, it's just like that, what's your son's name?” asked the woman. “Hiram,” she told him quickly and asked if there was anything.
Shillong, July 17: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shune Lyngdoh, has denied the allegation by Zenith M Sangma that the BJP is involved with the RSS in the state.
Pynïaid said the Council has received T.2.04 crore for the 2021-2022 fiscal year and T.3.45 crore for the 2020-2021 fiscal year.
When I tried to find out why he sold Sha but the price was too high, he replied that he didn't have enough food.
Ukrainian troops shot down a Russian warplane, killing the pilot.
Like other states, Jammu & Kashmir also has a large number of children with disabilities.
He said that there are several other villages nearby, which have appeared in the list of 53 villages, which have not been included in the list.
On the other hand, the Dolloi said that he has already sent a reply to the district council on his appeal and the residents have also responded.
The WTO also demanded that new laws should not be implemented to prevent foreigners from doing business in Garo Hills but that existing laws should be implemented.
The earthquake occurred in the Sonapur tunnel, but it was not cleared by the use of the tunnel.
In the semi final, Kuwait will play against Bangladesh. Seven players of the newly formed AIl Meghalaya Sqay Association (AMSA) have qualified for the tournament. 24 National Sqay Championship which started from 23rd to 26th of this month in Kurushestra, Haryana.
It is a pride that we have been able to hold the G-20 summit, it is no different because we can express and prepare for the delegates so that they can leave with pleasant memories.
Shillong, July 24: U MLA of Rangsakona Constituency Zenith M. Sangma on Friday distributed food aid to 900 households in 11 villages under the Rangsakona Constituency. affected by floods in the past few days.
However, Meghalaya is not self-sufficient.
The tournament was inaugurated by Vijay Kumar D, Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs Department as the chief guest and President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang as the chief guest.
When the mother listened carefully, she remembered that she knew that man because he was a friend of her husband. “If I'm not mistaken, it will be Bah Bok,” said the mother. “I remember that he is a good contractor and they like to work with him,” said Peter. “It's enough if he wants to come out.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 4/5/2024 by 6 pm.
We expect the Government to take care of the citizenship of the authorities but we find that this is not the case because the State Government has not implemented the Land Transfer Act. , 1971.
The match will be played between Nongrim Hills SC and Imson SC at 3:30 pm.
“Even the civilians, who were present at the scene, were given guns and shot with many kinds of weapons, when they heard that we were going to the scene,” he said. Turmeric.
JOWAI: The school authorities and students of Chilliangraij Jowai also participated in the tree planting ceremony on the occasion of World Environment Day and inspected the trees planted in the past years in Chilliangraij, Jowai.
Bansharailang Pyngrope was elected as the President of the TCSU and Changkam Sangma as the Vice President.
There are also some young people who work as contractors in these companies and they too face the same problems.
They discussed the severe impact and loss due to the 4 hour power outage by MeECL from 9 am to 12 noon and continuing from 7 pm to 7 pm. 8 pm every day from last October until now.
These include the provision of adequate electricity to the people without interruption, the investigation into all the electricity projects in the state that have been handed over to companies and the resignation of the Minister of Electricity Clement R Marak as liable that he could not keep his department.
The vehicle was damaged in the incident and police are investigating to find out who was involved in the incident.
She urged the youth not to sit idle but to walk, stand and exercise when they have time as it will help to maintain a healthy body.
Therefore, the relatives who lived in Mawsynram thought that he lived in Thieddieng and those from Thieddieng thought that he lived in Mawsynram.
“On the part of the Syiem, he has promised that in the next few days, together with the party, we will visit the Ïewduh and on the other hand, the party will also issue permits to those bar vendors. states that have clogged the aisles," he said.
Speaking at the meeting, CM Conrad Sangma recalled the goal of his father, (L) PA Sangma who has a close relationship with Rongjeng as well as its people.
According to the organizers of this initiative, the main objective of this initiative is to start raising awareness and promote cooperation between the people of this region and neighboring countries in all aspects of social thought, trade, technology, politics and security.
The Prime Minister said that there will be no confidentiality for those who can provide information on these weapons, as the most important thing now is to bring back the weapons.
However, when they feel rich, they sleep well even if there is a smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, but when they feel poor, they close the markets which has affected the people.
The quarterfinal match on the 14th of November will be between Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Khliehmynkrem at 11:30 am.
Bah Shiningstar Warjri, Umran-Dairy, Ri-Bhoi District.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 17: Although the election for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya is still taking more than six months, in two constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Nongstoiñ and Mawshynrut, the All The India Trinamool Congress (India Trinamool Congress) has already confirmed its leaders and members to work for the strengthening of the elections next year. Presidents of Block Committees, have already become candidates to contest the election.
Sengbhalang leaders from Assam have launched an indefinite hunger strike in Delhi today in protest against the Indian government's law that allows The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 has been implemented to enable minorities from Bangladesh and other countries to become Indian citizens.
In the women's category, Mawryngkneng Block beat Pynursla Block 3-2, Mawkynrew Block beat Khatar Shnong Block 3-1 and Pay For Right Block beat Pynursla Block 3-1 Mylliem Block beat Sohiong Block 3-0
It is not easy for the government to just take a decision," he said.
Preparations for the Synod Service of the KJP Synod Mihngi to be held at the Barato Presbyterian Church, Mynso Presbytery, have been going well, although the government is slow to provide assistance.
Almost all the leading leaders including party President Charles Pyngrope, Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, TMC MLA, George Lyngdoh and other leaders including MDCs from the country were present on the occasion. Garro.
The Durbar Kur Iawphniaw held on 2nd August 2018 has decided to lodge a complaint with the office of Syiem Nobosohphoh to oppose the appointment of the Minister without the election or approval of the Durbar Kur Iawphniaw Mawsaw. other.
The sister of Conrad Sangma has won the election.
The KJNU leader said that if it is necessary to check the documents of vehicles, there are MVIs and if they carry too much trucks, there are DMR checkpoints. He said that the MVI and the DMR checkpoints should be abolished. He said that the collection of money from the trucks passing on this road is even during the day and He said that this has brought shame to the police department and he hopes that the police department will take action against this illegal activity.
She said that there are groups and exploiters who do not want to tell the truth and commit acts against the society.
In South Garo Hills district, there is a polling station at Rongcheng village where the election officials have to walk 8 km to reach the polling station without a road.
Earlier on Saturday, Manchester City beat Watford 3-1 with Raheem Sterling scoring in the 46th, 50th and 59th minutes. Yan Valery scored in the 76th minute and James Ward Prowse in the 81st minute, while Harry Kane scored for Tottenham 2-1 in the 26th minute.
The Chancellor of the University, Dr. Glenn C. Kharkongor gave a presentation on the origins of the Meghalayan Age and why this new era was named the 'Meghalayan Age' Geologic Age.
However, the SCB employees did not listen to the orders that those who live in this area to remove all their belongings from the road and immediately after a while the puh shilum will rob them. building in this area.
Furthermore, in this part of the tournament, the report also said that it is also the end of Kidambi Srikanth's journey from the tournament after suffering a defeat. Srikanth defeated China's Li Shi Feng 14-21 21-14 12-21 in the quarterfinals in a match that lasted 1 hour and 9 minutes.
While Kong Ampareen was giving her speech, some VPP supporters came and shouted 'Ha u Prah' and Kong Ampareen also replied to the VPP supporters that their time is over and they must go home to escape any trouble.
However, we understand that most of them are poor and therefore, we need the intervention of the government so that there will be provision – parents will not have to spend too much and schools will not lose. beyond.
At the same time, Donbok said that Kharbhih has said that the MBOSE tomorrow will visit many schools to find out if there are any schools which have passed the questions. the Exam.
The killing of 22 people inside the prison was the most violent incident in a single day since Bukele took office as president in July last year.
Koren Wankhar (Father), Aibor Tynsong (Hymmen), Idahun Tynsong (para), Merylang Nongrum (Hymmen), C Mukhim (Kthaw), A.Khyriem (Kiaw), Ridalin Khyriem (Hymen) ), Wandalin Khyriem, Iadalin, Jopdalin, Bahunlin, Maphishisha, Mebanker, Kerborlang, Mei Three daughters, the Bakha and all their children.
Regarding the festival in Nartiang, Nartiang, which is the only village of the Khasi-Pnar community which still holds the traditional Niamtre-Niam, celebrates the Durga Puja in the midst of peace.
Among these 7 villages, the first village to walk is Mawmang village which has about 30 households and is about 3 or 4 KM away from Kongthong road. All these 7 villages are from Tluh village which is about 8 or 9 KM from Kongthong road.
On the decision to nominate Bah Beyond as the candidate, Bah Eugene said that this is also his wish because he wants a person who will take over this post and fulfill the tasks that the people want. He must be a person who is able to work and who has intelligence and who has a foundation to stand in righteousness and not who lives in deceit.
“For me, Bah Bring is a mentor,” said Kong Roshan while speaking at the 11th Anniversary of Bah Bring's death.
After hundreds of years of independence from the British, descendants of the British Empire and from all over the West flocked to research and learn about the ancient things of the country. customs and traditions throughout the region.
Even in the places where I have laid the foundation stone, the work should start in three or four days,” he added.
According to the complaint received on Tuesday, the owner of the house where the woman was staying, at that time he heard the voice of the young woman. it screams, it screams, and it has a sound like being tied or tied to the wall of a house.
If Rev.G Angel Jones had felt that there were two ethnic groups in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, he would not have composed the song 'Kynmaw Trai ia ka Ri Khasi' but it would have been different.
Ma KF Laloo in his speech praised the vision of the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong together with Khynroo Khylood to conduct this program and recalled the past times when the village was in the midst of changes. to the young people who have carried the burden of shon in society who are no longer on the face of this earth.
“Three days ago, I received a draft policy in the mail.
Although Kong Rephica works in the Excise Department, but in the middle of her work, she struggles to find time to exercise every day for her running because of her passion for running. not only for work or income, but also for health.
As MeECL is owned by the government, the CSWO demands that no punishment should be given to the officers who took this decision to call for appointment without following the rules.
If these national parties field only one candidate and if the NPP and BJP also field one candidate, they will win together and there is still hope for the Congress.
On the other hand, Bah Paul, Spokesperson of the MDA II Government, said that the Government will ensure that the protests are not allowed to take place, adding that people have their own feelings and who can oppose. He also said that he suspects that there is politicization in the matter and there are forces trying to destroy the tourism industry.
On the other hand, Bah Lapang expressed his satisfaction that the chiefs have come together and showed their responsibility.
?"“I cried but I couldn't, I couldn't cry because my mouth was covered with a cloth.
Can you imagine that the price of foreign dew is higher here than abroad? The villagers will never be able to hold the higher posts, where he doesn't know and if anyone knows, they will harass him in every way so that he will flee and they will bring his own people from abroad. .
We urge the Hima Sima politicians and Government officers to promote sports or to resign from the post of President/Secretary because they hold armed positions and do not work and do not contribute to bring medals for Meghalaya.
Shillong, June 22: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has announced that the fourth Meghalaya Games will be held from 2nd to 6th June 2022 across the venues in Shillong. This year will be the biggest tournament with 2,600 athletes participating in 19 sports, compared to the last tournament (2019-20) with 1,500 athletes participating. part in 14 sporting events.
In this state, we will continue to see young people who will enter the political arena with the thought that they can give better to the society.
Besides Modi, there are other leaders and prominent people who don't hesitate to speak their mother tongue wherever they go.
Haryana Agriculture Minister Jai Parkash Dalal in recent days has issued orders to the Haryana Shahari Vikas Pradhikaran (HUDA) for the purpose of to continue to conduct a thorough inspection of the illegal construction of houses in Sectors 38, 45, 46 and 57 and to conduct a fence if any are illegally built.
Ri Bhoi has won six gold medals in the men's weightlifting category, including Anasthasius Ryndongsngi, who won 107 medals in the men's 73 kg category. points and in the second round with 112 points which gave him 219 points.
For the spectators who wish to witness the tournament, a vehicle has been prepared to park at Khyndailad (Police Bazar) from 6:30 pm to 7 pm on the dates of the tournament.
If this is the case, it will reduce the huri-hura in the Dorbar, and we will see that our MPs have spent time to discuss issues affecting the country.
Just to know a little bit if it may be different from the knowledge of many others.
The Sengbhalang has called for a four-day night curfew from 7 pm to 5 pm.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 sponsored by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) started on Monday in Ri Bhoi District.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: Today, the funeral of Bah Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, residents of Erpakan village, Ri Bhoi, and those who came to mourn the funeral, carried flags. along with placards, which is a sign of sorrow over the rape of one of the Rangbah of the village, who was raped by a foreigner from Assam.
Terrible wars and all kinds of evils arise because their love has grown cold.
In the Senior Men's 60kg category, Pynhunborlang Lyngdoh won the second place, Fibetstar Songthiang won the third place.
The MSOA has prepared vehicles to transport the participants from Shillong to Sohra where the vehicles will leave the IGP at 5 pm on the morning of the 30th,” said the MSOA. added.
The incident happened at Williamnagar market at 6 pm.
The Seng is full of anger, when this happens to the students who want to reach the front in all fields, especially now it is time for them to write the Pre-Selection and Selection and also to prepare for other examinations.
“This shows to the people that they are involved in the crime and for that reason they are trying to clean up and reject any allegations. these events occur in the state.
Nonglang Church is about 130 KM from Shillong and is located east of the National Highway to Riangdo.
“The traffic system in the city is temporary and full of delays and I don't believe that the footbridge at Barik will remove the traffic jam at 3Mer shiteng, Anjalee Petrol Pump, Rilbong and others. places," Mr. Sunn said.
The youth should also meet with various departments such as Industries, Fisheries, Block Development, Veterinary, Agriculture, Horticulture and others for more detailed information.
He wished that the school will grow from year to year, through the hard work of the students and teachers, so that this area will flourish in education.
Ma Octomewot Lamin Nominated MDC of JHADC in his speech said that as a village we need to unite and respect each other in order to bring about development we need to serve each other.
There is only one Kyntoit in the village.
Rakesh Sinha's visit to Pahambir was to campaign for Marian Mariang, BJP candidate from Nongpoh constituency in this year's election.
On the other hand, AMKA has produced more than 200 karate fighters who have won medals and honors through various sporting events in the country and abroad as well. for the past forty years.
The Forest Department will have to consult with the authorities on this, the report said.
The loss of time for children to play; it is the violation of the righteousness of God.
Jowai: Residents from all over the villages in Sutnga Elaka have marched for the second time to protest against the emergence and expansion of coal burning factories in Sutnga Elaka.
All this happened only because of the involvement of the leaders, who started to interfere even in the village affairs, which caused the people to face problems and on this basis the RBYF has decided to He also warned the KHADC that if it cannot hold the Fresh Election in the village within the 10th, the KHADC will not hesitate to throw out everyone and the person involved in the election just for the sake of the KHADC. personal gain, he added.
Officials of the FKJGP who visited the Entry Point included Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Senior Vice-President of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, and other leaders of the party, including Noah Khongstid, u Divos Chyne, Banroi Wahlang and other members of the party.
He said there was no point in calling for talks with the political parties because their minds were already closed.
We don't oppose that if it is true according to the law, but what we want from the BSF now is that they should bring forward those involved in the shooting of Bah Ronning and hand them over to the police so that they can be punished accordingly. the law.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat through this statement urged the residents of the district including those who belong to societies, companies, corporations, organizations and others who have registered as well as those who have not yet registered. SHGs, Village Organizations, Producer Groups and others recognized by the State Government to apply for the CM-Elevate Program sponsored by the State Government. different functions.
They urged the land owners as well as the village authorities in charge of the area to take responsibility to ensure that the area should be clean within 10 days otherwise they will take the necessary action.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong on Tuesday are Lucia Susngi, 60, of Nangbah, Mulang, Veronica Pyngrope, 63, of Umtyngar, East Khasi Hills and Drewstarly Nongsiej. (61) from Nongspung, East Khasi Hills, where the body of the deceased was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
In a statement, Danggo said it is sad to see such incidents happening in the area.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that on receiving the news, police immediately rushed to the scene and the Deputy The Commissioner has appointed a team of inquiry to investigate the incident.
But if the answer is “No", they are not even interested in discussing.
AIFF Acting Secretary General Satyanarayan M said, “The Santosh Trophy is more special because we have brought this tournament for the first time in Arunachal Pradesh.
“Bah Peter also criticized various political parties for going to the people to campaign for elections by shaking hands with each other.
The program will be followed by a dinner party including evening performances for the alumni.
The Sauramandala Foundation is pleased to receive applications from the citizens of Meghalaya to join hands in the establishment of Chief Minister's Youth Centers in different districts and to create opportunities for the development of skills and education. Meghalaya is the largest country in the world.
When asked about the High Court's order that it is up to the government and the Legislative Assembly to implement the Roster System from which year, Prestone said, “We have already filed the Affidavit. The Meghalaya High Court has ruled on the case last year and it is the High Court that has ordered that the Roster System should be implemented since that is, from the year the Reservation Policy came into force”.
Shillong, November 14: The candidates who passed the Gram Sevak Examination for the year 2012 in East Khasi Hills District.
Police have seized seven mobile phones from the suspect from outside Meghalaya. Police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing. to fight against drug traffickers to prevent drug traffickers from entering Meghalaya.
The JYF-EJH, which has been involved with seven organizations, has demanded that the government should release the report on the shooting death of two people from East Jaintia Hills during the protests against the government. The NGT has banned the mining and transportation of coal as usual by the villagers of this district.
:At the age of 21, Phyrnai Kyndait, a resident of East Jaintia Hills and a 4th semester student of Bachelor of Arts, has won the cycle race at the 5th Meghalaya Games in Now.
On the occasion, the Governor, VN Shanmugunathan, personally visited Aitnar to sprinkle the holy water, where he was welcomed by the President of the Sein Raij, Ma. OR Challam together with the leaders of the Sein Raij.
The winner of the final will receive a cash prize of Rs.1,00,000/- plus a trophy and the runner-up team will receive a cash prize of Rs. .50,000/- with the trophy.
In this regard, the union has decided that if the government cannot provide, those without members will not participate this year but will carry the flag.
The KHADC should not strictly enforce the issuance of Trading License to foreigners, should not announce publicly that there are any jobs that are not within the District Council. only to the people of the land.
Jowai: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Jowai, today announced a holiday for the funeral of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. holiday not declared by the government.
Shillong, July 25: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVU) led by its President Mawkordor Nongneng and General Secretary Gilbert G Laloo have expressed their deep sorrow over the death of the Minister of Urban Affairs. Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh has failed to do anything as he promised to them regarding the MUDA boundary crossing to Upper Shillong.
The tournament will not only provide the best service for young athletes from Asia to showcase their skills, but also to showcase their skills. but it will also be tougher competition.
Mondal followed the example of former Speaker Bah EK Mawlong (bam kwai ha duwar u Blei) who recognized the largest group in the Legislative Assembly after no one could reach the number as expected. put in the rules of procedure.
The owner of the Coke Factory is also very sorry for this unfounded allegation without knowing the truth. There is also a Coke Factory in Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, which has been issued NOC since the time of The former Acting Dolloi Sutnga of Sutnga Elaka has been running smoothly, there has been no turmoil since those days until now.
The Court cannot ignore the work done in the past,” said the CEM. Bah Nongrum said the Council will appeal to the Division Bench to challenge this decision.
It is a substance produced from substances known as purines.
They demanded the return of their ancient Palestinian land.
On the same day, he also campaigned for the election in Sibbari under 60-Baghmara LAC.g ...Let the young man find someone to stand by him in the burden of life, which is the power of she shall be to honor and beautify him, and to make him glad with her love.
“I want to warn the country that those who have done wrong will not be released.
We have in War sohniamtra, sohmyndong, sohniangriang, soh kwit, sohmyngngor, sohpai, sohmat, sohsyiem, sohsying, sohlong, sohkhyllah, and others which the world outside Khasiland does not know. even tip.
“This turning of the river has put the people in darkness and those who benefit from this river have been affected and even though we have tried to make this river a tourist attraction because it is beautiful, However, when it turns color and kills the fish, it causes sorrow and loss to the people of the area,” said the President of the union.
He said the IOA will ensure that the council is protected from incidents that are outside the collection of revenue by the council.
After sixty days, I got a headache and went to the hospital for a check-up and the doctors told me that I was pregnant, and I couldn't say anything else but the happy people I understand that I am a very fortunate person to receive this blessing of God and it is through the intercession of Don Bosco that I will have four more children. said Banisha and in the midst of many believers she was filled with joy in the presence of her husband and children.
At the same time, he urged the people of the North East and Meghalaya to remember that this Bill is not over if the BJP comes back to power.
Conrad Sangma said the government is preparing the requirements for the launch of scholarships for students in the state.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister of State for Tourism, Alphonse.
Meghalaya has topped Group 2 and will face Manipur in the semi final on Sunday.
The condition of this road as it is until now has caused problems to the people in coming and going, where for many decades this road has been in disrepair and difficult in coming and going.
From year to year, we encourage the youth to take this examination so that they can become the leaders of the Khadar administration in the state.
He said that many people in Shallang PHC are facing problems in terms of documents to sign such as birth certificates, those who go for check up and other necessary services inside this PHC. This was announced by Pynshai K Bani President MYF Mawshynrut Circle.
As the owner of the school, Kong Laban expressed the difficulties in running the school as the tuition fees are low while the expenditure is high including the salaries of the teachers.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his satisfaction to see that 90% of the work has been completed and the remaining road is only from Sohiong to Lad Mawreng. The entire 264.3 km road from Shillong to Tura will be completed in October 2017, he said.
He has also served as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly for three terms and as the Leader of the District Council for four terms from Mowkaiaw Constituency.
In a statement, the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) in a statement through its Secretary Rev Dr EH Kharkongor said that it is not against the festival organized by the government. to maintain that Sunday is a holy day for Christians and churches.
The Thynroit star is a constellation, or a group of stars.
Shillong: The newly drafted Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB) may not come into force in three North Eastern States and 6th Schedule areas.
“There is no one party, only one.
Jowai, July 20: The Dorbar Shnong Loomiongkjam Jowai together with the Jowai Traffic Police (JTB) have conducted an inspection of the village road to investigate the parking of motor vehicles.
KSU Umsning Circle on the 12th of this month arrested 9 foreigners from 2 buses which had illegally entered the state without proper documents. The KSU members have been ordered to pay 4,000 tyngka to escape from the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat, which has angered the KSU members.
He gave the example of Bah GG Swell who won the MP election four times as an independent candidate and defeated the Congress and the ethnic parties.
This is what the farmers, who are waiting for the vehicles of the traders, to come and buy from the roadsides of Pomlakrai and Lum Shyllong, said that this is the price. which is today and also in the past few months which has been at this low price.
The Nagas and the Kukis are equal to the Meitei.
Services has played in the finals 40 times and won seven times.
You have the right to ask and this is the time for you to ask,” he said, adding that there is no point in asking after the vote.
And there came up swarms of flies throughout all the land of Egypt.
Am I a MALE CHAUVINIST like the men of this wild age? Those two women who escaped from the evil hands of those robbers testify to this writing of mine. truth.
In 2021-22, the CAG said, the Meghalaya government has borrowed T.1,608 crore and paid T.699.55 crore as interest, which is higher than T.112.66 crore. which is the interest paid in 2020-21.
Hek said that in East Khasi Hills District, out of the 21 cases, 13 BSF personnel, one is admitted to the Civil Hospital, One case is a High Risk Contact of the Civil Hospital who tested positive, 2 cases are High Risk Contacts of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, 2 cases are from outside the state and 2 cases are from outside the state. Five personnel from Ribhoi district and two persons from West Jaintia Hills are from outside the state.
When asked whether he will soon take over the post of PCC President in Goa, Faleiro said he is a Congress soldier and is ready to work for the party. Your organization will belong to any state.
The owners of the house immediately saw this incident and came out and drove away these people.
The Congress MLA from Mawsynram has slammed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for not being able to answer how much the state has benefited from the existence of these weighbridges. discuss the matter.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that Sohra (Cherrepunji) is the pride of the country because of its reputation and wealth for having the highest rainfall in the world.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday dismissed all the EMs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). He has also held the posts of Finance, Land, Forestry and General Administration.
According to the Khasi belief, there is a legend that the Syiems, especially the syiemblei, are empowered by the Meihukum to be the collectors of the nap ka bili to cleanse all the jyrsieh in society. lyngwiar of human longevity.
However, on Tuesday, West Garo Hills Police have arrested two suspects on suspicion of committing the crime. Slayer Ch Marak, 31, and Markut A Sangma, 26, both of Chasingre.
“What is needed now is for him to gather information on how many peace talks between the HNLC and the government have progressed in the past years. can be told on this point.
He said that the EC is also preparing to meet with the Prime Minister once again to remind him about the allocation allocated by the central government.
Sixteen teams from East Jaintia Hills have taken part in the tournament which will end on the 17th of this month.
Despite the many obstacles in the state, the government stands firm to protect its villagers to provide proper eye care and to avoid going for treatment elsewhere.
After seeing the shortage, the Ehrngiew Committee went to collect donations from the Seng Khasi households to help in building a house for them.
The children were also explained how to dispose of garbage using the Blue Bin and Green Bin which the Jowai Municipal Board has distributed to the households. The Jowai Municipal Board has improved the collection of garbage by the staff of the Jowai Municipal Board on the day of collection.
So far, no one has been held responsible for the incident.
This happened in Cachoeira Paulista, São Paulo, Brazil.
The piety of the majority is indeed a protection for the Country from the worst evils.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says the number of cases worldwide has risen to 350,000 a day.
“How can I be against it when the UDP and NPP are working together in the State? “If the UDP sits in the Opposition, I understand that,” said Bah Malngiang.
The theme of the Youth Conference is “Together, think good, Symbe is clean and clean”. Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, came to open the Youth Conference. Death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) comprising the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday decided to cooperate in the upcoming two elections.
There were six participants and two gold medal winners were Amos Nongrang and Donbestar Syiemlieh. The tournament was organized by the Club War 21 Four Men's Tournament Guwahati, led by Bah Cores Marweiñ as the coach. Assam”, said Bah Marweiñ.
He said that according to the department, more than 50% of the students aged 18 years and above have already vaccinated themselves and it is time to start the training inside the school. schools, because online classes cannot provide full education to students.
To achieve this, the government has appealed to the teachers to cooperate with the government, said the Minister of Education, Deborah Marak, while speaking at the Teachers' Day celebrations in Shillong.
Jesus spoke these words on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem.
Nongpoh: Four employees of the Four-lane Road in Ri Bhoi District have been injured in a sudden road accident at 2 pm this morning on the NH-6 Bhoi, they have escaped from the tragic incident.
The Pynursla Civil Sub-Division was opened in 2017 during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister of the Congress party. For this reason, the registration of candidates has to come to Shillong, unlike Sohra or Amlarem which has been completed.
We expect the state government to provide us with a copy of the documents which clarify this doubt,” said the CEM of KHADC. documents and rules and regulations relating to the Council in the implementation of building by-laws outside the Municipal.
Some of them expressed that they are suffering because of the illness and all the expenses they have to spend on treatment.
The Congress youths also criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, and accused him of being selfish and threatening to leave the alliance with the BJP. He said that if the MDA government really has a responsibility as it opposes the Bill, it should have shown by its actions and not just by its opinion.
Shillong, July 09: The President of the BJYM Meghalaya, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, today met with Poonam Mahajan, MP from Mumbai North Central Parliamentary Constituency in New Delhi.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: A Rangbah from Pahamsyiem Village has gone missing since 31st July 2022 without returning home since that day. until now they have not received any information where he has gone or disappeared.
Purno's remarks came after the NPP demanded the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs, the Prime Minister and the dismissal of the SP of West Garo Hills. who were involved in the death of Balsan.
“Whether you trust us or not, we are the Supreme Court of India, we will do our duty.
Shillong: The Workers Power of Meghalaya (WPP) will hold a rally to discuss the rights of day laborers.
Block-1 was formerly known as Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang District.
Therefore, we are waiting for the report from the consultants within 45-60 days,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Transports, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Verse three says “And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine”.
This debate is still raging today, as can be seen in various forums.
For more information, please contact
Even in homes, electricity consumption is high.
Ampareen said this in response to a zero hour notice issued by VPP North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum regarding the RTI request by Disparsing Rani. 43 crore has been allocated to fight against Covid-19 in the State.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul, in his speech, congratulated the MWF for its ability to hold this event. He said it is time to create measures to protect the water sources, citing the example of Fatepur Sikri, the capital of Akbar which suffered from water shortage.
In terms of economic development, the most important thing to think about is to have a plan that allows the environment to grow together or grow together with it. the buit of development.
War East: The contest will be between the independent candidate supported by MLA Losing Lakuna and Congress candidate Lamdibok Sumer, UDP candidate Firstborn Manner and BJP candidate Smenlang Kyndait.
To walk from Weinia to the two shyiap rivers through the village takes about 40-45 minutes for those who are unable to walk.
Police received a tip about the incident which happened at 1.30 pm.
In fact, the BJP is one of the parties in the MDA government, but has been sidelined by the MDA coordination committee.
Without discipline it is difficult for a person to reach the goal (3) Joining the army will help to restore the cleanliness of the morning or those agniveers who have retired and will take over others (4) Those young people who wish to wear military uniforms should wear them with pride in their duty for the sake of protecting the country along with the (5) As at this time when our neighboring countries like Pakistan and China are ready to fight, if the young Agniveers who have not been trained in the The Indian Army, Airforce & Navy are always very useful in defending the country, until the arrival of troops from one State because they do not know the tactics of war.
On this occasion, KHNAM will also confirm the new office bearers of the Central Executive Committee for the year 2023-2
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Crech Center run by the Laban Women's Association, which was established in 1982, has been transformed from what it used to be with the donation of Bah Mitchell Wankhar, MDC. Laban-Mawprem who is also the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Kharlukhi has been charged under Laitumkhrah PS Case No. 239 (12) 2016 U/S 366 (A) IPC R/W Sec 3 (a)/4/5(c)/6 POCSO Act and Sec 5 IT ( Q) Act.
However, now it is the villagers, relatives and even relatives who have joined hands to destroy their farmland and crops without any reason.
Regarding this incident, the leader of the area expressed his sorrow to see that the families have been severely affected and some of them have had to seek temporary shelter because their houses are no longer suitable for living. to avoid the lynshop of this terrible storm.
There are 424 recovered cases and 6 deaths.
The Government of Meghalaya on the 17th of this month held a special ceremony to honor the Scouts Masters and Guides Captains who received the District and State Award for the year -21.
They said that there is also an agreement with the government that they have to pay through the Veterinary Department for insurance in case of death of a cow, so that they can get another one.
General Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle.
For the BJP, every time is an election, and the party leaders and staff work hard 24 hours a day and 365 days a week.
The case was registered by the 2nd OC of Pynursla Police Station.
To clean the plates in the city is more difficult, because in the countryside, there are those who say that if you clean the plates, you have won, but in the city it is not so, only time will tell.
Furthermore, when the farmers suffer from bad weather, natural disasters, the assistance from the government is too small, and the delivery of assistance is very slow.
“We are very sorry that the government has called us when it needs us, but now it turns away and accuses us of illegally staying,” said the women who sell in this area.
Referring to the NPP, which leads the MDA government, it too has its own problems, especially since in the recently held Synrai Legislative Assembly, Conrad K Sangma, has been removed from the House. From the right to the left, from the opposition, especially from the Congress MLAs, who have been very supportive of the present MDA government, which has failed completely.
They have lodged a complaint against Bah Hem Khongrymmai at the office of the SDO Sohra.
MDA 2.0 is known for employing defeated candidates.
The register is Rs.400/- and the register is Rs.200/-.
However, within the District, the authorities have tried to do their best by deploying IE Volunteers and Block Resource Persons in each block. He urged the Head Teachers/Principals to encourage parents if they have children with disabilities.
Khan was elected as MLA twice from Nongskhen constituency from 1998 to 2003 and from 2003 to 2008 and was an MDC from the same constituency in the 1994 elections. 1999 and 2004.
Hooid, we have seen that the government has now launched a program to vaccinate against covid-19, but remember that we must be careful even if we have been vaccinated don't sting this disease because many people You have not yet been given the covid-19 vaccine.
The Supreme Court has also appointed Ankit Yadav, President of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) and NESO, as the Nodal Officer for the AASU. complained.
March 03: The BSF of India today announced a plan to smuggle goods including beauty products and clothes worth about 15 lakh tyngka.
We got into that car with excitement.
If the Election Commission allows the use of free money, it would be better for the people to ask for free money from the candidates, and to vote freely as they wish.
Khliehriat, June 14: Two houses have been destroyed and damaged by a landslide at Tangnud village, Saipung C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills District. the two toilets still in good condition.
He said that since Monday, these buses have started operating and traveling about 50 miles per hour and have been appointed by skilled drivers or operators to run the buses. task.
Mehul Lakhani said that his purpose in riding a bicycle around the country is to know the situation around the country, from the situation and beauty. the nature, the customs, the way of life of the people in the different states of the country.
The player has left Chelsea along with other players who have moved to other clubs.
NDTV reported that the Supreme Court slammed NEET for last minute change in syllabus.
The HYC strongly condemns any candidate or political party who uses drugs and alcohol to intimidate the people,” said Roykupar Synrem General Secretary HYC Sengkmie.
We hope that the rain will stop so that we can repair the damage soon and if we can work smoothly maybe after 48-72 hours the food trucks will be able to run,” he said.
Tomorrow the match will be between Mynthong and 7 Wasa Utd at 3 pm.
H.Elias continued to score in the 16th minute through Medonbanshan Kurkalang before Mebankitlang Mawlong scored the third goal for Umpohliew Jingtip in the 36th minute.
Furthermore, regarding the poor rice during the lockdown, he distributed only to the relatives and the shylla clan, she said.
Why is the government slow on this and why is the HPC forcing the government?” On the other hand, Bah Nongrum said that the traffic jam in Shillong has been affected by the ban on traffic on this road. and this place has been closed for more than five years.
The best synsar comes from Jaintia, Bhoi and parts of East Khasi Hills.
She also expressed the need for families and the community to join hands in the fight against the menace of drugs.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction with the reply of Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports, to a question raised by Bah Shakliar Warjri. Gabriel Wahlang, MLA Nongstoin, on the construction of artificial turf in West Khasi Hills.
He said he would meet the Chief Minister to discuss the matter.
Teams C and D consisted of 30 students.
Political leaders in Tamil Nadu have strongly opposed the proposed Draft National Education Policy 2019 to adopt an existing law on the use of three languages ​​in schools. However, he said that children should start from the beginning of their education in schools.
After this, the members of the union informed the Khliehriat Police Station and took them to the Police Station for further investigation.
Her husband died a few months ago and after that her youngest child died leaving behind three children, Aidalin Warjri and two younger brothers.
On the allegation that the government has handed over 56 substations to the Noida Company, James said the government has handed over the 56 substations to the public sector undertaking. private companies as they alleged.
On the other hand, Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, said that the Union expresses its gratitude to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. There is a need to improve and improve the health services in all aspects especially to implement many pending projects in the district as the people find it difficult to go to other health centres. The Minister has promised to take action and monitor these issues besides strengthening the Village Health Committees in the villages, he added.
However, the surprising news of Amit Shah's visit is that many MLAs from other parties have already announced to join the BJP. He spoke on the development works of the NDA government and especially for the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
He said that the sending of the recommendations is as decided at the meeting of all political parties held in January this year, where it was agreed to send the recommendations to the Committee. head to Kong Ampareen.
Meanwhile, Mukul Sangma will address the media in Shillong tomorrow at 1 pm, although it is not known what he will say tomorrow.
Look at these corruption cases that happen almost every day in any department, but there is no civil society to speak out except the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Rangbah Robert Kharjahrin. spirit and lawyer.
“After we have received the notice from the Governor to convene the dorbar, we will elect a new chairman and deputy chairman in the dorbar,” he said.
Kim has decided to put uniforms for her household staff so that they can be together and at the same time the colors that Kim has allowed her staff to wear are Grey, Khaki and Navy Blue.
Pepsi has appointed Ranveer as a spokesperson and hopes that through this tyngshop, the company will become more successful. more to sell the new drinks it produces.
All three persons have been charged under the NDPS Act. The investigation to find out more about the suspects is ongoing.
However, the most sad thing is that the residents of these areas have been harassed from time to time by the Assam authorities,” said Bah Hindro.
Therefore, in this third round of our protest, we will take a stronger decision.
Thakur said that in 2014, when the BJP came to power, only 14.5 crore residents had LGP connection.
The AJCA lost by 130 runs.
Shillong, Nailur 29: Markasa Secondary School, West Khasi Hills, has celebrated its Golden Jubilee on 30th July.
HNLC General Secretary Chesterfield Thangkhiew said in a statement that the door of the party is open if the government is serious about talking to the party to resolve the issues through table.
Minerva Punjab are seventh in the I-League with 14 points.
The HYC leader said that the government's delay in providing scholarships to the students has affected them especially those who come from poor families who have to rely on the scholarships received from the government. part to buy books buy pages.
The National Jal Jeevan Mission has sent several teams of experts to these states to better prepare and implement the work faster.
Even if you don't have a death because you don't have a clean body, but here, there are many who have recovered, have a better appearance, and have been blessed with Corona.
He said that if all the family members are willing to write to the government to stop the search for the bodies, the government will have to appeal to the Supreme Court because there is a case in this matter. the highest court in the land.
In 2020, the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India will not be the same as in
“We also propose that the ADCs should take a decision on many markets including Iewsuh as special places of income which should be exclusively for the indigenous people,” he said. .
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not agreed with the MDA government's demarcation and can stand against it.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Customs (Preventive) D Bhatacharjee said that Moses was brought from Delhi to Shillong after he was arrested in the past few months.
In the end, the dress code not only causes soh pyut, but also causes the poverty of the identity of the nation.
“All those who say that the Congress is a party that has fallen when the party comes back to power, will stand in line.
This is the government's violence and attack on our rights.
Questions that the party puts before the government.
Great Britain men's hockey team has now taken first place from India in the FIH Hockey Pro League standings after winning They won 4-2 goals.
The President of the Association, Bah J.A Lyngdoh, said that on this day, the petition will be read out and sent to the President of the country, Droupadi Murmu through the Governor of Meghalaya. Phagu Chauhan to fight against bloodshed and restore peace and stability in Manipur.
The Rangbah Shnongs said that Mukul Sangma will see on the 30th of this month the spirit of poverty and peace with the people of this state which will also be a memorable day in the history of India. free.
He said that the problem of Langpih is not new, but it has been going on for a long time and he expressed his gratitude that God the Creator has opened the way for him to overcome the problem. He said that he has heard many things from one of the elders of Langpih area. Hindro Samakha, Minister of State, has promised to take these issues to the State Government and to the State Government. Langpih area and not only Langpih, but all the border villages of the State as a whole because during his tenure as leader of the KSU he witnessed many hardships faced by the people of the border area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of 15 cricketers to take part in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The U-19 Vinoo Mankad Trophy will start in April.
He said the government has directed the DC and SP of East Jaintia Hills to take necessary action against the protest.
The NESO said that this is not only an insult to Tailin herself but also an insult to the Khasi people and other ethnic groups in the North East.
The welcome speech was delivered by Blosom Passah who represented the Moodymmai Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday rejected the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC)'s request for up to 500 marks for the personal interview for the post of Magistrate in the Subordinate District Council Court. of within 2 months.
Projects, schemes, planning and execution have been supervised by the MBDA instead of by its own departments.
He also explained how to protect against pests that destroy the vegetables from the time they start to sprout, until they start to bloom and bear fruit.
Those who stay in hotels or halls will be in accordance with the directives of the Government through the Home Affairs Department and should not exceed
This is from a video by Swami Krushnaswarup Dasji, from Swaminarayan Bhuj Mandir, in which he says that women during their menstrual period, if they feed their husbands, so in the second birth. that, I will become a ksew.
How can I receive that? From day one, I told them that we will have a blueprint that is acceptable to both sides – because in this age it is difficult to get land,” said Prestone. He is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC).
Chachat UPS Rongjeng (East Garo Hills) beat Sibsingh Memorial Govt HSS (West Khasi Hills) 3-0
The competition includes Folk Song Group and Solo, Folk Dance Group, English Song and Traditional Instruments.
Several residents have informed the reporter about the danger to the passengers through the bridge.
However, as a nation, as it has happened in the past, the time has come again, that the storm that came to blow from across the sea has once again come to blow again, which is not strong since the beginning of the year. from the beginning, it is ready to destroy this nation completely from this face of the earth.
Shortly after, police arrived with B Ranee, Magistrate and at that time the Sordar of the village, Bah H.Wahlang, came out after a summons from the Excise Department. Therefore, the Sordar of the village could not speak a word because the people were angry and as soon as he spoke, the people turned away. and the words of the words of the spirit came out.
Much has been accomplished and achieved and my presence here is to ensure that the NITI AYOG, although it has limited schemes, is working for the development of the states,” said Bery.
Encouraging and hoping that the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod will continue to grow in the faith and be able to serve the work of God better, Rev.BR Pamshong urged the leaders and and to the members of the Presbyterian Church that we must preserve the glory of God, because while the glory of God reigns the glory of man the world cannot do anything, but if we take only the the glory of man, the glory of God shall perish.
It was in the evening after the residents heard the loud cry of the woman that they immediately went to visit her house.
Shillong, Nailur 8: Earlier, Rupang has received information from several ministers and officials of the Hima Mylliem that they have lodged a complaint against the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and his Executive Committee led by Pa' Latho Manik Syiem in which they alleged that the EC has worked too much.
Dykhar's business tactic!! Doesn't that snap tactic work for Khasi? Hato who Khasi? Is there a greater pride in the Khasi? Is there too much joy and happiness? – Duk was called Nongtuh; The rich man was called the king of Thlen-Taro; If the Khasi shop is closed, what will happen? Don't make all the Paid Khasi salonsar just for the sake of a few.
Although its neighboring countries are larger and more populous and try to invade Israel many times, they are always defeated and the main reason is that Israel's trade is strong.
“Well, you must be wise; but thou shalt be bought and sold.
The Prime Minister said that the investigation into the robbery is ongoing and such incidents should not happen but happen.
Speaking to media, the President of the Kur Kharbuki, Bah Diprilang Kharbuki, said that the action of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima is a tyranny. However, on the 13th of this month, the Syiem handed over the Sanad to Bah Zuberstar Kharbuki to confirm his position as Minister.
The Chairman of the union, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that the union will take other measures of protest if the State Government continues to increase the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, while speaking at a public meeting in Nongpoh, said that these 18 villages have received the water supply.
The new office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing include Balajied Rani MDC Nongpoh as Chief Adviser, Senior Adviser Michael Kharhunai, Adviser Najim Kharmalki, Lastforius Marngar as President, Juban Swer as Vice President. , Prosper Dorphang General Secretary, Rahul Makri Joint Secretary, Assistant Secretary Sweety Mawphniang, Shanlang Ronghang, Robinson Umbah and others. UDP Ri-Bhoi Youth Wing.
Nongpoh, July 09: As the days and times go by, the danger facing the youth is due to the influence of drugs, where many youths are not only in the urban areas, but also in the rural areas. The drugs have started to spread and what affects the family and the parents.
Besides, Bah Dhar said that they have recognized the benefits through the collaboration with the PNGRB for the setting up of Natural Gas workshops in the state and also to set up Incubation Centers from the PNGRB. for entrepreneurs and Skill Development for the youth of Meghalaya, with the commitment to have policy and support from the government authorities to the groups involved.
“We have prepared a petition to submit to the Prime Minister to conclude the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding.
