He said that if the NPP party itself wants development for Meghalaya, it should show clearly where that development is, but they only talk from their mouths and that is why without see the growth of the state.
Although the MACC has invited all political party candidates to take part in the meeting, only Bah Gopalstone Hynniewta, Congress candidate from Mawsynram Constituency, was present until the end of the meeting.
The Minister was speaking by video conferencing at the first ever State Women's Conference held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
“The power outage is not the solution to the problem but it will only bring more problems to the people,” he said.
On the other hand, the Dorbar said that this news has shocked and saddened the residents of the village because of the actions of Rangbah Prakash Sumer. the name of the city.
The BCCI has been criticized by the sports federations for not allowing the 2023 ICC World Cup to be held after the schedule was announced in Mumbai on Tuesday.
Before closing, Bah Damang Syngkong, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, gave a speech of blessings and congratulations to all the children who came to participate in this tournament. you win.
KHLIEHRIAT: The CNE Cell of East Jaintia Hills District has held its first CNE State Conference on 27th June 2019 at St. Jaintia Hills District. Anthony’s College Extension Auditorium Byndihati.
He said it doesn't matter which party he comes from, but what is needed is to continue and not to fight, but to continue for five years.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The clash between the KHADC and the land vendors has turned into a game of hide and seek, as the land vendors have not taken into consideration the KHADC Trade Department. In front of the Enforcement Police, they seized their goods and spread them on the ground.
Earlier, on Tuesday, there were 1,298 cases in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dympep said that the cause of the fire is unknown, but it was reported that the fire broke out in the church, which was built of wood. It was repaired from time to time, because it was an old building.
Therefore, on this day, they should take a pledge to do something in their power to eradicate such evils in the society especially in teaching the youth to avoid and protect children from such organizations so that they can have a peaceful society.
The Seng Kur would like to extend its special thanks to all the Kur members who attended this meeting and expresses its pleasure to announce that the Seng Kur has reached 60 years since its inception. It was established on 25th July
Both the teams have qualified for the semifinals, but Manipur came first in Group A while Meghalaya came second.
“According to the agreement, the Meghalaya government will implement the project for five years from 2005 to 2013, which is eight years,” said Project Director of MRDS Bah A Suting. First with Rupang.
Nongpoh, Lber 16: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle today inspected the Primary Health Center (PHC) at Byrnihat to take action on the complaints received from the residents. residents, regarding the problems they face when they go for treatment at the hospital, due to the lack of doctors at the hospital.
For Tura, Hek said, four names have been sent to the High Command.
A Chief Secretary who does not know the Mizo language cannot be able to work,” said Zoramthanga.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah KK Mawa Secretary PWD Department, Bah Raja Brahma ADC Ri Bhoi, Bah D Langstang CE PWD, Bah U Kurbah, Executive Engineer of PHE, Bah BD Mawphniang, Rangbah Umsaw Nongbri, pastors and elders of Umsaw Nongbri Presbyterian Church, along with other officers and elders.
“The meeting also decided to urge the government to remove the metor drivers from Iewmawlong area as demanded by the people,” said the office bearers of the two kurs.
We are still short of petrol in the state for 2-3 days, and if the state finds that there is a shortage of petrol, the government will direct the Deputy Commissioners to take action to improve the sale of petrol.
Korean leader Kim Jong Un has launched several projects to build about 50,000 new houses for the people as part of the development of the area. the paid citizens.
He added that there can be no Act East Policy.
On the other hand, the EJNC said that it will continue its protest if the DC does not implement the demand for the temporary dismissal of those involved in the shooting of Graham Lyngdoh.
“Until now, the government has not received any decision from the Governor and the bill is still in the hands of the Governor,” he said.
When the time was four o'clock, they went out.
He pleaded guilty to the shooting incident at Gokol market.
“We expect that the construction of this road will be smooth and we hope that the contractor will complete the work within three months according to the guidelines,” said the statement.
According to the complaint filed by Rani against Theodore, it was found that it was Rani who had thrown her hand at them and Rani had taken the laptop. She went to Theomore and took the food and broke it in the shape of the children who were eating at that time.
They were detained at Zokhawthar Police Station before being sent to Hnahlan.
Through this goal, the match has improved on both sides.
Credit goes to the players as well as the coaches who delivered who managed to reach the glory.
Former Kejriwal Prime Minister's Symbud Manish Sisodia, one of the accused in the CBI corruption case, was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate last month. .
Mawshynrut MLA Gigur Marthong has filed his nomination papers from the NPP.
Boys' HSS, Mr. Govt.
MM Thaiang According to a farmer from Block I, the Hati is the most intelligent animal.
According to the state government, it wants to deploy 100 companies of CRPF personnel in the Eastern Range (Khasi-Jaintia Hills) and 60 companies in the Western Range (Garo Hills). The state has shown that it needs T.316 crore for the construction of shelters for these CRPF personnel and T.58 crore per annum for the use of vehicles to transport these personnel. police.
The Ri Bhoi Police Department has produced this film as part of the implementation of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989 which states that there are rules that the public must follow while driving to avoid accidents. such as accidents and deaths.
Besides working hard to improve this new theological institution, Rev. (Dr) John Roberts was also entrusted to take care of the Nongsawlia Church and the District.
Nongstoiñ: The Western Youth Federation (WYF) Sengkmie under the leadership of Bah Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh, on Tuesday inspected the Nonglang PHC. They also met with the Doctor in charge of the PHC, Dr.D.Hinge and submitted a letter regarding the demand to upgrade the PHC to CHC. Doctor Hinge in the meeting with the members of the Seng informed them that the PHC is still adequate to provide services to the people of the area especially to provide health care and health services. Regarding the availability of medicines, the PHC is sufficient except in cases of shortage of medicines.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the first Engineering College in the state in the presence of Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang.
Many people have said in the past that such a market is not needed in Tura as it is a small town, but now this project has become the pride of the entire Garo Hills.
The program was opened by KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit Shibaitlang Rymbai in the presence of Raymond Kharjana, CEC KSU Education Secretary, Damewanhi L Rymbai, Chief Guest, Kwilness Suchiang, General Secretary, KSU EJDU. Satly Ryngkhlem Vice President KSU EJHDU, Shaniahskhem Dkhar Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU, Village Leaders from Wapung Shnong and Wapung School.
In connection with the incident, police have arrested three persons, including the driver, Saddam Hussein and his followers, Igbal Hussain and Rashi Judin, who are suspected of involvement. you don't have to smuggle drugs.
According to the source, Mukul Sangma's seat has been shaken after Purno A Sangma won from Tura and Vincent H Pala won from Shillong.
Employees close to Ghani said he fled along with Hamdullah Mohib, his national security adviser, and another person close to him.
East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer and seized 274.23 grams of heroin worth T.1.5 crore from the market.
The Sohkymphor Congress Unit strongly condemns this unprecedented incident in the village.
Mochut Pyrdung will face Tluh SC, Latyrke will face United Biate in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by Saipung Block Sports Association tomorrow at Lamyrsiang Stadium.
“After the land acquisition for the construction of the entry and exit points, the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) will be conducted within six months,” he said. Sangma while talking to reporters after talks with the political parties.
Shillong, July 16 : U Vincent H Pala, Member of Parliament from Shillong Seat and President of the MPCC, on Tuesday said that the people should not be misled by the political parties. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has joined hands with the BJP in the 2023 Assembly elections in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the MLA and the Seng Samla Dong Mawbynna have joined hands to donate as a congratulation to this young man who comes from a low income family but is interested in education.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : U Minister of C&RD and Mylliem MLA, Bah Hamlet Dohling has requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to build a veterinary hospital on the site of the former government. There is no army in Upper Shillong.
You can say that if you do this, your people will lose their jobs.
The BIS has conducted two case study training programs at NITS with teachers from IIM (Lucknow) and 11 case studies have been prepared.
Jowai: A strong wind has struck Sahsniang and Thangrain-Borato areas which started at 12 noon today and stopped slowly at about 4 pm. :30 pm.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, today announced that Section 144 CRPC has been imposed immediately around the State Legislative Assembly in Rilbong. around the dorbar hall, which is located in Rilbong, and to carry any weapons that could cause injury to anyone.
It reminds me of those singers of the group 'Sore Throat' from Shillong, whom an old man asked in the next step, 'What's the difference? 'U Ksow Trud?' There are many benefits mentioned above, but even the PWD offices which have two or three floors, cannot be covered without more conditions. but it will be up to the Government and the experts in charge of these matters, how they think of doing the best.
For these, except for the parents who gave birth to them and a few brothers and sisters or family members, who welcome them from the bottom of their hearts.
There is a commission for the creation of a new district called United Mikir and North Cachar Hills.
Therefore, the union has decided that if possible, the union will be with the orphanage at any time.
“Meghalaya has got a full state without a proper border and this delay of the central government in resolving the border has led to this bloodshed not only in Meghalaya but in other states. state of this region as well.
She agreed that the party will conduct training sessions to all the villages to explain to the public and after that they also discussed how the party will act with the members of their Booth Committees on the MLA Election All the members unanimously decided to contest the election, but in relation to the candidate, it was decided that at present we will not nominate anyone while the head office of the State, you have not yet received it.
A review meeting was held on June 25, 2022 with DPIIT on the integration of the API from NABL and BIS with the Parakh portal for BIS laboratory data on the Parakh platform. .
Sources said that one of the three children was 2 years old and the other two were 3 years old.
At the same time, he reminded that as human beings, we are not perfect in all aspects, we are perfect in one and lacking in another. to them their share with special skills which they should use for their own benefit.
Rupang asked whether if it was not for the talks with Bah Ardent, whether there were any HSPDP leaders who had gone to talk to him to urge him to return to the party. I am a politician and in politics when they see that I am free like this, who comes?
However, in other countries and parts of India it is also grown especially for food.
Speaking to Rupang, Kongwang, Sordar of Raid Mukertila, said that there is no longer a ban on buses and commercial trucks in the area, as decided in the past few days; However, at the same time, he said that if the promises of the SDO, do not come true in the next few months, then the Raid leaders, will take, by other decisions, to achieve what they demanded, from the authorities.
If one's Right to livelihood would be deprived, then it means that we are taking that person's Right to life".
After standing up and shouting condemnation against NHICL and the State Government, the General Manager of NHIDCL invited the leaders to talk inside the office.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma during the Question Hour in the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly, which ended on Tuesday.
The lack of footpaths poses a serious threat to the pedestrians as there are cases where the residents have to collide with vehicles.
The Indian Army (IAF) has announced that a recruitment rally for Meghalaya candidates who have been selected for the Common Entrance Examination (CEE) held in June this year will be held at Manekshaw Stadium, 58 GTC, Shillong on 5th and 6th November,
The Ngap farmer from Iongnoh village used old ksing which means he used to cut large trees which he bought for 300 or 350 tyngka each.
Tuliram Ronghang, Chief Executive Member of KAAC, Lok Sabha MP Horen Singh Bey, KAAC MACs, DCs, SP West Karbi Anglong and dozens of Karbi residents marched to Khatkasla village to Wah Myntang. vehicles under the guard of Assam Police.
A year later, she had to take the matric examination and all the subjects had to be answered in English except the Khasi subject.
Regarding the decision of the court, ATSUM has also called for an emergency meeting among the indigenous youth organizations to discuss the issue.
“However, it is regrettable that such incidents have occurred, because in democracy there should be a clean struggle and the NPP strongly condemns such incidents,” he said.
He said that one of the strongest tools to improve the service is the registration of the citizens of the State.
So far, there are 2,028 policemen infected with covid-19 in Mumbai and these include 82 members of the State Reserve Police Force.
Shillong, November 06: “Like the Congress party in 2014, the NPP, which started to collapse, has fallen asleep at the last minute to open and lay the foundation stone,” said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
It also elected Bah KP Pangniang, former Rambrai MLA, as the interim president of the party until the time comes to elect the full president.
He said the police did not arrest anyone but let them go after they said they would stop protesting and go about their business.
There are 10,58,929 male voters and 10,81,342 female voters.
Also present at the closing ceremony were MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and others.
Newhill scored two goals in the first half through Gabriel Lakashiang (28) and Rowel Dkhar (45).
Although Lumdiengjri is a village that fights with foreigners, he said the Dorbar Shnong has passed a law that it cannot issue new NOCs to foreigners for Trading License.
Because – “The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you”.
Shiva Thapa (52) has committed suicide in Salaroh, Jowai.
He praised the school and wished it to continue to grow in the years to come, even though it is not as prominent as other schools in Shillong.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that the construction of the Pung Umiam Bridge is ongoing and the maintenance of the bridge will continue until the 30th of this month. moon.
Media reports said that these 4.5 lakh people have proper documents to claim Indian citizenship.
Shillong: Many medals have been won and many friends have been welcomed during the nine days of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which ended on Tuesday at the closing ceremony of the 2nd North East Olympic Games. in a very calm manner.
On the other hand, the party under the leadership of Bah Ban Kharnaior as President in the presence of members of Ri-Bhoi including Bah Kenny Nongrum, Apbor Nongrum, Elvis Kyrsian, Moonshai Maring and others. St. Francis Umbir, MeECL Secondary School Umiam, Mynken Higher Secondary School and others to meet separately with the students of these schools for the purpose of discussing their studies to become students who have the desire and aspiration to reach the goal in their lives.
He also wanted to know whether the Government will take responsibility for the failure to arrest Bah Thangkhiew.
Conrad K Sangma also visited the AMPT road which has been severely affected by the heavy rains in West Garo Hills.
A home can be defined through the people who live in it, not by the objects that populate it.
SCA-A were bowled out for 61 runs in 23.1 overs, which means that EGH will face Tura DCA in the final today.
This day of Thooh Langdoh, according to the religious teachings of the children of Ñiamtre, is known in one word as the day of 'Sang Sngi', the day on which the children of Niamtre refuse to do these things. The last part of this Thoh Langdoh Day is the planting of riewhadem and sohkhia seeds in the garden of the Langdoh's house which is known as 'Ka Thung Sang' '.
KSU under the leadership of Bah John Lyngdoh President Nongpoh Circle today rushed to the office of the DMHO after a complaint from the candidates. The DMHO in Nongpoh has immediately suspended the recruitment process which has misrepresented to all the applicants that they are existing persons and are the personnel of Ministers and MLAs and urged the DMHO office to clarify. and to resolve the issue and to stop the interview while they have not been able to resolve it.
According to the complaint of the father, it is said that this behavior of the son has been happening from time to time.
Is this because the people who come and go don't care about the market or is it because of some other reason?
In my opinion as a child who tries to investigate, the leaders who have been appointed by the people seem to lack knowledge but courage. India and other nations.
A statement from the office of the Joint Secretary said that the ambulance vehicles are new and anyone can check the mileage of the vehicles to verify.
Also present on the occasion was Kong Ladaplin P Hayong, President Girls Wing Jaintia Circle.
At this time, those who are strong, those who are in power, those who have nothing should be encouraged and renew their minds.
Then the employers should contribute 3.25% = Rs.487.50 to ESI, 3.67% = Rs.550.50 to EPF and 8.33% = Rs.1249.50 to EPS. + Rs.2287.50) = Rs.4200/- per month.
Therefore, the Workers Power of Meghalaya urges all the employees to take advantage of this financial assistance scheme prepared by the Government and believes that the preparation and arrangements will be transparent and that all the employees under the States shall receive this assistance without discrimination on religion or ethnicity and without discrimination.
Special programs for the 75th Independence Day Week Celebration include an Essay Competition on Mahatma Gandhi, Fancy Dress Competition according to Mahatma Gandhi's dress, Slogan Writing Competition on Mahatma Gandhi. Independence Day and others and all the competitions were held online in which the Scouts-Guides had to participate or do from their homes.
On the part of the Administrator of Nazareth Hospital, Sr Noreen, she said that Leiyaton Soro is a hardworking and hardworking employee who has been appreciated by everyone.
They said that according to the order of the Supreme Court in 2009 to pay adequate wages to all those who work part-time or full-time when they have the same rank or job.
“We are very sorry because before the elections they come to deceive us while three years later when they win they disappear.
Everyone should be vigilant especially in the two or three days before the polling.
He said that this is the first time that such a program has been held and the JSU has organized this meeting to encourage the residents of Block-1 to be happy and not to be afraid. long marwei look for those who are in one place.
Furthermore, Bah Phrang Roy through his speech stressed that the riewlum are the leaders who can bring about change because they are the farmers and caretakers of the natural resources.
Shillong: “It is sad that the Government, on the one hand, says that teachers are seen as the shapers of the future of the children, but on the other hand, they are seen as the shapers of the future of the children. “They are like gifts,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs, at the annual meeting of the Khasi Jaintia. Deficit School Teachers' Association (KJDSTA) today at the SoSo Tham Auditorium.
On the same day, Soloni Bareh, Principal of Riwar Mihngi College, Pynursla, was also welcomed by the leaders of Pynursla Mandal. Arena Hynniewta, who is preparing to contest as the BJP candidate from Shella Constituency.
It has decided to convene a meeting of MLAs, MDCs, People's Leaders, Rangbah Shnongs, Youth and Women's Wings in Shillong and surrounding areas on the 13th of this month at Shillong Polytechnic. , Mawlai from 11 am to discuss and reflect on these issues which affect us as the people of the State.
East Jaintia Police have arrested 22 smugglers into India in the past two months. around the area to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
To improve education, we need qualified teachers (to enter the teaching profession).
When asked, Bah Tynsong said, “On the recommendation of the Committee, we cannot disclose it now because it will be a report on the next issue, which the two Prime Ministers have decided. and what remains now is for the two Prime Ministers to take a decision".
At this meeting, the union lodged a complaint against the work in the village worth 27,98,640 lakh, which is under the MNREGA 2011-12 scheme, which started on 31st March 2011 and ended as written in the well, on March 27th, 2012.
We need to appeal to the Government with one voice as responsible citizens in the form of a Memorandum, so that it can address our issues, because without knowing it at the desk of those who hold the it is useless to sleep only in the house and in the field.
However, our beloved leaders have become like robbers who live for thousands of years to go to Delhi and change the lives of the people of Hollywood and Bollywood.
Through this registration, they can be easily tracked if anything happens or they do anything,” said the Principal Secretary (Home) KS Kropha.
Campaigning for the RDA candidate at Jatah, Mawkynrew today, Metbah said that the people should not elect MPs to get schemes, but MPs should advocate for the issues of the people.
“From now on, the members of the group around the government programs where Conrad, Prestone and other government ministers have come to take part, we will go to disrupt their meetings and ask questions. “What have they done on the Resolution to get ILP in the state, the Resolution to recognize the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and other issues,” he said.
On the other hand, the HYC said that in the coming days it will write a letter to the Prime Minister to demand that he should look into and do something to ensure that the money of the people is not wasted.
Nongkrem MDC Bah Lambor Malniang said that there was a shortcoming in the operation of the EVMs in the last elections and said that the Council should not use the machines in the upcoming elections. but it shall not be done by the books as before.
Police arrested them while they were busy distributing demand letters in the area in the evening.
On the other hand, Dr Vinod Kumar Paul, Member of the NITI Aayog, has directed everyone to wear masks indoors or when traveling outside and to get injected. covid 19 disease.
Meghalaya scored 220 runs after winning the toss and elected to bat first. Meghalaya scored 220 runs in the first innings. Meghalaya scored 53/1 for 169 runs.
Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition and MLA of the area, admitted that the company does not have the money, but defended it by saying that the government has already discussed it well in the Assembly. which is not yet over.
“At present, the students of the school still have to attend school in the old school building which causes a lot of problems not only to the students but also to the teachers especially during the rainy season. “It's not because of the destruction and burning of tin sop,” said Bah Marngar, adding that the party will not rest but will continue to monitor the matter.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 05: As part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM), the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Planning Department), South West Khasi Hills District has held a Self Help Group (SHG) Mela. -cum-Financial Literacy Camp was held at Khangkhlak Village under Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Regarding the power outage, the residents of West Khasi Hills said that during the months of July to July, they believed the claims of MECL that the power outage was due to the low water level in Damsite. .
“Why don't you go home tomorrow Sunday? The mother asked.
Tomorrow, 21st October, 2020, we will hold a Coronavirus Awareness Day (CAD) in all government offices, banks (public and private) , schools, public places and markets will be closed, as well as no public transport.
Nongpoh: After inspecting the Entry Point at Umling, FKJGP leaders in Ri Bhoi District have found that the government has not taken action according to their demands. Entry Point, the FKJGP in Bhoi, has vowed to set up their own Entry Points, so that foreigners cannot enter the state easily.
At the meeting, the leading supporters of Bah Sunshine Makri decided that he should contest from the United Democratic Party (UDP) which has not yet announced its ticket from Umsning Constituency. On the other hand, the supporters expressed their gratitude by raising their hands.
Speaking to reporters, MIPF General Secretary Donboklang Khongsit said that the talks are going smoothly.
Speaking at the program in Mairang, Bah Alan B.Rymbai, District Sports Office, West Khasi Hills, said, “There are three Ds which are the foundation of success – Discipline. , Determination and Devotion.
Hebrews 10:9 So when Jesus ascended the cross and before he died, he said, “John 19:3
Mbappe has rejected PSG's contract extension from 2024 to
The Government of India has issued a strict rule for drivers and there is a reason for that and we don't know whether the State Government accepts or approves this rule. charges the highest price and refuses to travel, is the most popular in Shillong.
The time when God will take away the Holy Spirit from the earth before Satan rules for 3 and a half years.
Bindo said that not only those religious groups, who respect Lumshyllong, but all respect it because the drinking water comes from Lumshyllong, which the people in parts of Shillong get. he shall not drink water.
The Director of Agriculture, GMRA Marak, said that the death of pigs in the state did not happen on the same day, but happened since mid-October. continues to this day.
In a letter sent to the election commissioners as the Congress leader in the state, he said that 224 out of 236 constituencies have been severely affected by the floods. dry.
Thomas said the decision not to contest the 2023 MLA election was taken at the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting held in the past few days.
“The city of Tlang was promised to the people of Garo Hills since 50 years ago when the state was independent and this work has been continued by the former leaders which was announced again after the signing of the social peace agreement. " he said.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Chief Executive Members of these two districts held at the DC Jowai office on Tuesday.
He denied the allegation by the Governor that the University offers B.Ed Degree through the Distance Education program is untrue.
James H.Mawphniang said that we are living in these days when the time demands the struggle not with the sword but with the brain and the spear. education ends only when you seek state government jobs.
The race is also fully recognized by the Athletics Federation of India (AFI), and is the only race to have achieved the title of the most famous race in the North East. the whole country.
“Lahkmen Rymbui of the RDA, Lambor Malngiang of the United Progressive Alliance (UPF) and Timothy D Shira of the NPP have appeared to contest for the post of Speaker of the House. said an MDA leader who did not want to be named.
We have many intellectuals who do not have ethics and much less moral courage.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Conrad said that only one name has been submitted for the appointment as Chairperson of the committee.
Referring to the final of the 4th Berchem Cup, Dubakh women's team after a tough match defeated Dubakh women's team. SYM beat Nongpoh by 67 to 50 baskets while in the men's category, Monarch beat Nongpoh by 100 to 64 baskets.
When writing about the “Khasi Pnar people” he wrote under the name of HS Lyngdoh.
DC Garod LSN Dykes urged to take responsibility for the development of the district and his knowledge has brought glory to the district and the state as a whole.
There are still about 9 months left and it is enough for the Opposition to prepare the procedures for the elections which can shape or clarify to the people their position.
The CAG report said that medicines worth Rs 8.72 crore were distributed to health centers and about Rs 2.90 crore of the medicines spoiled after expiry.
This happened at about 11.30 pm when unidentified persons entered the Umladang Polling Station and broke the EVM. Affairs said that due to this incident, the polling station had to be suspended.
The Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony in a notice has requested all the owners of land from the Community Hall to Jowai Bypass (near Wah Myntdu) to come and meet the Waheh Shnong on the 13th June at 9 am. :30 am.
Not only that, peace and order has been broken and violence has taken over the state.
The prize money is T.1 lakh and T.50,0
Speaking on the demand for ILP by all political parties and the passage of the Resolution demanding ILP by the Legislative Assembly on 19th 2019 after the passage of the CAA, he said that the it is only a deception to the people.
The CM said this while celebrating the 10th Anniversary of Yess Meghalaya at the Banquet Hall, Pinewood Hotel on Monday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Doloi urged the residents of Jowai to participate in democracy as it will strengthen the foundation of society and ensure that the future of democracy will be brighter. shine.
While Vitamin C appears to be vital for the body's functioning, many people want to make sure that they are sufficiently supplied with this vitamin.
One study suggested that 500mg of Vitamin C in your daily diet helps especially with headaches.
Shillong: The MDC of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that the contest for the 2023 election between Alexander L Hek, MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and Bah Alexander L Hek, MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. enjoyed playing the hard game myself.
Shillong, July 14: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will visit Meghalaya and Assam from July 15 to 17,
According to the allegation, the total number of votes counted on the polling day on the 27th of June did not match the counting counted on the 27th of June. .
“I have tried to remind the Chairman and Secretary of the RDA since November, 2021 that meetings should have been called more often but the HSPDP respects the RDA and we need to There will be an RDA and the cooperation of the ethnic parties as we (HSPDP) need and let us move forward,” he said.
Referring to the influx of people into the state, Lambokstarwell Marngar said the state government should wake up and take the necessary action.
The Congress has clarified that the objective of the march is to immediately end the “anyay kaal” (the era of injustice) under the Narendra Modi-led government, before the Lok Sabha elections.
However, ROM is also random access as well!!? And when you ask what random access memory is, you don't know even computer science teachers don't know.
Ms Sna accepted the proposal of the State Government through Meghalaya Startup in 2019 to become her own entrepreneur.
In addition, these have been confirmed through documents from various government departments.
He urged the office bearers of the Primary Units and Circles within the Makyrwat Constituency not to listen but to inform the higher authorities as they are ready to give advice and assistance. any parts.
The rules of procedure clearly state that every government employee should be responsible for his or her own duties, he said.
Special songs were performed by St. Cecelia Choir and Genevive Khongji.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) has said that the entry of tourists to Lum Shyllong will continue to be restricted until further notice. military.
The longtime coal trader to Bangladesh said that the increase in the smuggling of sugar and piat to Bangladesh is due to the sudden increase in tax in Bangladesh from 1 BD Taka to 35 BD Taka. smugglers were made to take advantage and do whatever they wanted.
The money was released on November 21, 2020 for teachers under the Samagra Siksha Abhiyan (SSA) programme.
The bus has been equipped with all the necessary equipment so that parents, through the mobile app, can find out where the bus has arrived and can book a seat online.
If you listen to what the spirit says you will be a star for yourself and others.
He also invited and encouraged the students from nearby schools to come to the laboratory to use it whenever necessary.
“We will hold a meeting to discuss how to do this to get the salaries of SSA teachers,” she said.
The President of the Managing Committee of the school, Bah Donbor Marbaniang, expressed his gratitude to those who donated.
They said that this reduction in the card has affected the time when the corona virus is spreading in the state and many of the youth are old enough and it is useless for all the preparations. They don't agree with the government's decision to extend the police recruitment year for several years, but they don't agree with this year.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, TH Radhesyam Singh, President of NEOA; Bah DP Wahlang, IAS Chief Secretary, Ministers of Sports Departments of the five participating States, officers, office bearers of MSOA, office bearers of State Associations, officials, athletes and public.
But the understanding that the world is one is a deep and spiritual understanding,” said Pastor Mohrmen.
Thabah said that PA systems have been installed in all the villages in Mawthadraishan Constituency and many churches.
Nongpoh MDC Balajied Ranee, Mawroh Rangbah Shnong Opel Lyngdoh, members of the Village Committee, Seng Longkmie and youth of the village were present on the occasion.
But now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity (1 Corinthians 13:13).
Another person has no compassion for his fellow man, because his conscience has begun to disappear because he has been overwhelmed by selfishness.
He said the selection of schools was done after a thorough assessment of their condition, especially those which have been abandoned.
He said that after the state government has taken action and appointed experts to inspect the site immediately, the CEM has urged to wait for the The report is not available to experts.
It was learned that there are villages in the rural areas, which follow and believe in the orders of the government, but the surprising thing is that some villages even in Shillong do not understand the need to follow the orders of the government. government.
“It is the MDA government which has taken the initiative to appeal to the SC and now it has received a pleasant decision,” he said.
As citizens we have the right to speak out and take to the streets when the price of goods has increased too much so that the government can understand that it should not count sting the people.
Police sources said that the suspect was arrested after receiving a complaint from some youths who alleged that the suspect had cheated them by promising to get government jobs. He has also taken tens of thousands of rupees from them.
She said that even the parents have not agreed to send their children to school, because if the children come to school they will have to come by car and meet them. people on the road.
In this regard, we must remember, that the mass protests, have been held almost throughout the year 2019, organized by various organizations and the main issues of the protests, are ( i) Inner Line Permit and (ii) Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and it may be recalled that the protest was marked by a vehicle ban, search of foreigners and then After the death of a KSU leader from Sohra, the KSU leader from Sohra has been shocked by the clashes in Ichamati.
Why do you fail? It's because you're right.
“The championship is organized by the Sqay Federation of India to select teams from all over India to take part in the 37th National Games to be held in Goa in March
AGP MLA from Tezpur Brindaban Goswami and BJP MP from Mangaldai Dilip Saikia have tested positive for covid-1
The MMSA is also shocked to see that the Principal Secretary of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, has sided with the IIPH authorities instead of protecting the people or listening to what the DHS ( MI) has said that the incident happened on 27th June 2022 at NEIGRIHMS near Pasteur Institute, Lawmali.
The KHNAM party, the BJP party and now the UDP party have expressed their concerns about the delay in the working methods of the MDA coalition government even though they are in the same government.
Police of Khliehriat Police Station on receiving information about the incident, rushed to Ummulong Out Post, West Jaintia Hills District and took the body to the morgue. at Khliehriat CHC and after completing the legal procedures on Tuesday morning, the police handed over the body to the relatives.
These are the truths that the gods of the earth have destroyed.
They will display the BBBP logo on their shirts and banners as a sign of their support for this.
The wooden bridges today are a testimony to the wisdom of the ancients to care for and protect the environment.
On the same day, mobile tablets were also distributed under the CM Digital Learning Aids Scheme.
He said that in fact the government should have ensured that the companies that come to work on roads and other works in the state, come to all the works that the state owners can do. It should be employed by foreigners, especially the villagers and indigenous people, because in these companies all the youth and villagers from the state have learned to work except for a few. you don't know.
The Greta Solutions Training Academy has distributed cooking equipment to 52 youths who have completed the Street Food Vendors-Standalone Training as part of its efforts to encourage them to stand up for themselves. and the feet shall be set up.
Therefore, the Khasi Jaitbynriew should not fall into the trap of changing the custom of shim jait.
Perhaps there are students who, through their teaching, have become intelligent students and have risen to higher levels.
Other issues discussed included how to fight against and prevent crime, Covid-19, traffic jam in Ladrymbai and others.
Latip said the Council is currently seeking clarification from all four districts on how many Trading Licenses have been issued so far.
While he was cleaning up his work, his father came out. “How are you doing?” he asked.
Price Stabilization Fund The prices of some horticultural products especially piat, rice and shana dai are uncertain.
Pynshailang Lyngdoh scored 23 runs for the loss of three wickets for SWKH.
In Pool E, Mukhla Raij, Panaliar and Evergreen Mukhla are the winners.
MCH Hospital on 18-06-2021Death on 23-06-2021Kumar Warjri, 58, of Mynso 8th Mile Barato, Jowai, died at Civil Hospital Shillong on 21-06-2 23-06-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbidities.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Saitsohpen, Sohra in the presence of Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne, Working President of the NPP Shella Constituency, Bah RM Shabong. Jied Kurbah, President of the NPP East Khasi Hills District, Bah Aibor Tynsong, NPP Leader from Pynusla, Bah Jansing Tynsong, former MDC of Pynursla.
He said that the Chief of Army Staff has been ready to resign from a private hospital in Hyderabad and has come to work at the PHC in Saipung. A Colonel and pediatrician who has served in Sudan and elsewhere in Africa and is also a member of the United Nations Peace Keeping Force.
(Don’t underestimate the Power of the Common Man, lest Greater Evils befall)”.
The Draft Meghalaya Youth Policy can be downloaded from the website www.meghalayayouth.com and the Government invites the people of the state to send their comments by the 30th of this month by sending them to the e. -mail to this email address: wanrieabagailbooth2@gmail.com.
Avoid anything that does not bring good and make the most of your time.
Prices of rice and other food items have risen in Meghalaya due to smuggling of goods to Bangladesh.
Another need in New Shillong is the thousands of acres of garbage dump which should be equipped with the necessary facilities to process the garbage into fertilizer or oil and so on.
The meeting was attended by more than 500 Rangbah Shnongs and dignitaries including Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, Justine Dkhar MLA Khliehriat and Stephanson Mukhim MLA Amlarem, CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, Dy.CEM, AA Shullai, Chairman of JHADC, Arborhima Darnei, EMs and MDCs. Speaking at the meeting, Army Lypon and Pdianghun Dkhar Secretary congratulated the EC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat for passing the Act to empower Rangbah Shnongs in Jaintia Hills.
To be a leader is not easy it is a very difficult task, the shepherd shepherds 50 sheep he has worked very hard to shepherd them, Ah how much more difficult to lead and and the children of thousands, which were numbered of thousands, were numbered.
NOTE – 1252.
After the recommendation of the committee, the party will submit it to the government for approval, he said.
On the day of the ceremony, after the completion of the shat ia khein, there was a warning from the leaders of the party, in which many speakers gave speeches.
Mawkyrwat, July 26: The preparations for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections have continued with the influx of supporters of various parties. The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawkyrwat Circle has welcomed thousands of supporters of other parties to become its full supporters.
“There are patients from my constituency who are ill, but no one has accepted their MHIS. “We the people's leaders should not use such things and we cannot do it again when the people of the constituency are facing problems,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Although the storm lasted longer, it did not cause much damage, although reports said that many houses were destroyed in Umniuh Tmar village, about 24 kilometers east. from Pynursla, in the strength of the storm.
One of the issues is regarding the roads in the area where the Mawkyrwat-Mawmerang-Rangthong road which falls under the jurisdiction of the Public Works Department (Rn) Mawkyrwat Division has been badly damaged. you are now.
There are also those who say that when he employs his employees from 9 am to 9 pm for seven days, how can they still have the authority to use
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Mairang candidate Bah Lambok Nongrang said that the main goal is to win this election with the support of the people in the state. The entire Mairang Forest area.
Besides the wreath laying ceremony at Mot Tirot, there will also be a public meeting, where the youth will showcase to the public the richness of the culture and traditions of the Khasi people. There will also be songs by school children and famous singers of the country, such as Bah Banker Kharkongor, Anthony Jana, Bah Kulshan Rani, Kong Adalyne Khonglam, Kong Bateithymmai and others.
The President of MSSASA said that the Non-Cooperation Movement and the letter campaign to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Education will continue.
But the Ryntih did not create the world.
When he received the wealth he left the house and went to confess his sins until all the people knew of his sin.
“You think the High Level Scrutiny Committee before the CBI report which has been delayed and also the corruption found against the CEM of JHADC Bah MB Rymbai who has committed others will be punished according to their actions” , said Mr. Dkhar.
There are 39 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 26 in West Khasi Hills, 29 in West Garo Hills, 12 in South West Khasi Hills, 1 in South Garo Hills, 1 in South West Garo Hills, 1 in East Garo Hills, and 1 in North Garo Hills.
It is to be recalled that the Leader of the Opposition went to the White House after the election and appointment of Chairman in the Council was against the Constitution of the District Council. Lakhon Biam, Chairman of the UDP, but after being elected as Chairman, has joined the BJP along with three other MDCs. Fineliness Bareh MDC Khliehriat-Rymbai was elected as the Chairman and Ailad Bhoi MDC Wahiajer was elected as the Chairman.
The focus will be on increasing Government expenditure and private investment through trade, tourism, agriculture and others.
The players who will compete in the tournament include Ribasuk Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Banbatjuban Khongwir, Baniyakyrsoi Khongwir, Mickey Khyriem, Angel Mary Mylliem Umlong Khun Syiem, Everson Thangkiew, Alexion Roy Mylliem Umlong, Alan Sun Kishore Chet.
Speaking at a meeting with Congress workers at Nongstoin Congress Bhavan, AICC General Secretary Meghalaya Dr Chellakumar, MP from Tamil Nadu, on Tuesday said that the Congress party is the only party in the country. There is no difference between small and large, but all are the same throughout India.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh has expressed his regret over the decision of two MDCs Paul Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw to join the United Democratic Forum (UDF) led by Latiplang Kharkongor. the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Guwahati: Assam has reported 936 new cases of H1N1 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 15,5
Shillong, Natiung 28: U Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Lathoh Manik Syiem, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the work of the Executive Committee (EC) led by Bah Ardent M Basa. .
If a Khasi man cleans, breastfeeds, cooks and leaves children as she says, does Smti Juliana Kurbah have time to come and inquire who is sitting in their offices? The Hima Dorbar Syiems and the Secretariat as well.
Shillong, June 08: A group of bookies who operate teams around Shillong, suburban villages and other villages in Meghalaya have alleged that the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute ( KHASI), Shillong is still running the team writing business despite the lack of a license although there are only three groups in Shillong which can run the team writing business.
“If there is a political will, there will be no problem because our demands are not acceptable”.
Earlier, the Public Account Committee (PAC) had summoned the company that built the shop in Jowai from Chennai and its contractor. Bah Rishan Rapsang to ask for clarification on the delay in completing the work for the meat processing plant which costs T.
The semi final of the 3rd Division Football League 2023 will be played on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
There were about 300 workers at the factory, which collapsed on the night of 22nd June, of which all 300 workers escaped at the time of the blaze. factory, but only one employee, Rahul Mandal, has been missing since the night of the fire inside the factory.
The tournament was organized by the Uttarakhand Kickboxing Association under the banner of the National Kickboxing Federation (NKF-NG) which has been recognized by the Asian Kickboxing Confederation.
The CEM of KHADC, HS Shylla, has been seen across the Khasi Hills through the newspapers.
Shillong, March 28 : The North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) has received the Utkirsht Accreditation award from the Capacity Building Commission. The Utkrisht Award is a sign of recognition of NEPA for its excellence and the award will be valid from 27th March 2023 to 26th March
He also taught us how to respect time and take responsibility for our work.
“Jesus saith unto the woman, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father” (John 4:21).
Rotary Club Jowai and Sein Kynjei, Panaliar donated blood on the 27th of this month at Jowai Blood Bank, Panaliar, Jowai.
Officials of Shankarrao Chavan Government Hospital on Tuesday said the deaths of these patients were due to shortage of medicines.
Shillong, Lber 07 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today took oath in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah. Raj Bhavan, in the presence of relatives, supporters of the party and government officials.
The body of the deceased was taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
The Government has issued an announcement in July 2016 that the road will be constructed by three contractors at a cost of T.3.65 crore.
They requested the Prime Minister to talk to the Assam government to bring the case of Bah Michael to Meghalaya from Assam.
Every time we have to pass through these Police Outposts we are forced to pay a high price even though it is the money we have to spend to buy food on the way.
The knowledge of plants, the perfect flower, the perfect flower.
When asked about the increase in the price of sohsaw, Babar replied that if we talk about the poverty of sohsaw, you may not get sohsaw in the city but the poor people in the countryside will just harvest sohsaw and eat it. Tell me whether this villager is poor or rich,” said Babar.
On the occasion, certificates were also distributed to the prominent sportsmen from Jalyiah and new LPG connections were given to the beneficiaries of the PM Ujjwala scheme. Plan.
Another Chief Superintendent of Police is Wanris Rymbai, Incharge of Anti Dacoity Camp Lumshnong, who has taken over the post since 1st November
If we look at the Nongnah Thiep Bamon Keniong road which is a surveyed road by the Assam government, it is very bad and it is very narrow and often causes traffic accidents every year. HANM leaders said that a truck has overturned in the night and one person has died. The road has been improved and fenced along the road to avoid deaths from time to time. .It is very grateful to the state government for sending workers to improve the roads, but it is sad that the contractors in the rural areas are taking advantage by working torti and corruption is a suffering for the state government. The union has already received the names of the contractors from the big to the small and will soon lodge a PIL in court against the work of these contracts because we cannot allow them. because it is also a very backward area.
Ashamed on youPeit if you forget to burn mombati at 9 o'clock tomorrow you will be sorry for modi in my opinion, not like you those Christians are stupid, but it is the ignorance, the stupidity and the unfounded wisdom of the author of this article, if he feels that he is the wise man why should he be beaten Why doesn't he take the opportunity to explain to them but he reveals the mind of a pig to insult others?
The lawyer who heard Bah Shanbor's story was very pleased with him.
Another issue that needs to be discussed is the excessive use of bombs and beatings by the police.
“It is the intention and wish of the Meghalaya government that before the state celebrates its 50th anniversary of independence, we can first resolve the boundaries of the six regions, but This does not depend on our own desires.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Brightstarwell said that he is pleased that the people of Mawlai don't elect their leaders with a loving heart but with their brains. I have explained at every meeting in every place.
The best fighters of the tournament were: 1) Espiranza Songthiang in the 48kg category, 2) Nangtei Shaphrang Nongkynrih in the Sub-Junior Boys 34kg category and 3) Mewan Pynshngsian Nongrum in the Sub Junior Boys 34kg category. men 65kg category Light contact.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Klanding Sohlangpiaw, said that the victim was accused of being a demon after his brother-in-law suffered. It has been three months and after receiving information that Bah Boris has disappeared from home, the Rangbah Shnong has lodged a complaint on 10th March
When these writers explain by the wisdom of others, not by our own, we understand that not only do they explain, but at the same time they seem to force us to believe that we are like those others and also They force us to practice like others, because it is considered that the knowledge or whatever our nation does or has, it is as if we do it without reason or without foundation, which is just done. bias.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has discussed the issue of peace and order especially in relation to the incidents in the city in recent days. it is now okay and not bad.
The President of Rongara Circle GSU said that such items which have expired should not be sold not only in Rongara but also in some places across Garo Hills. .
It is great for blood pressure health and also strengthens the brain.
He said that besides the laws, the Dorbar Shnongs should also be strong especially in the border villages to monitor and prevent foreigners from entering the villages.
Mawlai Grassroots Center together with Mawlai Sports Club organized a sports program for the children in the presence of Bah B.Lyngdoh, Football Secretary of Mawlai Sports Club. and club members.
To decide the winner of these two matches, the match was taken to the tie breaker and Ladrymbai B beat Tpepswer 4-3
For those householders who live outside the village, they should come out or meet the Rangbah Shnong/Astst Rangbah Shnong/Secy Shnong or the Rangbah Dong and also that they should take part in the cleanliness drive, if found. The Dorbar Shnong will take strict action against those who do not participate.
Tynsong said that apart from this, there will be no other way to do more than that.
The planting of lamet should revive this species and eliminate the use of plastic in the state.
Other causes of water circulation are those caused by the activity of physical organisms, such as trees, vegetables, or animals.
Thank youName :- Carmel Fedrick Malngiang Location:- Wahkaliar, Sohra, EKH District, MeghalayaMob.
He said that the impact of the film producers is the payment of cinema fees where 60 percent will go to the owners of cinema halls while the producers receive only 40 percent because they have to pay all the expenses besides the payment of cinema fees. typical and complete.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU students also met with the Deputy Commissioner, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, who promised to help them but urged them to send a letter on Friday so that he will be able to take it to the government.
The Trinamool Congress leader, who has launched a two-day protest against the central government over the injustice against the state, said the BJP is like 'Dushasana' “All political parties in India should stand together to overthrow the BJP government. the people of the country and democracy," she said.
He recalled that in the past, this area had many animals such as shrieh, tngaw, khla and others.
“There is a stir now, we will see when we will lead the EC because if there is a chance, who doesn't want to rule,” said a UDP leader. The KHADC has been elected after the defector MDC Bah Albinus Lyngdoh joined the KHADC and there are other MDCs, but the UDP has not yet announced their names.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an expert said that the current rearrangement of constituencies in the KHADC boundary could postpone the elections for several months if the Delimitation Committee does not work. can complete the work in a timely manner.
She said that the Panel has been informed about the incident in Jaliar where a wife was killed by her husband and her husband is now dead. investigation.
Furthermore, our lives cannot be destroyed because we have knowledge based on God's Word and based on it.
During these protests, the ASHAs expressed their deep sorrow over the Government's delay in providing additional benefits, such as the ASHA Benefit Scheme and the Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme which have been suspended for years.
Pyniaid said that every time the election campaign rallies of other political parties are urged to their supporters to be polite but the incident which happened yesterday 8th June has caused reveal to the world who is starting to insult and persecute our own people.
“I believe this happened because there were no police to guard our border areas with Assam,” said the former CEM of KHADC. The MDC of Mawkhar-Pynthor Umkhrah, said that even the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, would not dare to travel without the presence of police and security forces.
The new office bearers of the UBCC were confirmed by Bah Charles Marngar, President of the RBDCC, in the presence of other Congress leaders and supporters.
At that time, the accused persons reached the venue and tried to remove the chairs which had been kept for the members of the group to sit on.
Shillong: On the 22nd November 2022, a march was held from Khliehshnong Sohra to Ïewrim Square with the Duhalia. members of the District Council, Dorbar Khliehnong.
Speaking to reporters, Delhi FC coach Yan Law said that his team is well prepared to win the match against Delhi FC. a group of landlords who had never been defeated.
On the first day of the Dorbar, Join Manik, Syiem of Sohra Hima was elected as Chairman and Hajom Kissor Singh as Secretary.
Mylliem Syiemship: Nonhimarng C, Haa Patha, Bar Ar, Pilakata, Nonhymmai, Pathakpgibi Gorbhanga, Pilangku, Tamalkushi, Borohuin, Garobnangi, Nerbung, Rajabagan, Panitula Damsite, Umtrew Colony, Pahamsohbar, Ransakuna and Joroir.
He was honored with a ryndia as a sign of remembrance.
Shillong: The State Government on Tuesday announced that it will take over 12 colleges and turn them into public colleges, which will be funded by the State Government.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 82 cases including 9 cases from Armed Forces, 1 case from Demthring cluster, 2 cases from Happy Valley cluster, 11 cases from high risk, 1 case from ILI case, 2 cases from Jhalupara cluster and 1 case from Laban cluster. , 34 cases from Madanryting Cluster, 1 case from Mawlai Mawdatbaki Cluster, 6 cases from Mawlai Nonglum Cluster, 1 case from Mawpat Cluster, 1 case from Nongmynsong Cluster, 2 cases from Nongthymmai Cluster, 1 case from Police Bazar Cluster, 1 case from Pynthorumkhrah Cluster returned from abroad with 4 cases of SARI.
The union has tried to donate masks to the drivers of commercial vehicles, to the elderly and to some shops in Riangdo market. and fight against such a disease by the power of the people.
When asked whether the Congress will withdraw its membership completely, Pyshngain said, “This is not up to the MPCC. It is up to the AICC and we leave it to the wisdom of the AICC to take you're right".
Figo Syndai scored the goals for Langsning in the 24th minute, Shano Tariang in the 46th minute and Kitboklang Pale in the 79th minute.
The death toll was 1,1
“The union wants to get clarification from this leader,” he added.
The meeting will be held at 12:30 pm at the Lion Mission Dorbar Hall.
From Pinewood to Raj Bhawan, from St Anthony's College to Gurudwara – from AIR, from Lower Lachumiere to AIR – Raj Bhawan and from Barrick Point to Civil Hospital.
Shillong: U MLA of Mairang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that his office will distribute awards to the students from Mairang constituency who have passed well. this year
“Another 82 factories will receive assistance at a cost of T.38.89 lakh. 191 factories are under the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program which has employed 662 people,” he said.
In the first leg, Mawthoh beat Kshiar 1-0 to win the title.
The AJYWO Central Body through its President Bah MH Dkhar, wishes a happy Behdeiñkhlam to all the children of Jaintia Hills, especially those who are still in Niamtre. complete the rituals on this Behdeiñkhlam.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Teibor thanked God for allowing him to meet the needs of the village.
When she reached home, her mother collapsed and died.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, another rangbah at the jaiñ market said that in these markets, there are fewer thieves than in other markets which are more crowded.
Shillong: KSU Umsning Circle has arrested 16 foreigners from Uttar Pradesh who came from Uttar Pradesh. The UP 11-AT-8425 bus has been allowed to enter the country at this time and it is surprising and shocking what the state government has announced in the media regarding the permission of foreigners to They came to Meghalaya and banned the inter state.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Forum of Change and Upliftment Society (FOCUS) today celebrated the 10th Anniversary of Independence of the District.
Besides having the appearance and hair of the world famous dancer, Walter also likes to dress like Michael Jackson especially in recent years.
On the other hand, he said that MLAs or those who wish to apply for tickets still have time to apply and the issuance of tickets is not by the MPCC but by the AICC. The application form is on the 15th of this month and after that, all the applicants will be notified.
“The reason why I came to inspect is because of the problem that the people don't get water in their homes,” he said.
He said that many of these states who have joined the NCC have done better than men.
He said that the presence of 20% women candidates is something that the party is proud of as no other party has such a percentage of women candidates.
This comes after some residents alleged that they have not received the MLA schemes after a Right To Information (RTI) search. .
Sieb – which means that you have a phyllung of blood or anything else.
It was exactly like the Umshit in Jakrem which flowed only from the source and when it went a long way it flowed away.
“The government will look into this and resolve the issues,” he said, adding that even the officers of the Finance Department of the Government of India when the state went to ask for money from the teachers were shocked because the having too many positions of teachers.
ym Don't worry anymore.
Kiang Nangbah promised with his life to be the stieh of the whole Khad-Ar Dolloi.
He added that the Government should immediately release the power outage at that time.
The union has expressed its satisfaction with the meeting with the Minister.
The purpose of this distribution of piglets and chickens is to help increase the income of the farmers and to benefit hundreds of farmers in the area and about 10,0 750 females and 250 males were distributed to the farmers, 3 females, one male and 50 heifers.
On the other hand, the union requests the DC to take immediate action on this issue, so that this will bring peace to all, said the General Secretary, Nangteibor Shangpliang.
Shillong: The All Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) of East, West, South West and Ri Bhoi District will celebrate the 170th Anniversary of the death of Rev. Thomas Jones. He is known as the “Father of Khasi Literature” and at the same time it will commemorate the 177th anniversary of the establishment of Lower Primary Schools across the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
She said that by participating in such competitions, the villagers will introduce themselves to the world about their lifestyle and culture and she praised the society for achieving this goal in a short period of time.
“On the other hand, these people left him at Mawprem, and when they arrived at Mawprem, Bah Sohthiang, did not take them to the place where the accident happened but told these people in the car. They said that he had been stabbed and asked them to take him to Mawshibuit village where he lived.
He said that at the last meeting held on November 14, 2017, the meeting convened by the government with the participation of the KHADC, SNSBH has decided that the KHADC should announce to establish Town Committees in the State and to send the names of the Town Committees to the Urban Development Department of the State for the appointment of Local Authorities in accordance with Sub-Section 1 of Section 2 of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act. Act 1973 for the implementation of the MUDA Building Act outside the Municipal land and it has also decided that MUDA will look after only the land within the Municipal land.
“If the Chief Minister does not clarify on this, the HITO will immediately start demanding its own state,” he said.
The union wanted to know why the DC is delaying the renewal of veendor and veende.
The Shillong-Dawki road has been affected by floods from time to time especially during heavy rains which has caused traffic jams and even injuries in many cases.
In the letter, Ms Pher was threatened to evict the people living in her house and given three months to complete the task. The organization will not be responsible if anything happens to her and her family.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday promised to follow up with the Central Government to declare the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) as an Institute. of National Importance (INI).
With respect to the scientists who have to prove every experiment they do they have to prove but to find God they cannot prove at all because “God he is the Spirit of God and he is great.
The title of the poem she wrote at that time was “Ka Kuli Juk”.
Jorhat: Shri Rana Goswami.
The lowest turnout was in South Shillong, with 62.10 percent turnout.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Minister Marcuise N Marak said, “We have approved the revised uniform guidelines for the recruitment of Meghalaya Police”.
The arrested car thieves include Mithu Sharma, the boss of the group.
Dr. HH Mohrmen was one of the writers of Khasi and English newspapers in the state, a writer of articles in newspapers, who used to work as a teacher at the Unitarin Upper Primary School. He was also a teacher at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
Volunteers and members of the Dorbar Shnongs of Demseing, Pynthor, Nongmynsong and Umkaliar took part in the cleaning of the Umkaliar River and its surrounding areas.
Shillong, March 23: U Dious Bobbis Laloo, 54, of Jowai, a local taxi driver, has gone missing from his home. on the 19th of this month.
The State has expressed in the elections that it wants the indigenous parties to rule over their own State.
Therefore, as the people have elected the leaders with the support of the people to take the lead in making laws and rules to bring about the best in the society and at this time, I would like to urge the leaders to strengthen the laws and rules. New laws have been passed to ensure a clean environment in society and in all environments.
Babu Kular said that the school as a whole expresses its regret that the school where they taught from morning till evening which was like their own home has collapsed suddenly without thinking.
Therefore, it is time to demand and support the rights of ASHAs. The important rights of ASHAs are as follows- (i) to amend or repeal Rule 9 of the ASHA scheme and to improve the (ii) to delete the term volunteer and to pay (ii) to grant ASHAs as full time employees in accordance with the Labor Law of the country; (ii) to grant them all the rights of employees, including leave, medical allowance; , education allowance and others (iii) to be paid salaries in accordance with the Labor Law.
Tree forests are known as wind breakers which help to break or reduce the forces of the wind to protect the villages from being shaken by the forces of the wind such as They are 'erïong 'erngit because the forests are rich and covered with various plants.
The bike rally was accompanied by musicians to educate the public to come to the health centers if they have any symptoms of the disease. and fever, night sweats, vomiting or loss of appetite, gland swelling and bleeding.
Kisan Bareh will face Fivestar Bareh from Nazareth, a former kickboxer from Mizoram, Jonnybor will face against Hill Saiden. Depak Academy, while Genevive Pakma, who was the only player from the State, will play against Mizoram.
In 2019, MeECL officials told the Assembly Committee on Environment led by Bah SK Sun (Bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) that the age of the dam has decreased and Shillong, 41 years old, due to the flooding of rivers in Shillong.
You know my Lok.
He said that the aim of the opening of Block and Civil Sub Divisions is to bring them closer to the households for the convenience of the people.
He said that there will also be a meeting after the rally and here we will also invite the MDCs and MLAs who are concerned to come and take part in this meeting.
After about six months since the reopening of schools, the state education department is still struggling to create new ways and means to bring about change in the education of the students. student.
Those who vote will have to bring their ID cards as Xerox voter ID cards and the original to verify at the bank at the time of exchange of old notes.
AICC Vice President Shri Rahul Gandhi was also present at the function and delivered a speech.
The Congress party has been able to rule Meghalaya for decades in its 50 years of existence.
On the other hand, many of the people have joined hands as a sign to inform the residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia, on the need to immediately revise the employment system in the state. shilliang is 51 years old.
Speeches were also delivered by the Class X and Class IV students of St. Peter's School, the Leader of the Kid Tarari Choir and a special song by the family members.
Some people join because they want money, and some people go because they like to hunt.
He was a prophet in Israel in 520 B.C. God sent Haggai to Judah and Israel and spoke these words to warn them about the difficult times, the times of famine, the times of trouble. The whole country is filled with forgetfulness of the living God.
The market is run by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
The Opposition Minister and Chief Congress MP from Shillong, Ma Vincent H Pala earlier said that the government has no real intention on the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council. (HNLC) while requesting that the recent allegation by the HNLC should be stopped.
However, the NRC was prepared in 2014 and started only in 2015 with the deadline for completion on 31.12.2017 for the first phase. The second and final phase of the NRC was held until 30/7/2018, where 40.07 lakh people were not registered in the NRC. those political parties that have taken pictures and others that have lost their names.
He said that not throwing money and offering money to candidates is not new and surprising.
In the women's category, Mawlai won by beating Wahlang unit, while in the men's category, Mawlai won by defeating Mawprem unit.
In an RTI , a youth asked for information from KHADC and was informed that the CEM of KHADC , Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem , together with Bah Neil Antonio War , EM Finance Department , had left for Delhi on the 25th of this month Jymmang, 2015 to meet with the central government officials for the work of FoCUSS. However, it was found that the visit of Bah Pynshngaiñ was not for the FoCUSS but for the meeting with the head of the party. Congress leader of the state at that time was V. Narayanasamy.
Therefore, we must take care of the earth, the hills, the rivers, the trees and the shrubs which help us to get food from the earth.
Speaking in the capital, AT Mondal said, “According to the law, I am not the decision maker to convene the dorbar but the Prime Minister through consultation with the Lamphang or at the request of the Governor, has to to do that".
Shillong, July 24 : The [24]7
On the other hand, Bah Jeengaph said that in fact, the village/hima leaders are considered to be respected in the society to teach and lead the people on the path of righteousness and truth. These other leaders have become bloodthirsty to order the looting of the honor of women and also the souls of innocent people.
The Committee has directed the department to complete the maintenance of the machine and put it into operation within two months.
On the roads in Meghalaya, Muivah said although they are easy to operate, the quality is good except in some parts of Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The film will be screened at the District Library Auditorium Mynthong, Jowai from 18th November to 23rd November 2023 at 2.00 PM, 4.00 PM, 6.00 PM and 8.00 PM. They have paid attention to the place where it has been made public.
The Government authorities should take action to punish those who violate the Indian Forest Act, 1927, the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, The Water. (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974, The Air (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1981 , The Factories (Pollution and Pesticides) Act, 1948 and other regulations.
They are only ghosts and we don't know what their status is.
The process of identifying the victims is ongoing.
Therefore, we urge the leaders of the Kur, Shnong, Raid to Hima including the media to take action to use these methods of public communication where they can talk or hold meetings through the internet without meeting. markhmat as part of protecting others and protecting ourselves from this Covid1
“We are strong as a party because last term we had only 6 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly but now if we win Sohiong we will have 12 MLAs.
The Chief Minister said that in June 2021, up to 2,184 MT of jhur could be exported from the state to neighboring states like Assam, West Bengal and elsewhere.
He said that the police have set up checkpoints and conducted raids to ensure that there will be good vigilance around the cities of different districts.
Meanwhile, Union General Secretary Mehboob Hussain said they will work to strengthen the Congress in the country so that it can come back to power in
The Officer Incharge said that it is necessary to find a way to talk and understand to avoid any grief on both sides as this will lead to further conflict.
Mother Earth can satisfy all our needs but not our greeds.
But remember, 'The righteousness uplifts the nation.
He said this after many of the Bills passed by the Council have been withheld and referred from the Governor's Office to the District Council Affairs Department.
I was very happy at that time because something we didn't expect had happened and at that time I took the hand of the Prime Minister and put it on my shoulder as a sign of respect. “But there are those who misunderstand this and say that I have lost the hand of Dr. Mukul Sangma and I have devalued the nation,” said HDR Lyngdoh.
It is understood that the party has a good candidate and hopes to win the election but does not want to announce it yet.
Suddenly, from the grave He rose, With great victory over His enemies, As a conqueror He rose from death, And He lives and is holy to reign forever, He rose He rose, Hallelujah! He came out.
The report of News 18, shows that from this price, the tax, which we have to pay to the government, is 70 percent and this also shows that it is through this tax, that the government, The income of the people of India as a whole.
This is also the 8th (phra) of the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills in the district since it got its own district.
The Excise & Narcotics Department of Mizoram has seized 6 kilos of heroin worth more than T.31 crore during a drug raid.
Nongkrem SC beat Lumparing SC 3-0 in the final match of the tournament.
Parents also allow their children to speak foreign languages, because there is a strong pride that their children are well versed in speaking foreign languages ​​even at home.
Many villages will witness the facts that the presence of various religious groups working day and night in the rural villages has helped greatly to transform the lives of the people.
It is for this reason that the Government has not been able to provide a census of the MLAs of the Opposition.
He said that these toll gates have been opened to private groups and there is no approval from the High Court regarding this, but out of the five toll gates, there is only one or two. If found guilty, the EC will take a decision to ban them.
“This is good news for the farmers who grow synsar and it is a long standing demand to turn synsar into an agricultural commodity and this will benefit the farmers,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
The violation of human rights has led pastors or theologians or any religious leaders who still love the right to enter politics with the aim of reform.
These include EGH: 28, EJH: 9, EKH: 240, NGH: 32, RBD: 28, SGH: 15, SWGH: 37, SWKH: 23, WGH: 75, WJH: 74 and WKH:
Charles Marngar, don't listen to these people.
Three fire engines rushed to the scene, while the injured were taken to CHC, Pynursla for treatment.
Hamletson Dohling, President of the MFA was the chief guest and promised to get an ambulance for the PDSA from the Prime Minister's scheme.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: “There is no Secretary, no Chairman since 30th November,” said Pastor PBM Basa Iawmoit, while criticizing the resignation of Bah Joe Lamare, who worked with him, in the group. Peoples Forum.
This is your love that you have given me for the past 20 years that has come back now.
This year, due to the delay in the construction of the stadium, most of the matches will be held at the Sports Complex of the Sports Authority of India at North Eastern Hill University. and the lympung was held in that place.
The project has been awarded as an Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) Tender.
He urged the people to join hands with this initiative of the government.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) West Khasi Hills District (HPF) under the leadership of JL Nonglait on Tuesday arrested nine foreigners and sent them home.
All this has been achieved with the support of 60 good farmers especially the MLA of the area, Bah Hamlet Dohling who was a strong supporter at the time of the launch of the project.
Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was blind, except it were of God.
I too am ready to contribute for the salvation of the nation if your work is like sngur water.
He is from West Midnapore and was admitted to a private hospital in Kolkata where he tested positive for the virus.
He also expressed his gratitude to the police for their cooperation and hoped that there will be no disruption in the movement of vehicles. dialogue and investigation to restore peace and order without affecting the people.
Besides congratulating the MDA Government for this Civil Sub Division on behalf of the people of Western Ri Bhoi, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar also urges the Prime Minister to implement other demands. The Ri Bhoi Dorbar includes the Civil Sub Division for Umsning and Eastern Ri Bhoi and also to bring in the C&RD Block office for Umden, Nongtluh and Mawhati, he added.
Tura, Meghalaya is about 872 meters above sea level and is the most beautiful place where Ayoshee has grown.
The owners/residents of these 7 villages are required to register themselves in the application vide URL which can be accessed from PCs, Laptops, Tablets and Smart Phones.
AIS SujaExcept for the Jews, everyone is a Gentile in this world.
Besides, it was said that the crops that are still growing such as riewhadem, phan and other vegetables in the fields have been destroyed.
"It's 6 o'clock," said Kni.
“However, for those areas where the people are happy with the MoU, I want no one to create trouble,” he said. the cause and resolve the problem of the village where the problem arises.
Bah Kynta said he doesn't want to be in the party just to be used as a tool to stand on the sidelines.
At the same time, the union demands that the office of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima should not be happy with the strict rules under the Administration of Nongstoiñ Syiemship Rules The Dkhars cannot work or live within the Hima Nongstoiñ while many of the Dkhars in Shallang come with their children and husbands which shows that the law exists but does not work.
In the last MDA government, the UDP demanded the replacement of James Sangma as Home Minister as if they wanted to clean up the department.
This teaching has a great defect in it because it makes people think only about the life beyond this world and forget that life here on earth is also precious and important. .
It is learned that during the Diwali fireworks display, the fire broke out in Archana's clothes and while the fire was burning, SRK immediately went to help her. He grabbed her clothes and took off his jacket and extinguished the fire on Archana's clothes.
“This virus is new and there is not much knowledge about it, and the time will come when people will get negative after testing positive.
Forever Young will hold its 26th Midnight Swim on 31st November 2023 at the Cronoline Swimming Pool.
On the same day, there was also a short meeting held inside the church, with the participation of all the elders of the church, women, youth and others who congratulated and thanked the church. On the other hand, Bah Nongsiej said that in fact the MDC scheme does not have anything special for the purchase of tar but It was only for the purpose of construction, but he struggled to achieve a small amount of power.
He said he would write to the Prime Minister to convene an All Party Meeting before the start of the Legislative Assembly to discuss this issue and find ways and means to end the conflict.
Wanbantei Bremley Lyngdoh, son of Bah Bremley Lyngdoh, former General Secretary of the APHLC and a participant in the struggle for the Rilum State, said that the The state, until these days, is still the same, even after almost 50 years.
“The application of the Rangbah Shnongs has not been accepted here but we have just seen that the District Council has approved the list of Rangbah Shnongs on the recommendation of the Hima Mylliem.
The award winners were Sabitri Rabha of Laitumkhrah Traffic Branch and Head Constable Chandradhar Basumatry of Madanriting Traffic Branch. 2016-2017, they were awarded with a certificate and gifts to keep in mind.
Secondly, against a corrupt world and a corrupt society, a new group of followers of Jesus Christ stands firm and strong with the theology of love and the theology of love. the struggle to change and rebuild the world.
The resolution was supported by all the MDCs including the Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat.
“It's not like I'm going to be able to compare you with the poor, the sarong, the snow,” said Deisy. “This is too much to talk about...” said Riia. “It's not like what's important is the dignity, the manners and the tipblei of the people,” said Riia.
“These will be the issues I will bring to this Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra and the main purpose is to talk, listen and understand the problems of the young farmers, to find solutions, and to get closer to them. and residents," he said.
The MCTA has boycotted the 1st semester classes for more than three months as a sign of protest against the decision of NEHUTA. All the College Teachers of MCTA and NEHUTA have now agreed to implement the NEP from 2023-2
The 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT) 2023 (Senior Category) will be held on these two days.
In the men's doubles, Eraphael Dkhar and Deonicious Chullai won the title by defeating Rabin Passah and Muni Kynjin 11-4, 11-9, 11-9 and 11-5 respectively.
“The CEM said that he is very pleased because it is the first time for him as the head of the Council to take part in the 25th anniversary celebration of any Rangbah Shnong in the public service.
People who visit the park often break food such as shana muri or popcorn that is poured into the water to see the fish.
“We will celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the State and also the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence and there are many programs prepared to celebrate this great day.
This season is a lot of fun.
Shillong: The politics of the Jaintia District Council (JDC) has angered the Congress leaders from Jaintia Hills District Council (JDC) after the state government has not yet approved the names of the candidates. Executive Member of the Council, which has been sent for several months.
One of the development projects that they have to face these days is the road, which the roads are still inadequate compared to other parts of Ri-Bhoi, which Isman Lyngdoh, President of the Ri-Bhoi Western Dorbar, said that the road from Umling to Umrit, Patharkhmah has been too backward. Due to the mismanagement of the contractors, some of the cleaned and uncleaned areas and some of the cleaned areas have been cleaned but due to the deterioration of the road, the road has been damaged.
However, until now, there has been no confirmation from the Prime Minister,” said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein.
In the women's open cross country race, Lindum Iakia of Arunachal Pradesh won the gold medal in a time of 9 minutes, 42.00 seconds. Haomon Urbashi Devi (9:48.10) second the bronze medal and all of them represented Manipur.
After that, he tried to meet with the leaders of the Congress Committee to apply for the ticket.
In this project, the people were taught about the 40 types of healthy foods and that it is necessary to eat at least 5 types of foods a day so that people can get a healthy diet.
The Home Minister could not say if the Congress party comes to power that there will be mass violence.
Initially, the number will be given to 94 million female cows across the country and after that, the number will be given to male cows and other animals that have been released. that they may walk about.
Shillong: The employees of GVK EMRI 108 under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) are waiting for the final meeting to resolve the issue. On the 16th of this month, suddenly on the morning of the 16th, the government authorities together with the police together with the management came suddenly and suddenly attacked while these workers were resting well. They were protesting in front of the EMRI office in Lawmai.
She also suggested to the government to implement free and compulsory education for children until they reach the age of 14 years.
“The best medicine to fight coronavirus is to stay at home,” say medical experts from around the world.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Kyrmen said that these three students will be an example to the community and other students of this school.
Shillong, Iaiong 18: The MDC Hostel in KHADC has been accused of becoming a center of activism and other unpleasant activities.
As the author of half a dozen books in Khasi and English, Ma Heibormi Sungoh has participated in the state, the region, India and some of the world in the fields of literature and culture. , and has also worked actively in various cultural organizations including the North East Zonal Cultural Centre.
He used the beds to climb up the prison and escaped.
Has the Khasi language developed well in the 21st century?
What is the future of Meghalaya if it is like this?
To mention the plaque, it was felt that no team from the Khasi Jaintia side should win this time.
“Leaders of various political parties have been campaigning for elections in the State and have promised heaven and earth.
However, it was defeated by the English.
“On the day I met with the leaders of the SSA teachers, I had already made it clear that after the budget session we will release their salaries. this month they will release all their salaries," he said.
King Shalmaneser king of Assyria also ruled over Israel and took Israel captive to Assyria.2 Kings 17:3-4 / Jer 50:1
“Bah Pynshngain is the MLA of Mawsynram and will contest the upcoming elections from the same constituency,” he said. He is currently the President of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee.
Laden was reportedly hiding in the Kankata forests in Rongjuli and was found about 15 kilometers from the scene of the killing.
However, on the 11th of this month, the Minister in charge of the market, Minister C.Kharkongor, denied that the Hima Mylliem collects money from the market vendors and said that the Hima does not collect money for cleaning the market. from the merchants.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that BJP MPs will hold a hunger strike on the 12th of this month. He blamed the Congress party for the suspension of work in Parliament.
Doesn't going to the High Court and Supreme Court involve the expenditure of public and private money? asked the Seng.
“However, he hasn't paid me yet and when I called him, he didn't pick up my call and just texted me with messages (SMS),” she said.
Earlier, Bah DM Wahlang urged the school children especially to use these new technologies and the Internet not for entertainment but for their own benefit.
Ma Wailad said that as the days go by, the religion and customs go hand in hand with the music.
If the government does not warn the 400 foreigners who have violated the quarantine, it will also show the weakness and lack of partiality of the government authorities in the state as a whole. I don't want to blame the government or to insult anyone, but I say this according to the fact that the government itself has announced publicly the rules and regulations in the past months during the lockdown.
Page 17).
He said that the Rangbah Shnong of Ksehkohlong and the organizers of the fishing competition held at Panphyrnai on the 16th of November had met with him today, but he assured them that “what has happened, a decision will be taken by law in its favour.
To solve the problems of the Khasi Jaintia people is only if we get our own state and full borders and not as it is now. state without proper investigation or search for the right to protect the land.
May these words of this Leader continue to live from one Government to another, especially in the present Government led by his son, Conrad K. Sangma in our state.
Shillong: The new members of the Khasi District Council (KDC) will be sworn in on 6th October 2019 at the District Council Hall, Shillong.
Therefore, the society should produce more and more languages ​​because the Khasi language is already at a higher level compared to other languages ​​in the region. recognition of the Central Government.
Manipur won the first place after a thrilling match against Assam on the last day.
However, many are represented only as fishing ponds.
Ka(sin)" (Gen 4:7).
The Indian Army 101 Area and the Rajya Sainik Board held a meeting of retired Mega Ex Servicemen (ESM) in Tura.
In a statement, the JNU demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should immediately apologize to the students of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai. to pay the medical expenses of the students who are the future of the country and the nation. They should be called to talk to them about their rights.
Raising the issue, Process said that as an MLA, he has tried to talk about the allocation of land because there are people who need it but unfortunately it is not accepted.
Upon the arrest of the smugglers, the BSF troops fled the scene leaving behind the cows.
Meghalaya is one of the most backward states in India in all aspects, according to the report of the NITI Aayog. In addition, the number of unemployed youth has increased from time to time and the State has experienced a sharp decline in income and corruption rules to destroy the State.
However, the question is whether this Act is really working or whether those who implement it have implemented it or whether this new Act will be implemented by the Government of India or whether the implementers of the Act will work in Meghalaya. Many of the laws in the state relating to tobacco and alcohol have been left in the court of law without being implemented at all.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 27 cases and out of these, 26 cases were tested at Star Cement Factory in Lumshnong and one case was from Umtyra Residential School.
Chirup also criticized the government through MUDA for allowing illegal shops near the Governor's House and also illegal shops in Lady Hydari Park to sell lights. but they were not prevented.
“Therefore, it can be said that the recurring drought is a violation of the rights of survival of the people of the state," he said.
In the first leg, Mynsgat and Thadmusem drew 1-1 with Heisuk Shadap scoring the first goal for Thadmusem in the 20th minute. Carlus Hadia scored in the 40th minute.
Shillong: The State Government has now handed over to the CMPDI Institute for Coal Mining in Meghalaya.
These 22 cases were confirmed from 171 tests at the Naga Hospital Authority, Kohima (NHAK) and Dibugarh.
It will provide employment opportunities for the youth of the area in such a difficult time in terms of income.
Khola, it is understood, was on her first day of school when the militants entered her classroom and shot her dead.
Shillong: U Swapnil Tembe, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, today issued a statement saying that the people do not need to give special gifts or honor or respect. speak praises of him, in whatever meetings he has.
“This year's budget is hopeless because the expenditure is high and the production is low,” said Lakhon Biam, Leader of the Opposition while participating in the discussion on the budget of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. Council (JHADC) on Thursday.
As the Head of School, Kong WK ​​Blah, she congratulated all the teachers, students and parents who have been able to make this celebration a success and as the teachers they will continue to provide good service. There are 100,000 students in the school.
Speaking to reporters, Wanniang said that the government has sent people to survey the road and it has been learned that the first phase of the survey has been completed. It is about 50 kilometers from Nonglang to Umit.
“Therefore, we kindly request you to explain to the owners of bike/scooty residents in the village that they should not park their bikes along the road or in any unsafe places to avoid theft.
God did not come to earth to condemn man, but to save and give him life.
WJH Police from Addl.SP, Dy.SP, OC and police personnel together with EAC and ADM have rushed to the scene to prevent the group from causing trouble to the people who come to take medicines.
Besides, he will inaugurate two 4-lane projects namely the Dolabarisha Jamuguri and Biswanath Chariali roads to Gohpur.
When they went to search in the rooms, they were sent from one room and floor to another and not only that, even the children who were sitting inside the examination rooms were sent outside.
The CEM, while reading the letter, said that these two persons have contributed a lot in the development of the District Council.
The incident happened in the early hours of 19th November 2022, when according to the information received, unidentified robbers came and stole the parked Kali Eco. hard to the road.
The JSM leader said that if you look at the Khasi and Jaintia communities which have a population of more than 14 lakh while the Garo communities have a population of more than 8 lakh while the Khasi and Jaintia communities have a population of more than 6 lakh. On this basis, the State Government should review or renew the Reservation Policy 1972 which is old and too biased which could cause serious problems to the State in the future.
“About 75 to 80% of the party leaders wanted to remove Bah Mawrie from the post of President,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
They said that as the days go by, the road has become worse and worse, until the passengers during the rainy season, have to cross their hands every day like pigs.
He said that the Chief Secretary of the State and the Police Chiefs have already spoken to the Bihar Officers and requested to provide security to the two religious leaders.
When asked when the second phase of the border talks will resume, the spokesperson of the MDA-II Government said that the talks are expected to resume after the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly.
In another development, Bah GG Bung Snaitang, one of the elders of Ranikor area, has expressed his deep sorrow over the abduction of the elder of Nongjri Church under Rangthong Presbytery.
Even in small geographical areas, water is a source of economic inequality where the poor pay more than the rich.
The villages in these areas are well developed but the lack of roads has stopped the crops from feeding themselves and feeding pigs and cannot be delivered to the markets.
Babu Will, also known as Kongor Will, passed away on 9th September
In a petition sent to the Managing Director of MCCL, Shillong, the union has demanded that the salaries of the employees should be released. until the factory is resumed as usual in previous years and to pay the outstanding fees as announced by the Government.
Luigi Dalian Pasweth, a student of North Liberty Higher Secondary School (NLHSS), Jowai, who came third in the first ten positions in the HSSLC Science Stream result announced by the MBoSE, said, “To succeed in education you need I don't know how to read.
Jagtap had earlier said that the protest would continue from November 7 to 17 across Mumbai.
Regarding this, the health workers of Umsning Constituency, expressed their gratitude and special thanks to these leaders of Umsning Constituency, for their remembrance and special assistance to these health workers. health workers.
The decision of the court came after a three-judge bench heard the demand of the ministers of the seven states to suspend the order to hold these meetings. exam in November
Hazard will move to Spain on a £88m five-year deal worth £400,000 a week.
Even if they have become educated, not only do they despise and ignore their family and others, but 'the more they increase in education, the more they decrease in their manners'
Memories of Bah Sumar.
The most important thing is that the MLA should know how to run the House.
Meghalaya needed to win by 254 runs to win in 60 overs.
The Ministry of DoNER has allocated two (two) projects under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) worth T.45.45 crore.
This means that different classes can be promoted until March
We remember in the Bible how King Solomon asked God for wisdom to judge the people after God asked him to give Solomon what he wanted.
Blajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh Proper, elders and women of Nongpoh area were present at the launch ceremony.
This village is located about 15 km from Jowai, the district headquarters of Amlarem Sub Division.
This means that this Act will apply only to those normal areas including Police Bazar, Jailroad, Keating Road, European Ward, Cantonment, Municipality of Shillong. except those areas within the Shillong Municipal which are part of the Hima Mylliem.
Speaking on the occasion of the World Water Day, the Minister said that water is life and no one can live without it. doesn't.
The FKJGP leaders immediately informed the Food Safety Officer, who came down and seized these food items and fulfilled the requirements.
The two ministers also held discussions with the residents of the area to learn more about the situation and their feelings regarding the border settlement issues. .
With his departure to join the club, the team has a real hope of winning the title after failing to reach the goal in the last three seasons.
He will also suggest to include these two villages in the Brahmaputra Board.
The Central Road Infrastructure Fund (CRIF) has allocated T24.160 crore for the repair of the road and the allocation has been announced since 30th October
Behind the scenes, Kynsai and Federick came after they went to take part in one of the programs to inspect the talents of the children from the state which was brought by the Ryntih. Football Club to the team of Max Sports Academy, which has taken the initiative to hold such programs in three states like Delhi, Odisha and Meghalaya.
Lakhon is a PWD Engineer who resigned and joined the political arena in
Surprisingly, instead of Bah Nujorki Sungoh, Local MLA of Mookaïaw Constituency to lead, he is walking slowly.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni was born in Ranchi, Bihar on 7th November 1981 and is a Rajput.
Israeli troops claim to have destroyed several Hamas camps and killed a militant who opened fire on Israeli troops.
She is the only Indian to win an Olympic medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
For the arrangement of public parking spaces including both the Service Road of NHAI, Mawlong Iew Village Square, St. Paul's College Campus, Mawroh, Ri Bhoi College Campus, Mawdiangum, Location I Dr. DD Lapang near the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh, Nomiwell School Campus, Sajer, NSCA Headquarters, Phawa Kur Protest against Canara Bank Nongpoh.
Speaking to media, Arman Malngiang said that the demand of the students of the college is to demand from the Principal to allow the Fourth Semester students to attend classes without wearing uniform.
Everyone knows that tympew is a cure, with the outbreak of coronavirus we have learned that many kinds of leaves are cured now, but the lockdown has not been released yet, we cannot live without tympew ktne time, we will buy again when the pandemic is over.
Seasonal changes or weather changes can lead to symptoms of pneumonia.
However, after a collision with the BSF troops, the robbers fled the scene and left the goods in the darkness of the sky.
It is not useful for the Expert Committee to stay for months and in the end it will not be able to take a decision or give any clear recommendations.
The program also included the distribution of prizes to the winners of the quiz competition.
He said that Sahksaw in Chamcham village which has been inaugurated by Bah Paul Lyngdoh is one of the most beautiful places and there are many more beautiful places.
There are also those who farm by sharing the crops from the fields, not marshiteng but to get more farmers.
The sister of Leo Donborlang lodged a complaint at Lumdiengjri Police Station on 4th November.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA together with Bah Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang Constituency, today visited Patharkhmah village, to hand over the rice which they have purchased specially for the distributed to poor families living in the area.
“The District Committee has been directed to strengthen the party in this MDC election,” said the working president of the UDP.
“We cannot imagine that an organization that claims to be the light for peace will be involved in murder.
There was a discussion here and there about the writing of the neighbour.
"Let me remember," said the mother and laughed. "To Mei," said Marchborn.
The Chairman of the Namdong Block and Laskeiñ Block Border Area Peace Committee, Aiborlang Shadap, who is also the MDC of Barato-Mukroh, said that the purpose of the meeting was to bring unity and reconciliation among the Pnar people living in the area. Assam and Meghalaya.
As scheduled, a rally will be held in Mohali on the 5th of July and before the meeting of the farmers' group, there will be a meeting of the leaders on the 15th of July. at Kisan Bhawan, Chandigarh.
She has been studying at the university since March 2022.
Everist allegedly phoned a man demanding T.2 lakh on 28th June and threatened that if he did not pay the money, he would burn down the vehicle and injure his relatives.
“The Eastern Region of India is like the back of a cow and the body of India and it needs to be developed if this region needs to become better than other parts of India, it needs to improve its “We need transportation, roads and media,” said Dr Passah.
Those lyngkar who used to be in these areas every night when it was dark, were the residents of the Khasi villages and different parts of Shillong.
Speaking at an election campaign rally on the 14th of this month at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District to seek support for the NPP MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dhar also announced the work of Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun has said that he has worked hard to improve the income and development of the constituency.
There shall be no public prayer at the residence of the Chief Minister or at the Secretariat or any public office! house you country.
“We have already directed the regional committee to start looking for the truth, to talk to those involved and the same step will be taken in other areas, to follow up on what has been done and we expect “We will soon be able to receive the report,” he said.
In the presence of Magistrate V.Swer who is also the BDO of Nongstoin Block and TS Marwein Officer Incharge, the matter started to collapse. Nongstoin Police Station and Bah KL Shylla Superintendent of Excise Department have tried to explain to these women and also the elders of the village that they did not use force or smuggle but they did according to the order of the High Court. Court and they also went according to the law.
However, the government has not yet made any preparations on how to react if the bridge collapses suddenly.
It is certain that while those others will accept it, those others will be discouraged and immediately reject it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25 : The MDA government should have called for talks with the Seng Bhalang, Rangbah Shnong and Religious Leaders to discuss and develop ways and means how to restore peace and order. and to restore peace.
She said that the Cabinet has also approved the proposal to increase the allocation of funds for DGPs, IGPs, DIGPs and SPs under Schedule IV of the Meghalaya Delegation of Financial Power Rule,
Considering these characteristics of the TMC, it is wrong to say that the TMC will be able to form a government after the 2023 MLA elections.
Young SC encouraged the team and once again Bankyntiew Ryntathiang scored the second goal which the team managed to save from being scored until the end. HANM Eastern West Khasi Hills District has won the title of the first ever tournament organized by HANM Eastern West Khasi Hills District to award Phan Nonglait the Hero of the Jaidbynriew.
He said that the Government of India has also learned about Kiang Nangbah, the current General to lead his troops and also about his last words that the country will receive. to independence within a hundred years.
The school fete will start from 2nd November.
Manas is understood to contest from the Congress party this time too.
She went home with her mother and some of her followers to prove her desire to reach the goal of serving the nation.
The KSU and other civil society organizations from time to time try to defame the BSF with unfounded allegations.
The police have arrested the suspect.
Noting that there are those who have a different view who want to cast doubt on India's performance, Prime Minister Duh said there has been a consensus on the G20 Declaration and that the system has been prepared for the future at this time.
Bran runs and goes to call her father.
Meghalaya Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma today said that during the Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly, the Congress will bring a resolution against the the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
It was customary for this family to eat early because they had no children.
Those who wish to audition must be 18 years of age or older, for supporting males and females 18 years of age or older, for actors for the role of a villain 35 years of age or older. and 8- to 14-year-old girls and boys.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the decision of the Supreme Court is a landmark for the state.
Besides, after the ban on mining and transportation of coal, the government has tried to fight against the mining of stone, khat shyiap, burning rnga but there are no other ways to provide employment to the people.
Therefore, the path forward for the farmer, the contractor, the self-employed, the shopkeeper, seems to be a little difficult and the reason is because those who want to work, cannot work. and he that needeth, hath no more money to give.
Because even from one part of the world you are still connected to another part of the world.
Besides this election wind which has been blowing across the villages, there have also been incidents in recent times which have affected the peace and order in the State.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has asked the owners of houses not to take rent from the tenants, but the Nongbylla Association has said that there are many owners of houses. The Prime Minister has been appointed to ensure that the tenants will not be evicted and the owners of the houses will not suffer. you're lost.
According to the union, the Assam government officials visited the land on the grounds that they claimed that the land was purchased by the Assam government. Government of Assam.
Meghalaya has already defeated both the teams in the round robin stage, and in fact Meghalaya has won all seven of the tournament. They have won 10 matches and will look forward to winning their last victory in this tournament to win the title.
I ask you to pray for these precious servants of God.
USE OF ALCOHOLS : Not only drugs, but also alcohol does not bring happiness in life.
In another development, the Chief Minister's Office said that they are still searching for the family members of the youth, who works in Agra, Uttar Pradesh and have directed those who recognize him to inform the police. the State.
“He congratulated them and urged them that if they belong to any group they should understand the value of the jaidbynriew.
Also present on the occasion were Diver Lyngkhoi, Gilbert Shangpliang, Member of the HFU, O Pdahkasiej from Phlangwanbroi and Member of the Central Body.
The JSU, Police Department and others participated in the wreath laying ceremony.
Awards will also be given to those who have completed the semester from 2017-2
The soldier, Pranab Kumar Ray, 38, of the Assam Regiment Glacier Unit, has been investigated since Saturday and has been ordered to remain in judicial custody. .
Now – ST: Shri Brigady SangmaMizoram: 1.
Alhamdulillah,” Owaisi wrote in a tweet and showed the bullet marks that entered his vehicle.
Replying to a question, the Minister said, “We want a clean and transparent process and therefore to allow everyone to participate we have said that we will allow others besides the names already proposed by the search committee and It is for this reason that we have advertised for proposals from those candidates who wish and it is for this reason that we have received two more names.
In the first half, Sawmer SC won by 10 goals through Ailumbha Rapsang in the 28th minute and Nongthymmai SC could not turn the tide until the end of the match. you won.
Prestone said the state government will soon start the construction of two more entry and exit gates, one at Bajengdoba and one at Ratachera.
In Ialong, up to 20 Women SHGs participated in the training. The training was conducted by Premri Pale.
By the end of the tournament, Assam had won the championship followed by Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim in second and third place respectively.
On Sunday, the leaders will pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat, and on the same day to conclude the meeting, the leaders will give their views on issues related to the future of the world.
Esther 4:16.
Shillong, November 11: The Enforcement Police of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today raided the foreign workers who work without work license.
“It is not known whether these foreigners are criminals from other states who have come to Meghalaya,” said a statement from Bah Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai Ïawphniaw. , General Secretary of HYC Mawlai Circle.
“*A person who is too clean and too clean in speech is often a hypocrite.
According to the Seng leaders, the Assam Police came to stop the contractor who is implementing this scheme on receiving information that he was sending water pipes to Ukiam village. .
However, although the Supreme Court has suspended the decision of the High Court, Meghalaya on the suspension of the powers of Rangbah Shnong, it is not firm yet as there is no complete law.
Leaders of the Nongstoin Block Trinamool Congress, accompanied by Macmillan Kharbani President, visited the village and held a meeting in which hundreds of residents, including The elderly, women and youth, have come to join the party as full office bearers, in order to work hard to win the party candidate in the election next year.
The office of the Sengkhihlang has announced in advance the date of the Lympung so that the Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij branches can put this date on their calendars.
Other EMs and MDCs of the Congress party were not seen at the flag raising ceremony until 3 pm.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: A few days ago, farmers have staged a protest against the government's use of fertilizers especially urea. of them have to stop farming first.
Before taking this decision, it was learned that Bah Pynshngain and other KHUDA leaders had informed the Congress authorities, and there was a directive that if it is true, it should be done.
Sean Kingston will perform for the first time in Tura on November 30 at Serenity Grove in Ballongre, West Garo Hills.
The incident happened last night in the village.
Police have also admitted that one of the arrested is a former member of the HNLC. All the arrested were taken to court on Saturday, where the court granted them bail. Police to investigate for five days the HANM leader and others arrested.
He said that although he cannot force too much on the will of the people, as a party member he will always support the party candidate.
After this match, the team will have to prepare well for the semifinal against Japan or Kazakhstan tomorrow (Saturday).
Shillong, June 15: East Khasi Hills District, which has been worst affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in the past three years, has now been free of Covid-19 cases with the recovery of all cases.
Mairang is one of the districts in Ri Khasi Hills where the largest number of Warjri parakurs have been established.
He said that the churches in Ri Khasi Jaintia have many mission fields across India, but corruption in the state has increased.
Think about this again, please be mature and think about the future.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga today were at war, but not on the border or on the field, but on Twitter.
Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd, based in Pune, on Tuesday lodged a complaint against unidentified persons and a Hong Kong company for hacking its site. bank, twice and stole T.94 crore, which they deposited in various accounts in India and abroad as well.
There have been various protests, the use of public money in festivals, and in many areas that the people of the state do not feel necessary.
Referring to the Mylliem Act, the president of the HNYM alleged that up to 70 percent of the Mylliem Act has failed because the KHADC has not looked into those laws.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the three departments of Zoology, Chemistry and Geography who have won the first place in the training courses. of Synod College Dr RM Lyngdoh.
“The government and the District Council should resolve this issue and if we don't get what we want we will not accept it,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai.
He said that the authority to grant permission or approval lies with the State Government as the CBI cannot interfere even if it wants to do so.
We should avoid buying fish so that there is no market.
Therefore, I cannot say, we are our own political party, we are walking with our own party,” he said. “I don't want to criticize the work of other parties.
When asked whether such votes will be considered invalid, the CEO said, “It is difficult, but after we have examined this matter we will take the necessary steps.
“The Union also invites the Leaders of the Women's/Longkmie and Youth Wings of the Dorbar Shnongs to attend this important meeting,” said Bah Blah.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Samlin said that as he promised during the elections, he wants to ensure that the distribution of the MLA scheme should be in front of the people and in a clean and transparent manner.
Most of the coal smuggled to Bangladesh via Dawki is produced from the coal mines at Nongtalang, said the General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah D.Myrchiang Amdap.
In order to streamline the activities from receipt to distribution and introduce sound procedures to ensure the quality of food, a number of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) have been introduced, from time to time, by the Department, in collaboration with the States and others involved in these activities.
Prof., School of Crop Improvement, College of Post Graduate Studies in Agricultural Sciences, Umiam, Ri Bhoi while Vivek Kumar, Research Scholar, Department of Environmental Science, NEHU presented the paper 'Your Planet needs you – unite to combat climate change' '.
After further questioning, Masood also expressed his desire to join the militant group and also planned to attack the United States with its support. they are not terrible.
When there is a fever, people clean the umngap with Sohmarit and soon the fever goes away.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today visited the Land Ports Authority of India, Dawki.
The four persons arrested include three men and two women, one of whom is a newborn who lives in Mawprem.
Speaking on the opening day of the state assembly, Malik said the state government is taking seriously the provision of health and education in the state.
When they had finished all this, they returned.
He said that the youth of Bri Hynniewtrep have the right to receive awards from the Jaidbynriew or the HNLC if they stand up to fight against the insurgents who threaten our people and our country.
Meghalaya has reported 643 deaths from COVID-19 with 18 deaths on Thursday.
Adrian said even Charles's parent party, the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal, has often readmitted suspended MLAs.
We also want to send a clear message to the Khasi women who protect the mynder that they should not protect the mynder who commit crimes lest they too be charged”.
This shows that this border area is the most dangerous among all the borders in the world.
In the 75 kg category, Bamang Tajik (St. Dominic's College) won by defeating Franky K Lamin Gashnga (Sankardev College).
However, he said there is also a directive from UCIL to reduce the number of employees as much as possible.
Under the leadership of the President of the HYC , Bah Batkupar Wanniang , they found that the foundation stone of the school which is still under construction has been moved and placed in the old school building margin.
Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech hoped that this money distributed to the producer groups, will be of benefit to them to meet their needs.
On the allegation that there is politics against the garbage dump in Jowai, Sniawbha said, “Whoever wants to do politics, those who want to contest elections, let them come to the polls to contest against it. Why don't you do politics?
Spain's Princess Maria Teresa of Spain has died at the age of 86 after contracting the coronavirus.
He said that as companies, they cannot stay here without being able to complete the work they have to do because the area they have to work is only about 0.5 KM which the state government has allocated. It has been approved by the Central Government to proceed with the construction of this road.
Members of the Christian community have expressed their strong opposition to the persecution and attacks on Christians at Jantar Mantar.
The right to freedom of speech and expression to explain and present issues to others as more educated and knowledgeable people who affect the country and the nation has been protected. in front of government employees.
The incident has also been lodged with the police along with a case under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
However, in my understanding, the behavior of the people here in Jaintia Hills is different from that in Khasi Hills.
“It is the duty of the officers in charge of the examination centers to ensure this if there is a strike by the deficit teachers,” he said.
The 1st Meghalaya International Open Grandmasters Chess Tournament 2023 started on Tuesday at the SAI Indoor Training Hall, NEHU. The India Chess Federation was inaugurated by the Director of Education and Literacy, Swapnil Tembe and Adviser of the MCA as the chief guest. Grand masters from 11 countries including USA, Russia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Georgia, Vietnam, Uzbekistan, Nepal and also players from different states of the country.
With the aim of encouraging and motivating the children and youth of the kur, three students who passed the top in the HSSLC and SSLC 2018 examinations were honoured.
I suggest we name it (JNU) MNU.There should be something under Modi’s name too).
Regarding Langpih, Pangniang said the HSPDP has done many great things such as including Langpih in the electoral roll and census and has transformed the area. Langpih Police Outpost and Langpih Polling Station which has been missing for 35 years.
These welfare measures relate to the amendments to the LIC (Agents) Regulations, 2017, the increase in the Gratuity Limit, and the Uniform Rate of Family Pension and others.
We are in the same country and under the same Constitution.
Daiaka Warjri scored 2/12 in four overs while Debasmita Dutta scored 1/36 in seven overs.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Manik Saha and the State President of the BJP, Rajib Bhattacharjee have already held meetings with the party leaders to discuss the issue. activities related to the preparations for the rally – which is also part of the party's preparations for the Lok Sabha elections to be held next year.
Extempore Speech competitions and others were also held during the program and awards were given to the winners of these competitions.
Also present were the Rangbah Shnongs of Deinchynrum, Wapung and other elders.
“Everyone is happy with this not only the Congress.
Isn't there a need to bring about a change in the job market after 50 years? The Government of India on 14th July 2019, introduced the 103rd Amendment to the Constitution by amending Articles 15(6) and 16(6) with a 10% allocation. for those who come from low income households (EWS).
Earlier, Dhanwan Singh Matharoo, chairman of Apex e-Learning Bangalore, was arrested on 9th October.
Shillong: A severe earthquake has struck Huroi village at around 9:00 am this morning.
The court sentenced Herman Shylla on 8th June 2024 to 10 years imprisonment and extended for another two months along with a fine of T.3 lakh to be paid to the families of the victim.
Many visitors to the Governor's House, expressed their pleasure to enter this park-like residence because of the beauty of the place, the flowers, the trees and the cleanliness.
He said that the Seng Khasi Kmie does not feel it is useful to attend the festival because it was invited only to dance without any discussion.
The Seng has organized this award ceremony for those students who have passed the examinations from SSLC HSSLC Degree and others as part of the efforts to encourage and motivate the students of The community and the area to continue their education and to be able to rise to higher levels.
The union also alleged that the Rangbah Shnong has misused his power by wearing a sarong to shoot and fight against people who are seeking the truth about the implementation of the scheme.
Paul said this when asked about his claim that there are about 2.5 lakh people in Meghalaya who have become addicted to drugs.
The Central Agriculture University (CAU), Imphal, on Monday, said that the university has decided that the admission of classes for undergraduate batches of students from outside the state will be banned. Manipur students studying at College of Agriculture, Imphal and College of Food Technology, Imphal for the years 2020-21, 2021-22 and 2022-23 will be held through online mode.
Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati is a former Chairman of the HNLC while James Sylliang is a former member of the HNLC. Julius in the past the HNLC used to have its own office to look after the issue of women not being raped and their office which is known On this occasion, Bah Sylliang said that he does not want to say anything and he cannot say anything yet, because it is the right thing to do. and Julius is still in the dark, and it is not yet clear whether he has done it or not.
The group of MDCs was led by the Chief Executive Member, Thombor Shiwat.
After opening the meeting, Bah Lapang said that the health department officials have confirmed to the EC that they will implement the MRI machine at Shillong Civil Hospital within two months.
In the midst of these sad encounters, as a poor woman, I don't have the right to pay back, but the question is, who will answer for the blood of his sheep before God the Creator? .
This has to continue and progress.
Shillong: Although the state government has implemented a curfew in the border areas with Assam to curb the movement of people and especially to prevent the spread of Coronavirus across India However, it was found that many quarries in Rani Jirang, Umtyrnga on the border with Assam do not believe the government's orders but are still operating.
On the other hand, u Rangbah urged the relevant authorities to take action against this incident which affects the lives and livelihoods of the people.
“The preparation for the construction of roads for this service has been going on since 2019 and the budget has come to about Rs 10 crore in 2022 for 5 KM of road in total,” he said. Mr. Gavin.
“I understand that the ban is to protect the environment and I cannot understand how the illegal trade in coal still exists and I want to know whether the mining of coal does not affect the environment?” he said. asked Mr. Ronnie.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 20: The Kamrup District Gorkha Kalyan Samiti, last month, held its 10th public meeting in Langpih area under the auspices of the Kamrup District Gorkha Kalyan Samiti. Nepali people live in Assam.
On the other hand, the President of the All Jaintia Hills Cement Factory Association, RK Pareek, said that Topcem Company, also known as Meghalaya Cement Ltd, has left to distribute food items to the refugees. SB Sahoo, an employee of Goldstone, said the company has distributed water, biscuits and lunch to the refugees.
In a statement, the Reallystar Nongspung Environment and Cultural Secretary, Seng Kmie said that this action of the organizers of the festival led by Sanjib Roy has killed the purpose of promoting and preserving the Dei riti. of the Khasi people whether in the dress, the dress, the dance or the customs.
Mawrie also demanded that the state government should implement the Education Act as soon as possible.
Don’t think about failure, think about possible.
“I came to inspect because the bridge will be demolished on Saturday evening,” she said.
The delay in conducting the examination also affects the bright future of the job seekers and often while conducting the examination, the youth have forgotten whether they are responsible or not and this has affected the working methods of this office.
FKJGP Western Zone President Bah C Doloi said that the union is deeply saddened by the lack of attention of the MeECL department to install the transformers as tragic incidents happen from time to time with the transformer. Umtangar village has no protection and poses a threat to the people especially children and wildlife.
From God's standpoint, He is the Father in heaven who can draw us closer when we begin the prayer by saying “FATHER”.
Speaking to reporters, Risinius Pathaw, President of the Meghalaya Blind Football Association, said that before they left for the tournament in Bangalore, they had tried to call Shakliar Warjri Minister. of the Sports Department to seek assistance but they have not been able to talk.
Mawsiang won 7-0 against Nangbah Khloopano.
in) from 25th November 2020 to 02nd March
“My parents were the first to join the Congress in the state at a time when the ethnic parties were strong in the state,” he told reporters.
The last decision taken on that day was the regularisation/confirmation. It was said that the work has been handed over to the Chairman and Secretary Unit APSTA to cooperate with the SDSEO office in providing the regularisation/confirmation. “The needs of all those who should get confirmation,” said a statement from Kong L Tiewsoh.
“We have a special room for Salman Khan,” said Vikram Singh, Superintendent of Jodhpur Central Jail.
He said he also wants to connect many villages in Khliehriat constituency and especially the road from San Village, Pynthorsale, Mukha Ialong, Mutong Chamcham and Lumshyrmit with the villages in War Jaintia.
Another project is for the development of Lumoparing at a cost of T.82,81,000/- This development work includes the construction of the road, the construction of the Sanbor Shullai Road and others. .
“What does the Commissioner in charge of the GST Department have to say?
Pynurba Village Rangbah Ras Rymbai, Village Secretary Hamlet Pdang, members of the village and youth of the village participated in the planting of hundreds of champa, puma and other trees. and they were planted in the field of the village called Pohsiej.
Dr Mukul Sangma has not revealed that the land in West Khasi Hills which has been accepted by the Assam government is the border dispute area. On the other hand, SMR urged the political parties to refrain from making political issues on the border issue and the Them Motor issue.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the work for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road project will start soon.
Shillong, March 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday found that Baridua Village has been suffering from severe water shortage for more than a year. .
One day, the master sent him away to eat grass.
According to Bah Chyne, the decision of the High Court is a matter of great concern to the residents of the state.
Smit, Naiwieng 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has strongly criticized the HSPDP and the Congress party for alleging that the holding of premature elections this time is due to the ruling Congress party in the state which has passed a law without any need. .
What is difficult to think about is that in these days from the people to the rulers and church leaders, they have become blind to see, deaf to hear and evil is called good and good is called bad. bad.
Our Rangbah also came immediately.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Rudy Shangpliang, one of the leaders, said that the purpose of the meeting was to strengthen and move forward for the victory in the 2023 but they rely on the MLA to elect a party or as an independent candidate to contest the election.
"“I am sorry to see, I am heartbroken because my father has passed away, three children, a house with a kitchen and a bedroom.
He said their demand is because since the Meghalaya government started registering their names on the electoral roll by taking pictures, all the residents have been voting in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the BJP leaders in Delhi will always inform him if they have anything to say.
In fact, they should not support this or that because this hospital is the oldest in the district which is like a mother compared to South West Khasi Hills.
Police also seized heroin weighing up to 4 grams and empty containers used to pack the drugs.
Sohmynting SC beat Khliehiongriang SC 2-1 in the first division football match of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
The AJYWO has vowed that in order to maintain peace and order, it will close down the illegal liquor shops in EJHD by filing an RTI on the work of the excise department in EJHD and on the smuggling. illegal liquor shops in EJHD and has also decided to lodge a complaint against, if necessary, against the illegal liquor shops.
The people and party leaders who spoke on the occasion, expressed their surprise at the behavior of the leaders in the state and who are completely different compared to the MLAs or leaders from Assam. , in which the leaders of Assam, have taken the initiative not to occupy or occupy the land belonging to Meghalaya and who have expressed their surprise to see the behavior of the leaders of Meghalaya, because even when they It was known that the land had been destroyed, but they remained silent and only occasionally came forward to speak.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The two-day fish market organized by the Fisher Department of the State Government at the Soso Tham Auditorium and State Central Library today was closed with the arrival of fish buyers.
In Manipur, with the Manipuri dress, in Uttarakhand, another dress and how many dozens of such dresses.
Nongpoh: Taking action on a tip that a vehicle leaving Guwahati for Shillong was suspected to contain drugs, Ri Bhoi Police today arrested a vehicle from Guwahati to Shillong. The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Tuesday conducted a search operation on vehicles heading to Shillong and seized one vehicle and arrested a man. was charged with drug trafficking.
On the other hand, Dr Mohrmen said that this is the first time that SURE has conducted a program in East Khasi Hills district and he expressed his gratitude to the Office of the District Planning Officer, East Khasi Hills District for supporting this programme. training.
The President of the KSU said, “All the sympathy of our fellow countrymen has ended only in the heart, it is time to show that it is hot and bright, whatever happens, whatever happens, in the past, there were insurgents on the border. Karbi Assam police have turned into rebels, from now on if there are any problems the government will have to take responsibility, they say don't take the law into your own hands but it applies only to our people and others doesn't work".
Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP, NKHD, said that the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, as the party can no longer respond to the complaints received from the people. , who expressed their anger against the MeECL department, for the increasing power outages which have caused serious problems to the people in many areas in Ri Bhoi.
Young parents, in particular, find it very difficult to set limits for their own children because of their knack for showing cause and reason that feels justified.
The government's turn to this group will help to bring more income to the country and also to provide mutual support.
Brain seeds on the fertilizer.
Some of them heard about it and immediately took him home to take care of him until he regained consciousness.
When asked why the BJP has not reached its goal even though it has nominated many candidates; Mawrie said the main reason is that other political parties accuse the BJP of hating Christians or being an anti-Christian party. People who take advantage have produced videos showing that the BJP has the power to destroy churches.
To do that, it is necessary to amend the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act because this Act has become very weak with the passage of time and that is why drugs will spread. until he has spread the word especially to the youth of our country.
Meanwhile, North Liberty H/S School beat HK Singh Memorial Secondary School 3-2 in the tie breaker.
When we got home, he gave us a Brezer because we didn't have a slave to cook, and I ate with Maggie.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has three candidates including Hoping Stone Lyngdoh's brother-in-law Doffley L Nonglait, MDC LG Nongsiej and Hoping's driver Daiostar Jyndiang.
At that time, he tried again to deceive her by sending her to say that it was her sister's shop. Once again, the woman shook her head and said, 'I don't know. you're mine'
If this happens again and again, the party will not be able to remain silent, but will have to take other measures to protect its land.
Meanwhile, Bah Jambor War, Executive Member, is in charge of the District Administration and Taxation.
The source said that the BSF has recorded the seizure of large quantities of drugs, mostly heroin, in Rajasthan and Gujarat. The same is true of the letters sent by the central government agencies.
Those who receive it, let them receive it, and those who refuse it, let them refuse it.
I don't mean to say that we lack people in KAS. It's just that the demand still needs me to work, and one is to demand to make Khasi the Official Language,” he said. adding, “Going into politics from being a teacher was a decision I had to think about a lot.
RN Ravi, who is the representative of the Indian government and the Nagas, was elected as the Governor of the state today.
He said that talks with the Indian government are ongoing to look into the path of the next step in the implementation of the ILP. On railway projects in the state, Sangma said the ILP is an opportunity to look into the issues of foreign immigration.
The road from Shillong to Pynursla, Dawki from Laitlyngkot to Sharum has been very bad in these days due to the heavy rainfall as many places have fallen into the ground and stones as happened in Rngaindang. shen, and the travelers were afraid because it was not very peaceful.
NEIMA has also submitted a petition to Pala for the construction of a well, a building for the Vocational Training School, computers and water supply for the orphanage.
Shillong: The Farmer Beneficial Group Nongkynrih in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai has organized a District Level Promotion of Arts and Culture at Laskein B village. beit the custom of the old custom.
Police also recovered a 12 bore shot gun and seven cartridges from the suspect.
“What your parents buy should be yours.
In Ri Bhoi District, one case has been reported and in East Garo Hills, one case has been reported.
PA Sangma, Conrad's father, died in October 2016 and it is believed that Conrad had a close relationship with Dr Donkupar Roy.
The lead actress of the film 'Khohwah Nongsor' Barisha Mawlong said that the theme of the film shows that when young women come to study in the city they forget the dress they used to wear in their village but they must begin to follow foreign customs.
“I am happy that in any case, we have been able to help raise the poor from the outskirts of the state. “I don't know why, but I want to guide others not to be like me,” said Sanat Basaiawmoit, a singer. .
“When we turn to agriculture, there is no policy, there is no policy on electricity except in Maharashtra and Gujarat, there is no policy on forests and surrounding areas, there is no policy on labour, skill development, organic farming. There is no policy, we are still lagging behind in tourism,” said Khar-ir.
The reporter got out of the vehicle to investigate the incident to find out why the road was blocked.
The elections to the KHADC will be held on the 24th of June and will last for more than 10 months.
Christian Eriksen scored in the 16th minute, Son Heung Min in the 23rd and 70th minutes and Lucas Moura in the 70th minute. 35 and Harry Kane in the 61st minute, Manchester United beat Huddersfield 3-1 with goals from Nemanja Matic in the 28th minute and Paul Pogba in the 28th minute. 64 and 78, while Mathias Jurgensen scored for Huddersfield in the 88th minute.
The Village Organization Priang in collaboration with the KSU Priang conducted a training on the impact of child marriage on Monday.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Maiñbor Khyriem said that after receiving a complaint that some of the traders were selling illegally, without renewing their documents in the area, the union has decided to raid the area. He said that almost all of these traders are trading through expired documents, so the union through the Sier Lapalang Operation will not stand idly by, but will check from time to time. They also demanded that the Government should immediately implement the ILP in Meghalaya so that the illegal entry of foreigners can be curbed.
Q. Does the poor have the right to stand for election? Ans.
Banisha relies on her mother and brother when they accept or reject, but she is confident that only the pastor will understand the value and position.
Although there have been frequent earthquakes in this area, the 14th of June has been the most painful for the people of this area as it is the first time that it has claimed lives.
And at the same time, the lack of knowledge of how to prepare for tomorrow.
Donkupar is the EM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the chairmanship of CEM Pynshngain N Syiem and is one of the UDP MDCs who has not withdrawn his support from the PDF despite the party's decision to elect the party. remove.
Friends United Jowai beat Khimmusniang Jowai by 21 runs in the 2023 Open Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association.
When Rupang visited the pharmacy, it was seen that there were hundreds of boxes of bad medicines which were kept separately in one room to avoid mixing with the good medicines.
Nongpoh: U Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Secretary to the State Government, today inaugurated the new building of the Nehru Memorial Higher Secondary School, Umsning.
“The foundation stone was laid for the construction of Raid Laban College and a park at Maxwelton Estate but it failed.
The MCTA also raised questions regarding the implementation of the training facilities according to the current era of training through the implementation of the NEP, the lack of own office rooms for the teachers to conduct online classes and also expressed the conflict between the provision of facilities and the shortage of NEHU in terms of preparation.
“I am very happy that you have come.
Should the government and the health department examine and provide awareness to the public about the consumption of various titles if possible.
It is about 100 km from the city of Tabriz, one of the largest cities in Iran.
The Gospel of Mark also records the same in chapter 13 (Mk 13:7-8).
Although Bah HM Shangpliang is no longer the MLA of Mawsynram constituency, he has not abandoned the people when they face problems.
The next day, on the 11th, the same policeman, went back to the house at 2:15 pm, and said that as soon as he saw the CRP policeman, the husband Hussain shouted and called for people, and after a while the crowd arrived at the scene and bombed and tied the policeman and tried to take him to Mendipathar PS. Only halfway before reaching the police station, the CRPF stopped and attacked the crowd at the Indoor Stadium and managed to rescue their man from the hands of the crowd.
The scheme worth 4.36 crore tyngka was prepared and implemented by the MLA of Mairang who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and who has also been able to acquire 5 acres of land in the village. Moses was near Manai.
The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has selected 31 athletes to take part in the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 to be held from 17th to 18th of this month at Talkotara Indoor Stadium, New Delhi.
On 15th November 2021, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo and the Incident Commander of Zone 5, Monica Shira Kshir, expressed their gratitude to the R&R Colony Welfare Society. and Community Covid Management Team of the village on the failure to complete the vaccination of those who are 18 years of age and above.
Since when did the Aadhar become law in Meghalaya? When did the Supreme Court rule that Adhaar should become compulsory?
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 22 new cases have been confirmed and 255 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
From Meghalaya, only Donbor Rumnong will take part in the tournament which has about 1,500 participants from 100 countries.
He also recalled that the words of the wise say, “A foolish mind is the sword of the wicked”.
"Inter Miami's Lionel Messi is the player who will stand against Haaland in the race for the first place.
In the third match, Azriel beat SCB 45-23 and in the last match, Kingsmen beat SASWJ 43-3 competition.
Regarding the incident in Roorkee, a Christian leader named Sister Sadhna led a prayer service inside the church at Sonali Puram Roorkee Uttarakhand on the morning of March
One BSF personnel was killed in the shooting while on patrol at Chhote Baithiya Border Security Force camp in Kanker district this morning.
“I have no intention of joining the party under the leadership of people who have moved from one place to another and have no basis,” said Bah Pathaw.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has strongly opposed the Indian government's plan to implement the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
Other leaders who spoke included Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem, Bah Manuel Badwar, Bah JA Lyngdoh and other Congress office bearers in Mawlai who spoke about the good works done by the MP and the Congress Government. from the independence of India to the independence of Meghalaya.
She said that this is not the first time that the school has done well in the SSLC examination because in 2003 one of the students of the school got the first rank in the MBOSE and now another student has got the first rank. I brought the name of the school.
Some of the most important issues of Ri Khasi which the true and righteous leaders of the people of Ri Khasi will soon elect to the District Council who should take care to fight against corruption. They are to strengthen the protection against the displacement of any ethnic groups who are not entitled to settlement in the Khasi Hills. Assam or Bangladesh and then they should strive to strengthen the trade in their country so that they can increase the income of their fellow countrymen as soon as possible and by this we will be able to prevent that he may not be able to do anything in our country.
Overall, the Manthan Conclave demonstrated the efforts to develop skills and encourage local entrepreneurship in the North Eastern Region of India through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and exploring solutions on how to acquire new technologies.
On the other hand, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Congress Spokesperson and MDC Mylliem, said that the people should understand now that politics is the life and death of them and their children should not just they turn away their inheritance just because they have money.
The growth rate in the country over the years is 36 %.
When he rises again, the earth should be slightly dry and the sky should be mostly dry.
Eight other cases are undergoing treatment at Silchar Medical College and Hospital (SMCH), three from Cachar, three from Hailakandi and two from Tripura.
Maila said he has no husband or children and now lives with his youngest brother in Langpih.
The last days are also the end times of human life here on earth before the seventh year, which Daniel calls the SON.Daniel 9:2 There will be great tribulation such as has never happened before.
“We have made it clear to the residents of the State that the second round of talks will start soon and we will look into this,” he said.
Police from Umsning Police Station, on receiving information about the incident, immediately rushed to the scene to investigate the incident and today they towed away the truck carrying Umphniang, which fell into the Umran River.
Kyntiewbor Pohshna, daughter of Rom Dhar, owner of the hospital, which has been open since 9th June, 2017, also delivered welcome speeches.
In another match, Iawmulong Nartiang beat Evergreen 1-0
Why are there so many evils now? The main reason is Social Media, Because it has been misused.
When inquired, Malngiang said that the order to require the students to wear uniforms was issued by the Governing Body of the College.
Therefore, the Union of Elders Zone-VI Shillong Archdiocese has invited the Catholic Church to attend this tournament as an encouragement to the Elders and also to perform the rituals. Therefore, I would like to thank God the Creator for the conclusion of this Lympung with a Holy Mass on the Lord's Day.
However, the Division Bench said, “Because the state government and the Harijans are still negotiating to resolve this issue outside the court to reach an agreement, the court has not decided. want to challenge".
All these are within our party,” said Sanki Shylla.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 10: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Nongkhum Circle on Friday visited the two sub health centers in Byrki and Sangriang. Medical and Health Officer of West Khasi Hills at its office to discuss the matter.
Several elders who took part in the founding of the club, Bah Presly Marbaniang, Dr Edmund Khongthaw and others were present on the occasion.
Julen, who replaced Zinedine Zidane in July, but after Sunday's defeat to Barcelona, ​​forced Real Madrid to sack him as coach. the Club.
Speaking on the rules and regulations, Bah Paul said that the duties and functions of the VDPs will also include to assist the police force in maintaining peace and order, especially when necessary. to patrol the areas assigned to the parties to prevent theft, robbery and other illegal activities in order to protect the lives of people as well as property.
The women danced all night until dawn.
“Some of the highways and minor roads in the rural areas have been damaged, bridges have been destroyed by the heavy rain,” he added.
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Badaribha Nongshli. The song was attended by Khasi tyngshops and purons, including Sherilin Khongwar and Wellborn Mynsong.
When the Seng inquired from the villagers, they received information from them that it is the reason for the loss of the transformer in this village.
The auditors include Mr. Echwamitre Laloo and Mrs. Datohthij Laloo while the Advisers include Mr. Chibor Najiar and Mr. Hamewan Laloo.
“His failure to do anything to re-appoint the laboratory has led to the closure of the laboratory due to the lack of lab technicians,” said the leaders.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Baranwal, said that in these two villages, all the necessities such as equipment and houses have been provided for the separation and disposal of garbage. jabain and also to make fertilizer.
The HNYF's statement came after a woman expressed her grief by sending an email to Rupang.
Nongmynsong SC beat Gorkha 2-1
There will always be a time and place when the people will make a decision.
The Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) is a scheme that provides financial assistance to Villages, Kurs and individuals who come out to preserve and protect the forests in Meghalaya.
NEHUTA has written to the Vice Chancellor and Chairman of the Executive Council of NEHU several times, but he has ignored the matter, said a statement from Prox XP Mao, President and Marbhador M Khymdeit. There have been 55,079 new cases of coronavirus in India today and 779 deaths.
Rangkynsai Kharbuki, EM in charge of Trade, said, “From now on, there should be no more kilos.
We cannot ask God or in the name of Jesus without believing and believing in what we ask of Him.
Shillong, July 25 : Despite a career of less than two years, she has won six medals in arm wrestling in competitions abroad and abroad. also the same.
Shillong, July 8: The minimum temperature in the past 24 hours has been extremely cold in Shillong, with the minimum temperature dropping to -0.7 degrees Celsius. of the coldest days of the new year
In ancient times, God chose Jerusalem to build the Temple there, saying, “That my name may be there.2 Chronicles 6:6
The meeting was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong Bah S Pyngrope, Secretary Bah Lewis Jyrwa, Rangbah Shnong and SDO PWD By Pass Division, SDO PHE Electrical Division.
The HYC will soon leave to convey these problems to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, Local MLA Gigur Myrthong and to demand that the to demand the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Maweit.
On the other hand, the BJP President said that the central government has temporarily suspended the aid and after resolving these issues, it can continue the aid.
For Classes VI to VII, it is 4 kilos.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has decided to introduce the same science textbooks for Class XI, after protests from booksellers and parents. khohreh without giving the right time.
How can this meaning be explained because everyone knows that this means the death and life of many churches.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah K.Blah said that this donation is part of the support to these families who are facing poverty or cannot afford to repair their homes. He expressed his concern that in the midst of poverty, the family is suffering from the poverty of the family. another challenge when some family members are in different health conditions.
Shillong, Naitung 6: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has fixed the date for the KHADC dorbar on the 9th of November to elect a new Speaker.
HANM said that according to the report of the rangbah, last month in June the bill reached only T.610 tyngka while in the month of June it reached T. The owner of the house was surprised because he burned more fires in the month of June than this month and he said that this month the fire burns more but the bill is higher this month. than last month that he had gotten proper use of fire.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, the BJP urged the party to respect the decision of the party that both the BJP MLAs should have equal opportunity to serve especially in terms of also their maturity and support to the Government.
He said they could not postpone the date of the match because the tournament committee had fixed the date of the final.
Kloi to donate 80% of his salary for the development of the constituency7
“I can't help more because they have up to 5 shops, but only a little bit as a sign of encouragement and they themselves will try to find ways and means to start and run the work", he said.
The UDP has also set up a committee to look after the party's activities in the MDC elections. The members of the Manifesto Committee include Bindo M Lanong as Chairman and Teinwell Dkhar as Chairman. , Moonlight Pariat, Lamdibok Sumer, Finely Bareh, Donbok Khymdeit and Equator Nongrang.
In Ribhoi District, there are 9 cases, including 6 civilians and in West Garo Hills, 13 cases, including 3 civilians.
Shillong: Mawphansnar SC beat Dilingiem SC 6-0 in the 5th Football Knock-Out Tournament 2019-20 at Nongspung on Saturday. in the field of Mynrad.
The mass uprising of 27 June 1952 paved the way for the subsequent uprising, which led to the uprising for independence.
“We expect that in the future the Hima will find out the facts before criticizing anything and as elders we are ready to explain or even correct if there is anything wrong.
We wish you many more blessings.
May 2021.
Bah Pynïaid said that the District Council itself is an independent body, the MDCs are not under the authority, but they work and take decisions on the basis of responsibility.
If you read it once, you won’t be able to wait to read it again and again.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang said that he came to watch Johkhe.com at Bijou Cinema with his family because he used to watch the films of Maheh Marboon Laloo and Dao Toi in the past. that's too much to do.
Furthermore, in addition to the above demands, the groups have any objections to the appointment of teachers at the Upper Primary Level in any school and are ready to participate and cooperate with various staff. to improve education in all the areas which have been neglected and discriminated against in terms of education by the state government and said that since the state got its own state completed in 1972.
“If we count the funds collected and the bills of the contractors, KHADC has spent about T.1 crore for the two-day festival in 2013,” said the Shella MDC.
Pala said this decision was taken to ensure that the party will be able to put forward its views on the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Basaiawmoit said the HSPDP demands that the government should not pass the Village Administration Bill (VAB), 2015 which has been passed by the KHADC. when drafting a state law to empower village headmen.
It is very sad to talk to that Rangbah, who said that he wants to speak to the media whether in print or electronic media, but he does not want to speak or tell the truth, because If he tells the truth to the media, by showing his picture, it means that soon he will be summoned by the Assam Police, who will ask him many questions and also promise to shot ban dat ha ban da jem.
Speaking to reporters, Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, yes, some of these foreign trips are on invitations to meetings, delegations and so on. various programs such as foreign investment projects, capacity building programs and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The 'Khadi Mahotsav' on the theme “Khadi for Nation, Khadi for Fashion” has started to be celebrated from this year onwards in all parts of the state from 2nd until April 31, 2023.
The Olympic champion, who also won gold medals in the 5,000 and 10,000m, has announced her return to sports after a recent injury. Olympic champion Peres Jepchirchir and London champion Yelamzerf Yehualaw have won the title.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mariem Area Unit, South West Khasi Hills has expressed its support for the construction of the 2-lane road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji by BSC C&C JV. Secretary of the union, Bah Moonkingstar L Paliar, said that the union will go to the authorities to talk to the authorities about the affected families from the construction of the road.
“If we talk about the issue of employment, it is no longer a new issue for the KSU. Since 2001-02 it has been one of the issues we have been discussing at that time.
The arrested person and the seized drugs were handed over to Jirighat Police Station and the investigation into the incident is ongoing, police officials added. .
The Dorbar has approved the appointment of the Sordar of Tynriang.
After investigation, police recovered the soap box containing drugs from the vehicle and seized the drugs weighing 15 grams.
To get rid of this problem, the dignity of our state, it is only necessary to abolish the High Level of the MDA Government. High Level think only of their own interests and gains.
The example mentioned earlier is the Kamakhya language, which is widely accepted as Sanskrit throughout India and the world, but the Khasi people or even the Kharlum Kharthor from neighboring Hynniewtrep know it. It is clear that it is the root of the Khasi language Ka Meikha.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Lambhalang Nongshli, Bah Peter Lawai, Sordar Mawryngkneng, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, General Secretary Mawryngkneng and other elders and people.
Kishan scored 128 runs off 223 balls including 17 fours.
“For the MP ticket, we have not discussed the candidates although some of them have expressed their desire to contest the MP election,” said Titosstar.
“The police harassed the students by shooting them in the face, lathi bombs and water cannons.
“Yes, I have talked to Conrad to bring a resolution in the House on behalf of the government to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 5th Schedule of the Constitution,” said Dr Donkupar Roy. Try to think today.
Margareth, who is also known as I deng, is a great inspiration to all young people and is the singer of the cassette album of the song “Jingkieng Ksiar” in
The CM promised to pay the salaries of the council employees before Behdieñkhlam on 11th November after a meeting of the Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat as CEM on 8th November at his office.
Nongpoh: U Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi Constituency, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the increasing number of cases of violence against women and especially children in Ri Bhoi District.
The HYC has also met with the Secretary in charge of the market to discuss the issue of the right of these foreigners to trade and work in this area without proper documents.
“Speaking on the occasion, some of the elders of Maikhuli village expressed their strong opposition to the inclusion of many villages in Assam and especially the pond of the village. They said that the pond falls within the border of Meghalaya and there is no ownership or claim on the pond by Assam as it has been financially supported by the Meghalaya government. to improve it.
“On the other hand, he congratulated the Government for setting up a Search Committee under the leadership of the Chief Secretary to search for experts for the Expert Committee.
SHILLONG: Police in West Garo Hills district, have apologized to a woman, after some of the policemen robbed her of her goods.
Therefore, the people took to the streets to protest against this action of the Assam authorities.
The KSU Shangpung Unit has urged the law enforcement authorities to punish Ngaitlang Suchiang, the mother of this child, who was arrested by the police on the 14th of this month and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Informing that former Nongpoh MDC Rona Khymdeit will also join the NPP on 22nd October, Sniawbha said the NPP's vote count has increased by 10 lakh votes.
“The CSWO strongly opposes the proposal to extend the DGP and others as this is against the rules and regulations of the government,” said the CSWO. and if it violates it means there was something behind it.
This year's cave entry method is more difficult as most of the caves are directly down to a depth of 85 m from the top to the bottom.
“The Vice President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Arwan Tariang, said that the Seng Khasi Kmie has organized this Shad Suk Mynsiem to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India and the 50th Anniversary of Independence of India. the state of Meghalaya.
“Tip, seh kpa, that's enough?” said the mother.
Shillong: The Minister and Spokesperson of the State Government, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the demand for Winter Capital of the AC HIK which is currently pending in Tura. , is not appropriate to approve, because the capital is Shillong.
The test will be held on the 21st July 2022 at Star Public School, Lumshnong from 1 pm to 2.30 pm. Fifty students who pass the test will receive this scholarship.
Jowai, November 21: Assam Police of Kalain Outpost, a few kilometers from Malidor, have recovered the body of a taxi driver in Jowai. It is highly suspected that they are the robbers who killed him and stole the car.
Shillong, Naitung, 12: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that he has informed the Chief Minister and Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Labour. Protest against the decision of the district administration to impose Section 144 CrPC across Shillong since Tuesday night.
Scientists and staff of ICAR and CAU also had a meeting with the Minister on the evening of the 17th on many issues related to agriculture and livestock.
There are also government authorities that have issued orders that do not allow everyone to have a bank account because digital/cashless transactions are not allowed instead of cash. .
Landabhur lives abroad and has the same lifestyle as his young brothers in the mountains. He is a farmer and enjoys spending his free time with his fishing boat.
The union strongly opposes the arrest of youths just because they are suspected, but they don't want to touch the corrupt.
From the holding of Cooperative elections in Nandakumar in November 2022 to the by-elections in Sagardighi in October 2023, the opposition's consensus has been revealed for The Trinamool Congress, which has been in power in the state for the past 11 years, is contesting against the party.
However, since the Meghalaya Police Station has been established in Langpih, even those Nepalis who used to mushlia and create trouble have stopped.
This happened at about 1:30pm while it was hot to play and swim in the area where people from all over India and Bangladesh used to come to walk.
Asuk was wearing violet slippers, a violet jacket and blue jeans.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur, Bah Salty Ryngkhlem, said, “We will support Bah Adelbert Nongrum and if the government delays in passing the VAB, we will go and sit down. just eat".
When asked who the Congress party will contest from Shella Constituency in the upcoming elections, Bah Les said that at present there is no exact information as the party has not invited applications for the candidates who intend to contest. he was elected to the election.
This law poses a great threat especially to our vulnerable people.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The wife of Bangladesh BNP leader Salahuddin Ahmed, Hasina Ahmed today left Dhaka to visit her husband from Shillong who is undergoing civil hospital treatment. Hospital,Shillong.
The seizure of power by a single group or groups of majorities around the world continues today.
Therefore, the Federation urges all the people with disabilities who are in this shatri and others to join hands with this protest to force the government to fully implement our rights. The Federation also appealed to the civil society organizations, which look after the welfare of the state to support them. people with disabilities.
“This year's celebration will not be the same as every year due to the lack of peace and order in the state,” he said.
Sangma was speaking at the two-day G20 Space Economy Leaders Meeting (SELM) on 17th June, which was hosted by Shillong in collaboration with the Department of Space at the Hotel. Courtyard by Marriott, Shillong.
They drink methanol in the belief that it will kill the coronavirus if it is in their bodies.
“This statement shows that she doesn't know anything about the Khasi people because she doesn't live in this country and she lives with her foreign husband,” said Samla Donboklang. Mehta' and it's just a Khasi job just to get votes from the people of Meghalaya.
In an article in the Sun, she said, “Two years ago, before I celebrated my 50th birthday, I decided that I would never sleep with my husband again. In four and a half years, we haven't fought like that anymore and I'm in a relationship where we haven't made love and slept together for decades.
On the same day, the Association paid tribute to Bah Hamletson Dohling who was the founder of MLSA in 2012 for his contribution over the past 10 years.
The Congress MDC said that they will also move cut motions of the budget to discuss key issues.
King Porus also stationed his mighty army along the river Jhelum.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF-West Jaintia Hills District) and the Fight Against Corruption Team (FJD) today decided to raise a complaint against the illegal activities committed by the Jaintia Hills District. Hills Autonomous District Council, regarding the sudden appointment of 56 employees without any public notice and only a few former MDCs and three officials of the Council did not want to to reveal your name.
When walking up and down, especially around Iewduh, Motphran, Khyndai Lad, Garikana and other parts of Shillong, it seems that the weather has cooled down compared to those months. and the people were afraid, and were afraid.
The NEP states that teaching should be allowed in three languages ​​and English and Khasi or Garo are the languages ​​that school children know and are easy to read and write.
Therefore, as a sign of protest, the shopkeepers inside the Williamnagar market have closed their shops this afternoon, which has caused a lot of trouble even though the festive season is approaching. to celebrate, Christmas.
The insect can be killed in the seeds by heating the seeds to about 140 degrees Fahrenheit, or by treating them with a chemical called carbon disulphide.
The needs of all, whether rich or poor.
“On the part of the union, we make it clear that we cannot accept this public hearing until the land is dug from a large area.
The officer also urged the farmers not to use fertilizers, but to use natural fertilizers such as egg and cow water for the best yield. .
During the meeting, the Governor urged the principals of universities to make their campuses adequate to provide adequate services to the students in the state.
At the same time, he congratulated the parents, students and teachers of the school for their cooperation in the implementation of the school. but they really had that spirit of perseverance.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 273 with 35 new cases.
Rangbah Skor Jala, who came to perform the sacrifice on this day, expressed his surprise because he did not know that there would be such an incident.
Is it because this government is run by the people of Assam?”
On this occasion, Kong Phidalia disagreed with the minister's actions and said that it was a personal hatred.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger on Thursday said that Lakhan Singh was shot dead by a group of robbers while he was on his way home to Jhalupra. on the 4th of this month at Anjali Petrol Pump, Shillong.
Speaking to media after the meeting, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that during the meeting, the Congress party has promised to support the decision to come. Government to implement ILP in Meghalaya.
I'm so sorry for the doctor's heart when I see this.
Aizwal, November 03 : The Mizoram Football Association (MFA) and the Reliance Foundation (RIL) have started the RFYC Naupang League in Mizoram on November
The decision was also informed to the Speaker of the House, Thomas A. Sangma after the party held its meeting on Tuesday.
Umiam, 17 Jymmang: On Saturday at 10:30 pm, Kong Kharpuri and James Sylliang have left the ARPA. In the morning, a police vehicle (ML 10-7265) collided with the road at Lad Umsaw.
On that day, the Karbi people from Umkhyrmi village came in large numbers and stamped Umkhyrmi Area No 9 on the boundary stones of Mukroh village.
Rupang today visited several households in Mawklot village who have benefited from this scheme and found that these households are still empty while the work has been stopped due to lack of funds. , a family has already demolished their old house due to lack of space to build a new one.
The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 13th June, lodged a complaint against the post on its Facebook page titled “Ka Sur U Myndie for the Country and the Nation”. the party is all over.
Jessica Marak (1/14) and Chigame Marak (1/18) took wickets for NGH.
He praised James K Sangma for taking the initiative during his tenure in the Power Department to revive this project which was abandoned by the previous government with a target to be completed. beat within these five years.
He also reminds us that the birth of Jesus Christ is the only Savior of the world.
Coe said Poland has always been the best country to host the WA Games; It has already hosted the World Athletics Relays in Silesia in 2021 and the World Athletics Half Marathon Championships in Gdynia in
However, since his wife and all his children had become Christians, he too became a Christian.
In the villages, only the backwardness.
“Our victory in these two constituencies is because the people have understood the agenda which has led us to win two constituencies out of three.
On the other hand, u Niman Shadap said that this awarding ceremony for Beholden Dkhar is part of the encouragement to him for his brave deed to save the life of this great man. This news will reach the old man.
These projects include the construction of Laitumkhrah Market, Polo Market, Anjalee Parking Lot, Motphran Parking Lot, cleaning of Umkhrah River and so on.
Twenty-two teams from different villages of Mawlai Nongkwar have come to take part in the tournament.
Since the Second Vatican Council, and especially during the reign of Holy Father John Paul II Bd.
Earlier, the BJP Meghalaya and the UDP had said that Dr Mukul Sangma's prediction that Meghalaya would become self-sufficient in the next six or seven years was merely a public deception.
Ephesians 4:26-27.
The traffic jam, which has been long, seems to never end and the passengers inside the city have had to endure the traffic jam and endless waiting.
I don't have a prize if I win.
There is one distillery plant, one brewery plant and three bottling plants in the state.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 642, in East Khasi Hills, 433, BSF, 96, civilians 267 and soldiers
