Shillong: Umpling SC and Sunriser have qualified for the final of the PFR Veteran Cup after winning the semi final match at Malki Stadium on Friday.
Thank you very much to Bah Bindo M.Lanong, Ex-Speaker, Ex-CEM, Ex-CEM, who has made the readers of the newspaper to turn back to my long article which is up to 7 pages A4 size.
Besides the chief guest and the author, Bah SS Majaw who supervised the publication of this book and also Bah RM Shabong Editor of U Rupang newspaper who gave a speech. honor also this old man.
The amended Act will also not apply to the Sixth Schedule areas of the North East, CNN News 18 reported.
WhatsApp Number – 60091-96479.
James said that the shooting has shocked the residents of Langkyrding, Mawpat, Nongmensong and has affected the sick, the teachers, the nearby schools and the dead.
On this day, the students performed in various ways.
The four parties condemned the police chiefs such as the DGP, CM Conrad Sangma, Deputy CM PT Tynsong and Lakmen Rymbui in charge of the Home Department and all the Ministers and MLAs of the MDA government, who did not take action. to bring peace and stability in the state especially in the border areas.
Teinwel said that in the struggle there is always a struggle but he admitted that except for those who betrayed the group, everyone is united.
A post mortem examination will be conducted at NEIGRIHMS to confirm the exact cause of death of the child, the source said.
Meanwhile, a group of organizations including the Tangkhul Catholic Community, Shillong and the Naga Elders' Forum, Shillong have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister. and to the Minister of Home Affairs to demand an inquiry into this incident and to arrest and punish immediately those involved in this crime.
According to the officials, the road has been constructed by the Assam government from Umkhyrmi to Khatkhasla for a length of about 10 kilometers under the central government scheme.
While Birin was helped by King Nelfinia (29).
He also stressed on the importance of cleanliness and urged everyone to keep the community clean.
Alexander is likely to contest again from the BJP in the current elections after leaving the party in the past three years.
“In the Meghalaya government, there are about 55,000 government employees when our population is in the lakhs of thousands of which 55,000 are government employees. said.
Now there is cancer for which there is no cure.
The Union in these few months has witnessed the working methods of this DC in which he has done many things for the development of the district as a whole especially for the peace and stability of the residents. you are in the border area.
He also urged them not to hesitate to inform him about their problems as he is their leader and they can call at any time.
Nongpoh, November 29: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NCC) on Tuesday, Tuesday, sent a letter to the Nongpoh Town Committee against the dumping of garbage at the garbage dump at Umshangling village, Ri Bhoi District. Pahamrioh Circle Village Council have visited the area, which has caused a terrible snowstorm and has affected the health of the people in the village.
Speaking to reporters at the Farmers' Dorbarbah at the Convention Hall in Shillong, Chief Minister K. Sangma said that he has not yet been able to advise the Government of India on the introduction of the railway line. part of the Khasi Hills as this is in the midst of discussions between the Government and those involved in the operation of the railway.
Can these laws of yours cure these diseases of the nation?
Educational Qualification:- Degree in Science with Chemistry as one of the subjects.
During that 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ, the new Jerusalem will come down from heaven. “And I saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God” Revelation 21:2
If Aadhaar is 666, how many people have been registered since 23rd September 2013? Don't think that the killing of ISIS and the killing of Corona come from Aadhaar.
“We will continue to discuss and explain to everyone on this but after that if they continue to oppose the government will decide how to act.
He said that up to 6.5 lakh villagers have benefited from this scheme, while the number of Self Help Groups (SHGs) in the State has increased from 4000 in 2018 to 40,000 so far.
The VDP has warned the owners of coke factories not to bring in foreigners without proper documents.
Whether this article is true or not, these two people who want to create ethnic differences while the state is in the midst of peace and stability should be strongly condemned. insult the Khasi Garo and Jaintia people and the writing is a source of racial discrimination.
In his short speech, he congratulated the youth of the village who have been elected to lead the State.
“Someone phoned us all 11 to come to the police station and after we went the police said that they had violated the lockdown and therefore they were all summoned to appear before the police station,” he said. state.
He said that in 10 or 15 years of leadership, the people will ask what you have done.
Now that they are Ministers, they feel that they have enough supporters but only in 2023 to contest the MLA election, they will have to go and canvass to the people in different villages.
After the speech of Bah Pyndap, the leaders of KHNAM threw lights on the whole body of the statue, which was dressed in a blue jean and a white shirt. The fire stopped for a while in the area, and within a few minutes it turned into a fire because it was covered with dead plants.
The HSPDP Mawthadraishan has strongly condemned the actions of Bah Blandingstar Warjri MDC because within six months of his election, he has broken his promise to stand firm. on the principles of the party that succeeded him.
The construction of the assembly hall, which started in July 2019, slowed to completion on schedule due to the pandemic.
As a result, these three people were injured but not seriously.
Blood donation for emergency treatment is essential as a voluntary contribution to ensure that citizens truly benefit from universal access to health care.
India has the third highest number of cases worldwide, after the US and Brazil.
He said the meeting expressed its concern over the non-allocation of funds by the 14th Finance Commission to the ADCs. He said the meeting also decided to meet with the heads of finance departments of the central government to submit the petition. The 13th Finance Commission (ADC) has issued a notice to the ADCs.
The State Government plans to benefit up to 1 lakh children through the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM), said the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
According to information received, these syrnod fighters have been coming every day from this office especially school children, fighters for other jobs.
Shillong, November 11: The Nehru Memorial Secondary School, Umsning, Ri Bhoi District today held a ceremony to honor the teachers who have served for more than 25 years as well as the students. Schools who have passed well and come forward in the SSLC examination and topper in various classes.
The Ministry of Women and Child Development has issued a statement in this regard, in which the GU has followed the guidelines.
When will it become clear? Has the rise ended in the middle? Or almost in the middle of the night, because of the cold, the sudden and the tyrha, the ksah cannot stand, they fall to the bottom of the night and break shortly.
According to the teachers of the school, the 12-year-old Pynshailang Makri, son of Kong Probina Makri from Umskun, was arrested on Wednesday morning. The incident occurred when he left school to return home.
Commandant Yuvraj Dubey said that the donation of these items will be a support to the residents of the area.
The Aizawl High Court on Tuesday sentenced two former government officials of the Excise & Narcotics and Finance Departments to five years in prison for of their involvement in a corruption scandal that occurred about 5 years ago.
After winning the semi final, PFR Soccer Camp will play against Sunny in the final on the 15th of this month at Shillong Public School. PFR Soccer Camp will play against PFR Team B in Category 8 at 5:30 pm and PFR Soccer Camp will play against Onside Football in Category 10 at 5:30 pm. year at 6:15 pm.
Fire brigades with the assistance of the Navy and Air Force were deployed to extinguish the blaze.
He said that it is for this reason that the VPP has come into being to create a clean and transparent government with the goal of bringing benefits.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Border Security Force (BSF) has decided to develop Dawki in West Jaintia Hills district and Kilapara in South West Garo Hills district as tourist attractions.
Promila Turkey, Sr.
After receiving these phone numbers, Thangkhiew said that the CEC of the HNLC has authorized him to talk to Roshan Warjri. He said that the HNLC's peace talks with the HNLC have ended only in mobile phone conversations. The party has not seen any signs of chess, but it has stopped until now.
At the same time, the union said that it is the duty of the office to provide electricity to the consumers and it should also think for those who pay their bills. It is also the duty of the office to take action against those who violate the rules of the office, because just because there are many who do not pay the electricity bill, the electricity will be cut off. This is impossible, said the leaders of the party.
Vi users will also get access to many other benefits like Vi Games, Vi Music, Vi Jobs & Education, Vi Movies & TV. other offers such as Set Your Own Credit Limit and Priority Customer Service.
The Chief Justice of the High Court, the Chief Minister, the Speaker, MLAs and others will be present at the Behdeiñkhlam.
The Power Department of Delhi, in a WhatsApp message, told Shneider Company to manufacture in accordance with the power scenario in India. in India'.
A true elder who has power, authority and glory is because he has a mind that teaches him because alcohol produces the wicked and destroys the rights of others (Is 5:22-23) .
Why did Jesus cry? he is angry because Jerusalem does not respect and rejects her prophets and fighters.
In relation to the increasing number of villagers, this has also made it difficult for the village headmen to look after the welfare of the villagers and to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
But, now after years of searching, I find that’s not the case at all.
The public can use these funds, but they are encouraged to deposit or return them to the banks before 30th November
Home Minister Amit Shah has spoken to Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Bhupesh Baghel and offered assistance from the Indian government on the incident.
Conrad Sangma Government's Urgent Action The Government of Mr. Conrad Sangma has acted urgently on the border settlement issue, until the Hima affected by the border settlement with Assam, have opposed and intend to go to the border. the law if not checked.
He said the demand for rice is higher than in Mizoram.
In Shillong, the Department of Arts and Culture has commemorated the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem and at the same time as part of the Azadi ka Amrut Mahotsav to mark the 75th Independence Day of India.
You can’t just borrow to pay off debt.
P.Synnah Executive Engineer PHE (Electrical) was present on the occasion. He said that the office has been cleaning the tank from time to time but the members of KYM have seen the cleanliness of the tank. and the place where the water was filled with water was filled with the earth.
For accurate and detailed information, please visit the social media or website addresses of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India and AIIMS in the country, in our state to NHM, Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Covid-19 Response Team and also The Meghalaya Police, district authorities and various task forces in the districts.
Condemning the incident, the NPYF in a statement said, “The attack on the CMO, Tura, is the evil plot of these evil people”.
When they arrived at the scene, they found that all the taxis rong jyrngam were standing in line because they were not allowed to enter Shillong.
Instead of speaking to protect the Christians who are being persecuted across India, or to speak about the problems of the minorities, he speaks to undermine the identity of us Khasi.
Leaders and members of the JSU Southern Border Zone expressed their concern over the lack of attention of the PWD department and the problems faced by the people of the area in the traffic jam. He said that in fact the union has already informed and requested the PWD department to pass through this road near Borghat. The members of the union have had to take action to improve and clean up this road but the department in charge has done something wrong. to walk so that the people of the area can easily walk while it is easy to go to the market and to go to the market.
A free life benefits children greatly, it helps them to be responsible, to stand on their own feet and to know right from wrong.
“We too are hungry and in need of food, but this Executive Committee has no responsibility to think about our needs to meet our household needs in the midst of this four laws of the country. “No one has helped us to provide food even though we are in need of food, because before the government we are government servants and “Therefore, the employees of the council have unanimously decided to suspend their work indefinitely until the council can pay the salaries of all the employees from the month. March 2019.
A 72-year-old man died on Friday when he was stoned to death by shrieh.
This is according to a statement from the party's press office.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today informed that the talks on the border issue with Assam, to resolve the issues from the seven disputed areas, will start in the first month. eh second month of the month of April.
One of Proverbs 10:14 explains, “He that worketh with his hands shall be poor: but the hand of the diligent shall make him rich.” “Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that ye abide in the work of the Lord. knowing that your labor is not in vain in the Lord" (I Corinthians 15:58).
Therefore, the people should elect them to win the election 2023 for the glory of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole. The voice to speak and advocate for the legislators of the state, no matter which political party they are in, the intelligent and skilled leaders have their own value.
Even after Bah Tynsong tried to answer, Bah Basaiawmoit and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, criticized him and asked him to shorten his speech by following the words of Bah Tynsong who encourage them to keep their speeches short.
“The evacuation of the people and then the release of movement has led to the spread of the disease to areas where there was no disease before.
Hek's desire to join the Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLAs in Meghalaya and the BJP has become public, as he has admitted that he had a quarrel with the two TMC MLAs. , Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma, and also discussed the issue of joining the BJP, but they said they would see first.
Meanwhile, the Secretary of the Shnong, Y.Syngkon, conducted the meeting and said that the Shnong welcomes and appreciates this Foundation which has been able to help the children. children and those with disabilities who need help.
He said that the union will urge the revenue department to take immediate action regarding these teer counters and these groups to verify who they are. he shall have the right to shoot and conduct the shooting.
West Jaintia Hills District won the title after winning 23 medals in the three days of the tournament, including 14 Gold, 6 Silver and 3 Bronze medals. three Rnong medals.
The students said that among the problems they face, the lack of drinking water, the feeding of rotten and rotten vegetables, the distribution of expired medicines and the delay in the distribution of sanitary pads, lack of toilet facilities especially in the men's hostel, attempts to discriminate between men and women which has caused serious problems to the students of the school.
The employees of these groups (Army, Airforce, Assam Rifles, BSF, NEHU, NEC, Banks etc together with their family members have spent their salaries here in Shillong.
Jowai, Nailar 21: After the completion of the repair of the road from Laskeiñ to Lad Mooshrot, the residents of Psiar and Khatkasla today came down to repair the road leading to farming. The road from the Myntang River to the Wyrjiang River.
They also told how they smuggled these cows, by deceiving the police, who were at the checkpoints at various gates on the highway.
Regarding these problems, the residents have to come out for the repair of the road and they have to donate for the purchase of stones to fill the roads. was thrown.
The two candidates, Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait from Mawthadraishan Constituency and Shanlang Warjri from Voice of People's Party (VPP) Mairang Constituency, will be elected on 4th June They have registered their names with the Returning Officers in charge of these two constituencies at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District for the purpose of contesting the 2023 MLA elections.
On the other hand, the reporters also had the opportunity to talk to an elderly man of the area who is also the President of the Seng Rimen Shiliang Khri, Bah S.Lyngdoh. He expressed his concern over the condition of these buildings of the department which have been in existence for many years and the authorities have not believed in repairing them.
Although Pyndenlyngdoh scored 3 goals today, it was witnessed that the players of this team did not show any reluctance and loss of strength but fought hard to score these 3 goals. , but due to the strength of the defenders and the skill of the goalkeeper, they lost their strength and strategy today to win.
Speaking to media after the meeting between the Prime Minister and the ADE, KSU, FKJGP, GSU ​​and others, the Prime Minister said that the meeting between the civil society groups has been successful. They should request that the government should restore some of the villages that went to Assam.
Through this competition, the children have been able to showcase their talents, whether it is in the field of skating and others.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) election campaign rally in Jaiaw Pdeng, this evening, has caused trouble after people started shouting Prah during the rally.
The NRHM office, South West Khasi Hills, has the post of Accountant, DEO DPMU, DEO Cum Office Assistant and those who wish to submit their application forms before 4th October
Thirty-two teams took part in the penalty shootout.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Hynniewtrep Southern RiWar Circle (HNYF) has given 10 days to the government to repair the Dawki-Wahkdait road otherwise it will take other roads.
John said that at the request of Shri Ajay Singh, President, Boxing Federation of India (BFI), today he received a phone call from the office of the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Jagat Prakash Nadda to inform that the office has talked to the authorities of NEIGRHIMS to assist in all the necessary treatment of Agnes.
However, as in the case of the Janta Curfew and the blockades, the people of the country have shown that the victories can come if there is trust in those with whom we work.
On the other hand, the drivers of commercial vehicles have also seized all the commercial vehicles as part of their cooperation, but this has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
"You have made me angry for 40 (50) years, Israel (Khasi), I have judged the wrath of the destroyed people, my peace shall never be found by the wicked" Ps
In the statement of the girl, she said that the man tried to touch and treat her rudely on the forest road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw but she could not ask for help because he was a forest road.
The BJP leader said he had met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to discuss the Roster System and other issues.
“Chief Minister Nitish Kumar is pleased with the raid on the family members of Lalu Yadav as the violence by the RJD to make Tejashwi Yadav Prime Minister has ended.
The people have experienced how it was when the Congress led the government and how it was when the NPP led the government.
Recently, the Education Cell of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) through its Chairman, Bah Kyllang Thongni, said that the Seng has received information that there is an intention to mislead the college authorities in this appointment in the Govt. .
Shillong, Lber 28: The Tactical-I Team, which shot dead Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, has responded to the government, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Home Affairs. and the government shall consider this.
It's time to find out a new strategy to find out that it's too late but it's time to wait for that meeting with Amit Shah. anyone spirit.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Leader Thomas Passah said that the Government of India has issued a notice that from 1st June to 30th November to names through NPR statewide.
Pohkseh SC scored the first goal of the match in the 32nd minute through Reinjoywell Wartde. to take the lead in the first half.
It is therefore pleasant to say that Rev. Thomas Jones has succeeded in his attempt to overthrow the Khasi but his victory has been delayed due to his untimely death. the time has come to lynshop your life.
Ranjit Shrivastava, BJP leader in Assam, has explained that from now on, dead cows should no longer be buried. , because it is a following of the Muslim religion, but it should be burned, because it is a Hindu faith.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah George said that despite the attempts of other parties to mislead that the AITC is a foreign party or a Bengali party, the vote shows that many of them have who turned to the party.
He said that the Survey of India will continue to complete the survey at the six sites which have been arranged and the MoU has been signed. Rymbai Iawpynsing beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 3-0 in their Group B match at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the word to restore and to build Jerusalem unto Messiah the Leader there shall be seventy weeks, and sixty-two weeks. villages and khari to be used in times of trouble (time of war).
The state had 6,000 cases per day on 30th March 2020 and since then, they have been decreasing gradually.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Thombor appealed to the people to give him the opportunity once again to reach his goal and to serve better the entire area.
This wind is like the chariots that carry this wind wherever they go.
The letter, which shows the reasons, said that there are seven reasons signed by the Governor of the RBI and sent to the Government of India.
Swingly Samakha, former Sordar of Langpih, said that the foundation stone for the construction of the hospital has been completed and the construction has started. The construction of the hospital will be completed in 10 years.
He said that electric buses and luxury vehicles will be introduced for the tourists besides improving the roads connecting to the tourist spots.
However, we as the West Khasi Hills Sengbhalang, have investigated ourselves and found that it is true as complained by the residents, that the work is too slow,” said Bah. Our Lion.
Sir I will come to your office.
Taiwan's defense ministry on Tuesday found nine warships and 26 Chinese warplanes around Taiwan.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Every year the price of piat has increased by T.20 or T.25 per month. .
“I will soon convene a meeting of the three ADCs to clarify all the doubts on this issue,” said the Minister in charge of the District Council.
Therefore, how can we go with only 27 members while the other side has 32 members,” said Bah Metbah.
He said the UDP, which is the largest party in the state, has been trying to bring about the unity of all the ethnic parties in the state for the sake of development.
Nurse S.Willa, Jaintia, Sd.
BK Bani, Working President of DCC, S. Rahsir, President of MBCC, JTS Thongni, former MDC, N Nongdkhar, former MDC, F Lyngkhoi, former Youth Congress President. at the same time as the current Chief Adviser of NAYC and others.
Also present on the occasion were Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat, UDP Mawkyrwat office bearers and the people.
In the first leg of the match, Meghalaya beat Meghalaya 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
God also spoke to people through dreams and visions as He spoke to Joseph.
Therefore, although we have not set up an MSPCB office, this technology will be available at this place to check the quality of the air,” said Conrad.
“When I do the work I don’t know how I work, maybe on some parts they are.
He had to walk along a road full of potholes, and avoid cars and streets.
At the Congress meeting in Thangsning on 11th July this year, the Congress District Chief told the people that in the MLA election he tried hard to remove Bah Drola's ticket and give it away. However, he could not do anything because it was the AICC in Delhi that decided.
The Sohra MLA also congratulated the government for taking measures to prevent the spread of the corona virus in the state.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the AICC gave an example of what happened in South West Garo Hills District, where the person who tested positive for the disease is from Salmapara. “Will this not have the same impact on the people as the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah are talking about?” he asked. state.
Replying to the allegations that he refused to comment on the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said, “I cannot just suspend these meetings just on the grounds that there are people who are staying in Shillong. and that I have to come quickly and cancel these meetings which have been authorized by the Ministry of External Affairs”.
She said that on their part, they have allowed the cow farmers to sell abroad as long as they can sell to shops or to anyone else but after the government has issued a ban on drinking milk, the market dropped significantly.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong.
In another match, AG Office won by a walkover after KV Happy Valley did not come forward.
The Minister of Agriculture and Welfare of Meghalaya, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh was the chief guest.
In these two incidents, the damage was estimated at lakhs of rupees.
Eastern West Khasi Hills won seven medals, including three gold, three silver and one bronze.
However, we distributed Rs.5000/- to them to plant, we harvested the minerals, especially in the year 50.
However, there was another area where the UDP could have done something if it wanted to at the right time, and that was to push or overthrow the government.
The Minister also spoke against the demand of Bah Ardent on the excessive holding of festivals.
On the other hand, the EJHDFA congratulates both the Boys & Girls Football Teams of the District for playing well and bringing glory to the East Jaintia Hills District as a whole.
Shillong: The Opposition Leader of the Congress party in the state, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday alleged that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is only trying to transfer government officials in various departments.
I see that there are many colleges run by different religious groups and therefore I see that it is appropriate to work with the government to bring about quality education," he said.
Don’t play with fire.
During the long discussion, Rangbah Bantei mentioned the issues and policies that he has prepared in advance if the people elect him as their leader.
The match reached the tie-breaker without extra time where Assam failed to return to victory while Sikkim scored three goals out of four players who took part in the match. penalty.
Then there are also places where the expansion is only about two inches.
This party is also one of the parties that has joined the movement, for many issues to be achieved, especially that our state has been destroyed in all aspects and we will see that after 50 years will have a clear trajectory.
Others who received the vote are Mawdon Sirdarship, Malai Sohmat Sirdarship and Nobosohphoh Sirdarship.
The letter said that between November 30 and March 6, 13 children living at Meherbaan Orphanage, Shillong were circumcised without any knowledge and consent of their parents. live in distant villages.
He suggested to the government to follow the Green Tax system of Himachal Pradesh and this revenue should be used for environmental improvement projects and through this jobs will be created. He also suggested to the government to regulate the mining of shyiap, quarrying and factories such as dewbilat factories which produce waste without proper waste management. Inadequate waste management has polluted and destroyed the environment.
At the same time, he urged the athletes to avoid alcoholic beverages which are the cause of deterioration of their bodies in sports but they should exercise themselves so that the body your can be strong.
On the other hand, M.Kharmalki, State Mission Manager, SMMU, MSRLS, Shillong, spoke briefly on the achievements of the group in the implementation of schemes and projects implemented by the Government of India. not only for self-improvement but also to help others and contribute to society.
When Naiwieng came, his mother sent for the garden to be cleaned as they used to do every year.
The meeting was attended by Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, President KSU JHDU, Samla Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary Samla Kindly Khyriem, Finance Secretary Samla Lurman and KSU General Secretary Samla Lurman. He was accompanied by the Officer Incharge of Dawki Police Station.
Lajong got their first chance through Babysun Day Marngar followed by Andy Mawthoh of Ryntih in the fifth minute and Wanshan Dkhar. in the second half but couldn't get the ball into the net.
Therefore, all vehicles including two wheelers should leave Wahingdoh for Mawkhar near the office of the Syiem of Mylliem, said a statement sent by the Rangbah Shnong, Riatsamthiah today.
The next day, the doctors came to examine him again. The surprising thing is that he has recovered and has no weakness.
Speaking to media, CCORMUA Vice-President Arju Dkhar said that this is not the first time that MeECL has delayed the release of salaries of all its employees. Therefore, the party itself has decided to come forward and express its opposition.
In the first innings, Angkit Tamang took 2/49 wickets, Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria 1/38 and Makdoh 1/5
He urged the residents to pay their taxes on time, to follow all the laws and regulations including wearing seat belt, proper use of signals while driving, avoiding from using mobile phones while driving and so on.
Second invasion: After 70 years of exile in Babylon, the Israelites had the opportunity to return to Palestine.
Speaking to media after the meeting at the MLA Hostel Shillong, the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the HSPDP has become a member of the HSPDP. The National Federation of New States (NFNS), to demand a new state in Meghalaya, to be known as the Khasi Jaintia State, which these groups from all over India will convey to the Government of India, before the session of the House of Parliament.
The employees of GHADC under the umbrella of the Non-Gazetted Employees Association (NGEA) on Tuesday suspended their strike after the authorities released their two months salary. their.
He said that after visiting the school, they saw some people who were not students of NEHU and some people who were leaders of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad ( ABVP), on this occasion, called on the security guards to talk and not by force to talk that they should not come to do politics at NEHU through this festival.
“I came here to go and hunt meat... You don't feel comfortable staying at home like this...” said Kong Dapmiar. Kong Lumspah said, “I don't feel comfortable for you. bar...""Where did you go to the water to escape that lynga of money..." Kong Dapmiar asked again. Kong Lumspah, when she heard that her friend had asked her two or three times, she felt foolish to refuse. .
Turkey has reported 8,574 deaths, followed by 2,662 in Syria, bringing the total to 11,2
The Government of India has made it clear that Meghalaya has temporarily been exempted from the introduction of elected Village Councils and Municipal Councils and the special allocation of one third of the vote for women.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) which includes the Adhoc and Improve Schools of East Khasi Hills fully supports any decision taken by the MUPSTA-Garo Hills Region.
The KHDA has nominated the UDP MDC from Mairang, Equator Nongrang while the PDA has nominated the PDF MDC from Mawshynrut, Morning Mawsor. .
Stepping Stone Wanshong opened the scoring for Lumdiengngan in the 36th minute, but Banshynshar Ïawphniaw (40') and Sylvester Thongni (41') converted the second goal. Riangdo won 2-1 goals in the first half.
The Vice President of the BJP and Tura MDC, Bernard N Marak, on Tuesday demanded an apology from the NPP MLA from Mahendraganj, Sanjay A Sangma for his allegations against the supporters. of the BJP in Garo Hills.
Shillong: U Bah Spiton Kharakor today launched the first three-month Khasi Alamak published by the Union of Rangbah Kurs of Hynniewtrep (SRKBH) at a meeting held at Dalariti Visual Art. Shillong.
“Earlier, the President of the Association, Bah Mitchel Wankhar said that they will have to consult with their fellow traders to take a decision on the proposal to set up a testing center in Saiden.
In 1972, the United Nations held a meeting in Stockholm.
The environment around us is the most precious treasure that money cannot buy but it is rich and great, it cleanses the living things on land and in water in a different way. and wonderfully, through the heat and cold and through the light and the darkness, through the clouds, the rain and the wind and the new moon and the moonlight.
If you elect me as your MP, I will show you what the Jaidbynriew thinks.
It is the fundamental right of each and every citizen of India who has reached the age of 18 years to register on the electoral roll.
Therefore, the call is to you MDCs whom we have entrusted with the power to lead us; that you will be the Sangot of our desire, the Khulom of the desire of the Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum to preserve, develop and promote our nation and to protect it from the 'flames of fire' of the world.
Assam Rifles and Umphyrnai Presbyterian will play in the final on Saturday.
The dates of the session were approved at the meeting of the Business Advisory Committee held on Friday chaired by the Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma.
Rev.Fr.Richard said that the Catholic Church has not brought about any change in the traditional teaching on marriage and the laws of the Church that marriage should be between a man and a woman. and women and said that those who marry of the same sex can only receive the prayer blessing which the priests give to those who ask for blessings from the hands of the priest.
I'm going to visit a shopkeeper in Shillong.
Before the Khonraij of Chilliangraij marched with bombs, ksing and tangmuri to leave for the Symbud Khnong, there was a various rituals which started at 5 pm and Chutia led the ceremony. the 'Khoo Pyrnah' from the house of Wet (Paswet, Wah Synji), the ritual called 'Siang ka Pha' which means that they give food and drink to those in the family who have passed away, This was done in all the households that still held the traditional religion.
The law shall punish all those who have hands, the law shall not discriminate, it shall be equal to the small and the great.
The results will be available on the MBOSE website at www.mbose.
“I feel it is necessary to have a Farmers' Commission to look into the problems of the farmers in this state,” he said.
Pynbianglang Kharsyntiew scored the third goal in the 15th minute.
She also congratulated Rtn.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Mawiong Lumsyntiew on Saturday last month went to the Nongstoiñ Police Station after a complaint was lodged against the volunteers of the village. two persons who are not from the village and who have violated the village rules.
According to the rules issued by the State Level Committee headed by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, the meeting held on 19th March, 2016, has decided to introduce this rule. the provision of assistance related to church activities by the MLA scheme to church groups.
The Delhi Police has provided assistance to the police of all the neighboring states by arresting the dangerous criminals," the official said.
The first match of the tournament will be played on the 27th July, 2022 between West Madan Mustem and Caroline Colony at 3 pm.
The management of Woodland WK Hospital has informed that Dr Kharbuli will visit the patients from 19th November.
This village is also famous for making silver tools such as knives, sdie, mohkhiew, sum, lyngka, khiew, pliang and others.
He urged them to take the path of reaching an agreement so as not to affect the people who earn their living and those who work day labour.
"But they should not be afraid of things which may be only the intentions of men but they should trust in God, whom they worship God who is not only on earth and on this earth," he said. and pastor Hynniewtrep.
“There are Local Committees set up at all the examination centers to ensure that those centers are clean and free from any irregularities,” said the Joint Director of MBoSE. examinations, carefully organized and supervised.
The presence of many types of organizations from civil society, religious organizations, traditional organizations, traders' organizations, office workers' organizations, students' organizations and many other organizations is indeed necessary.
In the past few months, we have seen that the heads of Karbi Anglong have come to the border with Wah Myntang.
What is more sad is that our leaders in the Government have tried their best to raise concerns regarding the implementation of the ILP which is a means of protection for us and have also tried to reassure the people. Regarding the CAA, he said that the Act will not apply to tribal areas.
Rotching Momin, in connection with the incident, has lodged a complaint at the Nongstoiñ Police Station against the suspect. They also found signs that there was an attempt to rob his house.
The two Waheh Shnongs, after seeing this news, sought information from the residents whether there are any residents who have received the rice as it appeared in the newspaper, but in the inquiry it was found that there is not a single one. also the resident who received the rice.
The job seekers turn to the MLAs to do something because they have recently been elected.
At least 14 persons have been injured including Additional SP P Syiem, Sub-Inspector Romit Syngkon of Nartiang PS. the face was also badly injured.
He said that the MP was elected by lakhs of people of Khasi Hills and many leaders from Bah JJM Nichols Roy, Prof GG Swells have advocated for the cause of the people in Parliament but in the last 40 years. As an MP, Bah Pala has never seen a single word in Parliament for the people.
A 28-year-old man from Damalgre, SWGH (TMC).
It's over what they say die kilo, it's over what they say die in boxes.
In 2011-12, East Garo Hills received 400,000 lakh medicines, South West Garo Hills 350,000, West Garo Hills 300,000, West Khasi Hills 348,0 Hills, 7,500 in Ri-Bhoi district and 2,000 in Jaintia Hills.
When asked what he has to say about the government's refusal to demarcate the border, Samla Lambokstarwell said he doesn't want to. to be answerable for any governments.
He said that the change will not affect the MDC elections which will be held on the 27th of this month in the state and will go smoothly as usual.
When asked about the turf or plastic, Banteidor said that the government will not clean the turf unless it is a turf that has been approved by the government. Besides the stadium, Banteidor said that the flood light will also be another part of the work at the stadium and it is for this reason that the budget for the stadium has now reached 14 crore tyngka. .
Another party that has suffered the same fate is the HSPDP which is one of the oldest national parties in the state.
Speaking to media, u Bah Rymbui said that the schools in the state as a whole have been fully equipped, so the children should not want to come to study only in the urban areas, because if They have a strong desire and desire to study in any school that will benefit them.
He said that when Matthew went missing in these days, he was walking in the dark and he reached the river under the bridge.
“Regarding the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season, I feel that this is unacceptable because Meghalaya is a small state,” said Bah Blah. you are the Sunday of God.
KL Rahul on Tuesday announced that he will miss two Asia Cup matches due to a hamstring injury. for the national team.
He said that in the past, the government had paid salaries only to the teachers who taught Hindi subject but it is no longer paid.
The march was part of the World No Tobacco Day which is celebrated every 31st June around the world.
He said that the main reason why he came forward this time is because he said that until these years until now he has not seen anyone in Meghalaya or the country. They don't have this wonderful gift that God has given them.
He said that the Processing Units have now been set up in the state.
“The Assam government is very clear that no Muslim man can marry three women.
“The presence of the BSF has brought fear to the people, the students instead of getting peace and they don't have discipline,” he said.
“The blood is in the hands of the MDA government,” he said.
The whole day passed, the night came and the fear entered not only the house of Lydia but also the house of Maheh.
Former MLA, PhD and longkmie from Jaintia Hills today in Jaintia Hills, 51 candidates have registered for the JHADC election. These include 33 from West and 18 from East. Jaintia Hills.
It can be seen that when the people started to flee to escape the lathi bomb by the police, there was also a clash between people and this caused injuries.
“I am sending this letter to all the leaders from Khasi Hills which means the 36 leaders and I hope and trust that they will take this as one of the most precious issues for the future. “I am the youth of your constituencies here in the nation,” said Bah PS Lyngdoh.
"“We too agree to stand forward like Babu Maynborn, who is old enough to have a good mind, he didn't come home like those other candidates to vote but we went to listen to his meeting in Nongmensong and The VPP's ideology is good and I urge the people to listen to the election campaigns of all the candidates and decide who to vote for, and we also came to buy prah to take part in that march. The VPP and I think you understand where we are going,” said Lucy from Nongmensong.
After this, they went to the Mission Compound where four groups from Dulong, Chilliangraij and Tpep-Pale took part in the dance.
Therefore, it requires the responsibility and commitment of the people for taking such opportunities for improving the socio-economic development through health.
Furthermore, they have also conducted a workshop “Supporting Youth in Skill Development and Entrepreneurship” or a workshop to support youth to develop their skills and entrepreneurship skills, for the purpose of The workshop was organized in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya.
The College was started with only 7 teachers and now has 6 subjects.
India has never used force against anyone, but people like Modi have done so.
HANM has also asked the Head of Labn Sanbor Shullai to issue residential certificate to a foreigner who is staying at Military Hospital Shillong. village to examine before issuing residential certificate to foreigner.
He also announced that before the meeting on the 30th of November, there will be a wreath laying ceremony at the statue of Kiang Nangbah as a sign of remembrance of the hero of the country. the issue of coal mining and the nine demands of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
When inquired, the Deputy Commissioner said that the organizers of the khwai competition as well as the village leaders of Ksehkohlong, came to his office and said that he had already made it clear that what happened, the it will go ahead and the law will do what is necessary.
Maharashtra has 55,000 new cases, Chhattisgarh has 9,921 and Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi have 5,000 cases each.
Shillong: “This water has become like a rakot or a disease for the residents of the village which every year causes loss of income and suffering to the residents,” said Bah Maclin Wahlang and several residents. The villagers of Balat village while talking to a reporter at Balat village.
This method is more appropriate for the Syiem of the Hima to elect only a few people.
This student ground will be a struggle so that our country will not become the graveyard of future generations,” he said.
He said the people should give their full support to the NPP in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections to ensure development works in all aspects.
The court said that it will issue a ban on 2nd June 2021 if there is no clear explanation from the Election Commission on the violation of the rules. to protect against the corona virus.
Alos said the arrival of the birds has been a great help.
With this victory, Mawten have moved up to fourth place, ahead of Riangdo, who will play their final match on Tuesday against Shillong Lajong.
Shillong, March 12 : The Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills District headed by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar has met and discussed the demarcation and transfer of Block I to the Block I District. state on the 6th of this month.
On the recommendation of this Committee, the Government has purchased a piece of land in Them Metor from the Hima Mylliem at a cost of T.2 crore and has carried out the work related to the relocation of employees. The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and other Government departments residing in the area.
“We also acknowledge that there are meter readers who act improperly so that the bills will increase and also those who cannot escape from the deterioration of the meters, but on this occasion the department has taken action to avoid the problems of the people. " said one of the officials.
Dolly Opened.
Wa-o Sapooh, said that he asked the NPP candidate, Santa Mary Shylla, “What makes you contest the election, she replied that she wants to serve. to the people.
This song is composed by Kong Ibasuklin Lyngdoh and composed by ZOI.:The Khasi song, “Mynta lashai lashisngi” is sung and participated by the singer and the actor. The song was produced by Authentic Tron Visuals and composed by Jessie Lyngdoh and DOP by Apdor Tron.
Shillong, March 05: “We are deeply saddened by these paradoh parasnam who have suffered and suffered through the persecution of the Karbi people but who have stood firm to protect their land”, said Bah Robert Kharjahrin. , President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robert said this during his visit to the residents of Lapangap Village, West Jaintia Hills District. shyiap with the Karbi and Assam Police in recent days.
Not only that the people are no longer afraid of the corona virus, but we see that the people when they are afraid are afraid and quick to fight against the orders or threats of the government authorities.
Police have sent for a post mortem.
When asked, Bah Kynta said, “If there is a proposal (from the political parties) I will have to ask a thousand times because I am in a legal job which I have worked for 34-35 years. year.
However, what concerns us is that this Mission/Policy should not be just a document of the Government which is only on paper but cannot be implemented according to its intention.
The Union Minister said this during a meeting held at the Conference Hall at the DC Nongpoh office and in his speech, he urged the officers working in government departments They also urged them to work harder to implement the development schemes, which have been allocated by the Central Government through the recognition of Ri Bhoi as an Aspirational District.
The talk was that the Khasi indigenous people in the area should get protection from the government while others who are illegally staying in the area should be evicted immediately. the former.
That is why David said, “I will thank thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made” Psalm 139:1
Many fields have collapsed and the rice fields which were ready to be harvested have been destroyed after the floods which have covered and damaged the rice fields and only the ryntang remains. kba is not scum kba.
Jowai, November 28: The Central Pollution Control Board (CPBC) in charge of the North East Zone, Dr. Z Changsan, together with the Senior Engineer of the Ministry of Forests and Environment, Dr. Santanu Kr.
If I'm wrong please correct me and don't mind.
As they walked along the road, they told stories about the time to meet again with Bah Malki.
The Minister said that the state government will invest a lot of money for the upgrading of administrative offices across the state.
The Iawmusiang Village Authority has confirmed this from the CNI Market Committee and said that this is just bad news regarding the woman who sells pylleng at the market.
Patients should not stop taking medication even once in order to fight TB within the stipulated period.
Bisharlang Kharumnuid led Police XI to a hat-trick of goals in the 22nd, 51st and 72nd minutes.
On the other hand, the AJCVA and the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization (HWDO) have strongly condemned the incident.
After the polling, the EVMs were set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Ampati in the presence of the Chairman and Election Commission officers and leaders of political parties. .
He also hoped that other District Councils and especially the state government will do something for the welfare of journalists in the state. I am pleased that this long-standing goal of the Council has now been achieved.
Darisha of Nonglang SC scored the second goal in the 87th minute and through this goal, Nonglang SC won the title. in this football tournament.
Therefore, the Pastor urged the faithful by saying that when God chooses any of His servants, he should look carefully at the purity of his heart, so that he can give the best service. for the good works of the Lord.
Besides, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the waste from the Complex will be cleaned inside the STC and before being discharged into the Umkhrah River as part of the control of the pollution of the Wah Umkhrah.
The workshop was held to discuss the development of ways and means to improve the rivers in Meghalaya.
The driver of the motorcycle sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Manipur Police said they have arrested four persons involved in the incident especially those who were involved in the video who were walking near these women.
The incident happened when these teachers were attacked by unidentified persons while they were returning from school in Nongstoin.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
She said that she didn't expect anything to happen and it was suddenly like a bsein when at 12:30 pm, she was informed by her husband, Bah David Nongrum, that her husband had been injured. they shot him with a pistol.
How can it register the land without a No Objection Certificate from the Dorbar Shnong?”, said Bah Rapsang. The Mawjymbuin Crematorium was visited by the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
She said that the appointment of Bah Lapang as the advisor to the MDA government shows that he has lost power.
Democracy is the achievement of the ancient thought that we, the Khasi-Pnar, came into the world to rule and develop and earn justice.
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong held on 28th November 2020 has taken a final decision to seek clarification from the JHADC Jowai whether to use or abandon the Reserved Forest called Thadmynri (Raij Namdong District Nongjngi). The Namdong Dorbar Shnong has approved the JHADC to plant trees and maintain the sal trees in this forest.
Today, a total of 38 BSF personnel have tested positive for Covid-19, of which 10 were confirmed in the morning and 28 in the afternoon.
Sadly, the NPP is working with an anti-Christian party.
Dr. GH Chyrmang, MFS, Divisional Forest Officer, Social Forestry & Territorial Division, West & South West Khasi Hills District in his speech, explained the provisions of the Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Application & Amendment) Act. , 1973, Meghalaya Act 9 of 1973 and also the Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Amendment Act) 2021 that the public should be aware of and also certain sections which have laws to arrest and fine those who cruelly destroying the environment or even cruelly killing living creatures without acting on their needs.
Our nation has started to leave behind the cultivation of rice after the residents were still able to eat ration.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renik urged that the water sources should be maintained and not misused as it is a new life.
“Yes, you have a license,” replied Kni.
Joydeep Bamon scored three goals in the 51st, 60th and 77th minutes from the penalty spot and Skhemborlang Rynjah added another goal in the 72nd minute.
In this regard, Kejriwal has not been summoned before.
Two children and four women were shot dead, among the seven dead, said LR Bishnoi, IGP. area, this morning with two others seriously injured.
On this day, the drivers and the public took part in the signature campaign as a pledge to have a spirit of responsibility.
The synsar is exported to all the states of India.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Pius Marwein said the UDP has hope and victory in the mid-term elections from Langrin Constituency.
Four people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to
Jerusalem was captured in 70 AD by the Roman army under Titus.
The Seng said that although the SMB has sent a letter in this regard to these people who are illegally resident in the area and to those farmers regarding the disposal of garbage, but until now There has been no raid on these farmers and illegal residents in this area.
“At present, we estimate that there are about 5,000 mobile phones lost in Noida,” said Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (Noida) Shakti Mohan Avasthy.
The internet age has made it easier for police to work.
The program was conducted with the active participation of NYVs including S Khyllait and T Thabah.
He said that the state has the lowest number of cases per 10 million people in the country and this is because the health department and the government have taken khia is a little bit.
According to information, many students from this state have not passed these entrance tests this year and the reason may be this.
The Khasi song, titled “Iai remember” is a song released on 5th July 2023 and sung by Balancestrong l.
The budget for this year is T.25,574 crore excluding the payment of T.1498 crore.
The candidates donate money to the churches which the leaders claim to use for development works within the church.
In the fourth match, Khimusniang beat Chilliangraij 2-0 with Arwa Siangshai scoring in the 33rd minute and Ruddy Song Sutnga in the 42nd minute.
Those who come to visit and eat khana in these areas or within the boundary of the village should not pollute by throwing plastic, bottles and other items into the water.
“It is true that they intend to leave for Delhi before the 21st of this month to meet the Union Minister,” he said.
On the other hand, the union led by Samla Ulrich J Mawlong as President and Samla Favorable Sylliang General Secretary has met with the SDO of MePDCL, Nongpoh to discuss the issue of electricity posts in many parts of the country. and to find out the reason for the power outages in Nongpoh and other parts of Ri-Bhoi.
Many of the issues raised by the workers have been conveyed to the MLA and she has promised to talk to the State Government.
Make peace with the Lord immediately and don't allow this negative thought to take root in our minds from time to time until it makes us unable to move forward.
Mawkyrwat, June 15: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a notice to the public according to the forecast from the Indian Meteorological Department. some parts of South West Khasi Hills District on 14th, 15th and 16th June,
For next year, the UDP has not yet announced who will contest and has also signed an agreement with the HSPDP to cooperate.
This encouraged them.
The joint team also seized drugs from the suspects.
The Government has decided to implement a special scholarship for students studying in the field of science besides other scholarships provided by the Government.
The Chief Minister also said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is concerned and wants to see that all the capitals of the States should be connected by rail for the sake of the country. the increase in income.
On the other hand, the officers of the Army and PHC Rongra conducted a meeting and examination and distributed medicines.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of St. John Bosco Secondary School Rambrai and was conducted by NPP Rambrai Jyrngam.
“There needs to be a thorough investigation into this and to find ways and means how to discharge this water,” he said.
Nongpoh: U Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC Umsning (EM) of KHADC and UDP Candidate for the MDC Election from Umsning, on Tuesday inaugurated the Annual Sport Meet of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning.
“It is through such competitions that I hope that the state will be able to produce talented players or stars from this state and when you represent the state you will be able to to bring honor to the family, the clan and the state as a whole,” said Bah Andrew.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that it is up to the Chief Minister and the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to remove or promote anyone. Meghalaya should not only be mentioned, but it should also look at other states.
However, if the number of patients has started to decrease gradually, according to the Government, it is necessary to release them from all sides as this has affected the income and the economy. the income of many households who work in the morning and buy food at night.
He said that this announcement will also be a reward to the people of Garo Hills who have won many MLAs especially Tura who has won the Prime Minister.
Shillong, July 29 : Members of the Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) on Tuesday said that the decision of the Forum not to approve the district declaration of the Chief Minister in Sohra is the sole decision of the Chairman of the Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF). Forum is not the decision of the Forum.
The results of the test can be obtained within 15 minutes.
Nongpoh, Nailur 25: The Lynti Jam Welfare Development Association (LJWDA) on Saturday resumed the opening ceremony of the football tournament. The Sunfeast Cup 2022 will be held at the Jyntru Village Stadium.
“Have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, and over every living creature that moves on the earth” Genesis 1:2
She also informed about the schemes like the Welfare Board of the CM which should reach the beneficiaries but many of them have not received their rights. to raise awareness among the beneficiaries.
However, as the government has always explained in the Legislative Assembly, he hopes that in this second phase of the demarcation, the government will take a decision that will appeal to the people, so that it will avoid any confusion.
“Perhaps it would have brought sorrow to the village and to the relatives of this child if we had not been there at that time.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the leadership of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Thombor Shiwat, JHADC, Deputy CEM Lasky Rymbai, EM Taxation Winning Garland Sungoh, Lakhon Dkhar, MDC Khliehtyrshi and MDC nominee Octomewot Lamin have left for Delhi to meet Union Minister of Tribal Affairs Arjun Munda to request for assistance of T.103 crore for the development of tourism and tourism. preserve your culture.
But until Jesus ascended the cross, He paid the debt of sin from Satan, and said, “It is finished” (John 19:30).
According to police officials, the protesters who planned to attack the residence of the Prime Minister, clashed with the police who stepped up security.
Zenith M Sangma has received the same portfolios of Sports, Housing and Taxation.
A Grade 6 student has died after a tree at the school fell on her.
Speaking to media, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi in the presence of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and other leaders, said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs Ri-Bhoi The Meghalaya High Court has decided to file a PIL against the State Government for its failure to release the funds implemented for various schemes of the MGNREGS scheme in Ri Bhoi District.
The people in power got richer.
On the 26th of June, the people of the state will show their opposition to the Chief Minister through the vote, he said.
“This follow-up of the State Government is not clear because we have not been given a copy,” he said.
In a letter to the Member Secretary, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said that the party has decided to support the bill. He said the party is aware that this is a very important issue which has become a hot topic across the country.
Jaskirat Singh tied for 13 runs and Meghalaya dropped to 30 runs for the loss of eight wickets.
From now on, I don't want anything else but to love God.
The government has lodged an FIR at Khliehriat Police Station and the Directorate of Mineral Resources has estimated the coal reserves at 4900.20 metric tonnes.
Ka Phali The answer is heavy, Wow, this is the rank of the Son of the Father.
Earlier, Bohoto Kiba, one of the leaders of the Naga rebel groups, had threatened to shoot journalists for using the word 'self-styled' or 'ss' before the names of these leaders.
The announcement came from the Election Commission of India (ECI) through its Senior Principal Secretary Narendra N Butolia. These include Meghalaya, Nagaland, Tripura, which has just held MLA elections and Arunachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal.
(2) all sinners have died.
This is the first incident of infiltration this year in Kashmir's Kupwara Sector.
“The state government has taken all the steps to implement the plan of the Prime Minister to ensure the provision of housing for all by 2024 and to implement the rules related to PMAY (Grameen). )," he said.
Up to 54 poor families from Umchongpet Village, Wapungskur have received assistance from Chiarmon Dkhar.
In addition, the Central Government has released T.271.71 crore and the State Government has allocated T.30.19 crore.
They also said that if the Civil Sub Division is established, it will be easier for them to do many things and they don't have to go to Shillong to get Birth Certificate, Schedule Tribe Certificate, proof documents such as citizens residing in the State of Meghalaya, a special status enshrined in the Constitution of India. This status is still in force in the field of employment, trade and so on. ter and in relation to the registration on the electoral roll or EPIC of those who have reached the age of 18 years and above or other requirements.
Because the government is formed by the leaders whom we the people have elected.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, on 5th November, inspected the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang. The Dorbar Synrai will be completed in November 2024 to hold the Dorbar Synrai.
On the other hand, the president of MSSASA urged all the teachers of SSA schools to do their best to improve the number of students so that the schools will not be affected. later on.
In the Catholic Church the Pope, bishops, priests and nuns are all for men only, women are nuns and not don't rank in the ceremonies.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from North Shillong constituency, who is also former Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr. Aman War, has slammed a Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader. He alleged that he has no knowledge of the expenditure of T.816 crore for the Covid-19 pandemic.
Robertjune said the government's delay in deciding on the Iewmawlong issue has upset the people and if delayed it could lead to chaos in the peace and order.
Shillong, March 9: Youths of Lai Shnong, Lait Mynsaw, Nongpiur and Myrkhan villages have found an ownerless vehicle parked near the road on the road to Mattilang Park.
Shillong, March 7: The residents of Dawki area every day have complained to their Rangbah Shnongs due to the heavy traffic jam in the area. you are sick.
They had to work from 9 pm to midnight every day.
The donation was welcomed by the village leaders of these four villages who expressed their gratitude and best wishes to the Association for its progress, especially for providing these donations to the poor in during this time of lockdown to fight against Covid
“I would like to clarify to the people that this scheme as it is, we have received information that in West Bengal this scheme has not worked, he appealed to the people not to look at the deception but to “Look at what the government is doing,” he said.
There is no other instrument to protect the jaitbynriew except the longkur longkha according to the custom of kheiñkur kheiñkha from the mother and the custom of the people through the Hima Dorbars, Raij Dorbars, Shnong Dorbars and now the Dorbar Kurs. .
The total number of recoveries is 99 and the death toll is 2 from East Khasi Hills.
They said that because in the letter the prime minister has clearly stated that he wants to talk about the VAB, but on their part they said that through the means It is clear that the VAB is now in Delhi and not in the hands of the government and they don't feel any benefit to talk about the VAB which is not in the state but in Delhi.
“I have helped Khliehriat CHC, the constituency won by the UDP, let us work together, I will do whatever I can. “We are saphred ngin khyllem, you have seen my willingness to help in any field I work,” he added.
Is it the MDA Government's responsibility? criticized the organization.
Meanwhile, Bah Victor Rani, Chairman of the Khasi Heritage Village Management Committee, said that the festival will enrich the Khasi culture as it has been able to showcase the culture of the Khasi since ancient times.
Marak, today, in which they said that they want to show their opposition, that they want to remove the BDO of Selsella, Dr D Roy.
The GNLA wants to hold peace talks with the government and the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has said that he will examine and take a decision on this.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District Giri Prassad in a statement sent to media on Tuesday said that the police conducted a search operation at Umkiang at about 10:00 pm. A Tata truck 1512 (AS 28 AC-1046) was seized from Kalain, Cachar, Assam and entering Lumshnong, Meghalaya.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has decided to hold an indefinite strike from the 5th of this month.
In a statement, the Nanded District Information Office (DIO) said, “The truth regarding the deaths of patients at Dr Shankarrao Chavan Government Medical College and Hospital is as follows: There were 24 deaths between 30th November and 1st March, 7 deaths between 1st and 2nd March.
Therefore, when the government sets up schools, it does not set them up but wants all the children to get education.
When the house or fields have been shut down, they throw it away until the time comes for five years when they need the brut to shut it down again.
He said that the disease is not just one type of disease, but it is one of many diseases.
Angry at the MLA's claim that he is the owner of the party while others are just residents, the UDP women have accused the MLA of being married to the UDP. who was a member of KHNAM in
Regarding the RTI reply received from the Tourism Department of the State Government on the holding of the Cherry Blossom Festival, Bah Disparsing Rani said that the department has replied that it has no interest in holding the Cherry Blossom Festival. The Government has donated T.1.99 crore to the organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival which was held recently at Kurkalang Square in Ribhoi District.
According to the programme, the UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and NPP will meet Amit Shah at their own time and the meeting will last for about half an hour.
“This is not a new problem and there have been many orders from the High Court, so we have considered carefully and we will issue this order and this attempt is not new we have implemented the odd -even and we'll do this again to see where that congestion is," she added.
Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Lakador Syiem has urged anyone who has information about the smuggling of Bangladeshis to India to immediately inform the nearest police station and the informants will be arrested. in their names.
Thus hell was created for the demons and Satan and for those who choose to go to hell, that is, those who demonize, commit adultery, murder, worship idols and love lies, fearful, unbelieving, and others, their part is in that lake of fire which burns with fire and brimstone – which is the second death.Revelation 21:8/22:1
Before the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the independence of the state, as a participation and encouragement to the residents, school children and college students to take part in the District Administration, has organized various programs such as poetry writing competition in Khasi and English.
Written or oral comments, suggestions or complaints will not be accepted after the Public Hearing.
All those working in factories, or even day labourers, who fall under the provisions of the N.I.Act, 1881, shall be on leave without deduction from their wages.
The body of Amir Hussain, who was recovered from the crematorium, was handed over to his wife and mother who came to identify and bury the body.
“We request that the allocation of scholarships to the students from its budget should be based on their good results and that those who come first should be able to study in the most prominent institutions. in the country”, said the VPP letter to the minister.
When asked by reporters on Friday on the basis of the UDP's stand, Bah Titos, who is also the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, said that according to the letter sent by the UDP, Regarding the implementation of the Roster System, the General Secretary of the UDP said that it should be implemented according to the current timeline.
These actions of many testify that Lucifer and his followers are in the various churches in this nation.
A large number of Catholics took part in the Eucharistic Procession organized by the Cathedral Parish, Jowai on Sunday at Madan Marian Hill, Jowai.
But you who have not received Jesus are wrong? I apologize to you who have violated your religion and customs.
Speaking to media on 19th June 2021, Conrad K Sangma said, “I have already spoken to both the BJP MLAs and these two MLAs of the party The BJP has also distanced itself from Bah Earnest's remarks.
After receiving a letter from the Election Commission of India directing us to resolve the issue within the party or to go to court, we went to the court and on the 7th the court issued an order to suspend the party. I am the president,” said Pyndap.
How the fish continues to look good even after many days is a difficult question.
Abdul said to Qorban, his youngest daughter, "Look, this is your husband, please take good care of her, please don't shoot her. Abdul said he had no choice but to sell his daughter to support himself and other family members. , to escape starvation, where they live in Badghis province, eastern Afghanistan.
Rung one, cleanse it, come another, cleanse it.
Lewotki Pariat (7) scored the third goal for Mookyndur, Patiently Lakuna (28) and Soobiang K Pomtiah (36) scored the second goal.
According to the schedule, the match will start from 8 pm to 3:30 pm.
At Pi Hahiroth, the Red Sea blocked the Israelites' path to freedom, and Pharaoh's army chased them back.
The crematorium was first discovered by Brian D.Kharpran in 2000 and was surveyed and mapped in 2002. Through the survey it was found that the crematorium is about 3.15 km long. Iawpaw Adventures & Tourism Association (IATA), Nongnah under the leadership of Iawpaw Adventures & Tourism Association (IATA) the Polish Kharija.
All the states in the North East have taken the same decision as announced by the Central Government.
He said that if these tourist attractions are provided, it will attract more tourists and it will be of great benefit to the residents and will improve the tourist industry. economy.
After the meeting, a march was held from the Dorbar Shnong Hall and ended at the Pommura Football Ground, said a statement from Bah Yowanmi Thahbah, Publicity Secretary Pommura Samla Shnong. .21 November: With the aim of bringing about cleanliness in the village, the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng on the 17th November 2013 has gathered the residents of Mawryngkneng to explain to the residents the value of holiness.
“This road is not built for the passage of trucks or overloaded vehicles,” said Bah Marbaniang, adding that there are parts of the road that are very steep and the Trucks carrying excessive loads will find it difficult to pass and will also endanger the public.
Shillong, July 25: A foreigner has been stabbed by a dog on Thursday evening.
Furthermore, the affected animals will recover through treatment and it will also reduce their mortality rate.
The highest price of Khasi kwai is T.1000 per kilogram.
They cut down the farmland to identify themselves and not to overstep the boundaries of others.
He said that it is on this basis that the government has taken all the necessary measures to improve the income of the state through good governance. health, education and to spend more on the construction of roads, bridges, electricity and water supply.
However, at the same time, there are those who not only want power, but need power to fulfill the desires of many.
The State President of the NPYF, Bah Kitboklang Nongrem, in an interview with the media, said that MUDA has given permission to build the NPP office since 22nd November. 2020 and the No Objection Certificate (NoC) for the construction of the office from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District received on 26th July,
It is understood that the reason why these RBYF leaders met with the Branch Manager of MRB in Umsning, was after they saw that there were many people from different villages of Umsning. Umsning, who have faced many difficulties in terms of financial matters and especially when they have more urgent matters.
And it is for this reason, recruitment companies are taking advantage of this that has promoted prostitution in some parts of India.
“I will submit the report to the HLC and it will consider how to proceed,” said Hamlet.
They include SYM, FKJGP, Dubakh 'A' and ONYX Basketball Club after winning on Tuesday at Mawlai Nongpdeng Basketball Ground. Gideon Kharjana was named Man of the Match by 55-34 points to Mawlai Nongpdeng.
On the other hand, the INC has fought as hard as it can, but it has not been clear which areas it is stronger.
The President of the Sengkmie, Bah Wanbun N Dkhar, in the presence of the General Secretary of the Sengkmie, Bah Wanbun N Dkhar, met with the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills District, Dr. Ajar. Laboratory Technicians and this has caused the health centers to be slow in their operations and often when it is necessary to conduct various tests they have to go outside.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Although Vincent Pala, the Congress candidate from Shillong Constituency, has won once again, the vote of Vincent Pala, the Congress candidate from Shillong Constituency, has dropped significantly compared to the votes cast. in the 2009 MP Elections.
Nongpoh, Jymmang, 20: A 10-year-old boy from Umtangar village in Ri-Bhoi district has been killed by unidentified robbers. in a wilderness near this village.
When asked why he chose the NPP, he said that the NPP is the party that will come to power and it also has skilled leaders like Prestone Tynsong. It is better for the people not to go to the Assembly,” said Remington Pyngrope.
Shillong: Shillong: Every time it rains, the city of Shillong has witnessed the flooding of roads and sidewalks which has caused problems to the pedestrians, even if the rain lasts only for a few minutes or shipping.
Those who live on the border of Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District, understand that, because even when building roads, you have to get permission from the Assam government or the residents of Assam, if you go to build houses. Schools have been destroyed and even if electricity is not provided, it shows that all the jobs are poor and the livelihood of the people of Meghalaya is in a very difficult situation. I'm going to visit Assam.
Earlier, there was a discussion and exchange of views between the daju and the leaders of KHADC including the CEM, EM and Ministers of Mylliem Hima, over the T.500 fee for their uniforms. It was announced that the daju should wear sopti from tomorrow.
He said this needs to be discussed with other neighboring countries to prevent it.
The Indian Navy has confirmed 21 new cases of coronavirus at its base in Mumbai.
The Government of India, and requests that it needs to hold consultations with various groups before taking any action.
He said that UCIL would like to express its gratitude to the SARDP-NE for the construction of roads in the area which is lagging behind in all aspects.
“We tried to help extinguish the fire,” said Bah Khrawbor Lyngdoh, but it was too late when the flames burnt down the entire house.
He continued to respect each other when working together and to respect the vehicle that provides cleanliness.
Bernard was arrested by the Hapur District Police in Uttar Pradesh on 26th November after he fled from Tura after police found him carrying out illegal activities at his residence in Rimpu Bagan.
Those who travel in December through these roads should prepare a lot of money or be accompanied by the police otherwise they will be bombed and tied by Christmas robbers.
The Word of God says, “By the rivers of Babylon there we sat down and wept when we remembered Zion (Jerusalem).
Prestone said the Government is waiting for the reply from the Election Commission to give permission to open the online application which was supposed to start from 8th June, but the ECI has not yet given permission. canoe-canoe answer.
Manas said 2018 should be the year of change before Meghalaya celebrates its 50th anniversary. “Meghalaya must be free from corruption and must be freed from the corruption that used to happen all the time,” he said.
However, those drivers and their followers can still be screened as necessary to prevent the spread of the disease.
In Jowai (ST), there are 41,345 out of which 19,464 are males and 21,881 are females.
“I have asked the Leader of the Opposition, who is the oldest member of the House, whether there has ever been a Sangma said the answer he received was “Yes, there has never been and it is the first time that an MLA has died during the dorbar”. MLA, died, while the house was in session".
After the election victory, the HSPDP has been in turmoil within the party and there have been remarks from the President of the party to some of the members of the party. There have also been misunderstandings among the members and at the time of writing of this news, nothing has been resolved.
Shillong, March 28: Although the Block Congress Committee and the West Khasi Hills District Congress Committee have approved the name of Bah Adviser Par Iong, it is understood that at the meeting held last night at DD Lapang, DD Lapang, has decided not to give the mid-term ticket to Gabriel Wahlang, MLA of the Khasi District Council.
Nongpoh, June 20: U Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning today inaugurated the new classroom of Mawtnum Presbyterian Centenary Memorial Secondary School in Mawtnum village which was built at a cost of about 3 lakh tyngka. The SRWP scheme to expand and expand the services of this school which has been running for about 16 years.
This railway line, for the first time in the state, will be opened to the public soon.
Before that flood comes or covers us, let us unite and work together to improve this country and our nation, so that we can protect it instead of fighting against death. .
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Tournament Committee of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) held on Tuesday evening.
I also know this but I as the DHS (MI) inform you that the Directorate has spent only T.248 crore and not T.803 crore”.
If they want the soul of the Jaidbynriew to rise once again and for the rights of ownership of the land, customs, income and human rights to be strengthened, they need to come out. ahead.
During those months, we also see that the Chief Minister, the Deputy Chief Minister and the Ministerial team of the MDA government have spent a lot of time and money just to go to Delhi to meet Amit Shah.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that today at the meeting, they discussed the fear of the people to bury the dead from Covid-19, where even from religion. or groups are afraid to perform the last ritual according to their religious customs.
According to the DC, there has been no illegal entry of Bangladeshis.
The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is based on the idea of ​​having one nation, one law, one nation, one culture and one religion. One religion).
Earlier, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the party will contest the election alone, although some of the ethnic parties in the state are part of the NEDA.
However, as the farmers have left the market and have cultivated other imported varieties, this variety that grows in the area has disappeared.
Mina Santa, who won 153kg (70kg+83kg), came 13th in the women's 55kg category.
“The list of nodal officers as you know due to the elections, there have been changes at various levels regarding transfer of officers.
OC Shella PS :0364-2261353, I/C Police Control Room, Shillong : 0364-2222214 / 2222215.
Shillong, March 27: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Shillong City has expressed its deep sorrow over the fact that the SPTS vehicles operated by the government to transport passengers in Shillong have turned into dust.
Daniel Wahlang won the gold medal in the men's 6km race, while Sainkupar Jyrwa came third and won the bronze medal in the same race.
The second phase of the protest was held from 1:30 pm to 2:00 pm from the 10th to the 14th of this month at BC House. Shillong: A Mass Casual Leave will be observed on 17.10.22 for the members of the Union to take part in the rally to be held at Parling Lot, MeECL, Lumjingshai, Shillong.
The Role of Women On the issue of women and women, Kong Angela Rangad of Thma u Rangli (TUR) said that women are discriminated against in the community and in the community. In the Dorbar.
Shillong: Babeeta Sharma, Spokesperson of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) today arrived in Shillong to announce the launch of the Bharat Jodo Yatra which will start from the 7th of this month.
“We will contest from both the seats, we hope to win this election,” said Bah Kharlukhi.
Shillong, Nailar 23: After the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a bill to protect MLAs from being nominated, the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the bill. Seven MDCs who are also MLAs have resigned before the 1st March 2015 except for the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem who went to vote at home. trial and who won the case.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, A.Phawa, Executive Engineer of PWD Building, Jowai, said that the office has suggested that it is not good to build a four-storey office in this area. The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has been closed since the beginning of the year.
He said that due to the large number of children, parents, when they can no longer send their children to school, have sent their children at an early age to work as day laborers. get money even if the older children start doing bad things.
It is worth mentioning that the union has put forward 12 demands before the government including employment, implementation of various schemes for their benefit, already exists, and other demand issues.
Before Good Friday came there was a strong stirring in my soul through the Holy Spirit of God that my soul wanted to do something for Good Friday, and I wanted to To write a little about Good Friday which Christians all over the world celebrate once a year, this will be a message to all those who read this.
Furthermore, it was said that this name is also the real name of another child in the same class.
(iv) It should also be noted that newborn piglets should be fed from the mother within two hours.
“Ka Seng has also proposed to increase the salary of 5% per annum and the maximum salary for Principals of Schools which was submitted to the Secretary to the State Education Department on 18th July. , 2022.
On the other hand, the HYC leader condemned the hospital's treatment of the woman.
The woman, who protested against the burial at the Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church, is identified as Kong Moliphai Mynsong, who is also the mother of Tbn.P.Mynsong, who passed away on the 26th of this month. The funeral service was temporarily postponed due to the opposition of another group led by Tbn.GT Lyngdoh. However, he was able to dig a hole and later to bury him, until the Magistrates of Ri Bhoi arrived.
The six Nigerians were traveling in a Sumo (ML 10 B 9779) and after being arrested they were taken to Waliv Police Station CR Case No. 481/2 sections 302/364/201/323/143/147/149 IPC which are cases of murder.
In the past, the king was respected as the king, but now it has become more valuable, where the honor goes to those who have power, they get the book, because if they don't treat it properly, The existence of the District Council is to maintain the customs and traditions but it is not so.
“Since the birth of KHNAM and after 10 years of revival, I have never wanted power and I have never wanted to be a leader. “I don't want to take a decision because I don't want to sit or stand,” said Bah Adelbert. “What shall we do with the post of President? you died you died.
Those who are small and weaker are willing to do so, while those who affect the stability of the government are not willing.
He said that we should be the shapers and guardians and give space to all the three dozen creatures in order to share the heritage of the future.
The issues with the ANVC-B should be discussed within the border of Garo Hills and should not come close to the border of Khasi Hills.
“Therefore, it is necessary to protect the ownership of Lakadong and to benefit the farmers for which the government has taken all possible measures,” she said.
The Association said that they did not throw away these items, but they put them in the right manner as can be seen in the pictures because these items are made of steel which can be handled. and even if any incident occurs damaged by natural forces.
When asked about his views on the election, Bah Sñiawbha said, “Let us wait for the polling day” and added “The NPP will accept that the NPP will win and the UDP will also accept that it will win with this. it's the norm in elections".
The Shnong urges those who live outside the Shnong to take this as an information and to attend this Dorbar.
There was a brief argument between the bus stop and the driver, who was speaking from his seat, and after that, the driver allowed the man to enter the bus; However, after entering, he began to fear that the driver might do something, when he left the village and immediately, he went down again, before paying the ticket. .
During a thorough investigation, police recovered T.9.5 lakh from the shop.
Mark has decided to start raising cows, but not only to raise cows, he also wants to take good care of them and feed them well, so that they have good meat to eat. and for that, Marak would feed his cows with almond shana and would also give them beer, which was very expensive.
In collaboration with the sports bodies for the National Games, we also request the sports associations and national federations to support us in this regard.
SK Sun said that at present there is only one water treatment plant in Mawphlang or Clarifier with a capacity of 34.05 million liters per day.
Lemiki Suchiang, who came in the First Division and received two Distinctions in Mathematics and Health Education, was also awarded.
He also urged to strengthen the cultivation of Moringa as this plant is very strong in carbon absorption.
When they began to speak and tell stories, they had to think twice, because when they were deceived, they forgot their own rain and victory, they didn't know whether they were old or young, but the words They speak, and it really upsets those who have grown up and in the end the whole household is blamed.
:One of the most popular sports in athletics has started at the 5th Meghalaya Games, where on the opening day of the competition two men have appeared. Renaldi Dhar of West Jaintia Hills and Angelina Jackson not only won the titles but also became the fastest runners in the 100 m.
The program ended with the distribution of policies to 60 farmers.
Earlier, after meeting with the Minister, Jyrwa said the KSU strongly opposes the government's plan to set up a base for the ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills districts.
Shillong: MePDCL, together with the district authorities, held a meeting to discuss the use of smart meters, on 6th November 2022 and at the meeting, The implementation of the smart meter has started in various districts and will be implemented soon in West Garo Hills, which is expected to be implemented in November or November this year. u year.
Owaisi accused Modi of spreading lies and division among different ethnic groups, including Hindus.
Nongpoh, 13 Iaiong: As a precautionary measure against the delay, not only in the beautification works of Nongpoh, but also in other roads, today the leaders of the 4-lane road The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Dr. Pooja Pandey, demanding that she take action for the expediting of all the works on the 4th Road. -lane, especially in parts of Nongpoh.
I'm tired of this war and want to stay alone.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Dev said in a tweet that out of the 578 people who have been tested, 102 have tested positive.
Speaking briefly on the occasion, Bah Mewanker Lyngdoh said that as a lawyer, he understands that there are misunderstandings among the residents around the area.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said the Campaign for Change will be an opportunity for the youth and politicians to come together to speak on the issues of the state.
He said that in the past five years, nine social agreements related to peace and border have been signed with various states of the North East, which have brought peace. The Union Home Minister has said that more than 9,000 members have surrendered and the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) has been repealed from 85 percent of the country. in Assam.
He said that the office is trying its best to complete the repairs as soon as possible so that water can be distributed again as usual on the evening of the 16th.
At the end of the day, medals and trophies were awarded to the winners of the competition.
Guwahati: Forty political parties from Assam have decided to ban travel to Garo Hills, Meghalaya from 29th March
"Stimac, as a skilled coach who played a role in Croatia's 1998 World Cup bronze medal, has been complained against by Pakistani player Abdullah Iqbal while he was playing in the 1998 World Cup. thmu doesn't throw the ball.
Furthermore, the construction of power plants can increase trade and markets around these plants.
The discrimination against the villages and people living in the border areas has been in the north and south of our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
At the end of the meeting, the old white Lama was removed and the new Lama, which is Jyrngam and Lieh, was replaced.
KDA President Starwin Kharjana said that prayer and worship of the invisible God is meaningless if there is no spirit to help the poor.
On the part of the people who supported the Doctor, they expressed their views and when we took all these voices together, one voice came out that the Doctor should fight in the elections. “This is not only the first time but it has happened in the past,” said one of his supporters who were angry with the behavior of the Congress leaders on the ticket. the elders.
Bah Mawkhiew recalled the great intellectual leaders of the jaitbynriew who have led Parliament in the past decades and those from the ethnic parties like Prof.GG Swell and others. They are the ones who affect the State.
He said that Bah Matthew Wahlang was wearing a lined sweater.
The song was sung by Khasi singer Wanjop Sohkhlet and was attended by the puron, Ibansiewdor Sohphoh, tyngshop, Kynpham Umsong and Mebalari Khongnoh.
From 2003 to 2006, Bah Rymbai was a close friend of Bah DD Lapang and after the resignation of Bah Lapang in 2006, Bah Rymbai took over as Minister. Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 15th July, 2006 to October
According to Bah Rowel, the best way to get a clear understanding of the opinion of the people of the state whether they support or reject the ILP is through the elections.
He also gave credit to God, Parents and Teachers.
This is the second major step taken by the Chief Minister after the creation of four districts in the state.
On the other hand, Grace Lanong President KSU Girls' Wing said that the KSU Girls' Wing is deeply saddened by the increasing violence against women and children. of the Jaidbynriew and improve the society.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mosjo Wanswett who contested the mid-term elections from Shella constituency and Kong Grace after the death of Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Don't be afraid because we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God but have been justified freely by grace and redemption in Christ Jesus – Romans 3:23-2
Charles said that in the last election, the NPP candidate in Mawhati constituency carried more than 20,000 people until people could not walk.
In accordance with the authority empowered by sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Meghalaya Essential Maintenance (Amendment) Act,
The union also condemned the Assam government's forced crossing of the border up to 600 meters into Meghalaya and it used to do so from time to time especially on Sundays, said the statement. Shira, President FKJGP, Aradonga area unit.
He said that through such meetings, the students will be able to learn about the countries of the world and how they work especially to share their knowledge. The students have prepared to exhibit their studies and knowledge at the event.
Basant Chettri took 4/26 wickets while Jerimaiah L Kynshi (2/23) and Angkit Tamang (2/43) took two wickets each.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: The District Water and Sanitation Committee Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the The PHE Department of Ri Bhoi District on the 22nd of this month celebrated the World Water Day at the NSCA Indoor Stadium Nongpoh.
“Today, we have had a broad discussion on the government's proposal on this issue.
Malki scored two goals in the second half through Lakhon Surong (47') and Primrose Lawat (70').
Hearing the PIL, Chief Justice (Acting) HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh said, “We have received a notice from the court. reports already filed with traffic communication and routes already taken, including the involvement of several traffic control groups.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today sent a letter to two banks, including State Bank of India Raliang and Meghalaya Rural Bank Mowkaiaw, regarding the complaint. From the public who need these banks, they have faced problems regarding the lack of full-time Branch Managers in these banks.
Jesus and his disciples got into a boat and went away to a lonely place to rest.
The state has said that this was done in July 2022 and has ordered to follow the guidelines,” said the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Ah! Jerusalem, Jerusalem! Ye Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her brood under her wings, and ye would not!
Ymbon also expressed his confidence that the NPP will return to power in Khasi and Jaintia Hills after the ADC elections next year.
S.D.Community, Shillong.
“As a national party that stands on the foundation to advocate for our people, we are one of the 730 Schedule Tribes in India,” said Eugeneson.
The two arrested were identified as Darishan Nongrum from Nongwah Mawtamur and Edison Nongtri from Patharkhmah in Jirang.
“The district superintendents of different districts have been informed from the places where these contractors came according to the documents they showed,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills.
I feel like a young man who has a real concern. I want to express my opinion and ask questions whether it is right or wrong. God's blessed wealth We have seen that lakhs of metric tons of coal from our Khasi Hills have been smuggled into India and Bangladesh.
Shillong, October 1: U Jasang CH Marak, 29, of Bolkingree Kusumkol, Shillong, has been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police today. .
Teibor said that one of the seriously injured persons was taken to Shillong for treatment.
He said that the Pynursla CHC cannot provide adequate treatment as it should because even a small test like X-ray is not available. He said that even the medicines have to be bought from the CHC. Speech was also delivered by the VPP candidate from Nongthymmai, Bah Winston. Tony Priest.
“The opposition has a good knowledge of this issue and can give good advice on this issue, but they did not come, and why only they know,” he said. ".
The fighting between the troops and the militants started on Thursday night and some of the militants reportedly committed suicide after they could no longer resist the troops. .
Damechan I Saioo scored in the 13th minute, Philemin Lamare (54) and James Edison Suchiang (55).
At the meeting, the Minister informed that the incident occurred between the security forces and members of the armed groups who are still under the ceasefire.
Another issue is the delay in discussing the roster system and reviewing the State Reservation Policy as demanded by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and others.
He said it is up to the MCCL employees' union to talk to the company about the VRS scheme.
Expressing his condolences, he said that Bah Samlin is one of the leaders of the people whom he loves and trusts.
He encouraged the people as well as the private sector to take up the pig farming industry to increase their income as at present billions of rupees have been spent abroad to buy pigs.
The festival was inaugurated by the Minister in charge of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The Sengbhalang has withdrawn from the ILP demand in a meeting with the government yesterday and demanded another law similar to the ILP, which has not yet been named. The decision of the political parties who have come out to protest against the ILP, whether to step back or stand firm to demand ILP. This reporter spoke to two political parties of the UDP. Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the UDP leaders said that the UDP will have to think carefully with the KHNAM. They can also ask for the opinion of the people on how to deal with the ILP demand which they had stood firm for earlier.
“In April, 2022, the Assam Government set up a temporary police station at Umlaper village but it is still operational despite the strong opposition of the Khasi and the Union of Rangbah Shnong Border Area,” he said. said.
He also explained that the REC Limited Company was established in 1969, has been running for more than 50 years and has done many things for the development of electricity generation. .
In a letter sent to the Minister, the Seng said that the Laskein C&RD Block is the oldest block which was founded in 1973 and has 96 villages including village on the border with Assam.
Furthermore, Bah Mathew said that he is very concerned about the backwardness of roads and paths, schools and also about the problems of teachers. He said that parents should expect their children to get a good education if the teachers face problems.
Furthermore, the appearance of the newspaper will be more attractive and attractive to readers.
And he commanded the fish to vomit up Jonah upon the dry land.
Niponghi Sumer scored the second goal for Niaw Wasa in the 11th minute and Risanlang Dkhar in the 52nd minute.
The Technical Manager of NHAI, Biswa Jyoti Lahkar, on the 8th of this month promised to the residents of Narpuh that the NHAI workers will immediately start the maintenance of the road. , but for almost two months now, no signs have been received to repair the road in Narpuh.
However, they have to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, the State Government, the distance of 2 feet from each other, the reduction of staff and others.
Other speakers said that regarding the border, only the NPP is willing to talk and resolve the border between Meghalaya-Assam.
Traffic jams have resumed in many parts of the city.
The allocation for the Jal Jeevan Mission for the year 2022-23 has been increased to Rs 60,000 crore.
He said that the purchase of electricity from various companies has been done by the MSERC.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : The Central Government and the Manipur Government have signed a peace agreement with the United National Liberation Front (UNLF), the oldest armed group in the northern parts of Manipur, in New Delhi today. sun.
Pramod Sawant, one of the leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), was sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Goa at 2 am today. Manohar Parrikar, Chief Minister of the state, who passed away today.
In addition, the U&J Hills District Council has also appointed teachers in its schools in Kamrup.
When asked who will lead the new EC if Pynshngaiñ's EC fails, Teinwell said there has been no discussion on that but they will have to decide later.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Election) PK Boro today inaugurated the program to link the Aadhaar number with the Electoral Roll. The event was attended by DD Syngai, Additional Deputy Commissioner, MA Challam, Extra Assistant Commissioner, WK Kharbuli, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai Urban. Niangti, leaders from various political parties, government officials and employees of the Election Branch Jowai.
He said that one of the reasons for the lack of implementation as approved by the NHAI is the confusion over the management of the road in the Umsning Bypass area.
"It is also helpful to know that the Sahitya Akademi has issued a notice for the awarding of the annual Yuva Puraskar for writings in 23 languages ​​of India. which also include 16 books of poetry, one Nobel Prize, five books of short stories and one book of literary criticism.
However, as India (Hindustan) was quick to annex various states which were independence states before the British rule and on the promise to protect the customs and traditions of the peoples The Election Commission and the Supreme Court have urged the Prime Minister Modi and his government as well as the Election Commission and the Supreme Court to issue an order that the states will accept only those who In Nagaland they accept only the Nagas, in Mizoram they accept only the Mizos, in Assam only the Assamese, in Tripura and West Bengal only the Bengalis. Hynniewtrep only for the children of Hynniewtrep and in Garo only for the Garo or Achik people, in Bihar only for the Biharis, in Punjab only for the Punjab and so on.
To protect one's boundaries, land ownership, family, culture, religion, deity, income economy, linguistics, employment, literacy, economic development and to prevent the influx of foreigners. some of the struggles are ahead.
In a statement, Congress Spokesperson HM Shangpliang said, “The government's rule of law seems to be playing with this scheme. The poor who deserve to receive this right have turned into slaves.
Rape can happen at all ages of human life, or even between women and men.
Scientists at Stanford University have decided to try this technique on humans in the hope of developing new treatments for dementia.
At present, 22 cases have been confirmed and 43 cases have recovered.
The Netherlands final list includes:Goalkeepers: Justin Bijlow (Feyenoord), Mark Flekken (SC Freiburg), Andries Noppert (Heerenveen) Defenders: Nathan Ake (Manchester City), Sven Botman (Newcastle United), Matthijs de Ligt (Bayern Munich), Denzel Dumfries (Inter Milan), Lutsharel Geertruida (Feyenoord), Tyrell Malacia (Manchester United), Jurrien Timber (Ajax Amsterdam), Virgil van Dijk (Liverpool)Midfielders: Frenkie de Jong (Barcelona), Martenona de Roon (Atalanta), Teun Koopmeiners (Atalanta), Noa Lang (Club Brugge), Joey Veerman (PSV Eindhoven), Mats Wieffer (Feyenoord), Georginio Wijnaldum (AS Roma)Forwards: Steven Bergwijn (Ajax Amsterdam), Cody Gakpo ( Liverpool), Donyell Malen (Borussia Dortmund), Xavi Simons (PSV Eindhoven), Wout Weghorst (Manchester United).
The two HSPDP MLAs include Mawkyrwat MLA Renik Lyngdoh Tongkhar and Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang.
Here too the weak are punished by the law while the corrupt live without any punishment.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has ordered a thorough investigation into the case after the Meghalaya High Court has ordered him and the SP to register a case against the president of CSWO. Agnes Kharshiing said last month.
The next hearing will be held on May
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday informed that the fee for the acquisition of land for the construction of the 38 km Shillong-Western Bypass has dropped to Rs. 650 crore after being rebuilt by one.
The project was funded by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India.
Out of this 8 lakh tyngka, 2 lakh tyngka was donated by the MDC, 1.50 lakh tyngka by the MLA and the rest was spent by the Mission.
Shillong: Another soldier, who came from Bihar to Tura, has tested positive for Covid-19, Conrad Sangma said on Twitter.
I work at Directorate of Information and Public Relations, ( D.I.P.R, Shillong).
The road from Nongpathaw to Shillong via Lummawnei Village was inaugurated by former Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh and former Mawlai MLA HDR Lyngdoh.
The court also fined Rahul Rs 15,000 after finding him guilty of offenses under Sections 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code.
A large crowd of people on Sunday attended the funeral service for the last rites of the late journalist, Bah Sumar Sing Sawian. Religious ceremony at the Lum Jingthang of the Khasi Kmie Association, Jaïaw.
She said that there are always problems in all political parties not only in the Congress party and the criticism of the Congress party is because of the good leaders.
In the second semi final of Mukhla Raij SC, Mukhla Raij SC beat Moosyiem Shangpung SC 2-0 Deini Suna scored in the 36th minute and Shirup Suting in the 73rd minute.
Many youths have lost their hope in this government's ban despite the government's encouragement.
However, they must follow the directions of the District Council under the 6th Scheduled.
The residents of Panaliar village in collaboration with the Panaliar Tourism and Environmental Development Society (PSDSO) have come out to clean up the Myntdu River at Syntu Ksiar on Friday.
On the 21st, Ladthadlaboh will play against Salaroh at 1 pm and Khimusniang will play against Catholic Youth at 3 pm.
He said that the survey on the number of Hati and other animals in the state is the responsibility of this government department.
They were cleansed all the time.
She said that the most important need in government hospitals is the availability of staff.
Titos W Chyne, who represented Sohra as MLA from 2013 to 2018, was defeated by Gavin Mylliem, incumbent MLA of Sohra from the People's Democratic Front (PDF). PDF).
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today announced the intention of the Government of India to provide housing assistance to 20,535 residents of Meghalaya. The state has registered under the PMAY-G scheme, with the intention of releasing the money to those who are eligible to receive the scheme, so that they can start the construction of houses. with the expectation of the authorities to complete the project by October of
The truck was later taken to Lumshnong Police Station on suspicion of carrying illegal items.
On the other hand, the KSU has expressed its surprise and surprise after the people of this coke offered the KSU a monthly fee if it stops this demand.
Shillong: The Neurogen Brain and Spine Institute Mumbai will hold a free treatment for brain and spinal cord diseases in Shillong on 15th June
They were released on the same day, but they were released on bail.
Man is different from animals according to the Word of God.
Earlier, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the HSPDP has produced many MLAs, MDCs and 2 MPs. former MLA/MDC, party leaders on this occasion.
Yadav did not comment on the incident, as even during his public speech, he did not criticize the slipper.
“In fact, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui have promised that the cases received by the NIA will not be investigated. this is a peaceful conversation.
“Answer me Rida, why don't you listen...” The mother looked at him. “In fact, I don't mean that.
They said that they have recently sent a petition to the KHADC, Hima Mylliem and the Syiem of Raid Marwet, to demand the re-empowerment of the Garo Rangbah Shnongs, as has been the case in the past years. They also said that they will hold a strong protest if this demand is not met, so that it will be for the benefit of the Garo people in Ri Bhoi and the state. added.
“This 108-bed hospital will serve the residents of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Speech was also delivered by Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the leaders of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit who donated T.1.21 lakh to the village. for the beautification and promotion of economic development and tourism in Kongthong.
These institutions will be collectively known as the Telangana Institute of Medical Sciences (TIMS) and will have about 4,000 beds.
These are the same parties that claim to have strong leaders, but when asked by the media they claimed that the UDP is the leader and we are only the followers.
Melajied said that as a nation we don't want even 10 inches of land from others but as a nation we will stand to protect our land even if we have to die.
Nongstoiñ, June 27 : Mawshynrut Block has won the Under-12 Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer of West Khasi Hills District.
In the 1st Division, Porshangbet beat Nonglwai II 2-0 goals to win the title. On Friday in the 1st Division, Marskuiñ will play against Lawse at 12:05 pm, while in the Super Division, Upper New Nongstoiñ will play against Mawlarshong at 2 pm.
Dolly said she had tried to talk to the Customs to explain that the Supreme Court order did not apply to other countries, but they did not listen.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Tuesday said that the Voice of the People (VPP) under the leadership of Ardent M Basaiawmoit has been a trick. to pollute the minds of the youth for political gain.
“According to the RTI reply, no reply has been received to the Executive Committee.
I also strongly support that the Khasi people should change their way of taking lineage from the Father, because if we take lineage from the Father as I have written in the newspaper, the people Our country will be free from these problems that our nation is facing now at this time that we have given to the nation of the mother as follows:-The bloodshed in the family:-In my opinion, The giving of jait to the mother has brought a great sin of bloodshed in our Khasi family where the brothers and sisters have come to marry each other.
Fire such a person who preys on poor entitlements who know nothing of them.
Desertification also contributes to the loss of forest areas due to climate change.
He also promised that if the party comes to power, it will improve the health of the people by improving the health facilities. Speakers included former MDC Philip Tangliang, Sunday Bamon, Tip Syrti, Minot Lapasam and others. He urged the people to support Bah Vincent.
“On the other hand, the Vice President has expressed his opposition to holding programs by allowing foreigners to commit acts of violence against the students of the University after he was attacked by them,” he said. said.
Shillong: Meghalaya will get its 12th district on 10th November 2021, which will be known as Eastern West Khasi Hills District, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah. on Wednesday.
But when a person takes things as positive there is a space to improve in thier life.
Nongpoh, July 09: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region, today expressed its gratitude to the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Northern Region, for donating food items to the refugees in Pamlatar. The organization is ready to extend its hands of sympathy to all those refugees who have suffered loss and damage in this incident.
During the election campaign, the NPP and UDP leaders, who are also MLAs, have clapped their hands until some say that the UDP MLAs will be led on foot after the election. that's the boss.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC) has submitted a report on the recruitment of teachers in Lower Primary (LP) schools. Agness Kharshiing has requested this report through the RTI Act,
There is also a hole, there is a hole in the ground.
“If the district authorities demolish the house built by the KSU, the KSU will take steps to demolish other houses (in Maxwelton Estate,” said Najiar.
Another event in which the youth athletes of the state have won medals is Pincak Silat and the winners of these medals include Usefulness Lyngdoh Nongum (f) 65-70Kg, Kyrshanlang Lyngdoh (m) 45-50 kg won the silver medal while Pranjal Rabha (m) won the silver medal in the 60-6 kg category. 65-70, Indoarbiushbirth N Marak ( m) 40-45kg, Lakshmi Rabha( f) Weight- 55-60, Joplin Khar kybang( f) Weight 60-65.
The MHIS scheme was implemented in March
For those who have survived and stayed in the Indian authorities, there may be no problem for them.
There are 40 cases today.
They were brought from Williamnagar District Jail in East Garo Hills to Shillong on Saturday and released today.
“We can no longer work with the incumbent CEM (Bah Ardent) because of his absence from the EMs, we want to be in the ARPA but we want to change the leader.
Shillong: Ka Sur Ki Mawlai and Mawlai Dorbar Town, will not be able to participate in the Peace Committee appointed by the State Government, until the State Government temporarily suspends all the policemen involved in the shooting. Cherister Field Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month.
The meeting was held at the office of the Prime Minister.
Speaking on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP), which the Mukul Sangma government had earlier refused to implement, Rowell said, “We don't work, even now. I am against the ILP, because it is only a restriction on what we should live together, work together, trade together and therefore, I think the ILP will be a hindrance. ) to our nation"
Dor Dielang na Amlarem T.42.75 Shi Liter (S.K.Oil Agency Price, Amlarem T.40.75, Transportation Charges T.1.00 Per Liter.
Comingone Ymbon has been appointed to the PWD (Buildings) and Fisheries departments, while Shakliar Warjri has been appointed to the SAD and PHE departments. Prime Minister for the appointment of 11 Ministers.
Also present on the occasion were the President of Nongpoh Sports Association, Bah Lambok Rymbai, Ramgbah Shnong of Pahamsyiem, Bah Gedwin Lyngdoh, President of HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten and others. others are old.
The winner Tyrsad Combine FC won a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka and a trophy.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that a new case of corona virus has returned from Chennai and is currently undergoing quarantine. Government of Meghalaya.
Para 3 of the Sixth Schedule: The amendment to the Sixth Schedule according to Para 3, empowers the J.H.A.D.C to make laws and regulations relating to land, forests, He doesn't want the villages, the village headmen, the judiciary and other activities within our society as Jaintia people.
Why are you like that ? Isn't it a shame that you don't care about yourself?
The Niti Aayog has released its first report on the North East Region covering eight states, Assam, Tripura, Sikkim, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh.
In Group A, Shillong, Jyntru will play against Umkseh at 3 pm. In Group B, Jowai will play against Ladthadlaboh at 2:30 pm. – Mawten vs. Seven United, at 3 pm and from Group D, Tura – Warima Youth Club vs. Atong Matgrik at 3 pm.
The union added that the arrest of these foreigners is on the grounds of lack of jobs for the indigenous people whether in private service or government jobs.
Jowai, Naitung 10 : The Sengkhihlang wishes all the children of the Seiñ Raij Jowai who live and work across the country a happy Behdieñkhlam. on 11/07/2022 and ends on 14/07/2022 at the Ayiem Aitnar of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
According to them, they arrived in Shillong at 6:00 pm by a bus which charged T.900 tyngka for two persons.
“Previously, 5% included Bodo, Koch, Rabha, Hajong and SC but after the inclusion of Mann, now six ethnic groups receive only 5% of the share which is a great injustice.
Because of the construction of this bridge, it has been a great blessing to all the people and it is also a beautiful sight.
Apart from the nutritional value of sohmynken, sohmynken also contains chemical compounds that are responsible for the nutritional value of sohmynken.
This was announced by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, R. Ravi.
Speaking to media on Thursday, he said, “I have asked the NHIDCL to repair the road as this should continue until the new road is completed.
Other speakers included Home Minister Roshan Warjri, Chief Whip RV Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary and MLA Kennedy Khryiem, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri and Deputy Commissioner. of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal.
Gilbert Laloo said that all those invited by the Union have confirmed to attend the meeting except for Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh who has not yet informed.
“This issue is necessary, the government should look into it.
Besides, the Seng Samla Shnong has also invited DJ Wanshan from Jowai, a famous singer in the state, who has performed so well that even the elderly have to move their bodies when he sings.
They didn't know how many days, how many years, or how many years, because at the time of the end there were no writings.
Shillong, Nailar: The Kharbudon Kur in a statement through Bah Tribelget Kharbudon today announced that it will hold the Slipshon Award 2022 to the students of the Kharbudon School who have passed the highest marks in the examination. Ist Division in SSLC, CBSE (Class-X) and ECSE (Class X) exam
“As Khasi Pnar, we want to be with our own state, because we don't want to live in foreign countries, because they feel too foreign.
In the past few days, he has received a reply that the Government of India has taken the right part as arranged and has also sent action from the Ministry of Union. Road Transport & Highway through the office of the Superintendent Engineer of the Department.
The three MLAs with the lowest income are Rupa M. Marak of AITC (T.5 lakh), Bah Adelbert Nongrum of VPP (T.13 lakh), and Bah Nujorki Sungoh of VPP (T.13 lakh). to UDP (more than T.18 lakh).
How can we work together as a group? “The Congress leaders should not forget that when the NCP (now NPP) Purno Sangma went to Delhi in 2009 to join hands with the Congress, “It is the Congress leaders who have tied the UDP door because they don't want to work with Purno Sangma's party”.
The party is also ready to debate with him on this issue.
KT Rama Rao, Minister of Urban Development and Municipal Administration, Telangana government, said the Act will apply to all private buildings, government buildings, offices and shops. households, should prepare the application, to get the approval of the government department, before they build houses.
ZOSIAMA THIANGLIA (UDP) –  16563.
(Jesus speaks of Jerusalem saying – the days shall come upon you, that your enemies shall cast a trench about you, and compass and besiege you.
The village is located near the banks of the Kynshi River where the Kynshi Stage-I Hydel Project of Athena Company was supposed to be constructed.
Guwahati: Under the support of the State Support Mission of the NITI Aayog, the Women Entrepreneurship Platform (WEP) is preparing to hold its second workshop in collaboration with the Government of Arunachal Pradesh.
In the letter, Bah Shylla said that the date, time, place and how to conduct the meeting will depend on the wisdom of the Rangbah Shnong.
It has taken decades for us to get a place on the global high table.
He said that about T.1.5 lakh to T.2 lakh of Sohphan will be purchased from the public every day, where it will be processed and sold after being made into jackfruit chips, jackfruit flour, jackfruit jam and others and about 150 women will receive training and employment and through this project about 20 kinds of food items will be produced from Sohphan of Meghalaya.
This is after these people expressed their concern regarding the testing and paying T 500 per day before entering the state as directed by the state government. Those who enter the state must be tested through RAT at a cost of T5
Once again, I am happy that my sister has met a religious person.
It is through the skills of the new candidates that many MLAs who have won many times are still losing.
“But you, father, are the city and the city.
The police chief said the ASAK members had rejected the actions of Sohan who had stolen the money and had fled the GNLA and joined the Reading group. Sohan has been warned against the Garo people.
The program was also attended by the BDO of Mairang Block, Dr LR Hynniewta, Sub-Divisional School Officer Mairang, Bah J. Thyrniang, other government employees, teachers and others. students of various schools of Mairang Block.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umtyrnga Ribhoi district, under the leadership of Bah Marcus Lapasam, today came to demand that the State Government should challenge and cancel the illegal registration of land. thousand acres, without the consent of the land owners.
Speaking to reporters, Doctor Marbaniang said, “After the man turned near me, I drove him away but at the same time he suddenly stabbed me twice until I was shocked. Fortunately, the police at the Police Booth of the Hospital arrived and stopped the man from attacking me.
Nongpoh: In a public meeting against the government's plan to set up a garbage dump at Mawlwai village, on Saturday, the residents of Mawlwai village held another garbage dump. Through this meeting, they decided to continue to oppose the government's plan to set up a garbage dump in Mawlwai.
“However, the important thing is that this is the first time that the Chief Ministers of the two states have taken the initiative to complete the resolution of the peaceful areas and then consider the problematic areas. “I hope that this issue will be resolved soon,” he said.
The complaint said that the directors of RRL benefited from the money withdrawn from SBI (State Bank of India) and defrauded the bank of Rs 280 crore.
The rainfall in the last 24 hours in Mawsynram was 199.0, Mawkyrwat 173.0, Shella 164.0, Williamnagar 108.0, Mawphlang 87.4 and Nongstoin
According to the information received, the school has been putting the same statue of God in the batch of students but in the past they put a smaller statue while now they put the same statue of God in the batch of students. larger picture.
KHLIEHRIAT: When there is a will, there is a way and this is true today for the members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body who have been arrested by the police for the first time; However, on the second occasion, they achieved their goal of protesting against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 by burning the statue of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"It's Saturday and they have to leave early for their jobs so that they don't get hurt," said the son and got up to get ready to go to his shop. the pet and the customers at Halbert's mobile shop.
However, he stressed that the Government needs to convene all the groups before taking a final decision.
Meghalaya has become a hub of drug trafficking and not just a transit point.
We are what we think.
The KSU Upper Circle has lodged a complaint at Mawngap Police Station against these people. The KSU Upper Circle has handed over to the law enforcement authorities. They have violated the protocols of COVID-19 and the announcements of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, TULBA has come forward to demand a law to protect the jaitbynriew or can call a rally at any time.
Not only the Syiem of the Hima Khyrim but we also see that there are many Himas around the Khasi Jaintia Hills who have made mistakes in the administration of the Hima Hima which has brought about a lot of trouble and confusion in everyone. village that thaw.
Shillong: The MDCs of the United Democratic Alliance (UNGA) today filed their nomination papers for the CEM and Chairman elections to be held on the 17th and 18th of this month. this month.
The Summit is one of the most prestigious platforms to recognize and encourage those who have worked tirelessly to improve health in the North East.
The names Maram and Jaintia are the names associated with the ancient Hima rule because this name refers more to those who lived under the Maharam and Jaintia Hima.
India ranks 44th in the number of investors, higher than Poland, South Korea, Sweden, Bahrain, Oman, New Zealand, Norway, Mauritius, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Hungary and Finland.
In this tournament, there were 16 teams divided into their respective groups.
Lumdiengjri Police Station has investigated the case under PS Case No. 93(8)19 U/S 403/406/408/420/465/468/471 IPC and arrested Alfas Bareh. The chowkidar of the church and the chargesheet have been filed against him.
Most of the people have to walk along with the vehicles on the road because the roads and footpaths have been covered by the khar die madan.
That will enable parents and children to be a blessing to others and to honor their Creator.
Sangma, Moonstar Nongsiej, Pyrkhatjanai Kharkongor, Wanteilang Malngiang, Jeffrey Warlarpih (coach), Beneslaus Khyriem (Assistant Coach & Mangaer).
The problem is that 115 out of the 196 who have completed the training are over the age of appointment.
The building, which has been converted into the UCPF office, was donated by Drestinora Makri, the mother of Sunshine Makri.
“I will soon visit Tura to ensure that the work is progressing and after the construction of the necessary facilities, I have no doubt that the opening of this medical school will be soon,” she said.
The best thing is that after drinking alcohol, do not drive anymore to avoid any injuries or tragic incidents.
On the 21st of June, Shangpung will play against Mookyrdup.
According to detailed information, the BSF Meghalaya team has seized several Indian sugarcane through special operations at various places on the international border of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the union urges the people of Nongpoh area, to support the party on this day, which is also to listen to the MeECL department, which has He added that the government has been responsible for the increasing power outages and the increase in electricity bills, even when the electricity supply is not accurate.
However, Bah Wahlang said that there have been 22 patients who have been refused to receive the MHIS because they are not qualified.
As expressed in the purpose of this Youth Month, it is part of the training of the children whether it is in the spiritual life or other sports which are to encourage the children to they will know that path in their lives and especially that they can still draw closer to God.
After they became ill, the family members of the deceased first took them to the PHC in Nongpoh but later they shifted them to the PHC Nongpoh. The victim was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital.
Jowai, Nailur 29: The (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Sacred Heart Football Academy, Sohryngkham Sports Club, Umphyrnai Sports Club and PFR Academy Football Academy have won three points in the first leg of the tournament.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, Adrian C. Mylliem from Jirang, Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh and Charles Marngar from Nongpoh. From Mawhati and Umroi, the party will soon announce the name of the candidate.
In Jaintia Hills: No candidates have registered yet and some will be registered tomorrow.
The mombati will be held in Jowai today, but before the meeting, the shops were closed in many parts of Jowai and Mihmyntdu especially the shops owned by foreigners.
The opening ceremony was attended by RC Tympang Laloo, Chairman Sports and Games Committee, Kamki Kyndiah, Secretary Sports and Games Committee, RL Bimee Suwer, Waheh Chnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah and other dignitaries. Iongpiah's replacement.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Home Affairs in the State Government will be held by Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
The union also expresses its gratitude and congratulations to the police department for taking the initiative to reduce the traffic jam and the union will continue to cooperate on any issues related to the traffic jam. bring benefits to the people.
Speaking to u SP of Ri Bhoi District, he said that unidentified robbers had tried to set fire to a puja in Umsning by detonating a petrol bomb. he wasn’t where they intended to be and there was no damage or fire.
What is the difference between the mawphlang priesthood and the sangriang priesthood? Do you know if you sit down?
He said it is important for the children to know the relationship with the environment because the knowledge about the environment should start from school to be instilled in the minds of the children.
A team of Assam Rifles has recovered a plastic bag containing three coils of wire and 21 IED bombs. of the road from Imphal to Moreh, a town on the India-Myanmar border in Manipur.
He said that it is necessary to visit the Units and Polling Stations to strengthen and on his part, he will visit Nongstoin and West Khasi Hills from time to time to conduct training on how to conduct the polling stations. the work of the party.
Because God doesn't show partiality to anyone like us humans.
“In fact, I would like to say that if anyone is weak, it is Dr. Mukul Sangma during his time that whatever happens, he uses force, by violence, to destroy “It is not a sign of leadership,” said Conrad.
It is therefore necessary to consult with the farmers or their organizations and others.
KSU Nongkrem Circle General Secretary Samla Iaishah Warkhyllew said in a statement.
JOWAI: The Rotary Club Jowai has honored two young talented singers and musicians from Jowai at the opening ceremony of the Silver Jubilee of the Rotary Club Jowai. Shillong MP Vincent H Pala in the Loomsoiung Newhill Legislative Assembly on Saturday.
Among those arrested, 38 persons have been confirmed as leaders in this case in which drugs worth T.19.11 crore have been seized and about 17 incidents have been reported. They have filed charges against them, he said.
The program was also attended by Ramkumar S, IAS Mission Director, NHM and Dr Pradeep Haldar, Senior Strategic Advisor, JSI.
I also learned the values ​​of righteousness, faithfulness, confidence and righteousness.
“We have ordered an inquiry into this,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
“How can we produce petrol fares when nobody comes out to ride,” he said, adding that in this city, taxi fares are charged by sharing unlike in other states where there is no booking system.
The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, urged the school authorities to focus on the talents of the students in order to bring about the development of all schools. side.
Not only that, but he took a stick and beat him.
“We on behalf of the MFA are convinced that this team is hopeful, we look at the players, we look at their consistency and this expectation of ours has not been fulfilled. "It's not right," said Bah Hamlet.
“Most of the football clubs I have helped from different villages to donate balls, jerseys and money as prizes to award to the tournaments, not a single club has come forward.
Tirot Singh was imprisoned by the British in 1833 and died on 29th October 1834, according to a statement on the Prime Minister's Facebook page.
A complaint has been filed against them under four sections of the Act, including Section 307 (attempt to murder) which is injury with intent to murder.
Shillong: The Presbyterian Church (PCC) has attended a welcome ceremony for Congress President Rahul Gandhi.
The Rangbah Shnong said that fortunately, the people were not injured because the cow died first.
The Minister also informed that the State Government has recently introduced the Industries Meghalaya Agency (IMA) to regulate the industry and investment in the State.
It is true that there have been attempts by the Riewlum Parties to form a Government, but they have not been able to do anything because of the lack of people.
The total number of recoveries is 173 and the death toll is
The meeting was conducted by Bah Iohdor Diengdoh, Convener of the Trinamool Congress, East Khasi Hills District. Congress, Jayanta Sen and other leaders.
Shillong, Naitung, 15: The Mawlai Pyllun Samla (SSMP) on Saturday honored the best students, Rangbah Shnongs, sportsmen, PWD Engineers, journalists and others. residents of Mawlai, at a meeting held at Shillong Polyntechnic, Mawlai Kynton Massar.
In a statement, the party said that it will not back down from the protest against the railway line without the laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state.
The KSU Namdong Unit, which visited the PHC, found that the PHC had to stay in darkness on Friday.
Sumioo Tariang of West Madan Mustem scored the lone goal (3, 77).
The fight against the disease in the state has shown a close relationship between the ASHAs and the villages.
Both the arrested told police that they, along with Lalit Patil, had been involved in the production of MDMA since 2014 and sent the banned drug to groups that take part in recreational activities.
The NPP candidates after the filing of nomination papers expressed their positions including land, khadar governance and other issues.
The Mawlaidong VO was established in 2020 with the participation of SHGs in Kynshi Mawria.
The dissolution of these Block Congress Committees, which still have MLAs, shows that the party no longer trusts its MLAs, who are still in the party and that it cannot be replaced by other people. in your place.
Dolloi Nartiang has been arrested on charges of raping a woman who came to take medicine in 2018 and has another case of assaulting a girl. John Anthony Dohling Nongspung, Shillong, passed away on the 2nd of this month at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
By using digital technologies in the implementation of PM KISAN, the Government has also taken steps to provide digital services to agriculture.
“At present, there has been no proper instruction to the health workers to explain to the public when they go to give Tika. “I have not received enough explanation to explain to those who come to give Tika what will happen when Tika is given,” he added.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that there is a shortage of jobs in Government departments and the State Government is considering to create more opportunities for the youth in terms of you're right.
This was witnessed by the people and the leaders of the Phawa clan.
Before the public meeting at Madan Nongrah, Babu Rasor, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Lawrence Basaïawmoit, laid a wreath at the Mot of Tirot Singh in front of his former house. conduct a celebration ceremony for the elderly, youth and others.
Murray earlier made his ISL debut for Kerala Blasters FC in the 2020-21 season before joining Jamshedpur FC in the 2021 season. -22 in the ISL Shield.
The pioneering works in ancient Indian mathematics continue to influence research even today.
MLA of Jowai Constituency Shri Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest along with Lambomi Suchen SDO of Meghalaya State Skill Development Society. trainees of Bosco Pnar.
The arrest of these four persons came after police arrested two persons suspected of involvement in the IED bomb blast at the Syndicate bus stand in Them Iew Mawlong. happened last Saturday night.
Jowai, July 23: U Markut War and Mathiyas Liam of Barato village have been arrested by the police on charges of killing his brother. whose name was Phim Liam.
“The messages we have received through mobile phones have been filled with congratulations.
The Conference has now stressed the need for the FCTC to have the powers to curb the spread of tobacco.
It was also found that there is no vaccine for those aged 45 years and above and the government has announced to vaccinate those aged 18 years and above to 44 years but they have not yet received the vaccine, said the leaders.
“The department has not received any information on this,” said a statement from the Ministry of Home Affairs in an RTI request. Rs 2,000 per month while they are undergoing training to rebuild their lives.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Cabinet meeting this evening has decided to table two Bills in the Legislative Assembly of the State Government.
After the meeting, the Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, did not hesitate to speak to the media, and as soon as he left the airport, he got into the car.
Noting that almost all the players are under 21 years old, the former player said it is their responsibility as a team to ensure that the talented players get the opportunity to showcase their skills. so that one day they can lead the country.
"Speaking on the prevalence of the disease, Dr. Guleria said: "Candida can appear with white spots on the mouth, throat and throat; it can affect others. organs and can also be detected in the blood (when the case is acute).
Kharjahrin also urged the High Court in the state not to wait until the teachers have lodged a case on this issue, but to take the decision of Sou Motu. ka Case.Knowledge is the foundation of our nation.
From Meirisan comes MEIRILANG, which has rivers, hills and sohmyndur, which are on the surface of MEI RAMEW. decided to reopen for registration for the purchase of wheat for three days from 22nd October after a sudden rainfall which caused many damage to the crops in the state.
Fancy, who was angry, said, "You son of a bitch, you slept with another man in this bed" and immediately cut him into pieces with a knife.
For more information please call 8794190337, 9856902633,
From Mylliem, Mawphlang, South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, Lum Shillong, Pomlakrai, Laitkor, Urmasi, Joh and Smith.
This is not appropriate because the kingdoms and raids should be higher than one person.
However, this rule was not implemented in the tournaments held across the districts last year and most clubs signed only senior players and not senior players. under 21 years of age.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 361 new cases have been confirmed and 2422 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
On the other hand, Danggo is happy to leave the NPP at a moment's notice but he cannot do anything because he has to listen to the voice of many churches.
“When will we surprise mankind from all these things starting from our homes to the society so that we can become a strong nation in all aspects?”
Regarding the temporary dissolution of the Women's Wing and Youth Wing, the Women's Wing leaders said that in fact according to the rules of procedure of the HSPDP party since the past, it will not be possible. to take any decision only by the EC but by a General Meeting.
It was during the 1998, 2002 and 2004 seasons that Arsene Wenger was named Manager of the Season.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that as every year, the State Government together with the Education Department will hold the Teachers' Day. the program for teachers who must attend.
The truck drivers were angry with the delay in loading the coal trucks and alleged that during the protest, there was a clash between them and the police in which one policeman was injured.
Relatives and others who have any contact with the deceased are urged to call these numbers for the collection of the body.
Freedom of money will not be discussed especially those who are rich. Banks and government financial departments have increasingly forced them to spend lakhs and billions even if it is their own money.
However, unfortunately, for many years now, there have been no Inspectors to visit schools and for this reason, the education in many schools is poor.
After Dr Sailo, we have only learned that there are 11 or 12 people who are sick, but we don't know where they live or whether they are men or women. They can inform the public how many men and how many women have contracted the disease in the State.
The 30 km road has been allocated Rs 48 crore and is targeted to be completed by July
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The National People's Party (NPP) has accepted the request of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to defeat the National People's Party (NPP) in the 2023 MLA elections in Meghalaya. “We accept this challenge because we are ready to contest from the bottom of our hearts in the upcoming elections,” said NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong.
Walnuts: These nuts are artificial.
He said that the union has given until the 22nd for the I-PAC to implement the demand of CAPLIB Information Pvt Ltd. The All Shillong Tourist Taxi Drivers United Organization (ATA) has also conducted a new interview to open up opportunities for local youth to get jobs in the company.
He also suggested other measures to improve the communication channels in the Government for the benefit of all.
It was seen that the MDCs when they win, they support the party without giving them the ticket or the party that won them because they say that there is no law to protect them.
As we have seen the illegal activities of the MDA government which even the High Court has exposed from time to time, there is a fear that illegal mining may resume in the state in the name of “It's a scientific method,” said the statement.
According to the statement, the charges against Nijanduh Phawa are based on the illness of six (6) children and three of these children have fled to her house.
At the meeting, it was also announced that traders from Assam can return to Garo Hills and continue their trade.
The NDA will win 330 Lok Sabha constituencies across the country, AIADMK General Secretary Edappadi K Palaniswami said.
There are only 5 knives to be used in single or double.
According to a statement sent by the SDPRO office, the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division on Tuesday issued an order to suspend the containment order of the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank, Mairang from 10th. Containment order has been lifted after receiving the report of all high risk contacts and no new cases. Bank, Mairang and its surroundings for the resumption of services in compliance with the COVID-19 guidelines.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now reached its fourth day where Thangsning SCC will play against Thynroit SCC on 15th June
After this, the village informed the Nongpoh Police Station who arrived at the village to conduct an investigation.
In the midst of the fighting with the British Government , many of Kiang 's followers and many of the French troops died until the time came when Kiang Nangbah was arrested from Umpara by the merchants .
It brings in large amount of data in states and districts and monitoring is done on various issues of development inclusively instead of looking at a few states and district.
Shillong: All India Trinamool Congress spokesperson Saket S Gokhale today accused James PK Sangma, one of the ministers in the MDA government, of cheating journalists and to the people of Meghalaya as well.
Tanmay Mishra, who tied 52 runs from 83 balls, scored 111 runs for the fourth wicket. 3 with 75 runs remaining to clinch the win from the remaining 16 overs.
Self-declaration for those who do not have a local taxi in their name.
Tura, Lber 6: Meghalaya and Garo Hills have mourned the passing away of Purno Agitok Sangma, whose body will be buried tomorrow in Tura.
The HSPDP is also still alive.
It is a common activity in all countries of the world especially for food, production and sale and this activity will continue from generation to generation.
Through the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, the Minister also distributed 2000 piglets to 500 farmers besides distributing checks to producer groups and FOCUSS + cards.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that all government departments including the President of India have been appointed by politicians. politicians in government recruitment departments such as the MPSC and the District Selection Committee (DSC).
Therefore, we must pray in the name of Jesus because it is the name above all names.
The victim was taken to hospital.
Why did he come to my place in the middle of the night and I didn't meet him because I was hiding.
He said that the growth of martial arts in the state has increased day by day and this can be seen when youngsters from an early age come forward to take part.
These two programs on July 21 will promote the participation of people from different countries and will also showcase yoga as a life-supporting force, no matter what people are in. .
On the other hand, the Village Authorities of these 3 villages have expressed their support and appreciation for the arrival of these 4 organizations in their villages and welcomed and cooperated with these 4 organizations especially with the KSU which has been trained. to this program.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has suggested to the government to complete the first phase of the demarcation process and not to rush to the second phase.
In the second match of the Under-14 Boys, Upper Mawbidong Secondary School beat Phlangkynshi Upper Primary School 3-0 goals with Ferdyson Shangdiar scoring in the 10th minute. 16 , 39 , and 47 .
“Although there has been no harassment of the people of Langpih, we have seen from time to time that the Assam government through the police and the villagers have harassed the people in Langpih. “I, as the leader of the area, demand that the government should build a fully functional Police Outpost in Langpih,” said Kimfa Marbaniang.
He used the reports of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the NITI Aayog to show that India has been able to reduce poverty.
The Federation of Mizoram Government Employees (FMGE&W) – the working union of all government employees of Mizoram in the past few days has announced to cancel the strike which they had scheduled to start in 6th to 7th of this month.
How long will the traffic police have time to train drivers from A-Z to know all the rules of driving?
It is also a work that has been done since ancient times.
Before the ceremony, Conrad K Sangma, Chancellor of the University, Mahbubul Haque, Chancellor of the University and other officials from NEHU, NESAC and others, attended the ceremony. He also visited the Central Instrumentation Center at PA Sangma International Block.
Shillong, March 3: Employees of the Divisional Forest Officer, Shillong have arrested two trucks carrying illegal rnga. They are numbered ML 04 B 1359 and ML 05 F
The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KBC) has formed a 5-Village Circle on the 18th of this month at a meeting held at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
It contains vitamin C and other nutrients that can protect the body.
The 7th Invitational Knockout Tournament of the Wahiajer Sports Club will start soon.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 22: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongor, IAS, in her speech on the occasion of the International Consumer Day, has reminded that For the public who are vigilant in buying their goods from the market, first of all, they should check the manufacturing and expiration dates of goods especially medicines. food items as well as drinking water to avoid any complications.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : U Minister of State for Child Development, Bishweswar Tudu today expressed his dissatisfaction with the meeting with the State Government Officers. The Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme in the state for the delivery of drinking water to the households of the residents has responded only orally without writing.
The Minister said that whatever they do is based on the evidence they have.
“This is after the East Jaintia National Council (ENC) has alleged that six coal miners have lost their lives in the Government in East Jaintia Hills District. Bison Shylla, Minister of Disaster Management, Kyrmen Shylla.
Another driver of the truck was identified as Fedrick Nongrum, 17, of Kynshi.
Mumbai: Tata Motors will launch a Grahak Samvaad campaign for commercial vehicles tomorrow. The campaign will be held from the 10th to the 21st of this month.
The Umroi MLA said that as of now, the lawyer has appealed to the Supreme Court and “I will be with you in this fight,” he said.
Alcaraz's first title was the US Open last year.
In Pynursla, the power outage started on the 27th of this month and the villagers said that there was a fall of trees and electricity signs in the area due to heavy rainfall in the area. In the past few days, which has caused the entire area to lose electricity.
The Ground & Pound MMA Gym, which hosted the tournament, is one of the leading training centers in the field of Mixed Martial Arts for both men and women. Cores Marwein has been appointed as the Chief Coach.
Hopefully the nation will AWAKE & ARISE Dedicated to you readers of this short article, I ask you to forgive me for my shortcomings and I am ready to forgive as long as I believe but I believe I hope you will accept what I am sharing with you through this article and I hope it will be a wake-up call to us Khasi brothers and sisters so that our Jaitbynriew will survive forever.
“We must ensure to involve the community in all our activities and when we look at the development of the economy and tourism we must also look at the protection of the environment.
A Chinese doctor, who was one of the first to warn about the outbreak, died on Tuesday morning.
They said that the office workers are people who have never faced any problems since they started getting jobs, as they have escaped from the rain, wind, heat of the sun and other problems.
Special speakers on the occasion included Block Program Manager Bah W.Kharpran who spoke on the work of JAS, VHC and their role in the society.
Earlier, Modi said Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister ShivRaj Singh Chouhan had visited every village in his state and given an account of what his government has done.
“The delay in the release of the prize money is a loss to the children as many of the children come from low income families and without the assistance it will be difficult for them to participate in the competition. they're outside," said Bah Pynshai.
Stating that confidence is the most important lesson that has come out of the pandemic, the Prime Minister said that the health services around the world must be resilient.
The Children's Minister also said that Shanmuganathan has resigned from the post of Governor with a sense of responsibility for the allegation.
It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the regions and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to unite all the languages ​​into one central language.
A Welfare Scheme of T.30,000/- each will also be distributed to those members of APSTA who have retired until
He also urged the public to be vigilant and if there are any trees which they see that could endanger the people they should inform the DFO office and he will take the necessary action.
The people, both men and women, planted rice in the ground.
Banteidor, who is also the Vice President of the SSA, said that the cost of the project is not less than Rs 5 crore and if enough, the work will start before the end of this year. .
"Ka Kong Mira June, who was re-elected as the new President today, said that as she has led in the past years, she will continue to work as she used to do when the members are still able and allow them to vote again. She said that she will put forward the work of the Union.
Besides these items, the corruption has reached tens of thousands of rupees through mawria, shyiap lum, shyiap um, mawblock. he didn't give anything.
However, the MCTA alleged that the VC's action is a lie as no decision has been taken on the implementation of the NEP in the State.
“This current policy will be a way to address the issue of job creation in the next 10-15 years,” said Conrad. to encourage, train and empower young people to participate in beneficial activities.
There are also private schools or schools run by individuals and private groups and schools run by various groups that do not rely on the Government.
We have already met with the Prime Minister and the CEM to express our opposition to this,” said the MDC. It is planned to set up another one in Umsarang while Meghalaya is not willing.
This shows that the dignity of a nation does not depend on knowledge, but rather on human beings whose foundation is based on morality, righteousness, social life and humanity.
Amazon India has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) to assist small, medium and large enterprises. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) to promote the export of e-commerce products in India.
However, this will not happen in our party,” said Bah KP Pangniang.
“The mother has to take care of her five young children,” said the statement.
“As it has done to the guards of Jowai District Jail after the six robbers escaped from the jail, without summons, it should also do to those policemen who have a hand on the 13th," he said.
“The development of air routes in the North East and other states in India and the world will lead to rapid growth in tourism and other growth has increased along with it,” he said. Conrad added.
In a complaint sent to the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, the union said that the Border Security Force (BSF) of Bagli Border Outpost on 28/09/2023 at 4:30 pm In the evening, they broke into the shop of Tilian Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi in Bagli.
Within 10 months, the bapli sleeping on the streets will receive their salaries,” said Bah Kharkrang, recalling the recent protests of contract, Adhok and SSA teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya government has requested up to T.50,000 crore from the Fourteenth Finance Commission for the implementation of development projects in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pala said that this is not the first time but it happened in 2002 when about 7 people lost their lives in this village. .
It is not that the government is concerned that schools will turn into political battlegrounds but it is because the government is afraid that the VPP has become more and more prominent.
“When I go from one village to another, I don't have time to sleep but I continue to work for the welfare of the people. Your victory is not your money.
On the other hand, the family of Bah Shanbor, Hep's father, has arranged to leave his son to live with his wife, Lydia.
Shillong: Several Ministers of the State Government have been dismissed today.
After this victory, SCA-A will face Tura District Cricket Association A in the final, which is scheduled to be held at Mendipathar on Tuesday 12th October
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has appealed to the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the JHADC to remove the Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli.
The day is the harvest to separate the wheat from the chaff: the field is the world.
It helps to maintain the peace of the village from the invasion of the enemy especially at night.
Members of the HNYF Northern Region, led by President Marcus Marten and General Secretary Adelbert Nongrum, together with members of the HNYF, seized the drugs from an illegal liquor shop. The owner of the auto rickshaw was driven by Bah Coming Kharshandi.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr Ravi Kannan, Director, Cachar Cancer Hospital and Research Centre, who has also received the Ramon Magsaysay Award for 2023 and Thomas Pullenkav, Director, SELCO India.
In fact, just yesterday he was coming in contact, who would have expected him to be cooked.
“As I said that we will get 32 ​​MLAs on 2nd October, I will not change and I will confirm this,” he said.
Those who died in Christ were those who were killed by the armies of the beast.
The father stayed together for two nights to keep his first-time son safe.
“This allegation against the UDP party is because only the UDP party has decided not to have any ministerial appointment but these other parties with the MDA will have to appoint ministers and it is from this party. “The reason why they have a conflict among themselves is to escape from this change of minister and they have turned the topic to the coal mining,” he said.
The raid by the FKJGP members was surprising and it was also found that many foreigners working in the area did not have proper documents or labor licence, which led to the FKJGP members. to close many shops.
And if there is no one in that dorbar of the jaitbynriew who does not know how to pray Khasi, the civil society organizations should invite any person who knows how to pray Khasi, who knows the judgment and who knows and who knows how to pray Khasi. The Khasi prayer so that our nation will not be destroyed and so that God the Creator will bless us and that the nation will stand up for the cause of mankind in its own country.
It is not a sin to believe that they exist, and it would be a protection for our own lives if we believe that they exist.
Vikas Dubey, a successful robber from Uttar Pradesh, was killed this morning by police.
“It is the reason for the development works that brought me to the BJP and I will say clearly that I have no reason with the UDP but I understand that the development works in the state are only for the BJP. come up with and achieve," he said.
Indian Foreign Minister US Jaishankar today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi to brief him on the facts of the incident in Ladakh.
During the inspection, the MDC of Mawlai urged Bah HDR that the meat processing plant will not affect the drinking water supply of the village and urged to appoint the former Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Umjapung Mawiong as the former Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai. members of the Management Committee to look into the needs of the project, as in the previous announcement the government did not include the village authorities.
Also present were Robertjune Kharjahrin, President HYC Legal Adviser, KHADC, members of various political parties from West Khasi Hills, Village Leaders from the border villages. Langpih Sector, Hima Leaders from Nongmynsaw Hima and others.
Nongpoh: A day after it became public that an elderly man from Ampata village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, has tested positive for COVID-19, Ri Bhoi district officials today. including Bah C.Syrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District and other Police Chiefs have visited the area to talk to the village leaders of the area, in order to prevent the spread of the disease. to COVID-19.
He said that the opening of the Indoor Stadium is a Christmas gift to the village of Nongkseh.
Speaking to reporters, Champarry Warjri, General Secretary of the party, said that the MD should explain the allegation that the party leaders have threatened many people. employees.
According to the Peitngor newspaper, Shillong, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Ken Syiem, has announced that the Raid Marwet will award T.1 lakh. This is to encourage the residents of the border area to marry Khasi or Raid, because the Raid has lacked The villagers in the area and to refrain from marriage with the mynder, who have invaded the area.
On Tuesday, Ryntih, which is currently in second place, will play against Shillong Lajong, which is in seventh place.
Speaking to Rupang after the meeting, UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong said that at the meeting, the UDP has said that it is not only the MLAs who are MDCs who hold the rights. He said that many of the MLAs and MDCs of the Congress are not involved in the elections.
The union has discussed thoroughly on this issue and with one voice the union has decided to work together with one voice and one mind under the banner of the union, so that any problems faced by the union farmers and traders of cattle who are the owners of the state face or experience that it cannot be resolved through cooperation.
According to the Secretary of the Village, Bah Niewkor Nongrum, even the Presbyterian Church has turned 100 years old in 2021 (last year) and the village has been dep for many years before that.
In the Umyiap area, the water level in the past few days has exceeded the line that the water level has reached every year.
Adding to this, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that regarding the Office Memorandum of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he has not yet responded clearly. to look into it again and make arrangements, and will be called again to talk to them.
“It is a long-standing issue and these are the election slogans that they are trying to benefit from.
The Meghalaya government, in June, decided to oppose the Indian government's bill, which was approved by the entire Cabinet. Dozens of people have been injured in various bomb blasts in the country on Tuesday.
Laitkor SC will play against Kick Start Football Coaching Center at 2:30pm tomorrow, followed by Lawei Smit SC vs PFR. Academy at 4:15pm.
He added, “I come from a poor family but with hard work I have become this.
Nidaioh I Dhar scored three goals in the 8th, 20th and 65th minutes, while Pynioladmiki Ryngkhlem (9) and Dauni Suna (67) scored three goals in the 8th, 20th and 65th minutes. ) scored 10 goals.
The 21st of March is the day when we remember the example of those brave policemen of the country who died for the sake of peace and stability in our country.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp was named coach of the year and Alisson Becker was named goalkeeper of the year.
Know where they live and how.
The DC Ri Bhoi, said that the District authorities have enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the killing of wildlife in the rivers. However, it has been observed that there are people who take advantage and do not respect this law, so those involved in the throwing of bih inside the river, will be investigated and arrested. in penalties in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
The Sub Divisional Officer (Supply) Amlarem Sub Division has also invited new names for the post of ration seller at the Whole Centers in Amlarem (2), Nongtalang (1), Dawki (1) and Muktapur (1 each).
Gradually, however, this became a rule, and Gomer became accustomed to going alone to meetings, festivals, and parties without Hosea.
In the past, the Khasi people have valued the face jaiñ from the elderly, the elderly and the dignitaries who used it to cover their heads to show that they are dignitaries.
“There have been very few crimes in the state and the government has been able to curb them.
At the same time, these groups have requested the Deputy Commissioner to ensure that Hat Lyngkhat should not be closed down due to the implementation of the signboard project as this border market has been in existence for many years. ancient times.
It is not known which cadre Dukini will fall into, but she said she would prefer to fall into the Meghalaya-Assam cadre.
Kiang Nangbah High School beat Seiñ Raij High School 2-0
“The enactment of Section 144 CrPC in Shillong, Meghalaya is only to restrict the rights of the citizens of Meghalaya,” he said.
Although the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has been dissolved in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the UDP will continue to participate in the MDA-II government. led by the National People's Party (NPP).
Khliehriat West beat Pohmission Sutnga SC 1-0 in the tie-breaker.
Prestone said the two Chief Ministers of the two states have met yesterday to discuss the issue and the report is almost ready and they will leave soon. Delhi to meet Union Minister Amit Shah.
We the people, we fight as much as we can to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Government, but if the Government doesn't do this, where will we go? I agree with the statement of Kong Kurbah, DC, Ri Bhoi District, in which she said that if these residents who have returned are proud to receive such false reports, they will return home. that is, they have turned away from their loved ones.
“The Congress has fallen into a state of shock after 17 MLAs left the party and joined other parties.
Shillong, November 18: In the World Cup, there are predictors of winners and losers and one of the predictors of the World Cup football matches is the fish, known as Paul-Octopus.
He said that Meghalaya as a whole and especially Garo Hills has witnessed a great change in the last seven years.
Everyone talks about how money will work in the upcoming elections and how religious groups have a big role to play in explaining how to elect the next leaders,” said Bah Rymbui. 100th Anniversary of the Unitarian Church in Nongthymmai.
The Shnong has expressed its gratitude to the leader who has reached out to help for the Quarantine Center in the Shnong in the fight against COVID-19 in the past months.
Besides, I also confirm that the villagers will not be able to participate,” said the Prime Minister.
The goals for Amlarem SC were scored by Iaiddakyrmen Jungai in the 21st minute and Tori Jungai in the 51st minute.
Shillong Sixers won the toss and elected to bat first.
King Solomon testified to this truth, namely, the value of knowledge and discernment.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla praised the Eastern Civilization for its dedication and dedication and now it has become a source of employment for others.
Besides, she also suggested to appoint the state residents in the EC so that they can get clarity on other issues related to the State Reservation Policy and the aspirations of the people.
Jowai MLA and MUDA Chairman Wailadmiki Shylla launched the flag of the tournament on the occasion. St. Mary Mazzarello Secondary School Jowai won the title of Best Discipline School.
Education and information:- Educate your family members about rabies prevention and the importance of vaccination.
There is a saying “leaders are learners.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JACSO General Secretary Robert June Kharjahrin said that it is true that the government has called for talks with them. the crane is on the 2 Lane road.
Meanwhile, a team of patrol troops from the Assam Rifles denied this and said there were no bombs exploded and dropped on Indian soil.
He said that to strengthen any laws that the council has already passed, the leaders should continue because if they leave without taking action, the people will not take action.
“We want to send a clear statement to the State Government to release the two month salary as promised by the Minister of Education,” said the Seng leader.
Without confirming whether he will get a ticket from the UDP party, the Rangbah has decided to join the UDP party and is on his way to apply for a ticket from the UDP party. Mawhati Constituency.
On Tuesday, relief workers found three bodies in the landslide.
Four alumni were also awarded for their contribution in various fields.
Jowai, Nailar, 08: The Sessions Judge of West Jaintia Hills District, who heard the case No.99 of 2015, on Thursday, three robbers involved in the murder have been sentenced to life imprisonment.
They did not apply for the job, but they learned that their names have been sent by the company to the government through the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society. it exists, but the signature is not theirs.
Replying to the statement of the president of MSPWDO, the Society has already said that it will do whatever is necessary for the return of the two children to Shillong.
These lines were present on the day of the shooting.
The statues include Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
He said that one of the quarantine centers at Ruprekha should be closed down because he went himself and found that there was no one from any side to wait for them.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor and Chairman Pynshngain N Syiem today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy at Raj Bhavan today.
When she arrived at Bhoi Rymbong, the police sent her down and gave her a slip to go for scanning.
CP Mawkon, EAC of Khliehriat, has found that a truck (ML-04B-9355) belonging to Deibok Suchiang driven by M. Rymbai was carrying illegal coal at Byndihati. Similarly, at 4.30 pm, a truck (ML-04-4139) belonging to LB Sympli driven by Bran Chyrmang was found while it was driving. kit the coal in the Byndihati area.
The event will take place at 1.31 pm and will continue until 3 pm, covering more than half of the moon and ending at 4.30 pm.
The SNSBH, when it speaks of recognition, refers to all the jurisdictions in Bri Hynniewtrep and Garo Hills as well.
However, it will be of great benefit to those who follow all that has happened since the Constitutional anomaly was introduced to us and India.
This increase comes after decades when the government has increased the same allowance for students who have passed the examination.
Meghalaya needed 119 runs to tie Odisha once again after scoring
FKJGP West Jaintia Hills requests the MePDCL not to count or take bill lights for the people especially during the lockdown which has lasted for six months. The income of the people is especially the poor.
The work is in progress to expedite the payment of salaries,” said Lahkmen.
On this occasion, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai also released its Constitution.
Besides various programmes, such as marathons, competitions, puh syiar, maw point, tan tyllai, fancy dress, there will also be a Miss Living Roots competition. The candidates will be for young women over 18 years of age and only those who fall under Shella Constituency.
In 2014, Purno received 2,39,301 votes while the Congress candidate received 1,99,585 votes.
Chief Manager, Apex Bank Nongstoin Branch, Bah TK Wanniang explained about the Education Loan and PMEGP for the support of school children to continue their education and the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Programme. for self-employment because it is difficult to wait for government jobs.
Sangma said that during his preparations, he also met with his friend Prashant Kishore, who is one of the people we know well, who can change the course of politics. boundary.
The village leaders of Lapangap, who are repairing the village road from Khanduli to Lapangap on Saturday, inspected the road and found that the work is going smoothly. to the street.
The country is free and the Gospel of John speaks of Truth and Freedom.
The SNSBH also recalled the statement by Dr. Yogendra Narain, former Secretary General of the Rajya Sabha, former Defense Secretary to the Government of India and former Chief Secretary to the Government of Uttar Pradesh. Speaking at a meeting on democracy, he praised the North East and Meghalaya, saying that the khadar system here is a democratic system. indeed.
Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh said that he wants to work for the Mawhati constituency as a whole, while Kong Macdalyne S. Mawlong said that she came to contest from Nongpoh after seeing many things. while Bah Jason S.Mawlong said that he will do better than what he has done since his tenure as MLA.
