In this regard, the President of KSU Ranikor Circle, Samla Marconi Thongni urged the Government and also the Syiem of Mawiang Hima, who owns this market, to to take immediate action to repair this road without delay by throwing stones and shyiap on this road just to facilitate the traffic of the people through this road which is only about 1 km long.
Nongpoh, March 26: The Lynti Jam Football Center, Meghalaya in collaboration with SPT Sports Bangalore has resumed the 7th Sunfeast Cup 2023, Meghalaya Master for boys in the category. The tournament started on Friday at the Mawleiñ Mawkhan Stadium in the U-13 and U-16 men's and women's categories.
In November, 7.91 percent of the population was poor, 9.30 percent in urban areas and 7.28 percent in rural areas.
The MLA also expressed his concern regarding the deteriorating road from Mawsiatkhnam to Lummawsing, Mawtawar which he has been monitoring from time to time and requested the contractors to repair it. .
Police sources said that during the search operation, the robbers were also able to search their hideout and a motor bike.
The use of mobile (Smart Phones) has now helped in the process of searching for records of various cases. help to improve the working methods within the state as a whole.
Those who don't have ideology should think carefully.
During the time of the previous governments, they had understood the issue of building power plants in the state so that they could supply electricity but the problem that has arisen from this good intention of the Government is The opposition from the people because if the Wah is dammed, the damage and loss of land will be severe and this affects the people who have to earn their living from agriculture. .
Health centers in about 7000 villages have been severely affected by the 17-day strike by ASHA workers as a sign of protest against the government's inability to improve the quality of education. Their salary which they demanded to be increased from T.2000 to T.
He said that the residents of these villages have wanted the government to clean up the road.
However, they cannot yet understand these things even if they have listened carefully.
Soon the householder took the fish from my plate and shared it with my friends.
Israel has said more than 1,000 people have been killed in the Hamas attack.
The new committee will meet on Tuesday at 2:30 pm at the Main Conference Hall, Shillong.
He said that according to the rules of the Medical Council of India, the land for the construction of the Medical College should not be less than 20 acres and the Umsawli TB Hospital has only 17 acres. The Urban Affairs Department has allocated 5 acres of land for the College.
The AJYWO on Monday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, two Legislators of the District, Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and MLA Kong Santa. Mary Shylla to express her strong opposition to the proposal to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District and demand to meet urgent needs in East Jaintia Hills District. “Like other political parties and the people of East Jaintia Hills, and the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, AJYWO, in one voice, strongly opposes the government's plan. on the grounds that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been implemented yet in the state, as has been done in other states of the North East. ri India, which the state government has taken a decision in the assembly, since 2019, to implement it for the protection of the indigenous people of the state, but which has now been ignored by The state government and the central government,” said Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
The High Court has urged the government to take the necessary measures to ensure that even if the electricity supply is turned off due to shortage, hospitals and other health facilities should be released or installed. Diesel generators in hospitals so that the operation will not be interrupted.
“The Committee expects to lose after the MDC elections,” said Bah Dkhar.
“I appeal to the residents, village leaders of Mowkaiaw to allow peace to return and forgive those who have offended them,” said the new MDC of Mowkaiaw.
Therefore, all the youths are requested to attend the meeting without fail so that the work can go smoothly.
A shark has been killed by a group of tourists on a beach in Egypt after it allegedly swallowed a tourist. world and Russia.
Speaking to media, James said that there were many issues that arose during the election, but, with the work done by Agatha, it will not affect the victory. .
Members of the Samla Seng took part in the cleaning of the roads.
The team will be led by Uttam Singh as captain and Boby Singh Dhami as his secretary.
Therefore, if we say that God's Word is true, as Christians we must decide and we cannot argue with others.
Nongpoh: Village leaders and elders from different villages under the Raid Marwet, today held a public meeting at the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, to showcase the There is a strong opposition to the crossing of the border by the Hima Nong, Mawtamur and Sohiong Lyngdohship.
The incident happened at 5 pm this evening, when the driver of the Auto Rickshaw was alone, but after he did not stop, two others came. his friends and those who were riding in the auto.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: A house fire broke out at Nongmawlong village, Umsning C&RD Block, at 6 pm this evening. Lyngdoh, was burnt to death in a terrible fire.
Similarly, the public can be sent slowly to any place of worship.
Sambor Chyrmang scored 45 runs (5×4 and 4×6) while Heimonmi Nongpluh scored 41 runs (6×4 and 1×6) without an out.
“Today I have sent the Magistrate and the Additional Superintendent of Police to investigate whether there is really a smuggling of uranium deposits. say ei ei until I get the report".
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sanbor, BJP MLA, said that Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju has been sent to Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju to fix a time and date to meet Modi, Amit and other BJP leaders at Delhi after Christmas this year.
In 2016, a report by Reporters Without Borders ranked India as one of the most dangerous countries for journalists after Iraq and Syria.
“If all those MLAs and candidates contest from the Congress party, I believe we would have ruled the government, but we still have five MLAs who won the election,” he said.
Kine that cultivator spirit that don good variety.
These roads have been cut off and have to be repaired urgently to allow vehicles to pass through these roads.
The punishments are difficult to read.
The doctors also protested against the decision of the Bombay High Court, which compared doctors to factory workers, which they strongly opposed.
“Trust in the Lord and do good; dwell in the land, and pursue righteousness.4 Delight yourselves also in the LORD; and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart.
If a man is discriminated against by another woman, is there a rule against a woman who discriminates against her husband? If there is no rule, that rule is discrimination on the basis of gender. sex).
“I am pleased to see that the release of coal mining in Jaintia Hills from the Coalmines Nationalization Act has been reflected in the increase in the income of the Jaintia people as we can see from the Coalmines Nationalization Act. the emergence of many beautiful houses in the villages of Jaintia and elsewhere as well as the ownership of expensive land in Shillong and the presence of educated people.
Many of these illegal factories have been closed down and the search for the owners is ongoing.
The date of birth for both male and female participants must be from 30-06-2011 to 30-06-2
Dr. Ronald Gary Dunai, who spoke on the peace of the soul and other achievements that have happened in the world, gave the keynote address.
He explained that as the youth they also need hard work and cooperation to bring stability and peace, development in the society.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lamin said that the village should be closed temporarily because there is no arrangement with the district authorities and we don't want to gather. or call for talks between the Sengbhalang, the village authorities especially those in Tamabil area and the District Administration.
“In fact, the district authorities should have informed on social media every day, so that we truck drivers can avoid being threatened or prepare. ) to the needs in terms of food".
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Meghalaya Tourism Policy, 2023 has been launched by the State Government through the Ministry of Tourism on Thursday with the aim of bringing about many changes and developments in the state. in many ways.
Zelensky said Ukrainian ministers had met to discuss security measures to strengthen security and protection of these Ukrainian bases.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Mawlai MLA on Tuesday said that he has not stopped fighting for the Mawlai C&RD Block and has demanded from the government to keep it within the boundary of Mawlai. open it.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Judah Wahlang, said that the Dorbar Shnong will conduct a thorough investigation to find out the parents of the deceased. they are not born.
Hours after the residents of Umsyiem near Dawki alleged that the Border Security Force (BSF) troops have misused their powers, the army has clarified that the Border Security Force (BSF) troops have misused their powers. On July 25, 2013, they denied this and said that some people suspected of being smugglers threw stones at the 4Battalion troops who were on duty in Umsyiem after the troops. They discovered the plot of the robbers on the Dawki-Pynursla road near the Bangladesh border.
However, they should know A, B, K, D and pass village schools which are only up to class 3 or class 4 just to know how to sign their own names.
In another development, Conrad Sangma wrote on his Facebook page that he met with Home Minister Rajnath Singh and congratulated them on the victory of the NDA. , in the 2019 MP elections and also discussed issues related to the North East.
The death toll from Khieshohrih in Meghalaya has dropped from 40 in 2015 to 3 in
This was the first new settlement of Nonglyngkien.
The State Governments of the North East have also joined hands with NEDFi in this initiative.
Also present on the occasion were Hame Shaniah Suiam, Pynnehbor Mylliemngap, Edward Mawthoh, Nathaniel Pynbianglang Kurkalang and Ibadarishishsa Mukhim.
Shortly after, an Advance Christmas celebration was held with the participation of students of these two schools, teachers and invited residents.
When we have wisdom, we can build and as God's Word says a wise woman builds her house.
Silse Marak has been able to represent the state for Miss Teen India.
In the same book of Genesis chapter 6, it is said that that good and precious creation became corrupt and that relationship broke down.
Nongkñia nongkhan fight against, Against the disease that kills people, What are the ways to protect, To escape from the evil disease?
So we are great in our own faculties, especially if we use them wisely, as our Master would have us do.
“Therefore, the KHADC has seen these issues and the Council has introduced the Solid Waste Management Act 2020 which has now been approved by the Governor,” he said. added.
Conrad alleged that the Congress party has removed the ticket of the incumbent MLA, Hmingdailova Khiangte and this is to turn away the voters of Tuirial Constituency.
After his speech, Dr. Mukul sang a song in Garo and Hindi in the same tone.
This is the exploitation of these stones by unknown persons and it is not the village authorities who have placed these stones because at this time no one or anyone else has been there. Therefore, I strongly condemn this behavior of the robbers by throwing stones on the highways until it is impossible to walk. This behavior will also cause injuries to the passengers especially at night.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: After six months in District Jail, a youth who was arrested for stealing money has been released on the 2nd of this month. 7 o'clock at night.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today left nine Twitter accounts and gave them to nine women on this special day. Women's Day or International Working Women's Day.
The Nature of the DeadAs mentioned earlier, is there forgiveness for sinners? Recently, a Malaysian plane, carrying passengers, including parents and children, was shot down in the Ukraine-Russia border, killing all the passengers. .
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today convened a meeting to seek an explanation within 24 hours from Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Teibor Pathaw on their visit to the United Democratic Party (UDP). CEM of KHADC is Latiplang Kharkongor.
With this victory, Lajong will prepare for the North-East Derby against Aizawl FC on Sunday (November 10) at 2 pm at the SSA Stadium, Shillong.
“If they had approved the names of all the villages and the boundaries by the Governor in the Official Gazette according to Clause 11 of the Sixth Schedule, how happy it would have been for Ri Khasi and Jaintia.
The seed of the thawlang, the root of the tree;
However, in the 79th minute, Neroca striker Fabrien turned the tide.
The party has repeatedly expressed its opposition to the implementation of the ILP and has repeatedly expressed its desire to build a railway line here and there.
Apart from long distance travel, age and poverty, there are other factors that can cause this problem.
The launch ceremony was held at Umsning in the presence of Bah BP Thangkhiew, owner of BP Thangkhiew Bamboo Industries and President of RBYF. Rajdip Innovation Pvt.
The population growth is one of the fastest growing in the city as we can see from the daily life of the city that with the passing of the days the city has become more and more crowded.
Watershed restoration, steps to expand forest cover, and encouragement of organic farming activities are some of the approaches used.
The group has worked hard in recent months to complete the full budget before the elections.
The Dy.CM will have to defend himself, why he speaks slowly inside the House.
We must not confuse these.
“In this Bill, rules will also be made to involve the Village Authorities in this Act, to prevent those who come or commit any crime,” he said.
The floods have reached the houses of the people.
Sitting MLA Gavin Mylliem of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), Titos Chyne of the UDP who is also MDC and CEM of KHADC. Mawkyrwat, July 21: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections in Meghalaya. The South Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued this public notice to inform the public if they have any complaints or complaints regarding violations of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) or if they have any complaints. For questions related to election activities, please call Control Room No -9
For me I’m against this.
Therefore, for the AITC to say that it is a memorable day and victory is not at all they are trying to mislead the people, what should be remembered is the resolution brought in the Assembly”.
Short speeches were delivered by the Waheh Chnong of Mookhep, Ma Denis Siangshai, who praised and thanked Kong Chiarmon Dkhar for her kindness. to help the poor and needy in the community including those in Mookhep.
Shillong: In the midst of the rapid increase in the number of cases of Coronavirus or Covid 19 in the world, in the country and also in Meghalaya as a whole, especially in Shillong, it will be surprising to see the construction of a fence outside the city. you bag soldier.
No matter who we are, where we live or what we do, the problem of water shortage affects everyone and Water Management has become the main cause of the problem. Water management has become a major issue of social, economic and political debate.
The satellite will be launched on 14th November 2023 from Sriharikota.
It is to be recalled that on 22nd June 2020, a tourist driver named Bah Maitshaphrang Marwein, was shot dead by brokers who were driving passengers from Assam. The airport will arrive at 2:30 pm.
The farmer therefore needs to make every effort to increase the nitrogen in his soil if he expects to have good crops.
Shillong, November 09 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has sent a message of congratulations to all the youth of Bri Hynniewtrep who will take part in the North East Olympic Games from 10th to 16th November. Withdrawal November 2022.
The deceased were identified as Pretty Pohplet and Romphin Shadap.
The NCP said that Mukul Sangma's violent rule is well known and therefore there is no need for Mukul Sangma to give syrnot on behalf of Saleng.
Therefore, you should understand what kind of person is that spokesperson of the National Party of AITC who speaks and accuses without facts”.
“We are still waiting for the government to provide funds to implement this project,” she said, adding that the proposal was sent two years ago.
The wilderness is the place where Jesus struggled to find truth and righteousness, then to experience a free and full life, to find light and understanding.
If they don't know how to do that, they can't increase their wealth.
Nongpoh: In a friendly football match between the police and officials from the DC Ri Bhoi Office, which was held today at the NSCA Mini Stadium, Pahamsyiem, the team of journalists, were defeated by 3 goals against the NSCA Mini Stadium, Pahamsyiem. police and officials from the office of the DC Nongpoh.
After the EC, there was another meeting of the ARPA and at that meeting it was seen that there were seven members of the ARPA who did not attend the meeting. Speaking to reporters, Adelbert Nongrum spoke to reporters after the meeting. He said that all the members of ARPA who missed the meeting informed him and gave their reasons. Some missed the meeting because of death, some were sick but all of them were from Pyniaid S Syiem said he had not received any information.
Finally, thanks were expressed to the Episcopal Ordination Committee and various Sub-Committees and especially to the parishioners of Ummulong Parish.
There is no doubt that teachers are the shapers of the future of school children and the improvement of education in Meghalaya is due to the dedication of teachers.
Mumbai Police on Tuesday received a threatening message, in which a caller threatened to commit an act of violence as happened in Mumbai.
Therefore, do not be surprised that the fourth Temple will be built on Mount Zion in Jerusalem.
The Chief Minister also met with the office bearers of the NPP Mylliem Block at the party's new office at Nongkseh, Laimer.
There were reports earlier that the right to vote of Muslims was being violated.
Qadhi, 37, was released from Israeli prison in
“On the other hand, the party respects all religions but does not want to see other religions invade other religions which can lead to ethnic differences,” he said.
Moolamanoh beat Rymbai 3-0
This Electoral Roll is as of 1st July 2023 and the Registration of the Electoral Roll of 1960. These photographs can be obtained from the office of the Electoral Roll Officer Khliehriat, East. Jaintia Hills District is currently not working.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 76,311 with 2,275 confirmed cases and 1,322 deaths.
Speaking on the need for proper guidance for the youth, the Governor said that the youth are the largest population in the country.
“Don't just complain that the work is lacking or slow, or you will say that it is only on the part of the government.
The new cases include EGH: 5, EJH: 3, EKH: 79, NGH: 2, RBD: 55, SGH: 10, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 28, WGH: 16, WJH: and WKH: 20.
On the other hand, this prompted the VPP leaders to leave the meeting immediately.
1 John 1:1-2.
Khelo India CEO Avinash Joshi said that Khelo India has invited the Prime Minister of India for the launch of Khelo India. tip that the Prime Minister of India will not come again.
The Minister said that if the state government has to implement the new Act, there is no other way except to extend the term of office of the MDCs. 6th Schedule shall be extended for one year.
Under this policy, the government intends to provide financial assistance of up to 3 lakh tyngka to those beneficiaries to start their own businesses at their own discretion, in order to sustain and increase income in their families.
Through her voluntary assistance, she examined those who came with their complaints.
The final will be played on Thursday at 1 pm.
The political revolution should start from the upcoming MLA elections
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 8,7
“It was found that 13 government offices were closed even at 11.30 pm, and among them, only the Chowkidar or only 2 and 3 employees.
She said that out of the 330 new cases, only 3% of them have already received both doses of the vaccine.
It is to be recalled that the garbage dumping in Jowai has caused a protest by the village leaders within the Union Waheh Shnong and they have filed a complaint with the High Court, which has ordered the district and municipal authorities to ensure that the garbage dump is removed. garbage from Jowai in accordance with environmental regulations.
This ban will not affect the people traveling by vehicle through the PWD road through the village and the farmers nearby.
Therefore the three thma, the days turned into months, and the months into years.
However, the appointment was found to have been stolen by the CBI in 2011 and after that, the High Court, Shillong Bench at that time, ordered the Principal Secretary, Education Department to appoint the appointment. The High Level Scrutiny Committee (HLSC) has dismissed 246 teachers who were appointed in 2014 according to the CBI report. “It's not like we're going to be able to teach in government schools until today,” said these youths.
The ministry that Jesus Christ gave is to all and for all mankind.
In another incident, an attempt by robbers to set fire to a government vehicle in Shyiap area failed after police were quick to arrest it.
The GMCH doctor said that on Friday, the wind blew suddenly at 1 am on Friday and three people died as a result.
There is no sign of social media on this day.
Tchouameni, who followed, struck again when Argentina had no hope of victory.
He said that those whose names appeared at the BDO's office did not leave, but when they did not come, they had to be given to others who worked.
Sengmai is one of the small villages inhabited by the Tai-Khamti people and this village falls under Bordumsa Sub Division of Changlang district.
They were born on November 2 in Jodhpur.
The MLA is the leader of the constituency, Chepauk-Triplicane.
“Sohra is the wettest area in the world but the water has flowed into Bangladesh,” said Bah Gavin.
ENCOURAGE PARTICIPATION IN EXERCISE: Exercise is necessary and important for children as well as adults.
The BJP on November 21, recalled TMC MP Kalyan Banerjee for insulting Vice-President Jagdeep Dhankar in the Legislative Assembly.
The ANTF was launched in 2019 and since then 63 cases have been received, 114 people have been arrested, 3.5 kilos of heroin have been seized, 2252 kilos of Kynja have been seized. kilograms of marijuana – 43.12 kilograms and 47,000 bottles of Phensedyl.
Khyriem said that a committee has been sent from the block to survey the population, the size of the village and they have asked for all the detailed information. The Gram Sabha scheme has caused concern among the village leaders that they have not explained properly the election of the Gram Sabha elections because it is not mentioned who the electors are but it is said that there are too many. 18 year olds will be voters.
Lt. T.Bn.
Mawkyrwat, July 17: The IV Mawten Invitational T20 Cricket Tournament 2023-24 has started at Mawpyllun Mawten Ground, South West Khasi Hills District. They beat Kingfisher United Cricket Club by 13 runs.
“The ILP is an issue that needs to be discussed with all stakeholders.
The Governor said that Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Assam, together with Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, have met and discussed many times in the past six months and therefore, there is hope. The Governor said that the government has decided to reach an agreement on the areas of Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillangkata and Ratacherra. , has 12 districts with a total length of 884.9 kilometers.
In conclusion, I would like to say: O you Christians who are righteous, righteous and holy, you who claim to be righteous, if you belong to any church or religion you say , you may laugh at me, you may insult me ​​when I preach like this.
She added that besides destroying her crops by alleging that she is not a resident of the village, she has to leave the village. She also removed the water supply to her house under the Jal Jivan Mission scheme.
On Tuesday, July 27, 2023, which is also the 71st Anniversary of the District Council Day, CEM Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem in the presence of Chairman of the Council Bah Lamphrang Blah and Charles Marngar, Dy Chairman, has paid a special meeting to the former Chief Minister, DD Lapang.
Deborah Marak said that the driver of her vehicle was on her way from William Nagar to Shillong when she was passing by the vehicle of the Dy SP at Umsning. Donbok was seriously injured and is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital in Shillong.
Treiborlang said that the district authorities have agreed to send police to these areas from tomorrow and the Lapangap village has accepted the demand of the JSU. It has also warned against some Karbi ethnic cleansers who have caused clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Jaintia in the Assam-Meghalaya border areas.
The meeting also approved the Meghalaya Community Participation and Public Services Rules
The HNLC said that the agreement, according to the Instrument of Accession (IOA), on the mining industry is the responsibility of the state government and now it is clear that the Indian government, The HNLC has strongly opposed the action of the Government of India and the Instrument of Accession, as it was forcibly signed by the HNLC. to the Khasi King.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the PWD North Division and the district administration should build a road connecting Lapangap Barato.
In a statement, the CSWO said why the government has issued an announcement for this meeting while it does not do so for other meetings.
The Nartiang Modop Coordination Committee comprising four political parties, JSM, JSU, HNYF, MPUF, KSU and FKJGP, has found that two schools in Nartiang and Nartiang Modop have been destroyed.
Arunachal Pradesh has received many awards for the development of tourism in the state and the most important awards are the Today's Traveler Award 2016 and the Best Emerging Green Tourist Destination Award
Later, her husband had installed CCTV cameras in four rooms, including their bedroom, since November 2018 and in November, Ratna left. stay with your mother.
Adelbert said this while speaking at the VPP member registration meeting at Kynshi Mawsarong in Eastern West Khasi Hills on Tuesday.
North Korea on Tuesday accused US spy planes of violating its airspace rules and strongly condemned the United States for sending nuclear missile submarines. ' to the border of it in the past few days.
Teiñwell said that the salaries of government employees and District Council employees have been increased steadily, while the salaries of farmers have been increased steadily. price.
After this, the Minister urged the newly elected teachers to start their work with a good idea that as teachers not only to teach in dangle but at the same time also to the child's life should be shaped under their supervision and supervision.
Hangta spirit can shimpor da month.
Especially to empower her sisters.
On the allegation that the Congress is corrupt, John said that if the Congress is corrupt, will it introduce RTI to empower the people to seek information.
It is time for the village leaders to take the decision of Thangskai and to demand from the State Government to determine the role of the land owners, the village owners, when they have such companies and this will range from ownership, employment, land ownership and others.
“The meeting was conducted by Lista Thongni, President of St. Cecilia Catholic Church. The memorandum was read out by Bah Shiningstar Lyngdoh, President of St. Cecilia Catholic Church. Speech by Bah Areston Syiemlieh, Church Leader and Bah Lamphrang Syiemlieh.
Sometimes, we feel that our one vote is not enough to create the world.
Differences in treatment Treatment of such diseases lasts for months and is therefore difficult for hospitals because of the number of people with and without COVID-19 who have been infected. mucormycosis should not be treated in a special ward.
When God speaks, it has the power to shake man, animals and nature as happened at Horeb in Sinai. When God spoke, there was thunder, lightning, thunder, fire. and the smoke.
He suspected that this may be the work of the political parties to slander him in front of the people.
However, Dr. James Joy Mohon Nichols Roy, also known as Bah Joy, has diagnosed that the Hynniewtrep people are suffering from a low paid disease and if not treated immediately, the people will be overwhelmed by the disease. Indian officials and could lead to extinction.
He said that the two cases of swine flu in these days are not from the state but from abroad.
The fourth phase of the Lok Sabha MP elections will be held on Tuesday in 49 constituencies in seven states and two Union Territories.
The foundation stone of the AIIMS Bibinagar and four National Highway Projects were inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
Lamwan Paswet President of JFEPA said the fund for the construction of the checkdam came from the MP Scheme of Vincent Pala and the party will now start implementing the project.
According to Bah I.Swer, the light has been on for a few minutes and has gone out again. At the time of writing, the light has not gone out at all, for no apparent reason.
“Sniawbhalang Dhar and I have left the Congress after the conflict from Delhi to the state”.
Jewel Star won the title while Madanrting Carrom came second among the teams.
These are the signs in the human being of those last days before the coming of the Lord, and they are now.
“If I become the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, I will be able to bring more development to your constituency,” said Bah HDR. to bring development works to Nongpthaw village and the surrounding area.
But can any policy address unemployment and underemployment? Even if our quota were increased by 10% everyone would not get jobs.
The farmers have been complaining because the price of cleaning and harvesting is very low while the price of kwai has dropped too much to the point of losing their kwai crop this year.
We aim to provide health facilities in these areas and also to provide services to those who are most at risk.
Ampareen, who has been elected as an MLA since 2008, congratulated the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Cabinet for approving the introduction of the Bill. women to become legislators.
Savita, who recently won the FIH Goalkeeper of the Year Award, will once again lead the team as captain.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Leader of the Congress MLAs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday slammed the Leader of the TMC, Dr. Mukul Sangma for his remarks against the Congress. and the selection of candidates for the MP elections from Shillong and Tura despite being in the India Bloc.
The shortage of teachers has put a lot of pressure on the students and has also led to the loss of students in their studies.
When asked whether the ARSS has been forced to withdraw from the project after the allegation, it became clear that the company has awarded more contracts to other civil society organizations, but the employee government said it had no information on this.
There is no need to count sting again from now on to lead to destruction and the loss of precious souls no matter who they are.
Secondary Schools which pose a threat to the students, therefore he urged to send for repairs to avoid any tragic incident.
There are 42 villages and 120 foreigners who will distribute letters in West Khasi Hills according to the resolution released in the third month of November
According to the President of BJYM, the STPS buses and SSPTS mini buses although they operate as commercial vehicles but do not pay any tax to the government which is against the Motor Vehicle Act.
“If we don't get the land for the petrol pump, it will be difficult to align the road and the construction of the flyover as well. Therefore, the Government has decided to identify about 12,000 or 13,000 sq.feet of land. for the relocation of the petrol pump to Upper Shillong.
Shillong: The Doloi of Maskut Elaka, Phrangki Rynjah, on Tuesday said that the attack on the Waheh Shnong of Maskut, Kyrsiew Kharbithai and the Secretary of the Shnong, Generous Tariang, was because they prevented people from cutting down trees from the forest inside the village. how is the judgment of the judge?
The meeting was also attended by NPYF Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope, NPP East Khasi Hills Secretary Aibor Tynsong and office bearers of the NPP Pynursla-Shillong Unit.
Besides, the government is also implementing the Khelo India Scheme, which is funded by the central government.
In Novak's fight, the report said that he had led the fight from the start against Russian Ivan Gakhov; Before that, the Serbian player had won 7-6 (7/5), 6-2 in 47 minutes.
But we the people who have been plundered are left in darkness and in wonder.
Today, it is necessary to ensure that the youth of the state do not lose their way in life, because many of the youth are involved in many evils which can also affect the bloodline of the nation. if as young people we don't see this part.
He said that in 2018, the department had written to the MPSC for seven vacancies and the MPSC had issued an announcement but for unavoidable reasons, no it was not possible to bring this section back for recruitment.
This brings happiness and food security and income to the farmers, especially those who are still poor in income.
On the same day, the KSU also had the opportunity to meet with Dr.W.Sutnga and discuss many issues related to the needs of the KSU. 100 bedrooms.
This happened when Russian troops entered Berlin.
Purningstar ShabongFarmers are the people who hold the lifeblood of the people of the world.
Such leaders think only for their own constituencies and lose sleep and lose as soon as the election comes.
Two women were killed and a child was injured in the landslide. The two women were identified as Meenu Thapa, 45, and Kalpana Thapa. , 22 year card.
In a statement, the KSU said that if these mynder do not immediately stop coming and insulting the Khasi people, the KSU will not hesitate to take another strong measure.
Hoikhling was shot dead on March 17, 2022 near her residence in Pholjang village, Churachandpur district.
Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun has strongly opposed the passage of the Bill to abolish Laitkroh by creating Umsning.
Continuing their journey after Wah Eit Nar, the students also visited Syntu Ksiar, which is known as an ancient place and was named after Syntu of the son of Iawchibidi.
Speaking on behalf of the family, his mother said that his brother is a young man who is loved by the whole village and has never had any bad signs in the society.
“We should not listen to rumors, as it has been alleged in the past months and months, that I have been bought the ticket by the NPP. I and the HSPDP party as a whole, because I am not a farmer”.
Tura, July 28 : Members of the MPCC on Thursday night burnt the tyngshops of MPCC President Vincent H Pala and Working President of the MPCC. Deborah C Marak with two Congress candidates at Congress Bhavan in Tura.
The memory of this journey will remain with me forever and I am happy to have been able to observe and write about this road because it was built with the blood, blood and people of our ancestors.
Commercial vehicles should display the words “VACCINATED” or NOT VACCINATED on their vehicles.
At this time, Pah syntiew began to open herself and declare her rights.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The KJCLF also appeals to the people of Manipur to end the violence and restore peace and order.
The Central Government has released the mining lease for four mining owners.
He said the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India on October 11, 2024, has issued a public notice on the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules 2024 for the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules. ) Act,
She said that MNREGA is a scheme for the village and the success of this scheme depends on the full participation of the villagers.
“We will ensure that after we have banned the entry of vehicles, the residents of the square should not leave.
Informing that a thorough investigation will be conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, the Government said that a team of officials from the State Sports Council, Shillong has been in the area. This site together with the contractors who are working.
Speaking on the achievements of the Smart Cities Mission, the Minister said that 7,934 projects worth T.171,044 crore have been sanctioned and 6,069 projects worth T.1,10,7 crores have been completed under the Mission.
The signs that a pig shows before giving birth are – (i) It doesn't sit or sleep, (ii) It doesn't sit down, (iii) It goes outside and cleans (iv) All the branches of the trees have yielded milk, except the two last branches, which thou hast cut down.
What is more special here is that thousands of people of more than 5000 were waiting to welcome these winners.
Gigur said that during the inspection, it was found that the area where these garbage dumps are located, Uraium should have been fenced, but this has not been done.
The Central and State Governments have prepared heavy security in these areas on the 3rd of July, to prevent any untoward incident.
It is learned that the four-storey house is a dewbilat house, but the residence of these shijur is a wooden house, which is on the top floor.
He said that T.30 lakh has been allocated to the Deputy Commissioners of Shillong and Tura and T.17 lakh to the 40 districts.
The BNP and JAMAAT have opposed holding the elections after Shiek Hasina rejected their demand to hold the elections in an impartial manner. The opposition set fire to the property of the people and also clashed with the police on the road.
Swer said it is highly suspected that these cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Superintendent of Police, Bikram D. Marak confirmed that this is a murder case and police have registered the incident.
He said that the resignation of L Kharkongngor, Independent Director MeECL, shows the irregularities in the work of the Board of Directors of MeECL and the pricing of land. MeECL, which is also against the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act
Shillong: The MDA government today held a meeting to review the situation of Covid-19 in the state and decided to appoint the Chief Secretary of the state to look into the situation. and in what areas the rules can be further strengthened and the Government next month will consider before informing the public.
PK Bani, one of the claimants, said that Warsanlyngdoh has been under Mawkyrwat Civil Subdivision for more than 35 years and many development works including road, electricity and others have been completed. Others have been through Mawkyrwat and in many ways the Village Authorities of the area have participated with Mawkyrwat including the registration of names in the electoral roll, ration certificates for rice and ration and others. .
“I am surprised at what the BJP is doing these days, because it does not agree with what Narendra Modi has said and thought and now it shows that these people have become heartless,” he said. Pathak.
“We need this bridge and we request the government to release the bill of the contractor so that the work can proceed for the benefit of the people of the area,” he added.
The Dorbar Shnong urges everyone to cooperate with the village to ensure the smooth running of the election campaign and that the election will be peaceful and clean without spreading plastic bottles in the polling station.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr JS Jyrwa, Director of Agriculture, said that many people think that the disease is caused by pigs which is not true.
Then there was the protest against the Citizen Amendment Bill (CAB) which has now become an Act after being passed by Parliament under the BJP-led NDA government. ILP was introduced in the Special Session on 19th November 2019 and a resolution was introduced in the House and after approval the resolution was submitted to the Central Government to Amit Shah and The Prime Minister of the country, Narendra Modi, has been in the hands of the NDA government for nearly four years. After the incident, many foreigners were arrested in Iewduh.
Speaking to this reporter, synsar farmers from many villages said that since the beginning of the month, synsar buyers have come to their villages to collect synsar at a reasonable price.
Bah Dispi said that he has been working in this field for at least 30 years and this field of work is to make knives, knives, knives, tala and others. He said that he can employ up to four others in this company.
Thus, there was a good need to revive Thymmai from the clothes, the dance instruments and other items.
This means that this disease is a disease of old age.
Prashid Pradhan scored 34 runs off 31 balls and Govind Sharma scored 17 runs off 12 balls.
He said that there are cases where unity is lost when one party takes up an issue, only the next day, it disappears when another party takes up an issue. has caused confusion among the people, and unity is essential.
According to paragraph 2.2 of the Flag Code of India, if the flag of the country is damaged, it shall be removed completely by doing so in private places and not in public places. or do any part but do it with respect.
The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is necessary for the NEIAH to conduct research on traditional herbal medicines and traditional healthcare system within the state.
We all understand the value of money.
Deputy Manager Rural Finance, Rimika Lalang, explained to the members of the IVCS who attended the workshop that the IVCS, He said that the purpose of these IVCS and Co-operative Societies is to promote women as most of the women in The rural areas cannot come to the urban areas to deposit money in banks, but with the existence of these societies, the IVCS has helped them a lot to save money, not only that, these co-operatives The Society also helps the residents who are members of the IVCS by providing loans to them in times of urgent need, as they often have difficulty in getting loans from banks. needed, but these Societies make it easier for them to obtain loans.
Shillong: The children of the Raid Mylliem, have expressed their desire for clarification from the Syiem who is the head of the Hima on the suspension of the rituals at Mawnarian and Lum Shyllong.
It is up to him to take a decision,” said Prestone Tynsong.
He said that if all the trees die of the disease, it could cause a great shortage to the residents.
Some said that they were in some parts of the city and in more remote areas where prayers were held in the evening.
“Since 2015 and until now, it has not been sitting idle and monitoring this so that foreigners cannot illegally settle in War Jaintia and Hynniewtrep by trying to register themselves. haka electoral roll.
This means that the Niamtre believers who live in the lower part of the river come up to the upper part of the village to greet each other with religious rituals.
On the VPP, he said, “In 2021, I decided to run again, after seeing my supporters who despite many challenges.
It is a pleasure to be able to work with Bah Shylla in many areas.
Shillong: Police have arrested a man suspected of involvement in the IED blast in Laitumkhrah, Shillong. Police of East Khasi Hills District.
In our rural areas, it is too late, up to five hours in the morning.
Les said she only comes to sit once a year.
Referring to employment, Savio said that in America there is no need to worry about the money to start a business but only the funds needed to implement various projects and the government provides the opportunity. to the young men to start their own businesses.
Rangdajied has many players from the area and it is expected that they will get the support of the fans.
if you don't have the right spirit.
Therefore, in these years we feel it is necessary to pay tribute to the ancestors who have been able to include in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country to protect our uniqueness.
However, suddenly they have issued a notice to them that they have to submit a written notice within 15 days.
The State Government, through Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today confirmed that these five persons are still being tested again. Your body will be known today.
Jowai, November 14: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) invites all former members of the Union and the public to join hands in the closing ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of Juliee Ksiar. On the 17th of December, 2022 at 10 am at the Church Square, Jowai.
However, the post of President of the UDP has not gone back to Dr Don although some have expressed their desire to take over the post including Bah Bindo M Lanong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. bad wat Mr. Titosster Well Chyne.
The world has its end.
Niki Phawa (18', 44') scored the only goal for Wahiajer.
The Scooty, was damaged and included a vehicle, which was parked near the well, while another Maruti, was damaged only iit, in the incident. this is the well.
“Until now we have not been able to reveal the names of the candidates who have applied for tickets and until now there are about 8 candidates who have applied for tickets, but there are others who have spoken over the phone. “The General Secretary of KHNAM will hold a meeting to discuss the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong,” said the General Secretary of KHNAM. Parliamentary Constituency will not be nominated or not.
“The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the special allocation of schemes for farmers at a cost of T.3,68,6 crore.
She also said that she is a soldier and has held key positions in the BJP Minority Morcha and also as a National Executive Member.
] In the morning, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shanbor, left his house early in the morning to go to Shillong to meet Riewsaid.
It is not reasonable to blame the Government unfoundedly just because it does not benefit the private sector in politics and also because they do not like these policies even though they will bring good to the country. the Corporation in the days and years to come.
The opening ceremony was attended by Ma W Lyngdoh, Jt.
LK Singh, District Co-Ordinator IE, SSA West Jaintia Hills, while speaking as an expert, said that there are three special schools for children with disabilities. for the Visually Impaired and the School for the Hearing Impaired.
The incident happened at 4 pm this morning, when the collapse of the bridge resulted in the injury of four workers of the bridge, including Lastar Malai, Rani Muktieh, Lamphrang Sujai, Tong Dkhar and one of the officers in charge of the work.
Not only that, according to the statement of these children, it is understood that the robbery of their father's household has been happening from time to time until it has angered the eldest son to reach the child. After the incident, their brother Alexander did not flee the scene, but remained until the police arrived to arrest him.
Senior Congress leader UP Chidambaram wrote in a tweet, “It has been seen that many people have started to stand in line to wait for food and water. This shows that they don't have any money in their bodies and only the government, which has no heart, can look after these incidents”.
The Chief Guest, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar praised the Principal of the school who has become a teacher from an Engineer to provide the best education in Jaintia Hills and congratulated the school and teachers to Work harder and harder in the dissemination of knowledge to become great thinkers in the society.
They check which accommodation or hotels are affordable and stay with them, lest they be too expensive to pay.
Jesus then explained that true worship is in spirit and in truth.
“Doesn't this put pressure on the people? “If those who come from Smit are appointed to the IGP, will the people not suffer?” said Bah Wandonbok.
Guwahati: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today confirmed that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 (CAB) does not apply only to Assam or the North East.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has donated relief to a family who suffered a tragic incident from a fire in Ummulong village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The construction of the 22-acre market will be completed by April
“If the MRDS is working well, why should the government abolish it,” she said.
Regarding these words, the BJP MDCs have asked him, and which MDCs will protest if they do not receive their salaries when the JHADC is run by MDCs elected by the people of Jaintia Hills. .
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Kharang has arranged market places for those who are in need.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: The FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit today in a statement strongly condemned the burning of a dumper of a road construction company in Mawthungkper by robbers. you can't tip who you are.
Wailad Shylla scored the first goal for Mihmyntdu in the 47th minute.
At present, the police operation to fight against the militants detained in the area is ongoing, he said.
There is only a shortage of salaries and a shortage of funds to get rich, but there is no shortage of wages or a shortage of physical labour.
“At first I refused to contest the election but the party (NPP) has confidence in me and that is why I am ready to stand for the party because I am a member of the party,” he said.
The idea of ​​divide and rule is rampant these days that instead of thinking to unite the nation, they are dividing it through the demands of Civil Sub Division, District and so on without thinking. that these are the root causes of the spirit of separation and division among us.
Jefferson Kharmawphlang (18min), Medonborlang Mawrie (20min), Kitboklang Mawrie (24min) and Wanlamkupar Kharsahnoh scored two goals (37&53min) for Madanryting.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: Since the Cluster Resource Persons of the Ministry of Education, have stopped collecting children aged 14 years and above, who have dropped out of school part-time, The children who dropped out of school part-time have started to increase again.
The New Year has been accepted but in the rapid passage of time it has already arrived in Naiwieng.
After that, he went to watch the performance of other groups and after about 50 minutes, he entered the Hima house, where they drank for a while and then he went. see also the struggle of the Khasi.
The meeting will be held on the 17th of this month at 10 am at Pyndenumiong Presbyterian UP School, Mairang.
Therefore, the AJYWO demands that the JHADC should think carefully and also that it should act strictly in accordance with its rules and regulations. 2011 and the Rules-2015, before issuing a Trading Licence.
He said the reason for the delay in submitting the report in the House is because the government has to seek the opinion of other government departments in connection with the matter and after collecting the All the information on this, a report will be brought before the House as soon as possible.
The NPP has elected Samlin Malngiang MLA while the UDP has elected Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, the brother of the late UDP candidate L. HDR Priest.
The opposition leader said that besides the ILP, the Meghalaya government should urge the Governor to stamp the MRSSA so that it can be implemented.
Singhvi said the UP government has started to identify those who have doubts and this is unprecedented in the last 70 years and it has been done without any doubts. appropriate rules.
Shillong, March 18: The BJP Youth Wing (MJYM) has submitted a petition to the Minister of State for Tribal Affairs during his recent visit to the state.
We cannot live in the midst of the garbage that is all around us.
“About 40 years ago you used to work with me when I was an MLA, let us now work together again so that the people can benefit,” he said.
From the beginning, there have been discussions between the Hima Mawphlang and the KHADC to share the revenue from the tourists to the Khasi Heritage Village between the Hima and the KHADC. The Hima Mawphlang and the KHADC have decided to agree on how much money the Hima Mawphlang will receive and how much money the KHADC will receive. They have destroyed the site which has cost billions of rupees to develop.
By being in the Congress, I will be able to serve better the people especially the East Jaintia Hills which is still lacking in all aspects of development.
Please send the letter to the officer on 24/04/2019 vide EDN.103/2015/pt.
And in this book the author brings many things especially related to the lives of us human beings who face problems, despair, anxiety, and so on.
Earlier, these distributors, expressed their difficulties in transporting the school meal or Mid-Day Meal, where they have to pay for themselves, from the fare, daju fare, and so on. Ask the dealers how to do it.
I believe that we have seen the signs that he is our candidate from Mylliem.
and the smell of the soap was called the smell of the soap, because the smell of the soap was like the smell of the soap that comes out of the bottle of wine.
Furthermore, the union demands that the State Government should ensure that the schools receiving assistance from the Government should provide for the disabled to attend any school which receives assistance from the Government. Government.
Shillong Lajong players didn't lose heart but fought hard to score the two goals and with this spirit of fighting, Gladdy Kharbuli scored the first goal in the first half. in the 53rd minute.
In Shillong, Dongmusa groups Umphyrnai and Uplifter Clubs organized a Clean India 2.0 program at Umphyrnai and Demthring Holy Children's Homes.
“The ILP should protect the rights of the minorities as envisioned by the British authorities who included Ri Khasi in the BEFR 1873, therefore the ILP is very important and we cannot ignore it. our property rights and property.
They should not treat their children only in class VIII, class X and send them to contest elections by trying to win by force by the power of the Klur, because the country and the nation will lose without knowledge. which is enough.
Thus, bankhia is a 'tienkaplang' that means that something has been forcibly thrown into it and can no longer be supported.
Assam will receive the Assamese village of 1 Khanapara and the Dreamland Resort with an area of ​​0.03 SQ KM and the Brahmaputra Realtor. Meghalaya will get 0.55 SQ KM of land while Assam will get 1.74 SQ KM of land. They are from Meghalaya and those whose religious beliefs and worship are in harmony with those who live in Meghalaya.
When contacted by the Medical Officer of Patharkhmah CHC, Dr L Gashnga, he said that it is true that there has been a case of pneumonia from Nongladew.
Wahkaji Sports and Cultural Club beat Myriem SC 5-4 on penalties in the 2nd Invitation Tournament held by Ïatyllilang Sports and Culture Club at Umdohlun South West Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh, July 06: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Ri Bhoi District, has organized a program to provide opportunities for the students of Ri Bhoi District. The Yuva Utsav was held at St. Paul's Higher Secondary School in Nongpoh on Saturday.
Bernard came to register at the DC office in Tura at 2:15 pm and was accompanied by his sister Neetu Marak and brother Tinku Marak.
Thus, in this way, the rich have become richer and the poor have become poorer and this is now clear that it is no longer democracy.
Speaking to media, Lanong said, “I don't have anything to say about the preparation of the UDP for the 2023 elections, because I am no longer in front of the UDP party and many things have happened. they don't let me know anymore".
Shillong: The KSU Mawlai Circle will hold another Basketball Tournament every year. This time it will not only be the Mawlai Open, but also invites all the members of the Jaid bynriew Hynniewtrep to participate. You can participate in the tournament which will be held at the Basketball Ground of Mawlai Nonglum.
The Government should immediately pay compensation to the shopkeepers and also provide medical treatment to those injured in the shops.
This increase in part-time dropouts is due to the lack of schools or the fact that teachers have to strike from time to time on the streets to get their rights.
King David and Saul of Tarsus were murderers but when they repented they were forgiven.
TV channel distributors will be allowed to distribute content for their Subscriber Management System (SMS) and Conditional Access System (CAS) applications.
Germany, France and Canada.
The CRC is located on the first floor of Montfort Building, Shillong.
Shillong, March 6 : The Syntung Dorbar Shnong, Mawkynrew would like to inform the public that it has reopened the Rashi Valley which is a tourist destination under the jurisdiction of the Syntung Dorbar Shnong.
“The Khasi-Jaintia State will be the way to resolve all the issues between these two groups.
“We understand the views of the Government of India, even before MUDA came, we had proposed development projects, cleaning projects, road construction projects but now we fall under MUDA,” he said. state.
We congratulate the people, who were not afraid of these Assam police, in which they continued to protest against the removal of electrical wires by the Assam police, claiming that this is the place of Assam,” said the statement.
The USA (52%), Brazil (30%) and India (3%) account for 85% of ethanol production and about 81% of ethanol consumption.
He urged the Catholic Church to participate in the activities and objectives of the AICU. He also invited them to the Annual General Meeting of the AICU to be held on 23rd and 24th July 2015 in Delhi. .
However, now that our country and nation has joined the Indian Dominion and according to the Indian Constitution, we have two more Dorbars and that is the State Legislative Assembly. Assembly and Autonomous District Council empowered by the Sixth Schedule of the Indian Constitution.
The wise and knowledgeable shows his hard work to improve so that it will impress his listeners.
After this, the 1170 winners of various sports events received cash prizes of T.88.63 lakh.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Meghalaya government has faced difficulties in providing adequate health services especially in the rural areas due to the shortage of doctors.
The mid-term elections in Nongstoin have been held after the death of their MLA, Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh of the HSPDP. also many candidates apply for tickets.
– Why do you think there are people on earth?
Conrad said the proposal has already been conveyed to the Union Ministers in New Delhi during a meeting with them, the Minister of Health and the Minister of Agriculture. .
Shillong, Jymmang 11: U Bah Rasor Rani, MDC of Mairang from the Congress party, on Tuesday said that although he has not received a ticket from the party, he supports the candidate nominated by the party.
There are 1,888 confirmed cases and 1,337 deaths.
He has lodged a complaint with the police who are conducting a search operation.
Every time, when talking to reporters, he never forgets to mention his residence in Nongrim Hills, but this time, he forgot to talk and meet with the village authorities on This Act, which he intends to implement in the State.
On the violation of Donny's rules as a member of the MSOA, John could not comment on the matter and said it would be up to the Executive Council and the AGM to take a decision.
The EC will seek the approval of the KHADC in the special session on the 25th and 26th of this month.
Speaking on his recent visit to Bangladesh, the Minister said the government will now try to introduce cable cars so that the people can see more of the beauty of nature from the places. tourists who are everywhere.
Dr V Sripathi, a doctor who is an expert in the field of Robot Assisted Laparoscopic Surgery for children, is a scientific surgery to better understand the body of the patient. doctors who are clean will also have a better opportunity to treat the body of the patient.
The 4th Annual Freshers Meet Cum Get Together 2015 was also held on the same day.
“The faulty working and the lack of proper installation of the pin insulator in the post light has caused the post light to connect to the electricity supply and this has caused this tragic incident,” he said. the leader of the Seng.
Due to the large number of Acting Chiefs in the Hima Mylliem, there is a need for a Traditional Institutions Tribunal Court consisting of 10 Chiefs elected from among the 54 Chiefs who are members of the ballot. report within 30 days to the Executive Committee.
When asked about the NGT's order to take away all the unsold coal, Dr Mukul said the government is still collecting and the information has not been received.
The make up artist is Ibajanai Warjri and the song is composed and produced by Mike Denzil Khasi.
He said that the High Level Committee has not met and regarding the report on the metor area, the HLC is preparing and will hold a meeting soon.
He said that according to his information, after his retirement, the government has appointed a teacher at the school.
Other issues raised by the Sohra Challenge to the government include the implementation of the CHC, Sohra, to change the electricity bill of MeECL for households who have new electricity bills. The department has delayed the construction of the fire extinguisher 4,5,6 months after the fire.
The BSF has lodged a complaint with the Border Guard Bangladesh and ordered them to punish the robbers.
Referring to whether the collapse of the building was caused by the materials used or by the contractor, he said that the punishment will be imposed after the investigation.
At the meeting, Deborah Marak said she is ready to work hard to bring back Dr Mukul Sangma and others to the Congress party. This will happen only if the top leaders of the Congress party take a decision.
Bah Lyngdoh urged the citizens of India not to look down on the dress code of the people of the North East, so that there will be unity and love among them. cultural differences.
Every day from the public to the office workers in the Additional Secretariat and also in the Main Secretariat have to wait for a long time to get jobs across the border just because the drivers do not recognize the zebra crossing.
“If you listen to the officials, you will see that it looks like a premeditation by the police.
She said that this is not the first time but Suresh Singh has assaulted his wife in the past years and there have been complaints lodged against him but the police have not. he did nothing against him.
Shillong: The Nongstoin Butcher Social Welfare (NBS&W) has urged the public not to be afraid to eat meat from meat shops, even if they have heard and known that there are places where cows are sick.
The SNSBH is well aware of how the land owners of other ethnic groups in the neighboring states of North East have become low paid on their own land due to the illegal entry of mynder which we can take an example from in the state of Tripura.
The President of CSWO also alleged that the government has sold the farmland of these families and allowed them to farm only in their gardens.
“As soon as I arrived at Nongspung village and when I saw the place where the tragic incident happened I was touched and I had to go down and lay flowers at the place as a sign of love and remembrance. Regarding the others who are not present at the hospital in Nongstoin, the CEM said that he will try. to meet separately with all the three villages which have suffered this tragic incident.
The house belonging to Shaniahshkem Sariang and Loni Pala was destroyed by the fire.
Shillong: HSPDP Vice President Witting Mawsor has spoken face to face with UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy after reports spread that the MDA government will remove two government ministers including from the party. HSPDP.“I first spoke to Dr. Don when he came to Nongstoiñ, I asked him whether it is true or not that the MDA government wants to remove Samlin Malngiang from the post of Minister. HSPDP, Dr. Don has told me that there has been nothing like that to overthrow the HSPDP,” said Witting Mawsor.
Both these houses were destroyed and the damage amounted to lakhs of rupees.
Police said that the incident happened at 12 noon yesterday and after conducting an investigation, no suspicion was found. The family members also requested the police and district authorities to release them for post mortem.
The path that leads to responsible trade for the welfare and common interests of all citizens and the path that leads to freedom.
The union demanded that the Government should investigate the people/groups involved in the threat and ensure that they should be brought to justice.
“When I was in school in 1979, when there was a strong protest, I also shot many Dkhars, but through my journey, I understood that to shoot Dkhars it is not a nationalism.
I looked up to Lum Shulong, but I couldn't see anymore, including Malki, Lumparing, Lawsohtun, Mawblei, Laitkor, and so on.
When you go to the doctors even if you have a sore throat, you don't have to check the disease properly. After examination, you are sent for tests, scanning and others. just a trick on how to make money.
Newhill beat Salaroh 12-0 in the Third Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The mining of coal continues morning and evening and this will continue due to the government's lack of attention to the court order and other orders since
Shillong: There have been 14 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 3 cases have recovered.
They will be preached to by the angels from heaven.
Before you send people to live in your home, you should first know the problems that the household has.
The search operation has not yet ended and last night police stopped all the vehicles passing through the Anjalee Petrol Pump.
When asked what they would do if Jha wins the election and becomes MP, they said that even if he wins, he will still be a criminal and has been arrested. on the work of falsehood and thanksgiving.
There are 11 teachers and 290 students.
On the other hand, the Congress and VPP candidates explained the position of their stand for bringing about change in the constituency, in the villages and in the society.
The CCIB leaders said that since the independence of India, Meghalaya has not yet received a full border, but the border is still a temporary boundary. and the Indo-Bangladesh Border Agreement 1975 between the two countries.
However, this too was not done by their own will but by the intimidation of the Karbi.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang Constituency as the Chief Guest, Dr Osaphi Smithson Jyrwa as the Chief Guest, Bah Amos Duia Sordar Mawpdang, Bah Artist Kharumnuid EC Member Mawpdang, Bah Armika Syiem Rangbah Dong. Lumjingkieng, and the people who came to witness this match.
President Evanfield Khonglam and Secretary Eleazer Diengdoh said that the areas where the road has been covered with stones and soil should be painted to facilitate traffic.
MUPSTA received the proposal to introduce the deficit system for all Adhoc UP schools at the Teachers' Conference held at Asanang, Tura on 27th November,
TUR said earlier that there had been violence and killing of foreigners in Ichamati and incidents of violence against workers in Sohra.
In the men's bodybuilding 65 kg category, Ebenesar Khongsit of Genfit Gym won second, Richard Wahlang of Zoo Gym Shillong won second, Synta Shylla of Flex Jowai won third, Gary N Massar of Franky Gym won fourth and Banbhabok L Nongrang is not a member of The Royal Gym.
Manchester City have been qualified to face Pep Guardiola's former club Bayern Munich.
He said he has been in the Congress party for 45 years and in the past he said that the government has been stable.
Thus, as witnessed, it is said that the current Lyiur season has been sufficient in terms of receiving rainfall.
When asked about the amount of money to be delivered to them, they said that in Umñiuh-Tmar, the total amount of money to be delivered is T.4.50 crore, in Tangriang, T.2 crore. in Nongjri about T.7 crore and in Nongshken about T.7 crore.
Lionel Messi, one of Paris Saint-Germain's best players, has tested positive for the coronavirus.
He said the benefits of major schemes such as the PM Awas Yojna have benefited only a few in Meghalaya compared to Assam.
The Sordar of Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang, who was stranded for four hours, told Rupang that he left Dawki at 2 pm to go to his village Umsyiem, but arrived home at 6 pm. pm in the evening.
“It was a great joy for all the members because they have been able to pay all their debts,” said Kharbteng with tears flowing when he remembered the struggles they had to go through during these days. year.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM expressed his satisfaction that although it took a long time, the Executive Committee has been able to complete the post of Acting Syiem and get a full-fledged Syiem. .
There are still many sectors that need to grow rapidly, especially in health, education which is still slow, confusing and lagging behind.
Regarding this issue, the residents especially the students of this area have been shocked and worried especially at this time when they are conducting classes through the internet.
This evening at 8 pm, u Nongthohkhubor, found that about 5 vehicles have overturned in the village, but no one from the village, u to go and help these vehicles.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the installation of entry and exit gates at the border areas cannot prevent the smuggling of foreigners, but It is only the vigilance of the village authorities that can prevent the infiltration of people into the state.
The State Government on July 14, in a notification issued, said that the Government has been allowed to resume the recruitment and to issue advertisements for vacancies from July 14,
The price of petrol has increased by 18 paise per litre, according to the price released by the companies exporting petrol.
For NEHU Shillong, Manik Das scored 40 runs from 45 balls and Teiborlang scored 33 runs from 42 balls.
Wansted Syiemlieh signed this letter with Kong L Shabong, wife of Bah C Rani on 5th March,
He urged the Village Administration Bill of KHADC which is pending in the government to be passed as soon as possible.
The District Talent Committees include officers from the Sports and Youth Affairs, Education Department and others.
“They told me that they will lodge a complaint with the Chief Election Commissioner, Delhi if they don't get a reply from the Election Department,” said Bindo.
Tehsildar Dunda Pratap Singh Chauhan said that on receiving information about the death of the goats due to the lightning, he informed the district administration and the Veterinary Department about the incident.
However, this was immediately denied in an interview with reporters at the residence of Dawan Lyngdoh in Nangdong-A West Jaintia Hills District today.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr P.Blah War, Assistant Director, AH&V (Disease Investigation), said that according to the reports received, the incidence of LSD in cows has decreased compared to the 2- Three days ago, he said that the department is doing its utmost to prevent the spread of the disease.
“…” (Judges 5:27) Amen.
The Chairman of NESO also announced that the party will soon visit Manipur and will also try to meet with the leaders of the Meitei and Kuki people.
However, after the demand from the people, it was decided to set up Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills and Sohiong in East Khasi Hills.
Besides the President of FKJGP, members of the Nonglait Unit have also received announcements of their resignation from the same sources.
Up to 45 tree seedlings have been planted in the upper reaches of the Myntdu River.
According to Bah Ronie, after this, it appeared in the media.
(How difficult it is to win the title of Meghalaya Superstar, whether T.1 lakh benefits Bah Janis-please read again in the coming days).
The JDS has wanted to contest from Mandya, Hassan, Tumakuru, Chickballapur and Bengaluru Rural.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : IIM Shillong on Saturday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Government of Nagaland to promote the training and development of Nagaland youth in Higher Education & Skills. Development.
There are still many things that we have to think about because instead of benefiting from the visit of the Ministers of Delhi, we have suffered a great loss and disgrace.
Sanjay, who is the brother-in-law of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, was charged by Ali Akbar.
“Roads are very important for the development of any place and without roads, development projects will not reach,” he said.
The union leaders also explained that the closure of the machine is because the management of the company has not provided the documents of the employees, although the union has gone to direct the They said that when they come to the state, they must come in the right way, by providing the necessary documents according to the rules and regulations laid down by the government, and not by smuggling like cows. goat.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed micro containment on the village of Nongthymme Ialong following the confirmation of positive cases of COVID-1
Dr Lamare, who is a member of the committee appointed by the state government, said that this public support should also strengthen the demand of the committee of the state government to appeal to the central government.
During the inspection, the HITO members found that many of these foreigners did not have proper documents and some of them had already closed their shops before the arrival of the HITO. On the other hand, the union has also closed down the shops of those shops which cannot provide the permits and warned that if they cannot provide the permits they should not come to sell or buy. shops inside this area do not come to earn money.
The woman is from the same village and lives in a foreign land.
Bah Dip has been living in Jaiaw Laitdom for many years but recently he moved to Riatsamthiah.
She said that the burden of studying or at school causes children to take their own lives.
Police have handed over the body to the family members for the rituals.
He said that the officers of the department have worked hard according to the discussion with him at the meeting, but what is needed is for him as the Minister to visit and inspect. to the field on the performance of the beneficiaries of the department.
Earlier, the Forest Department of West Jaintia Hills District through a presentation explained about the Wildlife Protection Act.
He said that as of now, there are very few thefts in the market since the Syiem Police have been patrolling and this year, no complaints have been received of any incident in the market.
You should not be YES MEN. I invite you young people of the country to do so while there is still time if you do not agree with this Agreement.
In fact, such a rule should be strengthened so that it becomes the right of the nation enshrined in the act.
Speaking on behalf of the HSPDP, Samlin Malngiang said that Pynshngaiñ doesn't have time to think about the work of the Council and he has to travel around the area to discuss the issue. “He has forgotten about the work of the Council, the work of the office is not going anymore, he is busy with other agendas,” said Bah Samlin.
“We appeal to the authorities to understand the problem and pay our salaries.
We'll figure it out and we'll see.
He also denied that the Khasi language is in danger, but said it is sad that many Khasi do not know how to respect their own language.
Another bowler, Apandanka Marak, scored a hat-trick today, but failed to take a wicket today and scored 4/5 that 12 overs.
AIS Suja“Don't move the old Mawpud”.
In the 3rd Division, Mawreng beat Umlyngka 3-1
“Young people need to have physical fitness, financial fitness and spiritual fitness.
When contacted by former Congress MLA from Mawlai, Founder Strong Cajee, he said that he is still in Chennai.
The match will be played between Lawsohtun SC and Nongthymmai SC at 3:30 pm.
A total of 2,616 people were injured.
Esau was a brother of Jacob but Esau rejected God, God gave his share to the wild beasts of the field.
In this approach, the MDA government has allowed the rich, the coal mafia or the high level to violate the rights of the small farmers because the Prospecting and Mining Leases have been held by them. NPP, UDP and others have said that the president.
Regarding the Sumo and Innova vehicles, the union has not yet decided to write to the Commissioner in charge of Transport.
Why private....
With the quick scoring of 10 goals, the team encouraged them to fight hard and reached the end of the Ryntih.
The union also urged the MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to take action on this issue by providing security forces so that there will be no tragic incident and these Bangladeshi suspects will not be killed. get more access and do whatever they want.
We have seen that in these areas of Narpuh Elaka, there are villages which are no longer suitable for villages because they have been polluted by the presence of many cement factories and coke factories.
This is the rule of the Government of India, said the Director of Border Area Department.
Munna's father suspects that his son may have joined the rebel group.
He asked his friend what was the cow.
The Government has authorized the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Revenue (I/C) Civil Sub Division, Amlarem and the staff of the office to enter or leave this area and to investigate who enters this area. the land and to do any work necessary for its implementation, as stipulated and explained in Section 12 of the Act.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah on Tuesday strongly condemned the politics and misleading of the people, and directed the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to refrain from politics. regarding the evacuation of 342 households from Metor, Mawlong Market.
Nongstoiñ, March 17: Last year, the government had promised to build the road from Nonglang to Mawrok, but no sign has been seen yet, said Bah Phransis Wanniang, one of the elders of Kyndongei. .
“The Assistant Director of NIOS Regional Center has admitted that NIOS has made a mistake and promised to issue another resolution, but he has not been able to do so according to the deadline. “It's like those trainees in 2012 and their jobs have disappeared because they didn't strike and that's why we came forward to strike,” said Bah Dkhar.
He said that 90% of the rainfall in Meghalaya flows from the state to Bangladesh or Assam.
Shillong, Naitung 28: BJP President Amit Shah will meet with MLAs in the state during his visit next month who may join the party.
“If I earn enough money, I'll buy a place in Bhoi, Bah,” said the brother who was driving the car.
Frazier Sangma was the Additional SP of the Bomb Squad and Special Branch of the Meghalaya Police during his tenure.
Then we saw a bright cloud covering the Umngot River which slowly disappeared until about 9 o'clock.
According to the Ministry, NIHSAD has sent the investigation report on 12th June 2023 after testing the samples sent from the State since 28th June,
Tripura lost to Rajasthan on the same day while their first match was suspended.
Belarusian tennis player Aryna Sabalenka has won her first French Open title after defeating Ukrainian opponent Marta Kostyuk; who refused to shake hands with the Belarusian player after their match.
The owner of the land, strongly condemned the enemies who broke the dead pigs inside his land and threatened to lodge an Ejahar if they do not leave the dead pigs. .
“If we really have this idea, I believe that other villages will also get cleanliness and recognition from the government.
“Is this why we were chosen? Is it for this reason that our ancestors gave their lives for freedom? The BJP has not only embarrassed me and my followers, but it has embarrassed the country as a whole.
Six members of the union were also elected, including Bah Nerius Nongbri, Rangbah Mawpun, Bah Kyrmen Rynghang, Rangbah Nongrim Nongladew, Bah J Ramshon, Rangbah Mawkyrdep, Bah K Kharbihkhiew, Bah K Kharbihkhiew, Secretary Itsohpair. W Rynghang, Secretary Lumsohpieng and Bah K Sumer, Rangbah Village.
Today, the Behdeiñkhlam festival started in the morning with the throwing of the Deingkhlam at 'Iung Blai' and the shad ka kñia by the Waheh. Slotmasi ground and the delivery of 12 trees and rots at Wah Biar (Aitnar).
In addition to the parts of the uranium mined, the hand from the uranium mine will include all the particles of the ore and this will be harmful to living things,” said the CSWO. He said that he will continue to oppose the proposal to mine uranium in Meghalaya and urged the government not to allow the company to pollute the environment just for the sake of making Surol.
Besides, the diseases they suffer from make it difficult for them to pay for treatment at a reasonable price,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong: Two Sumos, MLO5 K 4083 and MLO5 K 1524, were seized by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle together with the Mawiong Unit. They were sent to other states, including Assam.
Kharkongor said the turnout this time is higher than in the 2018 elections as it was 90.40 per cent.
After the protest of the six villages, the plan to dump garbage in Mynkjai has failed again on Monday.
The UIDAI has directed the mobile companies to submit their new policy before 15th March 2018 to cancel the use of Aadhar and to do other things. Mobile companies have been directed to remove all the information they have through Aadhar.
Not only that, he said that his decision to contest the election was based on choice and not on the power of wealth.
Before fleeing the scene, the robbers looted money and other items.
It is learned that Kong RM Kurbah, who had suffered from fever and chills, immediately went for testing at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. has been confirmed with COVID-1
Speaking on the railway line to East Khasi Hill, Minister Rakkam said that the people should look at the advantages and disadvantages of the railway line and look especially at the the employment of the people.
She also informed that the executive committee will also take a decision regarding the prices of mur which will be a great blessing for the farmers.
David asked about the greatness of God's glory, saying, “When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, O God, the stars, which thou hast ordained; what is man, that thou art mindful of him? " Psalm 8:3
The meeting discussed the statement of the Rangbah Shnongs by the High Court Judge, which was addressed by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Spokesperson. , Federation of Khasi States, said that all this is due to the lack of clarity in the Constitution of the Dorbars in the Constitution of the country.
Prof. Shula said the JAC should look into its demands before holding its protests so that it does not affect the students.
What is the point of bringing about better governance when the more prosperous are banned?
“It is not Bah Pala who is confused, but Bah Pyngrope, because the President of the MPCC, has already spoken clearly about the work of the Congress.
They also expressed their concern over the promise of the Central Government regarding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, because even though all the 60 MLAs in the state have It has been almost a year since the government sent a resolution to the Central Government to implement the ILP, but no sign has been seen yet.
This is done in accordance with the guidelines mandated by the central government.
The venue for the service will be in the area of ​​the Cathedral and giant screens will be installed so that all those who attend the service can see it.
Raliang Wahchnong United SC won a cash prize of T.50,000/- and Lucky SC won a cash prize of T.30,000/-.
In the fourth match between Madan S&CC and Umrynjah SC, the match came to an end without any goal.
The little one also has his turn, if you treat him badly, it is triumphant when he wakes up.
According to a reply received through the Right to Information (RTI) Act, Bah Marcus Lyngdoh, Co-Producer, Media Plus, ME Production, Shillong, said: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has spent T.1,68,203 lakh and has flown four times.
During the Question Hour, Dr Celestine also asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah whether the Government knows.
He said it is up to the filmmakers whether they want to submit their new film or submit it after its release in cinemas to be included in the 'Hello Meghalaya'
He said most of the allegations happen especially when the election is near, but the people should not be misled and should accept this scheme because the government is implementing it for the benefit of the people.
Angela said that Wanpynhun, who serves the poor especially the hourly workers in the city, understands the problems they face.
“More than Rs 6 crore has been allocated for the Solid Waste Management and more than Rs 5.40 crore has been spent on the construction. “It's a breadbasket,” said Bah Phidel War.
We will convene a meeting of the Cabinet as well as of all political parties and all responsible leaders and we will discuss how to proceed,” he said.
Pynskhem Dkhar scored three goals and Damehi Dkhar scored two goals (18, 54).
It is learned that the battery, which he was charging, on Tuesday night, but it exploded on Saturday morning, early in the morning, while they were all sleeping in the house. home.
He said the teachers have the right to demand and the government will create ways to resolve their problems.
However, the VPP MLA did not read what was mentioned in the OM, which said except for some departments including the Home Police, Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps, Home Guard and Civil Defence. and the Forest and Environment.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Western Region has elected its new office bearers for the 2021-23 term.
On the other hand, the union also expressed its dissatisfaction with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Syiem Ken Syiem, who has been too quick to give approval to build the casino without any agreements and without approval. The Syiem, in a meeting with the members of the party, on 22nd July 2022, at his office, said that he had done it alone.
The residents of the village cannot believe whether the single lane construction of the 0.23rd km Nongstoin-Maweit road will come true.
In the petition, the union said that according to the Right to Education (Article 21 A) of the Constitution of India, all children under the age of 6 to 14 years should have free education.
Bah Nikkhla said the influx of people is higher on Saturdays and holidays and many of those who come to sit are with their children.
The garbage truck was launched by the CEM in the presence of the EM in charge of Health and Sanitation Department of KHADC, Bah Victor Rani, officers of the Council to the Hima Mylliem in the presence of the Syiem. The Hima Mylliem Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Basan, Bakhraw, Ministers and market dwellers who enriched the meeting.
Max Planck, a scientist, once said, “that science plays a role in burying things”.
In another development, it was said that the party may nominate more candidates from other constituencies in the coming days.
From the information received it is understood that the Thangbuli, Amwi and Nongtalang got the idea to do this from the Jaintia chiefs, but the Thangbahula they do in Nartiang and in these villages there is a difference because in Nartiang They also performed the puja in the presence of the Bamon, who performed the rituals while in Thangbuli, Amwi and Nongtalang they did not perform the puja.
This is a scheme not fully funded by the Central Government.
“I believe that no one in the media will say that there is no such thing in Meghalaya, you cannot compare Meghalaya with other states, if they have been in other countries of the world. If there is in India, the time will come when the government will use its power and the media will no longer dare to write against it. He said that the time will come when those who do not write against the government and do not speak against the government will receive more advertisement and support. This statement will make the government think that we the people are wise to judge and we will see if it is from the government or from someone else to mislead and that the media will see that they must be upbuilding and not misleading.
KHCF Secretary Bah Alan West said that this festival will be held for the first time in the state where all the people can come together to gather in one place to celebrate the wealth. their culture.
However, at that time, unfortunately, the driver of the bus did not want to delay as it would cause traffic jam on the road, so he left and at that time, the head of the bus The child hit a nar post on the road and immediately, the people on the bus sent the driver to stop and look at the child first. They immediately informed the authorities and the rescue agencies to rescue the child if there is still an opportunity.
(vii) Iaithrang Nongbri: The travails and death of Thomas Jones, Father of the Khasi Alphabet, Missionary of the Gospel and Freedom fighter of the Khasis.2016.
For EJH, Saroj Raut was one of the top scorers with 6/6
Good and right will always be good and right in the sight of God, even if everyone does not accept and do it.
This unbelief happened to a man named Zechariah.
When asked which constituency he will contest from, Bah Mawlot said that in fact he wanted to contest from Mairang or Nongstoiñ, but God has turned him to Mawlai.
In the past few months, there have been many farmers, who have been very angry, because these cows, which have no shepherd, have gone to eat all their crops and these cows, have gone set in government buildings, schools and Dorbar Shnong halls and this has disrupted the holding of schools in many places.
This is the attitude of these political parties after the MDC results from Garo Hills.
“Most of those arrested are from Nagaland and Meghalaya,” said Jitender Singh.
The JSU also said that the 7 Trep Rural Aid has helped up to 800 households in Khasi Jaintia.
Furthermore, according to the understanding of the majority of the participants in the signing of the MOU, it is the fear of the national party NPP to stand firm on any decisions that may affect the majority of others. Indians or Indians.
She appealed to the film lovers to come and support her when the film Johkhe is released from 6th March 2023 at Bijou cinema.
Mairang, Naitung 18: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday announced that the KHADC will hold a fundraising ceremony. T.10 lakh for the construction of a football ground in Mairang known as the Tirot Singh Football Ground.
However, to this question, our ancestors gave the answer that “the Khasi came from Khatar years ago”.
Non-Government Teachers(Govt.
Only one person is allowed to leave each household to go shopping and the residents will get their necessities in their own villages and therefore, they do not need to go. buy food from this market.
The skill and dedication of this player for this sport has made him one of the players to be noticed in the world football.
After both sides failed to score, the management held a tie-breaker in which the Challengers won the title 5-4
“This is wrong and biased because 57 schools are not enough to allocate MBBS doctorate in the state,” said Bah Thabah.
Police have recovered two mobile phones and 10 SIM cards from Vincent.
The JARF Leader strongly criticized the State Government for its inability to formulate a mining policy and mining plan since
Up to 80 officers from all over India will take part in the award ceremony to showcase their innovations and also to explain more about the award ceremony. better practices to be adopted by the states for providing more efficient services to the citizens.
Iong I Dahi, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu and Khliehmyntdu Neinchnong won the Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy in the 3rd Division Football Tournament of the WJDSA on Tuesday.
All applicants or applicants must appear before the Assistant Electoral Registration Officer on the date, time and place specified for inquiry.
“We have not received any complaint from the drivers that the Assam or Meghalaya police have been harassing them for illegal collection of money and others,” he said. .
She said that she has received the report from the DHS office and it will be sent to the government officials to read and find out more information as it is no longer a matter of blaming each other.
She threatened that if Airtel does not withdraw itself, the group will leave after six months.
On this occasion, we once again express our deep sorrow and grief over the loss of such a man who is a good example for the future generations.
The President said that although Ram Navami is celebrated on 30th October, 2023 across India, why not celebrate it on 2nd June, 2023 which is also Sunday? Slatchy.
He attended Mawkhar Christian Middle English ME School.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the state government has not issued any announcement to ban the consumption of pork in the state except in Lamin and some villages. compare.
The authorities have not yet issued the certificate to him and have directed him to complete the necessary documents so that he can become the full doloi of the Elaka.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Bah Comingone Ymbon said that these two organizations have provided the most complete service to the community especially in the country. The time when the state is experiencing problems whether it is due to natural disasters or any other incident caused by human error.
That is out of sympathy for this tragic incident, but they have decided not to allow it in the future.
Other speakers included Kong Thiangmon Shylla, Seril Suja, Felix Siangshai and others who expressed their gratitude to the parents, family and the village of Byndihati for having a young son who has been born. bring honor to the village, the district as well as the State.
This is because there has been an understanding that without a plan, that is, without proper literacy, it is impossible to progress in this age.
Emiliana Susngi 28kg Mawpat Female, 11th.
They also need to inquire about other jobs available around the world and NEHU through this recruitment drive/Rozgar Mela will strive to fill the vacancies.
On this occasion, the sponsors of the organization also donated about 100 shatri to the children of this school.
“If we win 15 MPs from the Northeast, we will have a strong voice in the Northeast,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 20 : The empowerment of women from children to women and the elderly by the highest authorities has become a stronghold to protect against all kinds of violence. , whether it is in the home such as beating, assault or rape of a woman by her husband, which the law does not provide for to prosecute anyone involved in this act under a special law , known as the Domestic Violence Act and those who fall under this Act have to be imprisoned for many years.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: Leaders of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday welcomed back Bah RR Marbaniang from Nginiong village under the 33rd Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. the former leader of the party who has been out since November last year.
The Karbi and Assam Police said that when they saw the patients needing treatment from good hospitals in Meghalaya, the Karbi and Assam Police did not allow them to enter Meghalaya and they were sent back. turn to the village.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Vice-President Thomas Passah said that the demand of KHNAM to abolish personal interviews in government offices is to abolish the recruitment process. He said that the personal interview saves the time of officers in various departments and the government budget as well.
However, it is not only Bah Pynshngain who has suffered, but others too.
The total cost of these 51 projects is T.941.40 crore, and is expected to create jobs for 4,395 people in Karnataka.
Uma Dapmon Shadap, one of the farmers from Larnai village, said that their problem is that the soil has become dry and the reason for this dryness is due to the use of fertilizers by the farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bifstar Lyngkhoi, Minister of Mawbri, Bah Stebin Shylla, Minister of Nongnam Village and Bah Sentarlin Mylliem, Member of KSU Area Unit Nongnam, expressed their regret that they do not know the reason for the incident. The contractor has not yet completed the road. According to the Engineer from the office of the Public Work Department (PWD) Mawkyrwat, the road should be completed within 5 years. There are only 6 months left to complete this road where the contractor has completed only 4 kms out of 19 kilometers but the remaining 16 kms is still more than 16 kms. Minister of 6 Villages and also the KSU that the Contractor without any reason has stopped to complete the construction of this PMGSY road. Mawkyrwat Constituency is one of the most backward villages in Mawkyrwat Constituency where for hundreds of years there have been residents but they have not found a road and they have to walk for about 3 hours to reach their villages. There are times when patients don't reach the hospitals and die in the middle of the road. eh and jynjar to the people.
I sent tba the children the water and asked – how is it? The children told me it was cold.
Shillong, June 24: After the inspection of Trading License by the Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at Iewduh and parts of Iew Mawlong area on 24th June, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (KYF) HNYF) East Khasi Hills on Monday conducted a raid on Bar Licesne in the Iewduh area and found that up to 6 Tibetans have been arrested. just sold illegally without documents.
Therefore, the team invites and invites the public especially the youth who like to ride motorcycles on the roads to take part in this competition so that this competition will be a success.
Forty days in the wilderness Jesus found that physical life was not only part of humanity and family.
However, even though the country has become almost self-sufficient in agricultural products, the income of farmers, especially small farmers, is still very low.
Mawlynnong, a village on the outskirts of Pynursla area, has now become one of the most popular tourist destinations in India where not only Indians but also foreigners visit the village. and the nations shall come to witness of her holiness.
We don't want the Achiks and Hynniewtreps to become other Kukis or Rohingyas or like Kurds who don't have their own land or country, but they are “There are many people who have to flee around,” said Bah Nongtraw.
The land covers an area of ​​3580 sq ft and the rent has been increased every five years and it has been 25 years since the rent was taken.
When the union visited the hospital today, it was found that the dentist was not in the office of the hospital.
They have to work and pay for the same job even if they win their candidates.
How much more in relation to drinking water.
Marak filed another appeal on 16th November after the Supreme Court ordered the Kashari High Court to take over.
They said that so far more than 100 people who have been addicted to alcohol have escaped and given a new life.
“Early detection of skin cancer is very important,” said Dr Walayat Hussain.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Ansar Ali, a private driver from Dhubri, Assam, who was kidnapped in the past few days, has been released yesterday. The 35-year-old was abducted from Baro Nile, about 15 miles [25 km] from Tura.
Ma War also recalled the progress of the union and the government's neglect of the legitimate demands of the union.
The pursuit of being first is very important today because we are rushing into the world of technology and the age of change.
Rudy was speaking on the Indian government's intention to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) for all in the country, which could lead to confusion in the country.
“I have long heard the desire of the people of Nongstoiñ to bring about change in the rule of law in the Constituency.
Shillong, November : U Mawlai MLA, Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday inaugurated the dewbilat road at Dong Pata, Block B (Hill) at a cost of 3 lakh tyngka under his Special Scheme. Rural Works Program (SRWP).
Isn't it true that everyone has become stupid and therefore they don't dare to punish all those who violate the law and smuggle illegally to the point of death?
Therefore, the Seng urges the authorities to take action for this school so that the students of this school can have peace of mind and be able to learn from the school. part in the study.
KL Pariat President KYM, Joorbha Phawa who is one of the farmers and others were present at the ceremony.
When asked whether there is any request for ULFA-I leader Paresh Baruah to join the peace talks, Chetia said he has spoken to him but it is up to the Indian government. to speak with him and the group.
He recalled that in 1983-84, an article appeared about a Khasi girl marrying a Khasi man who had just been married and the woman had a close relationship with a man from Delhi.
The stem will equip 30 GPS buses with modern operating systems such as CCTV, live location, mobile application, reserved and prepaid seats, operations management. There are not enough buses to check the passengers and to provide assistance.
On this occasion, HITO has written to the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, to ask whether the DC has given permission for the meeting, which was attended by Arun Singh. , National General Secretary of the party and many other party leaders.
The British Government placed all its Khadar administrations under the Jowai Civil Sub-Division.
Therefore, the discussion on the purity of blood and that it should not be mixed with other races will continue.
Mairang, Jymmang 11: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MLA) Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inaugurated the new building of the Tirot Singh Memorial Government School. Upper Primary School, Nongkhlaw.
When they arrived at NEIGRIHMS, they tested for COVID-19 and there was a delay until the mother had to give birth in a 108 vehicle on the ground floor of NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong and the mother is still undergoing treatment. in this place to this day.
The purpose of the program is to raise funds for the construction of the Multi Purpose Project cum Rehab Center of NEIMA at Mawlai Mawiong Rim. don't play chess.
However, the wholesaler should not interfere with the dealers.
The income generation from the coal and Mawshun industry has suddenly declined for about four years.
The Chief Minister said that during these Cabinet meetings, there are also meetings to discuss various schemes implemented through various government departments in the districts. also make the officers satisfied that the ministers are taking the initiative to come and see the work.
Prof has been the former President of Mission Unit Congress Committee, President of Mawkhar Block Congress, President of Shillong City Congress, President of North Shillong Block Congress, Sr. President of Shillong City Congress, Chairman of Self Government. Shillong, Naitung 20: Following the media reports on various incidents in Mawsynram Hima, the Seng Khasi (Sang Khasi) ( Kmie) has called a meeting of the branches and leaders of the Seng Khasi within the boundary of the Hima Mawsynram to get clarification on these issues.
Participants stopped at parking lots like Nongpoh, Umsning and Umiam with the request to set up small programs to disseminate knowledge and information regarding drug abuse.
The filing of nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha MP elections will be held on the 28th of July while the date for the scrutiny of their nomination papers will be on the following day.
The incident occurred on Saturday morning after the reservoir of the power plant burst and injured the three persons including Anupam Saikia Deputy Manager, Jayanta Hazarika Manager of Civil Branch and another. Demiraj Johri is a contract employee.
The pharmacy, which he opened at Kynruh Saphlang (Jowai), has now been relocated to Madan Kniakhad, Stand Iawmusiang, Jowai, under the name Pakyntein Indigenous Herbal Medicine & Research.
There are 8 new cases of COVID-1
It was also seen that the employees including the Executive Engineer, SDO and others have taken part in working tirelessly since the evening of the 3rd to ensure that the work should be completed today 5th June so that The residents who rely on the PHE department for drinking water will not be affected.
Referring to the delay in the recruitment of those youths who have passed in various job competitions, Dr. Mukul said the reason is due to the delay in getting the certificate from the police. Police Verification) but now he said that the government has decided that those youths who have passed the examination and are eligible for employment do not need to wait for police verification, but will be appointed. Interim Appointment and will have to bring back the police certificate later. All the documents required to be produced must be certified by themselves.
“The expulsion from Them Metor and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule should be completed,” said Robertjune.
It was witnessed that many people came to take part in this meeting and many of them are not Khasi but together they laughed with the leaders, “Ha Ka Bom”.
We don't know how long they will continue to work together under the MDA coalition government. Now the challenge has come that the MDA will nominate only one MP candidate for the Shillong seat and one for the Tura seat. .
In the north, the largest village is Nongryngkoh, about 70 km from Shillong.
We have just talked in the market, in the workplace, in the shops selling food and drink that the goal of the ship of the Jaitbynriew has been given the authority by the people to appoint the representatives. who are of our flesh and blood to lead or to the future how they will shape the country, the nation and the state as a whole.
The Ladthadlaboh Youth Social Organization (LYSO) to express its condolences on the loss of five lives of the residents of Mukroh in the shooting incident by the Assam Police on 22nd November indoor of the Village Council, Jowai.
Conrad said it is difficult to explain to people who do not understand.
The welcome speech was delivered by KM Sangma and the welcome speech by D Syiem.
Conrad said that all the political parties who attended the briefing on the Roster System understand what the government has done and appreciate what the government has done.
Despite the pressure to flee immediately to Meghalaya, this incident of violence against the Khasi indigenous people in Manipur continues to happen from time to time despite the confirmation of Shri Biren. Singh, Chief Minister of Manipur and the KSU in
“I don't know why, but only this EC has brought the bill,” he said.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the race of a person must be according to the race of his birth and cannot be changed.
On 13th November, 2015, the Supreme Court ordered the Central Government to introduce a rule on how to protect animals from transportation for the Gadhimai Festival in Nepal. this is a festival.
The HNYF and the Longkmie residents of the area have been monitoring the Dhaba for many days over the conduct of Awria activities in the Dhaba. They said that the Dhaba is a violation of human rights, because in their view, there is a big difference in the way women enter and leave the Dhaba.
Residents of the area saw the truck carrying coal from Sonapur, Assam to Star Cement Lumshnong this morning and informed the police in Ladrymbai.
The event was attended by the Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh, Kyrmen Shylla, Pius Marwein, Balajied Synrem, Nujorki Sungoh, Titos Chyne, MDCs and supporters who attended more than 1,000 people.
Ms Isawanda said that all the athletes who will participate in various categories have prepared themselves well before they go to compete in this tournament and she is confident that they will bring fame to the state by winning many medals.
The new Act also stipulates that the right to attend school should be up to the age of 18 years, from the current age of 14 years. before 2025 and to fully implement pre-primary education.
Meanwhile, the UDP Pynursla Circle on Tuesday strongly condemned the killing of a man by the BSF on Thursday night near Mawshun.
When asked, he said that the most important thing now is to have a strong will on the part of the political parties to relocate them from this place to a better place and this should be done. The KHADC will provide its support.
Don't be a deceiver of the people for your own benefit.
“I understand, Mei.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Ïarapbhathik Shangrit, General Secretary, Sharak Rural Development Society, in the presence of Bah Wellesley Lyngkhoi, President, Sharak Rural Development Society and other members.
He said that since Kimfa S.Marbaniang won the MLA election in 2018, the party has the hope that he will win in 2023 as well.
The mother's race and the father's race have nothing to do with blood.
The Victim Compensation Scheme (VCS) is implemented by the State Government through the funds provided by the Central Government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has awarded the 1st Maitshaphrang Academic Award to 42 students who passed the SSLC & HSSLC.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has banned the sale of petrol, diesel in jars, bottles and any other equipment at all petrol pumps in East Khasi Hills District.
Let’s take a look and spend a little time learning about 666.
Thombor Shiwat CEM said that the present government under the leadership of the NPP has taken action regarding the border issue and now with the signing of the MoU, the land in Phase-I has been arranged. He urged the residents of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka to cooperate with the District Council to rehabilitate these villages. into the state.
Shillong, Lber 21: The Congress President Vincent H. Pala has admitted that the Congress's refusal to cooperate with the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in Meghalaya is due to the lack of cooperation between the two parties. If the ATIC leaders join the BJP, it will become clear later that it is the Congress that sent the workers to the BJP. “Regarding the cooperation with the Trinamool Congress, I am not the only one who has taken the decision.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Saturday held a condolence meeting for the souls of the victims who lost their lives in Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the state government has been calling from time to time to improve agriculture in the state but the surprising thing is that the important tasks of speeding up the work have been entrusted to only one state. people without filling to this day.
Read 371G and you will see that their customs and traditions are looked after by the State Government and it is stronger.
The program provided training on how to better understand the prevalence of HIVS, AIDS, as well as the prevalence of alcohol and drug abuse.
Remember to follow the advice of Bah SP Swer, without following the leaders who tempt us to say, 'Let's go now, dig lut now, we'll see again tomorrow.
At the same time, he said the government in consultation with experts, has conducted a public awareness campaign on the coal mining methods in accordance with the protection and preservation of the environment.
Shillong: The state government has urgently issued a plan to evict the Harijans and provide land for 342 houses at the RP Chest Hospital in Mawbah, Upper Mawprem. However, this action of the government has prompted the people and political parties to oppose.
Even students who have passed SSLC and HSSLC cannot download their marksheets due to lack of electricity to open computers.
Congress MLA from Umsning Dr Celestine Lyngdoh has expressed his regret that even after 15 years of getting land, the Government has not been able to erect a signpost. you pud you sam.
The next day, through the investigation, police have arrested another member of the HNLC who had already waited to take the three members to the HNLC headquarters. The arrested person was identified as Paila Snaitang, 38, of Balat-Nongthymmai.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has given 10 months to protest if the government does not reopen the Girls and Boys Hostel of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
Speaking to media after the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy swore her in as a full-time MLA at his office, she said that besides many problems within the House, The constituency that is ahead of us now is the roads.
The purpose of setting up this committee is to discuss the issues of Nartiang area and to bring about development in Nartiang area as a whole.
It will strengthen the mission of AICTE to link education and employment by providing opportunities in education, training in fields such as Banking, Finance and Insurance.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the allegation made only in the media is wrong.
“However, at this time of crisis due to COVID-19, we have to be vigilant and responsible and we have to take measures to prevent,” he said.
Today, the number of cases has risen to 70,0
The TMC leaders strongly criticized the MDA Government at the meeting and called upon the residents of Mahendraganj Constituency to think again from now on to bring about changes in the rule of law. Shillong, Nailar 27: Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, today said that the MDA Government The Corporation on 25th July, 2022 has issued an Office Order that the farmers who are eligible to receive fertilizer through MECOFED will receive a subsidy of 50% of the price.
Entertainment and games are also important for children.
Rohit Kumar Yadav scored 88 runs from 59 balls and Riboklang Hynniewta scored 60 runs from 31 balls.
“The CEM said that they have decided that those who want to come and stay must first get permission from the Dorbar Shnong, which means that the owners of the houses before they can lease the houses of the They have to inform the Dorbar Shnong and after receiving permission they can lease their houses not only to residential buildings but also to shops or trade.
Could it be that God gives more time to the farmers in the countryside and in the countryside, while to those who work in the government, business and other jobs in Shillong and other cities? I'm not sure what to do.
This was a storm of trial only for Job's household.
Gogoi, 45, is undergoing treatment at Gauhati Medical College and Hospital.
He urged all the political parties, people and leaders of West Khasi Hills to stand against the government's plan to build a camp for the ANVC-B, he added.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Filmmakers' Association (MFIMA) has celebrated its 4th Anniversary on the 18th of this month in Shillong.
It is learned that the anonymous person received a phone call from unknown persons in which they threatened to sell the gold at a lower price compared to the price. They also said that the gold was found underground while excavating at a construction site.
More than 300,000 people have been evacuated from the coast of Gopalpur to safer places.
Madonbai said that the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum include the Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, War and they are the same but this Bill does not include them. These others and the Pnars in the Scheduled Tribe are written 'Pnar'
Modi was the former Chief Minister of Gujarat until he went to Delhi to take over as Prime Minister in
Shillong, Naitung 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said it will hold a meeting soon with the HSPDP to decide whether to invite the KHNAM. in the group to contest the upcoming elections in the state.
I don't know what to do with this government without understanding.
Thus, it depends on the faith – that magic power does not work against the Dykhar because he has never thought about it since birth.
Imphal: The Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh, on Tuesday said that the illegal residence of smugglers in the state is one of the most dangerous. household, shall be sent to identify and locate such persons.
We have been attacked by this MRAD KYNSHA and KA KRUIÑ which wants to destroy many if we don't think carefully.
Bhalang brought a plate of food containing about 2 khiew and a bottle of water, jhur sdieh, jhur im.
Lytep said that the two MLAs of East Jaintia Hills, Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State for Khliehriat and Santa Mary Shylla for Sutnga-Saipung, should explain the bomb blast and the injured people.
Looking at the votes of the BJP in the 2014 MP elections, it was a surprise that it won five constituencies, most of which were from Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has a Community College and in order to join and get recognition from NEHU according to the rules of the University Grants Commission (UGC), it will have to prepare a suitable land. good to build the College.
In the Women Wing, Tipsngi Songwai was elected as President, Loyal Sungoh as Vice President, Momtis Thubru as Secretary, Treasurer Jukimon Hinge and 24 members.
“I would like to inform you that the State Government has received many complaints from the students of Meghalaya regarding the postponement of CUET examination outside the State such as in Ranchi, Jharkhand, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Kolkata and to the States. northern India,” said Conrad Sangma in the letter.
Those who are of the same race have many children, and those who are of the same race have many children.
Everyone should wear a 3-ply cloth mask or N-95 at all times.
The relatives of Wanboklang have lodged a complaint with the Mawngap Out Post Police Station and requested anyone who has seen Wanboklang to call
Former Chief Minister DD Lapang won the 1993 election after Ri-Bhoi was declared a district in 1993 and Martin Danggo won the 2018 election after Ranikor was declared a district. the Civil Sub-Division in the same year.
Your neighbors are shopkeepers and others-we give you a three-month deadline to evacuate them or we will not be responsible if anything happens to you [continued on page 7]and your house '.
Shillong: Despite the protests from many churches who have asked the State Government how the Government will approve or accept the leave of absence of the Director General of Police (DGP) of the State, u R Chandranathan said that the Judicial Inquiry is ongoing into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Conrad said that not a single Minister from the HSPDP, PDF, UDP and BJP has opposed the signing of the MoU. They also protested as individuals and not as the party they belong to because until now no Minister or President of the ethnic parties has sent a letter or met with him on this issue.
“The second round has started and we need to learn from the mistakes of the first round of the I-League,” said Alison.
According to the investigation, the theft of the forest guard happened in 2011-2012 to
Shymashon Sharma, 36, of Hojai, Rajbari Nagaon, was arrested while drinking drugs by smoking a pipe.
The 51-year-old finished second in 2022 but has now managed to do even better to finish first.
India managed to reach the target by scoring 273 runs in 35 overs.
“Don't allow the forces of the left to divide us and defame our protest.
Lomena Lyngdoh Mawlong (59), resident of Mawlai, Umshing, EK Hills, Shillong, was admitted to Supercare Hospital on 26th June and died on 27th June
On this day, thousands of people flocked around the venues of the Cherry Blossom Festival.
Every ethnic group in India has its own characteristics, said Deb, speaking at a meeting at the Agartala Press Club on Sunday.
Regarding these orders, the East Jaintia Hills Police have had to implement this order by stopping or blocking all the trucks carrying over the border along the NH
The money will be provided by the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF).
To reach these villages in the area you have to travel from Sonapur via NH-06 and if the road is good it will also help the people of the area to connect to other villages from these villages in the area. East Jaintia Hills and the villages in West Jaintia Hills to Muktapur and Dawki and will benefit in terms of income and livelihood.
After receiving a complaint from the girl, police have arrested the foreigner for further investigation.
As part of the efforts to urge the Khasi leaders to speak out on this issue which affects the country and the nation as a whole, the members of HITO have held meetings with the MLAs in different constituencies, However, during their visit, they found that these MLAs were not at their residences, either in their villages in different constituencies or at their residences in in Shillong.
“The basis is on the wishes of the residents, the presence of many paid and many of the people have been satisfied with what they are doing, the opposition should understand to work together to resolve this issue because “This has been going on for many years and this should be resolved,” he added.
The bag was written SDH Steel and after investigation, it was found that the bag belonged to Capt.
We don't stop those who come into the city.
The neighboring villages are Kdonghulu, Liarkhla, Liarbang, Khliehmustem and Mawshud (to the east), Mawbri, Liarshuid and Khweng (to the west), East Tyrsha and West Tyrsha (to the west).
However, at the meeting, the GS of the KSU said that the DC has told them that the registration will continue and the people should not lose hope and the forms will be issued soon. Those who have not yet been named can obtain their forms from the DC's office or from those shops where they used to collect ration.
Syncream.
The ban on job search and the fine of T.50,000 thousand each to 157 teachers has encouraged them a lot and the protest today is to inform the Government. this is their problem.
Therefore, I think he (Dr. Mukul Sangma) should accept what the investigation report has revealed because to criticize the investigation report is exactly like criticizing the person who has been appointed to lead the investigation,” he said. James Sangma said.
The Government of Meghalaya, as part of addressing the income problems of the poor and ensuring the proper implementation of the National Food Security Act (2013), has provided free food to households covered by the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) and Priority Households (PHH) who are eligible to benefit under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY), for 10 years which began on the 1st of July.
Replying to a question by Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang, the Chief Minister said that the two smart towns in the state are Tura and Jowai.
PHH – 5 kilos per head (No PISA required) If you have any money or do not receive these items, you can complain to the following address by writing your name and their village so that they cannot be punished.
Aided Sec.School, Tuberkmai Village.
We cannot continue like this until the dispute between the teachers and NEHU ends.
The SNSBH leader said that the union does not want to say anything until it hears what the Government has to say.
“The central government has removed the 500 and 1000 notes without proper consideration.
“We will try our best to achieve the goal of MCL according to its slogan to prosper India and the Narpuh region,” said the President of the Company.
Shillong, July 20: Students from different districts of Meghalaya on Tuesday protested against the suspension of the Common Entrance Examination (CEE) by the Indian Army. They took to the streets to inform the Government authorities to take action on their issue.
As in our Khasi society, it is now terrible whether we look at the urban or rural areas because of the increase in child marriage and the abandonment of women.
The PMGSY-II was launched in 2013, with the aim of upgrading 50,000 km of existing roads in rural areas.
LD Lakiang, Waheh Shnong Ladthadlaboh, said the government should immediately cancel the announcement to relocate the office. The State Government has canceled the announcement to relocate the PWD (Rds) North Division Jowai to Shangpung as it will not benefit the department, but will cause disruption in the work of the department.
Now the MFA has also planned to raise funds from companies to enable it to be held annually.
Sahni said a delegation of his party had met Yuva Sena chief Aditya Thackeray in Mumbai on Friday and explained about the plan to hold the you are protesting.
The ECI has appointed 27 Observers to monitor the counting of votes and up to 500 others to assist them.
Bah Suklang Dkhar, said that although this game is new in Meghalaya, but the children who represent the state have been able to play with a beautiful voice.
Rahul said the Citizenship Bill introduced by the Indian government is a threat to the development of the North East.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has put health first by taking various measures to ensure that the health service is efficient and effective. perfect within the state.
That means that he wants to go to heaven, but he digs his own lyhuh for his own sake.
The SKM, a synrop of 40 farmers' organizations, has called a black day to mark the sixth anniversary of the protest against the farmers under the Farmers Act of the Government of India.
“My body is clean and those who have been in contact with me in the past few days should test themselves,” said Naik.
Before a question by Bah Adelbert, VPP Leader and Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit expressed his concern over the insecurity of the people living in the border villages and urged the government not to In the midst of the demarcation, the welfare of the people should be considered first.
Nongpoh, Nailar 04: Despite the strong opposition of the residents of Jatalong and Sabuda villages in Block II area of ​​Ri-Bhoi, the Assam government has been able to complete the construction of electricity posts within 1 day, without any incident. The Assam government has appointed to take over these land.
Do you know how that is?? This is our Rangbah Shnong who has to go up and down to look after the food and drink of the people in the village and in case of disease.
In the midst of this, a former Sengbhalang leader, DL Rymbai, has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the decision of the government. .
However, at the same time, he expressed his regret that although the Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter until the file has been closed, no one has listened and it is strongly suspected that there may be some protection for the file. they.
Nongpoh: A wild elephant has died after being electrocuted by an electric shock in Timbogre village of Pillingkata area on the Assam border this morning.
Unfortunately, their expectations have not been fulfilled to date.
The tournament will start on the 1st of March and end on the 5th of March 2022 at the Basketball Ground in Jaiaw Pdeng.
“The budget approved by the Plan Approved Board of the Ministry of Education of the Government of India and the funds within this also include other activities such as payment of travel expenses, collection of vehicles, research, expenses for office meetings and other expenses besides paying salaries to employees," he said.
“In this letter, we have explained the rules that the state government has adopted.
They said that the price of rice is 300 tyngka per kilo and this price has been increased from 280 tyngka per kilo for two years.
“However, we have received complaints from some of the Hima that some Hima have not followed these directives of the Council according to the law but have set their own price, which is by counting. beams (sq/ft).
“We have been informed that this work will not take more than two or three weeks,” he said.
They also noted that after the Bodo community, the second largest community in terms of ethnic groups is the Garo community.
In reply, SCA failed to tied the balls bowled by SGH and lost all wickets for 60 runs.
JSU please don't trap Jaintia Hills with ILP.
However, as it turns out, even the poor and the rich have become addicted to drugs because they have become addicted to drugs through these methods.
Yes, there is death, but there is also life in the midst of death.
Thallina K.Marak, 40, of Sawokolgre Gonggangre, SG Hills, was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital on 17-05-2021 and died on 19-05-2
In the old days, when they were quarrying mawbynna, the Khasi kamar used to write shun on the mawramsong by following the path of ksai maw, and then they would build a thynram tree to burn like burning bun burning shlem for about ten days; before going to see the next day that the force of nature had removed the stone exactly as it was written.
“Peacefulness will be one of the requirements in the permit process in the city,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has appealed to the Meghalaya government for turning the prison into a National Games ground. Hussain Saikia, chairman of the commission, along with PJP Hanaman, member.
Through the Jackfruit Mission; FOCUS, PRIME and other missions have created opportunities to improve the income of farmers.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, Bah Arful Mangsang Secretary of the SRSLA and Bah Kardening Rongrin, said that the road is very important, as the area is There are many agricultural products such as sying, kwai, synsar, soh ki pai and others.
Referring to the final match between Umsaw Dong Mawsiang and Kbet Umshaid, the match was very friendly and beautiful which impressed the spectators and supporters of the two teams. Umsaw Nongbri scored the first goal of the second half and beat Kbet 1-0
“At this time of financial crisis, the appointment of the new EC is unfair,” said Bah Sylliang.
Prestone Tynsong said the MDA has high hopes that Dr. WR Kharlukhi will win the election as the MDA has 41 MLAs. It is surprising that there has been no announcement, after the Prime Minister has already declared 2020 as the Year of Farmers since December
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Rio expressed his hope that the NDPP-BJP will once again form a coalition government in Nagaland.
In November 2022, Neeraj Chopra won the Diamond League Finals in Zurich, becoming the first player in the country to win the Diamond League Finals. you build the lympung.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has announced to close down the house of Tri Shabong, Lawsohtun Block-1 due to the presence of covid-19 cases or those in contact with covid-19 cases. 2 (Cluster).
The newspaper has questioned the state government for allowing the Assam government to try to operate buses to Dhaka despite the fact that many of the longest roads fall under Meghalaya.
We have been drinking only from the rainwater in the bottles and it is still going on.
"“...you know that the signing of the MoU between the two Ministers of the two states will not have any effect until the Government of India takes action to deal with any border dispute. The Badminton tournament for the 5th Meghalaya Games started on Tuesday. long at Tura Indoor Hall, Airport.
Speaking to reporters, the union said that this tournament is different from the commercial tournaments which are held only there, and after the tournament, the players receive prizes and cash prizes. no one else is looking after and guiding for their future.
Shillong, July 13: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning that from the 14th to the 17th of this month, Heavy rains are expected in parts of Meghalaya and Assam.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident to find out the facts.
Research by Nobel Laureate Dr. Michael Kremer and his team has shown that 30% of child deaths can be avoided if households have access to safe drinking water.
Meanwhile, the President of the Shillong Press Club, David Laitphlang, said that he has spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, not to ban journalists so that they can get accurate information to distribute to the public. the public.
After about an hour of walking again we come to a forest with tall grass until we come to a larger stream.
We also see that the BJP has started to spread within our society.
The Shynrai Lakadong oil production plant is located near the office of BDO Laskein which is run by the Laskeiñ Federation of SHGs.
He was responding to a question by AITC Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang in the Synrai Dorbar today.
They took this decision at a meeting today at the Community Hall of Khlieh Riat West.
The residents of the state are very fond of music and in general they are very fond of taking part in various festivals that take place in the state.
This was announced by the Rgh, S.Sari Adviser of the 12th Raij.
Know that the surrounding area has its own voice.
Ma Protasius Suiam and his wife Kong Liancy Suchiang also take care of 11 children and provide them with education at the school they have founded.
These lands and properties are in the names of Atiq’s assistants and other persons.
The EPF has been implemented only by Central Government departments and private companies in the State but the State Government offices have not implemented the scheme at all.
Many of them have left and the only ones left are those who stay with their families," he said.
In the second match, Bataw YWSC beat Lumputhoi SC 2-0
He said that the State Government will send a proposal to the Bangladesh Government to memorialize Tirot Singh at the place where he spent his last days which will be turned into a museum.
If Mukul Sangma and the ministers do not come, the party has already prepared protests against them,” said the statement.
The meeting of the Academic Council was held again on July 2, 2023 and the amended syllabus and ordinance were adopted.
However, he said he refused immediately because the party has decided to continue until the government renews the recruitment quota.
The Dorbar Shnong has also appointed volunteers to ensure the movement of people and vehicles.
In a letter submitted earlier to the High Court, the government said that although the demand for electricity in the state is about 200 Mega Units per day, the capacity to supply electricity is only 88 Mega Units. in ten days.
I feel that this action of the BJP is enough because instead of fighting and losing seats here in the state it is better because tomorrow when we win and go to Parliament we will not get recognition. such as those MPs from Meghalaya and this is because of the wisdom of the BJP leaders to take decisions.
Shillong: Abhishek Kumar scored 6/4 while PM Santhosh scored 4/29 and Mizoram scored 33 runs for 10.4 overs. overs.
In 2012, since Dr. Hazarika resigned on 31st November 2011, there was no Director for 4 days and Dr. CB Sangma was appointed on 4th November July 2012 and the Doctor has been in office for half a year until 30th July
Coming's visit was during the visit of former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang to monitor the flooding of areas in the Umngi River.
Therefore, he also congratulated the organizers of the tournament for organizing such tournaments which can promote and benefit the students.
It is this characteristic within her that she does not want to see that there are differences in the rule of law, in society.
While everyone has the freedom to express themselves, it should be remembered that such freedom comes from taking responsibility for themselves and demanding respect at all times.
Stand with the farmers and you will see the result.
Amison M Sangma has been accused of killing his wife Melkuritha Sangma in Bolchimdagre village in
On the other hand, the KSU Nongtyngur Unit would like to thank the residents of the village for their cooperation and hopes that its objectives will be successful if it has the cooperation of the villagers and fellow citizens of the country. community.
The truck was coming from Jowai to Shillong but when it reached Mawryngkneng Main Highway, it collided with the victim.
Home guards, including HGV Lucky Dhar of Ummulong Beat House, Hav R. Dkhar of 4th MLP Bn and Danny Dkhar, one of the residents, were arrested in the incident. nearly 10 feet from the scene, he collided with the vehicle, which fled the scene.
Perhaps, most other miracles have passed us by during this pandemic.
Bah Passah said that according to the vendors, during the raid on Tuesday, there was more than one person of the Municipal who was drunk.
However, this time the Block was given without any understanding, where even the staff are not available and the people who need to go to the Block office still have to go to Nongstoiñ when they need to.
Umshangiar have qualified for the final of the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA).
The money was recovered at 9 pm last night from a person and the money and the person were handed over to the Election Commission for further investigation.
Replying to a question whether the government is following up or not, the Minister said that the government is monitoring the matter and the Minister replied that the department has also sent a letter to the The government has decided to allocate this money for the month of April, so that the government can pay for the completion of this work.
Jowai, November 03: The Skill India Digital (DPI) under the Digital Platform Infrastructure (DPI) is part of the Union Government's strategy to encourage children to stand on their own feet and set up their own businesses in the country. .
At NEPA, police officers from neighboring countries, such as Bangladesh and Myanmar, are also trained.
From the interview with Bah Commander Shangpliang Producer, it is clear that this film will be beautiful and will sell well and there are many people who have learned about this who want to watch this film. the fourth of Commander Shangpliang.
Chairman of the FFT, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, said that the inspection of the Umiam project will be very important as it is the largest electricity project in the state.
Our leaders who don’t speak Khasi are the cause of these.
Besides, a meeting was held with the teachers, members of PGSU and decided to send the members of NEHUSU out of the Guest House.
The reason for the Jirang MLA's meeting with the DC was after the Assam government announced that there are more than 19 lakh people who have been counted as foreigners and foreigners. Regarding the meeting with the DC, the Jirang MLA urged the DC to send more attention to those villages which are on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, because if no one takes care at this time, there will be many of these people who are not on the NRC list, who will take the opportunity to settle in those villages on the border.
In the Khasi religion, there is no religious climate, except for the human climate.
Shillong, July 25 : U Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA today said that the issues of the state such as the Inner Line Permit and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India need to be addressed. encourage and take action to monitor them.
On the statement of Dr Aman War, Bah Sanbor said that it was a misleading statement and said that he has great respect for the staff of the health department. , who are fighting against this disease.
He said that armed incidents have decreased because in the last five years more than 8900 members of armed groups have surrendered and re-entered the society. give a message to the whole country that there is a close relationship between peace and prosperity and without these, no state can develop.
Advertisement No:- MPSC/ADVT-38/1/2019-2020/31 (Date:- 22-07-2019)Post Name:- Stenographer Grade–INo of posts:- 3Department:- Meghalaya Civil Secretariat.
You can't wait long if you have to take money to buy electricity.
It is learned that government officials and officers usually get the last seat to speak at any meeting in Delhi and the reason is because the States have been selected according to the similarity of characters and Therefore, when West Bengal receives the name of the chess player, it will be able to take part in the speech at the necessary meetings before the Government of India in Delhi.
“At present, there are about 40 candidates from the party, but the party leadership will sit down to decide before announcing the names,” he said.
Mawlai continued to score the first goal of the match when Dajiedlang Wanshnong (18', 31', 39) scored a hat-trick in the second half, while Khongriah (11', 62') and Kenstar Kharshong (13', 79') scored two goals.
We have worked for the people and we will continue to serve them.
“We hope that your government will justify the demand and take the necessary measures to withdraw the state from conducting CUET and not to use the CUET examination for admission to classes in the state. There is no school in the state,” the petition said.
No Entry will be affected only for the LMVs.
The reason why I have to say this is because those who marry the French/Dkhar don't walk according to the customs and traditions of the two cases, they just sit and follow the teachings of the religion. .
It is for this reason that it is a golden opportunity for the unemployed, especially for the youth to strive to find ways and means how to enter this industry.
The report said that the truck caught fire after some of the drivers burnt cigarettes or beer and the truck caught fire.
The incident happened at 2 pm when a group of wild elephants entered the village in search of food.
He said that the Umladkhur Village Employment Committee has recently received the most innovative award for implementing the fish farm using the 100 days job card scheme.
Therefore, regarding these two roads in the Raid Madan Kyrdem area, we hope that not only will the work start soon but there will be no interruption in the work. , or from any spirit on the other side.
The Planning Commission of the country has allocated T.87.16 crore for the project.
Speaking at the 129th meeting of Banks in the state, Dev said the government has learned that big banks do not harass loan applicants but find excuses to harass them. and because the youth did not get a leader, the youth left and after that, the blame went to the prime minister and the government.
KSU Shangpung has arranged to distribute this award on the 5th July 2021 at the same venue and at 11:30 Am.
However, no one seems to be concerned about planting trees to preserve the greenery.
Age is only a number, but the love should show the new love of the two.
Shillong, July 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has written to the Chairman and Director of MeECL, Lumjingshai regarding the invitation for appointment in the department.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer, Shillong in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, as part of the celebration of the Independence Day, Day Run 2019 on 15th July, 2019 starting from Fire Brigade Ground from 6.30 pm.
On the opening day of the Sports Meet, men's football and women's mawpoint were played.
“My aim is to employ the youth of the village and there are youths in the village who have completed their studies in Tourism and also who have completed training as guides.
This year marks the 160th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the Pnar fighter who was executed by the British Government at Iawmusiang.
He said the meeting also decided to support the Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) to continue to fight and appeal to the Supreme Court. The High Court has ruled that the Rangbah Shnongs are directly affected by the decision of the High Court.
“There have also been complaints of felling of trees in the same area and the Deputy Commissioner has been directed to conduct a thorough investigation into this matter,” Dalal said.
"He has shown his talent in football, whether in the state or abroad, and we are delighted to work with him with Mumbai City.
He said it was through the vision of the Prime Minister that the North East of the country has now experienced peace and has begun to recover from the illegal activities of various armed groups.
Even if the teachers don't have those questions from the textbook, they feel guilty if they don't pass the SSLC examination. MBOSE will not set those questions in the final examination (SSLC).
God blessed Man and Woman.
“Even poor women have to go to Goalpara or even Guwahati just to get tested, those who have illnesses during pregnancy, those who have to give birth and those who are sick. due to inadequate medical facilities," he said.
“We have been selling in the evening since 5 or 6 pm and we have been sitting in a place where there is no restriction on the movement of the people but they don't allow us anymore,” said Bah S Warbah. One of the Khasi youths who earned his living in Khyndai Lad.
“One of the Khasi tyngshops who spoke for the film, Birbol Basaiawmoit, said, “The dialogue I say that I remember and I think is, 'If there is no If you are a brew who has a brew like you, then the world will speak to you?, that is the dialogue.
R Warjri, together with Parliamentary Secretary WD Sangma, held a similar meeting in connection with the preparations for the Independence Day celebrations this year.
And gradually, I felt as if I had been thrown into those places where people used to tell stories, those Labor Camps, those places of work.
Praising the work of the TMC candidate from Mowkaiaw, Lasting Suchiang, Mukul said that their candidate is a villager.
On the allegation that he is the most corrupt prime minister, Dr Mukul said, “In fact, it is not for me to explain, my case should be taken to court. “I don't know what to say, but what will happen we will see,” he said.
“As I have seen that during the lockdown, many poor children living in rural areas face serious problems due to the lack of mobile phones and lack of network. “It's time for me to publish this book to help such students,” he said. He said that as a young teacher, he has tried to publish this book and He invited other scholars who have more knowledge to contribute to the writing of the history of the nation.
When we meet such people, it makes us think positively about them.
At the same time, it raises a big question mark how the education system in the state will be if the teachers continue to strike like this.
The failure of this government has been seen by many commentators on social media and also through the media.
If we are tired of reading one subject, we should read another subject and we should decide for ourselves how to prepare a book because if we prepare a book, it will explain to us.
To prevent this, the EM has warned the forest workers to take responsibility for the work assigned to them and to sign the contract and if there is still a tree felling, they will be cut down. take strong action against those who stigmatize their duties.
BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh received 95,909 votes, AAP candidate Amerington Kharshiing received 8812 votes, CPI candidate Richard D Shabong received 7418 votes, Ivoryna Shylla IND received 7418 votes and Denish Siangshai IND received 7418 votes. he received 5092 votes.
Therefore, the farmers appeal to the government authorities through the Department of Agriculture to open the door to assist them in any area according to their ability. They have decided that there will be no suffering or death in the coming years because this year they don't have the opportunity to improve their fields or fields because They have finished their journey in this year.
Yashpal then tried to put Sikkim in the lead after scoring 53 runs.
Rangdajied FC forward Bansanbha Khongsdam had several chances to shock the defenders of Nongthymmai in the first half but could not score.
In this regard, Conrad K. Sangma has met with members of the Sylhet Chambers of Commerce, the Commerce Minister of Bangladesh Tipu Munshi and the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Munshi. None.
The State Government has introduced the plan after rejecting a proposal on June 25, 2022 from the Harijan Panchayat Committee, which also requested about 200 square meters of land for each household of the 342 houses within the European Ward and to spend on the construction of these houses.
“In fact, on November 18, 2018, the Sordar had just held a ceremony to honor him because he had escaped from suspension from the KHADC. “It's a good idea to have a discussion and a decision on the tree felling,” said Bah Nongspung.
This man is truly Christ, The savior of the world.
“It doesn't make sense to be a Rangbah Shnong with fear. We need brave leaders, but we don't have to be stupid, we have to walk in the right path,” said Ardent.
Cleaning of villages, streets and markets especially, such as Iewduh and other markets as well.
In the U-17 Boys' final, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Wapung Higher Secondary School 2-1 while in the U-17 Girl's, Khliehriat Higher Secondary School beat Lotus 1-0 Secondary School, Dienchynrum.
Instead of T.174.15 crore, it has released only T.156.73 crore.
“The voice of the people around the area has been heard that they want change as usual in other areas,” said Dr Don.
There have been 39,726 new cases and 154 deaths in the past 24 hours. There have been 20,654 recoveries. the Government of India.
They also said that this season they have received a lot of support from the state government through the Tourism Department and at the same time from Puma.
Zakir Hussain Hospital, which is a specialized hospital for covid patients, had 150 patients at the time of the incident.
The cold weather has caused severe snowfall in the Smit area, where after the measurements, it was found that the temperature has reached -2, -3 and the cold has increased. tyngeh until the day of God, but now, on the day of God, it has become colder, but the rain has not turned into water.
(ii) At that time the temple was covered with a cover. Inside this cover the high priest sat.
Shylla also alleged that the Meghalaya government has been bought by the Khar Kaia and it is up to the Khar Kaia what they do and that is why the farmers are being harassed. However, most of the government in Meghalaya has been bought by the Khar Kaia, in Meghalaya it has been ruled by the big businessmen, the Khar Kaia have bought the government,” said Bah Shylla.
It happened one day when he had an argument with his wife in front of two male villagers who were suspected to be menshohnoh.
In the past, many researchers have searched for articles on how human behavior affects the economy, which is called Behavioral Economics.
The Durand Cup is held annually and was first started in Shimla in
The JCCRP has decided to send a memorandum to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to suggest or demand that the State Government should change the Reservation Policy of the State to 90 percent for all Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in any job and 10 percent for other ethnic groups, 40 percent for Khasi, Jaintia, 40 percent for Garo and 20 percent for others.
In this government, there will not be a single Minister or MLA from the ruling party who will dare to oppose or criticize the Chief Minister.
I Kong Leba, who has followed closely and has seen, or experienced for herself, has seen that “U Nongialam” which she wrote without hesitation or hesitation, in Mawphor dated .21, she says, he must be “wise and understanding.
Because of this, the workers have become so poor that they cannot afford to pay their rent anymore, they find it difficult to feed their children and provide for the needs of the household.
He said that this celebration of this special day will be a reminder that they should not be looked down upon but should be treated as fellow human beings. she can leave her children but she loves them every day.
The findings suggest that part of the reason for this is the prevalence of rheumatoid arthritis and genetic factors," Prof Todd said.
Bangladesh Foreign Minister AK Abdul Momen has strongly criticized Indian Home Minister Amit Shah's remarks that there are many Bangladeshis who have come to Bangladesh. Momen said that Shah's knowledge of the situation of the people in Bangladesh is still very limited.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “We welcome the decision of the people, whether it is on the defeat from Tura and Shillong Lok Sabha seats as well.
The newspaper also claimed that the name has been removed many times.
Khliehriat, November 17 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of November in East Jaintia Hills District.
When asked about the border dispute, Dr Aman said, “If you talk about the border issues now that we have got a state, how did we get this state, is it only the Assam government that signed and said that this it is part of the State, yes! It has been passed by a law in Parliament and when it has been passed, the boundary is clear and I want to know exactly what those areas are in dispute and who brought this dispute - whether it is from the of us or the other side-We have to look at it again".
BSF troops of Nongkhen BOP on the 21st at 8:30 pm seized 25 cows while patrolling the border at Dawki Police Station.
The son of the tribe is also one.
The MSL will start from 27th November to 21st November 2019 in Khliehriat, Mawkyrwat, Jowai and Resubelpara.
In a letter sent to the MRD on the government's failure to curb the insurgency, the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma did not say anything else to the HNLC. it and the government it officially announced a day before the country’s Independence Day celebrations.
“I would like to thank the Chief Minister of Assam for the work that has been accomplished by the Assam government.
Speaking on the contribution and works of Thomas Jones I, Pastor Langstieh said that God who sent Thomas Jones is a servant who meets the urgent needs of the people.
According to him, the state government should have conducted a thorough research before implementing these NCERT books. Therefore, the state government should conduct a thorough review before implementing these NCERT books. The HYC also honored the winners of various competitions including the short story and essay writing competitions organized by the Socio Cultural Cell of the Council.
He said that the army and the health department are still searching for high risk contacts with the BSF soldier. So far, there are 9 cases in the state. Five cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District, one in Ribhoi District, two cases in South West Garo Hills District and one case in East Jaintia Hills District.
At that time another scooter came out from the right side and I prepared a little to release the scooter. but at that time a Gypsy with a police car in front of me drove away and when I adjusted the steering wheel a little bit to make it more On the other side of the road, a blue car came running and it hit the front of my car.
From time to time, the district administration has issued guidelines to curb the spread of COVID-19 and various villages have taken steps to assist the district administration in implementing the guidelines.
In this meeting, the two organizations demanded that the government through the DC, to create ways and means to release the people from the curfew and to implement a curfew instead of Many of the people especially the poor and needy are suffering from the lack of opportunity to earn a living.
“If the Government wants to run forward, it will take the best, but if it tries to run backwards, we too will have to run together by any means.
BJP leader and Minister of State AL Hek has expressed his confidence that the National People's Party (NPP) will win from Shillong as well as from Tura parliamentary constituency.
“Bangladeshis used to come to India at night,” said residents of the border area.
Shillong, July 12: The three-day training course for Level O coaches came to an end on Sunday at the MCA Cricket Ground in Polo.
However, all of us have fallen into these political traps.
Four candidates have contested the election including Bluebell Sangma of the Congress, Philipole Marak of the National People's Party (NPP), Kalpana Marak, wife of Clifford Marak of the Garo National Council (GNC) and Thinkerman Marak. .
He said that the cause of the fire is unknown, because at the time of the sudden fire, no one saw whether it was caused by the explosion of gas cylinders or by a lightning strike. electrical.
The tournament organized by the Sports Department of the State Government will be held on the 26th and 29th of July.
Many other parts of the state have received heavy rains which have caused losses in many places especially to agricultural products.
Leviticus 23:24.
Speaking to Rupang, Nongrem said there is no law prohibiting the leader of the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) from becoming the Speaker of the House. He said that he has no intention of resigning as the Chairman of the District Council in the coming days.
This happened during the MUA government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
We have seen that in many constituencies, whether they belong to national or regional parties, there is chaos, division and misunderstanding among the supporters of the same party even in the same constituency. constituency too.
The National Executive Committee (NEC) has discussed many issues related to the North Eastern Region of India and the state. National President JP Nadda has decided to extend his term of office until the end of the Lok Sabha elections
“It is also unfortunate to say that Meghalaya has been ruled from Delhi, where the observers from Delhi have been looking at the maps on computers and this is the reason why many of the Congress MLAs have been ruled by the government. “It's just a matter of sitting on the floor because the affairs of the state are being conducted in Delhi,” said Bah Paul.
Khliehriat: Jennifer Chyrmang, a resident of Khliehriat West, EJHD, has been arrested for allegedly stealing money from FKJGP Khliehriat Circle and One Stop Center Social Welfare, Khliehriat. and she left her husband, and had three children.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 31: In conjunction with the World No Tobacco Day 2022, the theme “Tobacco is a Danger to the Environment” and the Sawdong Sawkun,” was held today at the hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
There is no PRC but only the PPRC in West Garo Hills which is operational for only 12 months.
Khliehriat November 6: The Environment Coordination Committee of Sutnga District invites all the people who are concerned to come and join hands in the march to be held on the 15th of this month in East Jaintia Hills District. The march will start from 1 Kilo to the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
Bah Bawan said that the party has not received any donation but it is the money that remains and even today the party has not been able to pay.
Nongstoiñ: Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat in a meeting with reporters today clarified the statement of the Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma to the state government on the coal mining industry. Dr. Mukul Sangma said that he didn't have anything else to say.
Through this public meeting, the leaders of these four political parties, were able to explain to the public about the danger to the jaidbynriew from the CAA which has been forcibly implemented by the central government and which could also cause danger. The Khasi people, who are still a small paid people.
Ram Passah (10), Shamiki Myrchiang (41) and Lodestar Mukhim (50) scored the goals.
In an interview with the trainees, Neelam praised the dedication of the trainees and said that this training will help them to increase their income.
Vegetables provide nutrients that build the body and are essential for health and support the body.
#OperationAjay gets underway.212 citizens onboard the flight are enroute New Delhi.
“It has been seen so far that all the villages in Block-II (Raid Nongtung) have been included in the Electoral Roll of Meghalaya despite the fact that it is a border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. .
After his withdrawal from the current tournament, Chopra expects to return to the tournament in Turku; Finland will host the Paavo Nurmi Games on July
The four villages which have accepted the signboard are Nongjri, Umniuhtmar, Nongshken and Lyngkhat.
These include 39 cases in Bakur, 4 cases in Dongmihsngi, 6 cases in Lailyngdoh Amlarem, 4 cases in Mihmyntdu and 11 cases in Nongtalang; There are also 4 cases in West Khasi Hills.
India has rejected the decision of the Nepalese Parliament and considered it unfounded and a contrary decision from 20th June
He said that the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) needs to be strengthened at the main entry points into the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills sector through East Jaintia Hills district.
Of these 78 persons, 75 persons have been arrested and these include 19 women, while three persons are still under police investigation.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Eastern Border Area, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to discuss the issue of Assam in the Khasi villages. , which is located in Block-2, Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, the Seiñ invites all the 12 Daloi from various departments of the Seiñ Raij, President/Secretary/Langdoh Niam, Daloi Niam and Pator Niam to attend this General Meeting of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij Bride.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Monday morning urged the Sudanese authorities to fight as hard as they can to end the violence in Sudan. the battle had not yet consumed all the souls in the area.
T.Thangkhiew, District Development Manager, NABARD, urged the people to take advantage of the loans provided by the banks and to pay exactly the loans they receive from the banks especially the KCC. long so small.
It will be a source of joy and sympathy for the speaker.
Not only the people but we see that they criticize and threaten even the government ministers.
Kali was arrested yesterday and police are investigating.
you party pigs.
The relatives of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew said that they want a fair trial on the incident especially when the two sons of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew were also involved in the incident. Police came to search the step and allegedly said that they were the aides of Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew.
Many of the problems faced by the MDA government including the border issue, the problems of teachers and others were created by the previous government, but the government is struggling to resolve these problems.
No degree is required.
In this raid, BSF troops of 172 Battalion seized 190 bottles of Phensedyl while the smugglers were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh through the border of East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
Through the resignation of Nath, the opportunity has opened for the BJP to form a government in the state.
That is the power of freedom, justice and truth.
This year, not only the tyrpad leaves, but also the synsar farmers have to appear all day long for the harvested crops. in the ground floor of the house, because they don't know at all, about the sudden storm of nature, such as the snowfall or the rainfall, which is happening more and more these days in the Riwar area.
Shillong, Naitung 26: UDP Mylliem Constituency President Hamlet Dohling has written to the Chief Engineer, PWD (R&B), Shillong demanding that the department should repair the Upper Road. Shillong has been destroyed.
If it is in the dances, the children who know how to make things will be taught to improve and so on, in the skills that the students have.
She said that gradually the residents of these areas will lose even their drinking water wells and what will happen to the future generations, because these companies do not have STP. The WHRS project will also affect the sound effects of the WHRS project, which will affect especially the young children. and also concerning their sleep.
Shillong, June 05: Ka BJYM Meghalaya has demanded from the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha that the government should set up a cyclone inspection team to ensure that the people affected by the cyclone can get the assistance without being allowed by the government.
“Ampareen, as a former Congress leader, to join hands with the BJP, has made it clear who rejected the Congress or whether she rejected the Congress,” said Pala.
“We feel that the teachers' strike has affected us children who still need our education every day,” they said.
5 kilos of foodgrains (wheat or rice) free of charge to about 80 crore beneficiaries under NFSA for 8 months (June-November 2020), ensuring food security to poor households , who have lost their income due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country.
Furthermore, in the Super Division points table, Pyndeng-rei continues to be the leading team among other teams with 13 points from five games.
On the 27th of June, the officer summoned Bah Sokon to come to the office without giving any reason.
“After careful discussion, the meeting felt that dialogue is the way to resolve any misunderstanding,” said Bah SD Khongwir.
On the other hand, Kong Kharshiing said that she has no intention of appealing against this.
The CEO said that 63763 voters have newly applied to register through Form 6 before the end of the Special Summary Revision for
On November 13, the High Court will hear the case again.
And shall desire to die, and death SHALL FLEET FROM THEM.Revelation 9:1-1
He asserted that the Catholic faith is the mystery that through the Mass of the Priest at the altar transforms the Bread and Wine into the body and blood of Jesus and whoever eats the body and drinks it. the blood of Jesus shall have eternal life, he said.
This time, it was reported that the transformer, has been broken for two months, but earlier in 2017, it had broken down for 10 months and now in the 4th month, it has broken down again. The transformer has been replaced in the 11th month, but even after six months, the transformer has broken down again.
On the other hand, the Sumo Drivers Association in Nongpoh, has expressed its deep sorrow, after the search of the KSU members, many of the Sumo drivers who used to operate from Nongpoh-Shillong have been arrested on duty. This has affected the income of the Sumo and especially those Sumo which are paid monthly.
It was also clear that all the villages and the people have respected the Government Act which has been issued to each village.
Daniel Khongsit, President of the War Jaintia Waheh Shnong Union, said that the opposition to the Mynkjai garbage dump has been going on for a long time, but now the opposition has become stronger.
So far, there are 17,000 people who have benefited when they need emergency treatment and need to be treated and the benefits have reached more than Rs 10 crore,” said Dr Pawar.
“How do you feel.
Shillong, March 31 : The NPP candidate from Sohra, Bah Allan West Kharkongor on Monday urged the Chief Minister and Symbud Chief Minister to send a Christmas greeting to the people of Sohra area from the district.
