Therefore, the group needs the support of the public so that they can continue to showcase their talents and the group requests the supporters to subscribe and share their videos.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today welcomed the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya on corruption in the appointment of teachers. There have been many commissions on the shooting of Fullmoon Dhar, the shooting of Mookhep, the murder of Ajaju, Political Secretary of the ANVC. The HNLC has said that Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is at the forefront of corruption, should be sentenced to life imprisonment with the HNLC. “As a government minister, she will serve the people”.
On the other hand, Sayeed Mohammed Sadulla, Premier of Assam (whom we call Chief Minister after 1950) in his speech in Parliament at the same time as the draft Sixth Schedule was ratified, said that this act of violence. He urged the members of the Constituent Assembly who will continue after 1950 to arrange and fulfill the agreements and promises under the IOA & AA.
Raplangki Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Khliehriat West in the 82nd minute.
Other speakers were Director of Social Welfare Department, CD Lyngwa, MCS, Bah RR Lyngkhoi, Minister of Mawkyrwat Village and Bah E. Tariang. gave words of greeting.
At Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Methodius Dkhar, MLA and Chairman of Meghalaya Transport, unfurled the Lama of India and took the National Salute of the 16 parade contingent including police and school children at the Riangdo playground.
It will also be the first time that Holy Angles Secondary School, Bhoirymbong, Ribhoi District has been ranked fifth in the Top 20 through Lañiewkyrpang Nongrum, who has received distinction in English, Mathematics and Mathematics. Science and technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education bad Khasi.
After the arrest, the suspects were arrested and charged under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
“If a State has elections, a Model Code of Conduct has come into force which prohibits the conduct of development works.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Sadar Police Station, Babu Babitdor expressed his regret over the summons by the police. is from contract school teachers.
The Word of God says: If there be famine in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be pestilence, or plague, mildew, or pestilence; If the enemy besiege them in the land of their gates; there shall be no death, nor any sickness.
Police have arrested these three trucks while they were carrying coal from the coal mine in violation of the NGT order. Police have arrested the owner of the mine identified as Paulus Dkhar and his drivers. .
However, I beg you once again that you don't throw stones at me or look at me.
The President of the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit has confirmed that he will discuss this issue later after the completion of the other issues,” said the President of the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit.
The election of the Speaker of the Sohiong Assembly Constituency has been postponed pending the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
He also advised the youth of the district to focus on sports and also to be free from any alcoholic beverages and as the youth of the district they should be responsible for their families. , the village and the district as a whole.
It is reported that some of her family members, who are close to her, have also contracted the disease.
This will be a memorable occasion in history that due to the 10 days protest of Bah Ardent, the government has decided to set up an Expert Committee on the Reservation Policy. or the employment share of the State.
The Minister also informed that the government intends to introduce a different implementation program known as the Green Meghalaya program and the check will be distributed in connection with this implementation. .
Debate – Saidnia in which members of the Legislative Assembly participate in a debate and discussion on social issues in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday announced that the incumbent MLA of Mylliem, Bah Hamlet Dohling will contest from Mylliem. the NPP in the MLA elections next year.
The patient is from Spanish Garden, Guwahati and has traveled to many places and has infected many people. The search for the source of the disease is ongoing. .
One should not turn to the judgment of the other, otherwise the rule of law and justice will be destroyed.
SP City (Crime) Vivek Syiem confirmed that the incident was a murder.
Therefore, those who have converted have to follow the mission to teach others and they have worked very hard.
According to Deborah, the central government has not released the salary and for this reason the state government has not been able to pay the salary to the SSA teachers. , has taken the initiative to discuss with the Central Government from time to time on this issue and will now hold a meeting on this issue.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Minister of Hima Mylliem, who is in charge of the cleanliness of the market, today visited the water drain at Mawlong Market which flows from the market to the motor area.
The second runner up was won by Eve Syeimleih from Nongpoh, Ribhoi District.
Furthermore, Bah BB Makdoh has warned these two channels and other YouTube channels that are popular these days not to publish such false news which could affect the reputation of the a man and misleads the people.
“Those people who used to enter the shops with the permission of the Hima Mylliem will now be unable to stay from July 1,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Elnathan W.Lyngkhoi, General Secretary of NEHUSU, said, “The ICC which has been appointed by the UGC to look into and hear cases related to violence against women does not exist in the country. He said the Women's Cell at NEHU, which is affiliated with the ICC, has no intention of looking into such issues.
Shillong, November 02: BSF troops have seized jain saris smuggled to Bangladesh from Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills on the India-Bangladesh border.
“According to the keynote address of the Sacred Heart Girls School, it is said that there were six sisters who first came to the North East in 1923 and now it is 100 years old.
On this occasion, medals were also awarded to the winners.
The salaries of Computer Teachers can be subsidized to exempt school children from paying fees in accordance with the RTE's plan to exempt all school fees.
“In the past few years, the village has been free from traffic problems, due to the road, but as in the past, we have faced many problems, especially “It is a far away area to get to Patharkhmat or Rani Bari for the purpose of getting the patients to the hospitals,” said the elders.
Because the party does not want to take action on this issue, it has handed over to its fellow MDCs to discuss.
The reason why the crowds criticized Jesus was because when they welcomed him, he did not praise or bless them.
The deceased is the husband of Kong Rapkmen, Borsingh Tyngkan who died in hospital after suffering a serious illness.
The SP said that the gang of robbers had taken the driver of the truck to ISBT or Umïam to transport the jhur.
It was also found that the maintenance of the road by the employees of the National Highway Authority of India has just been completed and the stones have been piled up on the road at Umkiang.
If you don't file a PIL in the High Court or Supreme Court, the government will be punished in front of the whole of India.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh urged all the faithful of the Diocese of Jowai to cooperate with the new Bishop for the prosperity of the Diocese and the society.
In November 2022, the village’s new executive committee issued a letter to factory owners, with requests on documentation requirements and keeping up with the village’s regulations to reduce in waste generation .
In this regard, the General Secretary of AJSU, PS Phawa has informed the SP of WJH, but the police have not yet found anything.
Prestone said it was not necessary because after the signing of the MoU, the next step is that the Survey of India will start the survey in collaboration with the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
We cannot pray together.
“But as the government we must ensure that the law will do what is necessary.
What is more special about this polling station in Mawponghong, is that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has taken action on the same day of the polling station. corona vaccine for people who have not yet been injected, or who have just received the first injection.
The training was conducted by NelPS at Mynthong, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the government and the District Council have also agreed to appoint such intellectuals and experts to create rules to ensure that the beauty of nature is not affected in the state and also to preserve the nature. for the sake of the future generation not to lose all these things in the name of prosperity.
Ms. Nidahun P Swer gave a training on the topic of despair which can lead to suicide.
Tongkhar said Langpih will be difficult to resolve due to the presence of Nepali residents who want to go to Assam.
On 19 November, in his Champions League debut against Juventus, he was sent off in the 29th minute for a foul.
However, after a while, the driver of the bus and some of the passengers started speaking insultingly about her and her religious dress and their religious beliefs.
This we can find in the Gospel according to Mark 14:36 ​​“And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup of mine; yet not what I will, but what thou wilt.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “This is a temporary measure.
“Your reply must reach the signatory within two days otherwise you will be punished,” said the RO. that you are a government servant as defined in Section 21 of the Indian Penal Code,
“I want to state categorically here that the two, the bridge and the dam-are safe," Goyal said.
Then the Kongthei understood that there was something wrong with Bah Deng and Lanosha.
This is what happens in the Legislative Assemblies, where there are religious discussions and discussions which should not be made public, but should be discussed first by the members of the Assembly.
Only God can know everything in the world. It is better to die than to die than to sin...It is better to die than to die without sin.
We have seen in the newspapers that the Meghalaya government will digitize the land titles of the people of Meghalaya to link with the Digital India Land Record Modernization Programme. who have a lot of land but many who are still poor, lack of education and lack of money.
In the second leg, St. Anthony's College beat BBS College 2-1
The Shnong has produced teachers in Secondary Schools, one Brother and one Sister religious, there have also been those who have passed from colleges and those who have tried to do their own jobs in various fields to stand on their own feet. feet.
Rahan Ali had lodged a complaint that on 12th June, his motorcycle (AS-17M-0711) had disappeared from the Maternity Hospital, Tura while Chasin Marak had lodged a complaint. On the 17th of June, his motorcycle (ML-08H-3266) went missing from Tikrikilla, West Garo Hills.
It would be wrong if the Government used force, but through many means the Government can speak to convince and convince the people.
We strongly condemn the bloodthirsty people and these menshohnoh should be imprisoned for many years.
At this meeting, the Top Um was donated by Bah Hamlet Dohling along with the donation of the residents of the village.
She said that this government is now a government that has a vision to promote sports and is now in the midst of the struggle to improve sports facilities in each district.
The Minister said that the loan taken by MeECL and MePDCL from REC Ltd is T.193.43 crore and from PFC Ltd T.193.43 crore, a total of T.386 crore. The interest rate on this loan is T.9.50% and the interest rate to be paid to these two companies is T.3.06 crore per month.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Chief Secretary of the BJYM Meghalaya has demanded the immediate suspension of Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare Department, for allegedly participating in the praise and speech at the meeting of the BJYM Meghalaya. Congress party in Lawbah, Mawsynram constituency.
It would be justice for the people if the government can remove all the iit iong from the vehicles.
However, after discussions with the leaders of the KSU Mawlai circle, the authorities have decided to stop the proposal to sell the hill to the Assam Rifles.
He said that so far 7500 members have surrendered in Assam alone, and there will be 750 more today, so the surrender of more than 8200 members in Assam alone is the beginning of the era. new of peace and harmony.
The value of man is so high that no matter whether he is white or black, no matter what religion he belongs to, God does not look at that but at the soul of man which is close to God.
Same machine, same nos, same test equipment.
Ribait Lhuid (11), Nidaia Dhar (48) and Baiahluti Dhar (92) scored for Lutituber.
“It is not an easy task because this requires the will of the government and the MDA government has that will and will take the talks to another level," he said.
It is only in this way that we can get the true legislators, and we will lose all kinds of corruption, deceit, fraud, Bai Sha, corruption.
The match will be played between Demthring and Moosyiem Shangpung at 2 pm.
Even if those 11 villages are inhabited by other non-Khasi ethnic groups, they should obey and agree that while those villages are still under the Khasi Hima, they should be within Meghalaya.
It doesn't matter that their politics will not go without my name.
Shillong: The Mukhaialong Dorbar Shnong together with the DFO Wildlife Office Jowai today held a tree planting ceremony within the boundary of the Mukhaialong Pohblai Community Reserved (MPCR) as part of the celebration of World Environment Day .
Meanwhile, a group of teachers managed to reach the Secretariat and this group of more than 1000 teachers stood in front of the Secretariat itself.
Speaking to media, Bah Martle said that 40% of the Khasi and 40% of the Garo are in fact 80% of the Khasi and Garo. the same share without distinction between the two or if they are divided by discrimination against ethnic groups, they shall be given according to their income.
The Forum said it has been monitoring the incident on the border where schools of Christian churches have been closed. The government has informed the Chief Secretary of the state. He said that he has spoken to the Chief Secretary of Assam to resolve the issue so that there will be no incident that will cause disruption to the peace and order.
Although there is no Act, the Government has introduced some amendments and amendments to the rules and regulations of the country introduced by the Government of India.
According to him, the NEP also includes Vocational which means that it will include subjects even to teach jobs.
Another method of making dumasla leaves is called the rack curing method.
If you get an ILP, you will be arrested without a court and go to jail.
When asked how many Professional Tax payers there are, the EM replied that there are 19,4
The incident occurred after a clash on the road near DHS and after a complaint was lodged at Laitumkhrah Police Station alleging that the police did not accept the FIR. The District Sports Officer of North Garo Hills District on Friday held the finals of the District Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup. Football Tournament 2023 will be held at the Mini Stadium in Resubelpara.
Speaking of football, Meghalaya is famous for this sport and many say that Meghalaya is the home of football and football.
The Voice of People's Party (VPP) candidate and President Ardent M Basaiawmoit has promised that if the VPP comes to power in 2023 under the leadership of the people, he will investigate the expenditure of the VPP. government the money of the people.
but this young man did the part that God sent according to His Word in the Bible.
How can we say that the Government of India has done well, it has done nothing.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: Sailung Ïalong SC has won the 1st Division Football Tournament-2022 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday. Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Medalin said she had received permission from the Syiem in 2014 to build a shop there and they had asked for permission for a long time but the last time they reminded her was in
“Only at 8 pm, I don't want to shop, because of the theft, drug addicts turn the market into a place of entertainment because the village has been closed down,” said the resident. store.
Prizes were also awarded to the 3 winners of the Poetry Competition on the theme 'The Benefits of Yoga in Everyday Life'
The owners also happily released their coal which had been stored for a long time in the field, but when those Malik heh left, the owners of the bapli had to throw shyllang in surprise to find it. that their coal had been bought expensively with a counterfeit five hundred rupees.
In a statement, the government admitted that after sending a letter, it is still waiting for the reply of the central government.
So to become rich everyone wants and chases it.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya today decided to provide compensation to the families who have lost their loved ones in the Covid-19 pandemic. you can't pay T.50,0
Friends of Sawkmie who were nearby said, “We are sorry to blame the Hima Mylliem, we live from the market, we send our children to school from the market, we get all the necessities at home. If you don't accuse me of doing so, I'll stop those people here from coming to the market.
John 4:1-42.
He said that besides the IPC and the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956, there are other laws and therefore the IO has to know the provisions of these laws.
Therefore, Bah Titos Chyne blessed the college for the progress of the college and urged the students of the college to work hard in their studies and to make the most of their talents. They have especially the two students who have been honored for their participation in other venues and who have also brought victory.
It is important to include a wide variety of vegetables, fruits, and vegetables in your diet.
On the other hand, referring to the fact that the buyers eat the meat of shaiñ and snier,” he said, “The meat of the body is blood...the buyers also eat the meat.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) today continued its protest by staging a sit-in in front of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to demand the government's resignation. This is the Tax Gate.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the state has suffered severely in the past years due to the disease.
Lalu's remarks have caused a lot of laughter among the journalists.
The Israel Defense Force (IDF) has made it clear that it is preparing for air, land and sea fighting.
, but Rympei didn't give up and fought hard to defend the goal.
Shillong: The State Government, through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, is ready to distribute Home Quarantine Dairy to the Dorbar Shnongs and also to those residents who have returned home. who are coming in these days.
The Khasi shops are not clean.
Speaking to the people who gathered at these two venues, he spoke out against the NPP government and the promises of the TMC and INC. He said that only the BJP in the country has brought what it promised.
I will go to the constituency next month,” Khalsa told reporters.
We have learned of their intention through the media,” said CEM of GHADC Albinush R Marak.
Regarding this, the teacher and the school authorities have urged the school authorities to take responsibility to get the results of these 9 students within these days. The union has also sent a statement to the school authorities to take responsibility to enroll the students in the colleges they want to go to.
" It was agreed with others inside the house.
Therefore, parents of young children and adults are urged to take action to prepare their children to go to the designated places for the purpose of issuing Aadhaar Cards and If their children or themselves do not have Birth Certificates, the people appointed by the government will help explain how to do it, to make it easier for the people.
Tusk defeated former Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki in the election and in recent years the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party has faced only criticism of Poland's a lot of things happen in this country.
The discoloration of the Rwiang River is due to the discharge of waste from a Ferroy Alloy factory.
Because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: because thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget the children of Israel. me.
During the meeting with the GSWS officers and the Joint Secretary of the UDP Youth Wing, they promised that the department will take action on the issue as soon as possible.
“This shows clearly that the party intends to disrupt the peace and order of the people especially during this Christmas season,” said Kong Warjri.
However, a few days later, the government sent a clarification to the Governor on the issues he wanted and sent back the VAB for his approval.
It is a fact that while the rich have become richer, the poor have become poorer, until they can no longer afford to have even their own land, which is only one foundation.
This is Number One, I see; This is Number Two, and this is Number Three.
They also said that as a riew rangbah, he should see the problem faced by the people regarding the overcrowding of the Bhoirymbong Market, in which he should urge the government to expedite the construction of the market. but this action of his, has caused a great loss to the whole area.
In this question, Saleng also asked for clarification on the increase in the price of plastic rice and beverages. Saleng, who is a Congress MLA, said that the price increase has increased after the end of the elections. MLA elections this year.
“Now Bah Ardent (Ex-MLA) has appeared again who never forgets to serve the people from time to time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor announced the work done by the Women's Wing and the women of the village for the glory of the village.
The Seven Seals have not yet happened.
Earlier, during the MP election, UDP youths including Hamlet Dohling, while speaking to reporters at Shillong Club, said that Hamlet “In Delhi, Arvind and in Shillong, Ardent”, he said after a fierce handshake between the UDP and HSPDP in the MP election. “The same drama has happened in Delhi and KHADC but the end result is the failure of the government,” he said while talking to reporters in the presence of UDP MDC Bah Donkupar. Sunday at Shillong Club.
The order was issued by the High Court on the Public Interest Litigation No. 6/2022, filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai against the Government of Meghalaya, JHADC, JMB and Urban Affairs Department on 07th June.
“When I was MDC, the VAB was introduced and there is a delay and we need to read the pending bills again and if necessary I will fight to move forward to talk to the government,” he said. .
This order of the District Magistrate shall remain in force until further notice.
Finally, it is more powerful to be an MP or MLA or MDC than to be in a pressure group.
St. Anthony's H.S.S. beat Christian Academy 5-0 with a tie breaker.
He said that earlier Meghalaya had been able to complete only 700 km of roads in 15 years but after the NPP took over the government between 2018 and 2022, up to 2000 km of roads have been completed in the state.
The HNLC leader said that the reason why the HNLC will take this step is because the coke factories in the area are corrupt in collaboration with people who have in politics and businessmen.
Nongpoh, Nailur 22: Four organizations including HANM, MPUF, RBYO and MPSO today visited Khanapara area in Ri Bhoi District to inspect the construction of a casino in Ri Bhoi District. District, that as the organizations have expressed their strong opposition and can no longer trust the government which has promised only words to stop the empty camp while three people have received a temporary license to set up the empty camp.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Basaïawmoit said that there are up to 20 candidates in some constituencies who have applied for tickets to contest the MDC elections in Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
The names of those arrested by the police have not yet been released, but they include the Chairman, the Commander-in-Chief, the General Secretary and the Area Commander of West Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills and 3 other members.
The BSF also informed that the smuggling of these goods and other anti-national activities is very common in these border areas especially in the evening.
In the fight against malnutrition and tobacco, the Cell has attracted the participation of 7,975 school children equivalent to the participation of 4.9 lakh skum children. against eating and drinking.
“In the past few days, I have gone to Garo Hill to raise the flag on the Independence Day.
Although the countries that have advanced in knowledge in the world are still looking for ways and means to overcome this disease, they have not yet been able to find a cure. to this disease.
After this, the ritual of 'Iadaw charoh' was performed with the thanksgiving, the suit and shor and the cutting of the heads of Charoh blai was also performed for the purpose of breaking to the places where the ancestors had buried.
The hearing was held on a bench of Justice Nazeer and Justice Murari.
Kharkongor also criticized the lack of action by PDF MLA Gavin Mylliem and UDP MDC Titosstarwell Chyne who is also the CEM at the same time.
Curbs, roads, bridges and other structures have been completely destroyed by the floods in Darrang and Morigaon.
“This issue related to the rights and migration of our Jaidbynriew is still pending before the High Court, where the Government of Meghalaya, HPC and other groups have tried to find ways. to settle together".
Because of this misunderstanding between parents and fathers especially the lack of time for parents to meet and discuss with their children has caused the children to be misled.
At present, the lack of railway in Khasi-Jaintia has made us rely only on trucks to transport all our food and beverages.
The Central Government also plans to provide financial assistance to Indian food processing companies through the Production Linked Incentive Scheme for Food Processing Industry (PLISFPI), a scheme worth T 10,900 crore.
“Despite our efforts to insist on our demands through the spokesperson, Bah Sadon Blah, the Government has shown indifference to our demands,” said the statement.
He said today is the third day of his protest and it has no effect on his health.
According to the law, the Governor can extend the term once notice within six months and after this, if still necessary, he can extend it again within six months.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: The plan to set up a BSF post in West Khasi Hills District has been ongoing until today. An emergency meeting was held at the DC office Nongstoin to discuss the matter.
So far, 577 children across the country have been orphaned by the deaths of their parents, said Smriti Irani, Minister of Women and Child Development. is in the calculation, which is from 1st June, to 25th January 2021.
The seminar was held at Wahkajer RCLP School.
Thamula you have asked everyone to translate science books into Khasi.
Do you think that God will still listen to the prayers of sinners? Even Israel, a blessed country, has not been protected by God from Corona, will He protect us? The children of Israel are given special honor by Christians around the world even though the majority in that country are Muslims and Jews.
He was accompanied by the Managing Director (MD) of MTDC, Bah Ciril V Lyngdoh and other officers of MTDC. In the past 10 years, the MTDC has collected revenue of Rs 6 crore from many units.
He has also led the country's U-19 team in the past years in
"The party will attend the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) meeting organized by the BJP in Guwahati on the 13th of this month.
The new office bearers of the Central Body for the year 2023-2026 are Rishandon Nongrum as President and Odicios Shullai as Vice President. , Kyrshanlang Nongbri as Working President, Banbhalang Mawiong as Secretary, Richbemous Rani as Organizing Secretary, Meshak Sungoh as Finance Secretary, Franky Nongrum as Sports Secretary, Jershai Marbaniang as Sports Secretary. Social Secretary, Public Secretary, Shestar Kharbani, Education Secretary, Pastor Lamborne Kharbudon and Splendor Sawkmie, Members of the Executive Committee. Bympher Lyndem, Evandor L. Nongpyur and Wankit Nongkynrih.
Since its inception in June this year, the Aspire Meghalaya program has distributed training to more than 9,000 students in nearly 45 schools in all 12 districts, and more than 160 skills the clothes were identifiable.
And I believe the leaders know exactly what alcohol is for.
About 30 teachers carrying flags started their procession from the Library to the VC's office in the Administrative Building of the university.
Almost all of us have understood the meaning of the word “Long trai”, so there is no need to explain to you the meaning of this word.
The HYC has no opinion that the delay in justice means the denial of justice, so we feel that this should not be delayed, so we demand that the report should be informed to the family. HYC President and Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin and Roykupar Synrem said that the investigation report should be completed as soon as possible.
Shillong: Congress MLAs have offered to support Jemino Mawthoh if he wins the Rajya Sabha seat on 26th October
However, since 2014-2015, the KHADC has not received any money from the state government.
He said he was not against MUDA because it is the only body that the government can abolish if it does not feel necessary.
These muids were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of West Jaintia and East Khasi Hills Districts.
We know and see that there are people (whether they may be family members or fellow church members or neighbors) who are rich from cheating or corruption and murder, but we praise, we Thank God for blessing them and we pray that he will bless them more and more.
Regarding this incident, it was learned that the Police from Ri-Bhoi District have rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation into the loss of these children's lives due to the fire. These children were released for postmortem examination after the family members requested permission from the District Administration to release them.
These include EKH: 22, WGH: 2, and WKH:
The channel is owned by Paila Kordor Lyngkot, President of the AJTCVA and Rilum Jaintia Traders Association (RJTA) and Ombormi L Tariang, President of the JYF and Sengbhalang in Jaintia Hills.
We have in these days, issues that affect the income of the people and these are those which no longer need to be asked from the people of the State, but which have been seen clearly and these include the apot morning of the people. then the infiltration of foreigners into the villages and then the violation of the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara people in various ways.
The funeral service will be held on 8.11.2022 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
Rosario Lopez Herraria at St Xavier's Convent Chapel, Tura.
However, even after the independence of the State in 1972, there was no possibility of restructuring to bring in the areas to be bordered with Meghalaya.
As a sign of respect to the government for its efforts to meet the demands, today they honored the Prime Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. After this programme, in the second part of the programme, the leaders of the The Editor of YUTIP newspaper MM Thaiang gave a welcome speech to the YUTIP newspaper. This union of day laborers will continue to serve.
He said that these illegal rnga burners along the road have not listened to the complaints of the residents who have been complaining from time to time but they continue to burn rnga on the road. road to this day.
The college has also set up donor cards of T.1000 and T.500 as a donation for the celebration of Alumni Day.
Therefore, the union requests the authorities to send it to work so that the people can easily carry the road and not just put mawria to entertain the people.
“As we have been able to make Khasi the Associate Language in the State, we will take another step to get recognition under the Constitution of India.
“To kabiang hi ...” Men Kmie said again. After drinking, he left the house.
All four of them fell into the water and their mother and children drowned, while two of them survived.
It is worth mentioning that recently, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun together with Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang and religious leaders, recently visited the funeral of one of the elders, who died of COVID-1 after seeing that people were more reluctant to go to help.
He said that a factory to be used as a timber mill will be set up in West Khasi Hills and the target is to complete it by
The JSM has warned MeECL to serve well not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, who confirmed that the ruling BJP in the state government intends to hold the Lok Sabha elections earlier, said, “We have be ready to go.
Where are the policies of the Government, although this state is rich in tourist attractions which are blessed by nature.
The Minister said that these changes will help in curbing violations of housing laws.
According to a source, on receiving the information, the Shahlang Police Station rushed to the forest to conduct a search operation. this is the pistol.
It has been found that all of them have the same symptoms of eating challan fish,” said Gripping Marak, president of the union.
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD) states “there is nothing about us without us”. to take part in the decision-making or to oppose any decision relating to their welfare.
Shillong, October 3: The ARPA has announced three senior posts, the CEM post of Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP, the post of Chairman Teilinia Thangkhiew of the HSPDP and the post of Deputy Chairman. The MDCs of KHNAM have not yet seen the UDP.
Many have cried out and said that these are the last days when God will end the world. strange and troublesome things on all the earth.
They also extended their best wishes to the party for its progress in serving the people and especially for the nation as a whole.
“Of course, although they didn't tell us details about him, from his statement, the police started investigating.
He said the purpose of the workshop is to address the problems between the conventional education system and the modern digital learning environment which offers access to education opportunities at any time and in any place.
I would also like to ask why the MLA of this constituency cannot bring about changes in the constituency.
The campaign was led by the Brand Ambassador, India, Neeraj Chopra, who was seen in various positions as a prophet of the future. Tata AIA Life Insurance is the best way to get the benefits of Tata AIA Life Insurance.
Dr. Mukul questioned the NPP on the development of education in the state.
One of the issues they raised was to request the government to stop the import of pigs from other states into the state, as this affects the pig farmers especially the threat of the spread of African disease. Swine Fever (ASF) which affects pigs raised by farmers in the state.
Para 12 A(a) of the Sixth Schedule will prevail and because CPC & CrPC are the central laws, the notification and the Rules made by the District Councils will prevail. Village, Raid Court and Hima Court will be lost.
“In the past few days, the Union Minister has visited Meghalaya and met with government leaders and discussed to ensure that the schemes that come from the Union Government should reach only from the state. “We will take the decision of the people and conduct an investigation into the implementation of these schemes as in Ranchi,” she said. added.
Besides, it was also said that a bridge needs to be built across the Brahmaputra and Jamuna rivers in Bengal.
When asked about the discussion on the formation of the Cabinet, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and KPCC Chief Leader DK Shivakumar told reporters that this will be informed by the Prime Minister and the KPCC. Speaking to reporters, DK Shivakumar said, “Prime Minister Siddaramaiah and the AICC will be informed about this. As the President of the party, I will leave for Delhi.
There were also youths who expressed their dissatisfaction with the charging of entry fees by the villages in Ri Bhoi, in which they said that it is very difficult for the villagers to pay the fees especially those who charge up to T.3000, as the period of initiation of marriage is a time when many live in poverty especially those who come from poor families.
This year they have produced up to 8000 seedlings.
And today, Rupang has been very successful.
The Government has also released a phone number for those who need assistance, who can call 1800-345-3644, and has directed those who need assistance not to hesitate to call if they need assistance in any way. you hand.
Kyiv: NATO says nearly 40,000 Russian troops have been killed, wounded and captured in the month-long war in Ukraine .
The law is simple and that is, wear a mask or get an injection,” he said.
He said that the girl had just told the driver of the tourist taxi, who had ordered her to go and meet Bah Wel, without telling her. The characteristics of Bah Wel have kept in darkness, not only the young woman, but also the members of the party as well.
Prabhat Dandotiya, Expenditure Observer, IRS, has been appointed by the Election Commission of India (ECI) to oversee the General Election. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (MLA) has arrived in Mawkyrwat and will be held at the Circuit House from 12 noon to 1 pm.
Shillong, July 31: After the High Court of Meghalaya, ordered to restore the land vendors, it was seen that the land vendors have returned to their homes. or roads in Shillong especially in Motphran, Khyndailad and other places.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that although the state is in the midst of a crisis, many people in the state have died from Covid-1 “But where is the prime minister, whether he is in the country or abroad,” said Sangma.
He said that what doesn't affect us here is that during the pandemic, the closure of the dam and the request for vaccination, the authorities have worked with the government, but when they come to kill people inside. Mawlai why didn't they consult the village authorities?
Another factor that has improved the status of the Constitution is the amendment of the Acts and Rules laid down in the District Council such as the Land Protection Act, Forest Conservation, and many other laws. twisted and twisted for the inner workings of the economy that only those in the know understand the loss.
The group has also prepared for months, in terms of the dancers, for their 75-minute song, in which up to 60 dancers and 40 dancers from the Shillong Chamber Choir.
If you sow the seeds in the fertile soil, you will get more, but if you sow along the road, many birds will die.
The District Administration of East Khasi Hills on Friday ordered all the residents of Dr. ML Deb's house near Hotel Heiga, Lachumiere to evacuate due to the snowstorm. landslides.
This decision was taken in response to the Government's lack of attention to our basic demands.
A man identified as Rijambor Shylla sustained serious injuries to his head and other parts of his body.
"After this, Bah Tiewdop and Bah Ora continued to act as Secretaries of the Dorbar Shnong and tried to convene meetings which forced the district authorities to enforce Section 144 CrPC from November. last year, said Bah Synrem.
On the other hand, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, while taking part in the meeting, said that four MLAs including Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek, Mawryngkneng MLA David Nongrum and They agreed to set up a Block Office at Mawlai Mawroh as it is more convenient for everyone.
In the English recitation competition, Mebantei Lyngdoh Peiñlang of Wisdom LP School, Pariong won the 1st prize, Rishwaika Jyrwa of Little Star English Medium Secondary School, Nongbah Bynther won the 2nd prize. Seraphinia Marngar of St. Joseph Secondary School and Risabiangpor Syiemlieh of Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive School won the 3rd prize.
After the explanation, the residents left for their villages and the district authorities have ordered the closure of all the shops today.
The question is by whose authority he announced this news.
Bonney J. Kharbani, General Secretary MCA, said the competition will have two categories – open category and for those under the age of 10, 12, 14, 16 and 18 years.
“I performed my dance skills in front of US President Barack Obama during his visit to Mumbai in 2010,” said Michael.
The teachers have requested the state government not to transfer them from UP to LP but to pay them according to the deficit pattern and to place them in the same Closter Resources Centre. The Chairman of the 4th Teachers Association, Bah Hababut Marbaniang, said that there are 1521 SSA schools in the state which have fourth teachers. The action of the government at the time of their appointment in the beginning because it is from the plan of the state government.
On the other hand, he said that there is a confusion in the State Government regarding the issuance of Schedule Tribe syrnod as it relates especially to those who give jait kpa.
on what grounds you have transferred this work to the contractors who have already been rejected.
Syiem Latympang Shadap Manar was the most famous Syiem of the Manar Hima in Jaintia Hills in the 17th century AD. , IFS Chief Conservator of Forest, State Government, in the presence of the Chief Guest, Rimaya S Manar MCS ADC East Khasi Hills, President of the Kur Herlington Shadap Manar, General Secretary Goldwin Shadap Manar, MDC W.G. The Waheh Shnong of Mowtyrshiah, H.Dkhar, E/C members and thousands of members of the Kur Shadap Manar who came from all over Jaintia Hills.
:At a meeting held at Umroi this evening, the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawhati Block, have strongly criticized the remarks made by Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati. He said that he has not done anything for the Mawhati Constituency, but in fact, Dasakhiatbha has done many things for the Mawhati Constituency.
(vi) “It was in the year 1743 that the first Presbytery was held among the Welsh Presbyterians.
Those who were temporarily suspended from their membership today include Shashi Tharoor, Manish Tewari, Karti Chidambaram of the Congress, Supriya Sule of the NCP, Dimple Yadav of the Samajwadi. Farooq Abdullah of the National Conference, US Senthilkumar of the DMK, Sushil Kumar Rinku of the AAP and Sudip Bandhopadhyay of the Trinamool Congress.
Speaking on the occasion, Leningrad Tariang said that the party is delighted to learn that the Khasi community has won the top position in the list. For 10 years, we have received this title from non-Khasi people but as the days go by we see that our people are starting to improve in education and when you get such titles you have to work hard”.
Tuesday night's shooting marked the 341st such incident in the United States this year.
Therefore, the JSU will hold a CEC on 22nd July 2013 to take a decision to hold a mass protest throughout Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The UDP Sohra MLA, Bah Titosstar Well Chyne, on Tuesday said that he is ready to leave the party leadership if they are able to appoint him.
However, he said that until now, the people have to go outside the state to get confirmation of their illness in order to get adequate medicine.
The Dolloi's office has requested the District Chief to take action to talk to the government on this issue.
When Aenam got the ball back, he shot with his right foot which Siwel Rymbai couldn't stop and the goalkeeper couldn't stop it. defenders gathered in front of him, but in the midst of a large crowd, Aenam’s kick was sure enough to get the ball into the opposition’s net.
Sniawbhalang and Prestone together with women, elderly and children during the raising of the flag of the party.
The Lad-Mynska Myntriang road, which was constructed by the last brother of Coming Ymbon, Shangpung MLA, Hillarius Ymbon, was painted in April and now it has changed its appearance.
These two places are the terminals for commercial vehicles, from Local Taxis to SPTS Maxi Cabs and SPTS Buses.
“In November 2023, during the National Ex-Servicemen Convention in Kurukshetra, I met Col Pravat Kumar Panda (Retd), Independent Director, Uranium Corporation of India Ltd. (UCIL).
However, the amendment of the law will bring good and benefit to many.
Every household of the people will have solar panels on the roof of their houses.
Goa scored the first goal in the 15th minute when Rowllin Borges scored the first goal.
Chairman of the Society, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, said that the festival was held to preserve the plants and to raise awareness among the public on the need to preserve the environment, to avoid the plants because they have killed all the plants. that's right.
Members and leaders of these four organizations dressed in vehicles to block government offices in Jowai.
He scored 6/50 in the first innings and 12/82 against Manipur in the first innings. Special thanks to the player of the team.
Shillong, March 11: The Vice Chairman of the Niti Aayog, Suman Kumar Bery, on Tuesday said that if the government wants no sector to lag behind but to rise in development, it should think carefully and put forward. also for the 200 million Indigenous Peoples in the country.
Prabhudutta Sahu, General Manager, NABARD, LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, Isagahah Lawynniang, Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat, Minister of Mawkyrwat and other invitees. .
The Chief Guest said that the mining is not bad but it is necessary to think carefully to put safety measures to avoid affecting the nearby water wells. The Executive Engineer of PHE (Electrical Division Jowai, Bah P.Synnah) said that the mining of mineral resources has been stopped and there are fish in the rivers. He said that the water bill in Jowai is very expensive. He urged the people to take action to take care of the water source. “When traveling anywhere, tourists also want to go to places where there is good water and therefore it is necessary to take care of the water and not to pollute or throw garbage in the river. The waters of the rivers and streams need to be taken care of so that they can be passed on to future generations”.
Shillong, July 13: Shillong Police on Tuesday recovered a young girl who had been missing for 40 days from St Margareth Higher Secondary School, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. in the State of West Bengal.
In another match, the Handicapped Association of Manipur beat Siliguri Blind School 9-0 with three goals and Padichun two goals.
“I ask your forgiveness, therefore, because if you don’t, I will never be able to live.
Shillong, November 18: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, who continues to protest in Shillong, has rejected the claim that the Central Government Act does not work at all. in the state.
We hope that this hospital will operate smoothly and the women and children living in these areas will benefit from the presence of this hospital,” he said.
I have nothing to give but I always remember them in my prayers.
“The contribution of Phan Nonglait in the freedom struggle is no different from that of Rani Lakshmibai of Jhansi in
This cleaning and harvesting can be done annually or every two years.
“We have been directed by the NDA government and the Prime Minister to inform the people of the country and Meghalaya about this action of the Congress to hinder the development of the country,” he said. .
Vicky Sharma scored the third goal for Umphyrnai SC in the 67th minute to win the title and take three points.
The Government will soon amend the rules of the 2017 MRSS Act for the implementation of this Ordinance.
The Khasi have migrated to Manipur since 1939 when the British Government was ruling India and to this day there are three villages where the Khasi live and farm. They are known as the Khasi Khedangar, the Abam Punji and the Khasi Kamrangha.
What's happening? Because Israel did not believe, God would send down upon the house of David (Israel) upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem a spirit of grace and prayer: at that time they would not see or look upon Jesus whom they had crucified. and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his firstborn.
He said that on the day the members of the Regional Committee visited Khanapara, he stated before Piyush Hazarika and Prestone Tynsong that the land of the Kur Thangkhiew is still under the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
Police have seized a Maruti Gypsy and arrested three persons including a woman.
The same happened to Mithun Manjunath, who failed to score the gold medal after being beaten 13-21 19-21 by Taipei's Chia Hao Lee.
The districts that took part in the competition are East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills. , North Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
Before meeting with the Governor, Dr. Mukul said that the purpose of his meeting was to discuss the arrangements for the arrival of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi's visit to the state.
All religions and Christian churches promote the Righteousness and emphasize it as a snap of godliness from any religion, and all those religions and Christian churches teach to condemn sin and turn away from sin. .
He is Holy, Holy, Holy, there are no other powers besides Him.
But the decision is up to him,” said one of the UDP leaders who did not want to be named.
According to the order, all mining in the state without permission from the MoEF will be illegal.
The reason why Meghalaya didn't win was because they waited too long to allow Gurinder Singh to score his 101 runs, but In the second innings, Sikkim's bowlers failed to take all the wickets.
The court also directed the government to find a place to dump garbage elsewhere as it has been filled so that the wastewater or garbage will not flow into the pond which is already filled with garbage.
Twenty-seven others are in seven divisions and these include nine in Mymensingh, nine in Chattogram, three in Rangpur, three in Khulna, seven in Barishal and one in Sylhet.
He also announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA election from Pynthorumkhrah against Bah AL Hek and hopes that he will come to victory for the 2023 election.
The KSU said that although the damage to the house has happened for more than a month, but the surprising thing is that even now the government has not helped.
Acknowledging that the NPP has now become one of the recognized national parties, Prestone said the party also has its own headquarters in Delhi to oversee the elections. and assist even those residents who come from the states of the North East including those from Meghalaya.
However, it is open and in the evening people turn the balcony of the school into a place to drink alcohol, because outside the compound of the school only bottles of alcohol were found.
US Vice President Mike Pence has urged the opposition to move forward in their struggle under the guidance of God.
During the filming, there was no difference at all.
"My mother said, 'Do you mean I didn't say anything to you, Mother...?" Rida asked, “Yes, I didn't say anything, son...” replied the mother.
The Prime Minister praised the confidence in the country and its efforts for the successful implementation of VBSY. The Prime Minister said that the citizens of the country do not have basic necessities such as houses, toilets, electricity, gas connections, insurance or bank accounts. taking money.
Today, the union has met with Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand the immediate implementation of the MCH Jowai along with the requirements inside the hospital such as SMOs, X-rays operators, electric gadgets and In this meeting with the Health Minister, the union promised to take action on the demands of the union and decided to visit the MCH hospital Jowai. At the same time, HNYM-WJHD has sent a copy of the memorandum to the office of the Director of Health Service (MI) Shillong to take action on this issue. The union will wait for the date set by the Minister of State.
Babylon is the worst case.
On the opposition of NEHUTA and MCTA to the decision of NEHU to implement the NEP from this academic year (2023-24), he said that this will be left to the discretion of the Vice-Chancellor. Chancellor of NEHU to resolve the issue after receiving information that the VC has called for talks with the MCTA. The Vice-Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla has given five days to withdraw the letter issued on the 12th of this month. November, 2023 regarding the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, for the academic year 2023-2
He said that our nation is not yet a poor nation, because we don't see our fellow citizens living on the streets and in Khyndai lad.
He added that many of the members of the community have become emotional when talking about the cause of the community, but as young people they should not misunderstand. “If they love the nation, they should bow down in the temple of the Lord, because only the Lord knows better our nation to guide and empower the leaders,” he added.
Replying to a question, Bah Tynsong said, “It is not that we don't have detailed information, it is not that we don't have enough staff but if the people find anyone who is involved, they should inform. We will not disclose their names, just inform us who is in charge, then the Police will do their duty.
Handing over the checks to the first batch of local entrepreneurs as well as to the selected groups of entrepreneurs and organizations operating in the villages after a thorough review before the release of the financial assistance within the CM -Elevate, on the part of the CM; “We want to create a culture that will promote local businesses.
Shillong, June 21: Students in the state are now in shock after the North Eastern Hill University, Shillong has not provided any explanation through its website regarding the implementation of the Common University Entrance Test ( QUIET)-2022.
The deadline for registration is the 16th of this month.
"Therefore, life is not just to live, but to share and inherit from generation to generation the wealth that God has blessed.
The right to freedom of movement, freedom of speech and expression is guaranteed by the Constitution of India.
The elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly are 10 months away, but politics across the state has started to heat up and various parties have started looking for candidates who can reach the goal.
In order to welcome the season and to pray and thank the Creator and Bei Ramaw, the Pnars celebrate the Chad Sukara, the Khasi the Shad Suk Mynsiem and the War Jaintia the Rong Kusi.
Our children will curse this present generation.
“In fact, we are waiting for the company to improve this road but we see that the company is no longer there and we have decided ourselves to improve this road,” he said.
“The incident is sad because as the Governor who is in charge of the implementation of the Constitution, hundreds of employees will be complained against,” said Bah Ronie.
The SP of South West Garo Hills District, R Muthu, said that the police have intensified their search operations against the GNLA militants due to the increasing activities of the GNLA in the area.
We have seen the joining of former Congress leaders like Himanta Biswa Sarma, Jyotiraditya Scindia and others to the BJP in these years, and now they are in power even though they first came to power during the of the Congress.
However, a few days later, the woman received a phone call ordering her to pay T.55,000 to get the song.
However, these Allied nations such as the United States sent troops to Germany to liberate the Nazis, but themselves dropped bombs on Japan and killed hundreds of thousands and lakhs.
The inspection was to see whether it is safe for the school children to continue their schooling in the area and the report of the recent inspection by the District authorities of East Khasi Hills. Hills will issue its final order.
Meanwhile, the department has directed the man to clean and tidy the house properly according to the directives of the department.
Kharang SC will play against Maw U-tieng SC at 2:30 pm followed by Madanrting FC against Synroplang in the 77th round. at 4:15 p.m.
On the other hand, JFEPA under the leadership of DHPD President together with General Secretary M Challam and others visited Amlanai village near Muktapur, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division. The JFEPA to lay the foundation stone as a sign to honor the ancestors of the Association in this village.
Shillong, November 09: The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, on Tuesday said that the North East needs more youth to get jobs.
The people of the area have also expressed their dissatisfaction with the Congress Government which has ruled in the past for not taking action on this issue.
On the other hand, the only way to prevent the spread of the corona virus is to lockdown the whole state. I drink ummluh every hour for 10 months and 10 classes and I don't know what kind of medicine I take when I'm sick. I don't know what God has given me, but now I don't want to give him that medicine.
Matthew 24:29-30, and there will be a resurrection of the dead and a resurrection.
Recently, the Syiem of Sohra Hima has donated about 2 acres of land at Mawkyrdup to the Clean Sohra Campaign for this purpose with the understanding that urgent action is needed to address this issue.
It is impossible to say when we look at the development of our state and especially the Khasi people, isn't it true that the development comes from the cleanliness with other people and we have received many lessons. to live a life of hard work and strive for the goal.
“In 2019 when the Jal Jeevan started in the state, Meghalaya ranked last in terms of water supply, with only 75 percent of households having access to water. “Meghalaya is one of the best in this regard,” he said.
“He (Bah Ranee) supports the Bill and not the EC,” he said.
If the company management does not comply, the FKJGP and JAC leaders will sit down again to think again and take the necessary action.
“According to the National Register of Citizens (NRC) released by the Assam Government, there are more than 20 lakh citizens who have no names. .
At the same time, he explained that shopkeepers are not allowed to sell tobacco to children under the age of 15 years as it is illegal.
Shillong: Constable Sangma, Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma, have been drinking together at Lad Rymbai Police Station. After the incident, Constable Sangma disappeared. The Committee on Empowerment of Women, headed by Ampareen Lyngdoh, said in its report, which was tabled in the State Legislative Assembly today.
The Mairang-Ranigodown-Azra road will be another road to connect Eastern West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District to Guwahati Airport and also to Guwahati City.
Pohsngap urged all the brothers and sisters not to misunderstand, saying that Rev. Basaiawmoit is a skilled person who can be trusted and can advocate for the issues of the people. the Parliament of India and has nothing to do with it, even if he is a pastor.
“The State should set examples and completely ban the display of slaughtered meat in meat shops, where it can be stored in refrigerators or storage areas or displayed only inside and not The court headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said.
Out of these 7, it will also include Mukroh and Langpih Villages.
At this meeting, the BJP Party leaders also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, saying that as the leaders and employees of the party, they are ready to give their full cooperation as much as possible. and also to cooperate with the District Administration in any matter which the District Administration deems necessary.
So far, Japan has spent nearly $200 billion to help pregnant women and children get adequate food and drink and the scheme continues. for 16 years, however, she hasn’t been able to produce much offspring in the country.
However, in many cases, the MLAs give only to their own supporters, as Prestone said.
However, without encouraging anyone, Bah Banteidor gave the good news that on his part as Minister, he has taken action once again. He said that the work has started to progress and he said that he will work hard with the department. artificial turf is not available.
Besides the speeches by the speakers, there will be a dance performance, a traditional performance of different villages and townships.
After extensive investigation, it was found that the vessel had left Taiwan's Keelung province on Sunday last week, and notified the Taiwanese Coast Guard at on Sunday for going to help.
The Secretary of the KSU Shangpung Unit, said that it will not only affect the health of the residents but will also affect the environment and the heritage.
Also in Kokrajahar we have played many friendlies against East Bengal and Mohun Bagan.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnongs invited the public to attend the meeting at Laban Sports Club, Madan Laban, which is located behind the Laban Red Cross. At 10:30 pm, the rally was held in front of the Gate Secretariat Main Building on the 30th of March. , 2015 in the Great Procession.
In the 2024-25 fiscal year, the budget for women has increased by 38.6%.
The KSU will soon approach the relevant authorities to demand for assistance to such families who have suffered from this.
“The participation of young people in politics encourages me and I am full of gratitude and joy,” he said.
Tura, June 22 : A 9-year-old boy named Arian Tengkam M Sangma has lost his life after drowning in the Kombe River in Tura.
Currently, the cost of RT PCR is only T.1,200 and the cost of Rapid Antigen Test is T.
Shillong, November 30: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has strongly criticized the legislators and the state government for making money without thinking about the people until it creates the National Green. The Tribunal (NGT) has not been able to respond to this state.
We must find a solution to these problems," he added.
On earth he does not need repentance.
He said that the KHADC also wants to send a clear message to the Government of India and also through the State Government that the Council will not allow or give any permission to any authority or group to hold the exploration or mining of uranium from areas under the jurisdiction of the Council.
The Falcons beat the JNS Jaguars while the Rhinos beat the Sunnydale School Doves.
On the other hand, Bah E Kharkongor said that in the past years, the emergence of sports associations and clubs has been like the titles of Upper Shillong, but only the Upper Shillong Sports Social and Cultural Association has has been able to carry out activities for the shaping of the future of children and has now reached 20 years through the hard work of all stakeholders.
The Government of Manipur this month has distributed several training units to the Forest Department's security forces so that they can improve and enhance their patrolling activities in various forests. of the state.
Shillong, July 4: The HYC Mawryngkneng Circle together with the residents of Mawiong Sung Mawryngkeng Village on Tuesday held a public meeting for the repair of the Mawiong Sung Road. It is located in the province of Mawryngkneng.
He said that there will also be staff to explain the characteristics of each Hima to the tourists who come from different places, so that they can know the traditional characteristics of different Himas.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that it is not the two parties that can issue the dulir if the Committee on Inter-State Boundary studies the land dispute.
Under the supervision and leadership of Prof Shukla, NEHU has announced to implement the FYUP Scheme as envisaged in the NEP 2020 with the aim of raising and improving the standard of education in the state along with other countries. state.
Luka Modric's performance at the 2018 World Cup in Russia has seen him rise to the rank of the best player in the world, where he will win the Ballon d'Or.
On the other hand, AIFF President Kalyan Chaubey said, “It is a difficult time for the football season.
Thus, it is a great threat to the lives of people, especially children.
Kni said that it is the home of the Air Force.
Meanwhile, they said that there can be no groups doing this kind of work.
“Our district has done badly but can you blame the children for this? When primary education is left behind, can higher education make a difference? This question is not only necessary but the reality of what is happening in SGH.We request those in power not only to take action on this, but for better education starting from primary school," they added.
“This action of the Prime Minister shows that he is not concerned about the threat of the influx of foreigners into the state which has affected the indigenous people,” said Bah Adelbert. The discussion on the budget of KHADC today in the House.
“We don't want to see that development only in Shillong and Tura but in all parts of the state especially in the rural areas,” said Conrad K Sangma.
In the first leg, Mukhla Umlangchor beat Rising Sun Mukhla 2-1 with Niawkor Sari scoring in the 49th and 51st minutes. D.Nongrum scored the first goal for Rising Sun Mukhla in the 65th minute.
About 300 Rangbah Shnongs who came to take part in the march started at 11:30 pm from All India Radio to YWCA. They went to the house of Nan Polo and went back to the same place. They continued three times and ended at the beginning.
He urged the government to look into this matter so that it will not be a disgraceful matter and the Prime Minister promised that the government will look into the relevant issues.
The book they are looking at now is how much the citizens of that country enjoy complete peace of mind.
Niwanpaia Shadap, a teacher at LP School, Modop, passed away on
Other roads that the PWD wants to improve are the VIP Road connecting Mawlai to Ri Bhoi via the Airport, the Nongmynsong to Shillong by-pass.
How much more so for those who are sick and suffering.
It may not be HITO’s statement on my comment but I’m just clarifying to the public.
The JAC later saw that the cement factories have not implemented this price and decided to launch an Indefinite Strike and ban the cement factories transporting cement and other products produced by the cement factories.
On the opening day of the three-day Amrit Yuva Kalotsav, Shri.Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya was the chief guest.
Therefore, repentance and baptism are necessary for him to participate in that First Resurrection.
Of these, 2 were convened in November 2021, 4 in October 2022 and two in April and March 2022 respectively.
Working together, we were able to reach our goal.
After his current position, Craig has also served as Asst.Coach with the Olympic champion Belgium, where the Belgian team won the gold medal in for the Tokyo Olympics.
She also demanded the release of all the members of the Seng and individuals who have been arrested on suspicion of involvement with the group who are still under detention.
He also slammed the Minister in charge of District Councils, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who was the first to resign from the post of MDC. said.
“However, during the counting of votes, the resolution of JJM Nocholas Roy was defeated and the resolution called for the union with India as a full state was submitted to the Constituent Assembly. , and while we are still deciding, this Bordaloi Committee has moved forward and has succeeded,” he said.
Mawlyndep, IIM and NEIGHRIMS, from 7 to 9 pm and then from 10 to 12 pm.
He refused to accept that it was a wrong choice for the party's losing candidate.
“I have worked closely with him in many situations and we have experienced many operational challenges together, growing together as friends and understanding each other and working together to solve problems as a team.
At present, the party has more than 40 candidates who want to contest from the BJP in the upcoming elections.
The number of dengue cases would have decreased if we could eradicate these Aedes mosquitoes,” he said.
“We have a party president, we have two working presidents and I have not received any demand to replace them,” he said.
Shullai said the purpose of his speech was that there will be no law to ban the consumption of meat in the state.
He said that in the middle of April, there will be several more four buses to arrive in the city and surrounding villages.
He said that it is necessary for the youth to receive guidance on where to go to improve their talents.
Members of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to remind them of the demands put forward by the union before the Government. .
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today said that the state government through the Home Department should appoint an Additional SP. districts in the state have their own ASP to look after peace and order.
The second semi final will be between Rising Star and Khliehtyrshi Sports Club on 10-04-2
Others who attended the opening ceremony included MLA Umsning Constituency Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, District Medical and Health Officer Dr. LM Pdah, Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Constituency. David Kharnaior, MG Kharshanlor, Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Commission on Resource Mobilization and other government officials were also present.
Photos show the death toll at a hospital in Brooklyn, New York, in which 776 people have died and 33,000 have been infected without success. in this State.
The repair of the National Highway 6 in parts of East Khasi Hills District has started.
She said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, there have been 20 major projects in Dong Mingi worth T.52,000 crore. stead.
The drinking water well is reportedly 35 feet deep.
He also stressed the importance of spirituality in relation to health care, by distinguishing to understand the feelings of others, because spirituality involves understanding not only the illness of others, but it also has the desire to solve the problem they are facing.
“We have also received information that there are officers in other departments who do this and at any time the union will conduct a surprise inspection to find out the facts.
The Jews today are those whom God has preserved from that small remnant in order to fulfill His promises because God is not a man to lie.
He appealed to the people to leave the area as it is a place where Section 144CrPC has been enforced. for it was forbidden to hold a council.
Speaking to media, he said that the school will provide free training to the children who will attend the school. training on how to propagate and maintain forests.
West Jaintia Hills has 72 cases while Ummulong has 44 cases.
Jadeja, who is from Jamnagar, has been selected as the country's player of the year for the 2019 Cricket World Cup.
Dr Kharlukhi will take part in the counting of votes with MLAs from the state.
Shillong, July: The second Statutory Conference of the MRCTA will be held on the 11th of this month at the Women's College, Shillong from 11.00 am.
And even his father knew of that sin until his brother came home with a sincere repentance.
A Bolero No. ML-05-Z-3007, equipped with a siren, VIP blinker, mobile, laptop and several documents, was also seized from his residence in Wahingdoh.
The Minister, Ymbon, acknowledged that Meghalaya's water supply is in difficult times, encouraging the youth to protect and protect the environment, stressing that water is essential for the environment. state culture and tradition.
Judges and Rulers who 'turn away'
Nongstoiñ: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Maweit Circle, after receiving information that there is a plan from the private sector to set up coke factories in Maweit area, has decided to set up coke factories in Maweit area. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima have submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
This evening, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, submitted the names of these people for the swearing-in ceremony tomorrow.
The funeral service for Omarlin will be held on 31.3.21 at the Shangpung Presbyterian Church, Moolibang.
Regarding the coal mining method, he said it is clear that it will be in a transparent manner and to protect the environment, the workers and for this, the state government will issue through its rules and regulations. At the same time, u Bah Syiem also thanked the state government for its support to the Hima in this struggle.
The Disaster Management Department said 33 people were killed in Aurangabad, 31 in Gaya and 12 in Nawada.
“Some states feel that development should be done by the councils while they don't want it.
I would like to thank the Wildlife Department for guiding us.
At the same time, he also praised the PIC for their hard work to develop and assist the farmers to improve and expand their agriculture in the area.
“The destruction of the cow farm by MUDA was while I was on my way to work and when I came back I saw that the cow farm had been destroyed and this shocked me and affected me badly. I'm sorry,” said Bah Kharmalki.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) on Tuesday said that the All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) has lifted its blockade on the road to Garo Hills. food items and other benefits that it used to receive through the roads connecting it with Assam.
At present, development works in the villages have gone through the VECs and in many cases the VECs have collaborated with the village authorities, which has caused problems in the villages and this has also caused problems. In a letter sent to the CEM of KHADC and opposition leaders, the KSU also stated that “ in which the words 'Gram Panchayat' and 'Gram Sabha' are written and used, this may replace the words 'Dorbar Shnong'
Many churches have expressed their disappointment that Umroi MLA George B. Lyngdoh has been defeated by the NPP candidate Damanbait Lamare.
“This delay shows that the central government does not respect the voice of the people of Meghalaya and does not respect the resolution of the Legislative Assembly passed by all 60 MLAs to implement the ILP. ," said Mr. Lambokstar.
“They accept other MPs from Afghanistan; like Anarkali and Narendra Singh Khalsa, but they refused to accept me.
Aided Institutions) should go on election duty without forgiveness or thought of anything that will affect the education of the students.
The family of Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah have waited for the family of Bah Let's brother to bring back the money they had fined them 1000 tyngka.
Fortunately, it will be only the ground floor, which will not only affect the staff, but the entire hospital.
The District Tuberculosis Officer, West Jaintia Hills through the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program has celebrated the World Tuberculosis Day under the theme “Yes we can End TB”.
Kohli, 35, who is the former captain of the team, recently withdrew from the squad for the last two Tests.
The story of this group of slaves is a story of persecution and hope, slavery and freedom, it is also a story of struggle, struggle and struggle to survive, grow and progress. .
He said that Shillong has now connected flights to eight cities of India.
On the part of AMSA, 7 children took part in the tournament.
He added that the people no longer have EPIC in Assam and now they have only the EPIC of Meghalaya, because they don't want to be deceived by the Assam government and other authorities, because they want to to participate with the State in any activities.
The protesters have intensified their protests demanding that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
He said that there was also a night when they were drinking alcohol and they were drunk and they offered him to join them, but he refused because he doesn't drink alcohol. dih, I don't eat only kwai, they give me kwai supari which is like this, I speak my own words, they don't punish me, they don't shoot me, they don't beat me, but sometimes when they threaten me, I don't want to drink the water, because I saw that they were drinking water, they brought me another water from the pump, I drank it. I don't drink alcohol but I don't drink tea, I don't drink tea, I just eat biscuits and water,” said Ricky.
Shillong: U Bah John Kharshiing, on Tuesday said, “Just as Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) has been liberated because there are laws to protect it, so we Khasi & Jaintia (K&J) should be liberated. don't have a law to protect.
(John 1:29) for which His blood will be shed and His blood will be the cleansing of our sins.
The marathon will start from Guwahati on 5th June
Saudi Arabia did not score a single goal.
Sarma demanded compensation of Rs 1 crore to each teacher who died from going to the Panchayat elections.
Only we the residents of the Raid know the problems we face with the Syiem.
Israeli authorities on Friday said one person was recently killed and eight others were injured after shelling broke out near Jerusalem's border gates that day.
This was stated by Ma Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday, while addressing the opening ceremony of the Additional Office Building of JHADC. The CEM urged the officers and leaders of the JHADC Staff Association not to mislead the employees of the JHADC as the EC has not sat down properly. kti when fighting for their salary.
M. Sangma, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Manstudy Nongrem, MDC Langrin Constituency, D. Kyndiah, Assistant Executive Engineer Nonghyllam, HS Diengdoh, ADC South West Khasi Hills, Germany Nongsiang, President Ranikor Block Congress Committee and others.
However, it is sad to say that the Laitkroh Village Authority has agreed to allow the quarrying of stone to private individuals who sell the stone and shyïap to Bangladesh.
At the same time, he refused to form a new political party by saying, “I am still a Congress MLA, I don't have any intention to form a party but it depends on the voice of the people. ".
The purpose of this meeting and march is to emphasize the need for unity among the people of the country.
It was also seen that Bah Sandondor had arrived at the scene while Bah Ardent had arrived at the scene from the beginning to the end.
The PS was also pleased to work with the UNO and other NGOs.
In Friday's match, Shangpung Moosyiem played well and scored the first goal in the 24th minute through Ebormi Lyngdoh.
He has sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives and recovery of sight to the blind, to set at liberty those who are oppressed.
“The 2024 Lok Sabha elections have come and now they are coming with a wake-up call for the voters to stand once again with clarity, courage and determination to elect the leaders to the Lok Sabha. the 18th," he said.
Nongpoh, March 23: In preparation for the celebration of the Ri-Bhoi District Aqua Fest 2022 to be held on the 28th of this month at Nongpoh, the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday held a Drawing competition for students from Class VI to IX on the theme 'For Life' About 15 students from 5 schools from Nongpoh area came to take part in this competition. The winners of the competition will be awarded prizes on the 28th of this month which is also the day of the Aqua Fest.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Child Right Protection, M.Kharkongor said that there are existing laws in the state to protect children and women.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Dr Ampareen congratulated the Seng Samla Mawkhar for winning 25 mawmer for the ability to involve the children and youth of the village in the organization of various competitions. to destroy the city.
This well is built in the shape of a well and is well built of dewbilat and covered with knup, which has a legend in ancient times.
The order is currently in force in Helmand and was issued by the Taliban government in the capital, Lashkar Gah.
The Seng leader said that these people who have been living illegally in this area have admitted that they have been living there for decades, but the surprising thing is that even the electricity line has been cut off. MeECL has not done anything to these people who have not paid their electricity bill.
The Dolloi, after completing the ceremony, prayer and phirat according to the custom of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, handed over the khaw ehrngiew which was placed inside the tyndong siej to all the leaders, the Kñi of the Phra Kur. and also the elders who participated in the conduct of the Shad Niam Behdieñnkhlam.
“According to the investigation, we have found that there are 54 items stolen from the State Museum,” said the Director of Art and Culture, Matsiewdor War.
In a statement sent by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon said that what is more surprising is that this floor is now the headquarters of three departments and corporations of the government. the Tourism Information Center of the Directorate of Tourism, then the Directorate of Horticulture and the Meghalaya Handlooms and Handicrafts Development Corporation Ltd, State Government Emporium.
The Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) has elected new office bearers for the 2024-2028 season.
Shillong: U Rajesh Bhushan, Union Health Secretary, today chaired a meeting of Government officials to review the COVID-19 situation in 10 states – Kerala, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Odisha and other states. Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Andhra Pradesh and Manipur.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President, Bah Nikelson, said that this suspension has affected the Seng, as it has already prepared everything and has also built the Dara and Rynsan for this programme. raise funds for the operation of the Association.
Shillong: Several families have returned to the Khasi religion in a village in Sohra area.
The Bible says – “Behold, the hand of the Lord is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither is his ear heavy that it cannot hear" Isaiah 59:1-2
The Chairman of the Regional Committee, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said, “We have decided to hold another meeting on the 25th of July to continue the discussion and to inspect the desh Domreah on the 26th of July to know the condition of the area.
Tamil Nadu Speaker M Appavu today criticized the development of the state through the presence of Christian missionaries and if it were not for the absence of Catholic missionaries, the state would have been destroyed. , it would have been like Bihar.
“It is hoped that the Central Government will turn its attention to the needs of the states in this hilly region. "The PIL was filed by Arnold G Momin. The PIL was filed by Arnold G Momin.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Thursday approved a committee comprising all political parties to discuss the implementation of the Reservation Roster System.
Dhoni has also won several awards including the ICC ODI Player of the Year award in 2008 and 2009 (and is also the first Indian cricketer to win the award). He was awarded the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award and Padma Shri, the highest civilian award in India in
An interim Executive Committee was appointed comprising these Members of the Executive Committee, three Members of the CEC Seng Kur Pyllun together with the interim office bearers.
Those who attended the confirmation ceremony included Liander Nongshli, Assistant General Secretary, Phrangsngi Kylla Finance Secretary, Joseph Syngkli, President Nongpoh Circle and other leaders.
“If I say to change the Government, I have to have grounds, reasons to prove it,” he said.
The government alone cannot do this, and the government when making any law or policy should understand that it needs the cooperation of the citizens, various groups, local authorities. because they know and understand better these needs in their villages.
The residents of the area said that all the five people inside the vehicle, a man and a woman, were under the influence of alcohol. .
“If the previous governments wanted to act urgently like the MDA government, this issue could have been resolved long ago but the urgency of the MDA government to resolve the border issue has not been resolved. I have brought about the disobedience of many churches today.
The word bakha is the relationship between all the sons and daughters of the mother and the daughters and sons of the brother or sister of the same mother.
According to him, he does not like at all that the people's leaders should move from one party to another.
That happened at the Transfiguration of Jesus on the Mount recorded in Mark 9:3 “And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them. to whiten".
The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem PM Syiemlieh, has praised Daniel Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait for his hard work in researching and writing the history of Phan Nonglait. When he wrote, the people knew about this freedom fighter of the Hima Nongkhlaw whom most of them knew only a few lines about her life through the textbooks they read in school.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in reply to a question on the Governor's Speech in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
The Saiñdur Tipkur-Tipkha Ieng Ehrngiew Hynniewtrep (STIEH) has protested against the writing of a woman, Kong Patricia Mukhim, on the writing of a woman playing with children. basketball in Lawsohtun, that it is a communal sport.
About 2.82 crore widows, widowers and persons with disabilities have been paid Rs 1400 crore and 2.17 crore artisans and other artisans have received financial assistance worth Rs. 3071 crore.
The deceased was identified as Bestarwell Masynting, 23, of La Palang village in Pynursla area.
In 1897, Missionary John Roberts, the founder of Khasi literature, composed the song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' which was taken from the National Anthem of Wales.
Conrad said that security has been stepped up in the border area at Khanduli, and patrolling has been strengthened in the area to prevent any incident of lawlessness that affects the peace and order.
Shillong: “It takes only one generation to change the way of life in the family”, these are the words of a young man who has reached the goal in the midst of difficult journeys with his family.
These rice were brought from all over the Khasi Hills such as Lyngiong, Sohiong, Mylliem, Smit, Laitlyngkot and other places.
They urged the DC to find ways and means to exempt the people from the containment areas and implement micro containment so as not to affect their livelihood and income.
For example, until 2019, only about 1000 farmers have benefited from Lakadong shynrai but through this Mission, there are now about 13,000 farmers who have benefited from this shynrai.
According to him, the number of Polling Stations has increased from 3512 to 3482 in the 2023 MLA elections.
• We call for an end to the conflicts and violence in society by the various groups that have the authority to increase them.
Do we want such a tourism attraction or do we want people to come and enjoy themselves when they enter the caves or when they look at the valleys and walk on the bridges?
Lumpy skin disease, which has affected many cows in some parts of Meghalaya in the past few days, has also spread to Patharkhmah village in Ri Bhoi district.
This time, Hina has criticized the South Indian players and this has made Kriti unable to listen.
Remember this, that hell is filled with souls who have sinned, who, while they were alive in this world, hoped to go back to hell.
On the other hand, the police of the area suspect that these two persons have lost their lives after inhaling methane. This coal mine has been illegally operated.
The stadium was constructed by two youths under the name 'K&K' at a cost of Rs 50 lakh and was inaugurated by Bah Jesland Roy Nongsiej as the chief guest in the presence of Mr. P.Wanniang as the Chief Guest.
Linda Caicedo scored the first goal for Colombia but before the break in the 89th minute, Germany turned the tide through Alexandra Popp. Vanegas' goal scored a goal for Colombia fans at the Sydney Football Stadium in Australia.
The medal winners were Babit Kharsahnoh (51kg), Sparkle Rynghang (57 kg), Pynbaitwan-I Kanai (51 kg), Khrawjutang Kharsyntiew (57 kg), Tyllishanglang Kharpein (45 kg), Nangsan. Marbaniang – rnong (51kg), Hame Shaniah Suiam-rnong (57kg), Tyllishanglang Kharpeiñ – rnong (Musical Form Hard Style Bare Hand Senior Men).
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 780, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,67,6 1,19,13,292 people.
“We ask Rahul Gandhi to explain in what way the character, history, way of life of the people of Meghalaya have been attacked, the BJP can explain what it has done since the beginning in various ways. “It is not that we are shaking hands with the Congress party which has ruled our country for 40 years,” he said. Sabyasachi Ghose, Convenor of State Media Cell BJP, Meghalaya Pradesh.
The light to know God and to learn to read and write.
In fact, all the banks have to fulfill their duty to connect these numbers,” said the BJP MDC. Banks to ensure that their Aadhar number has been linked to their Bank Account number.
The Riwar Offset Press needs a helper to operate the press only in the evening.
The urban department has prepared to clean up the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers and to manage this, it is still waiting for funds.
The raids were conducted in Bishnupur, Kakching, Thoubal and Imphal-West districts and two firearms, three rounds of ammunition, one explosive and two tube launchers were seized.
The word thoh also refers to the use of soap when milk is used to heal those who are sick or ill because of being soaked by people in front of them and when milk is used with shun.
“It would also be good for some of the MDCs of the PDF to be more careful in their words because it only shows their stupidity.
However, if such people are named, they should inform the DC's office because according to this Act, government employees are not allowed to benefit from this scheme and if they do so, they can be allowed to punish according to the law.
Furthermore, the union urges the authorities to arrest the perpetrators immediately and punish the perpetrators.
It is said that these drones have entered the city in groups once and have entered from all parts of the city.
In 1874 it became the capital of Assam Province and in 1905 the headquarters was moved to Dacca and Shillong became the summer capital.
Narrowing the Digital divide”.
The Health Department.
At the time of writing, the body was still at the scene.
On the other hand, the drivers of the trucks carrying the stone said that they have the documents with the owners and they can enter Bangladesh to unload the stone.
There will be a Lucky Draw, a Housie, games and food.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : Assam continues to hold the first position in the medals table for the 2nd North East Olympic Games
In a letter signed by Dinesh Kr Gupta, Chief General Secretary of the LJP, Meghalaya, the party expressed its condolences to the families of the deceased and wished the injured a speedy recovery. .
A total of 133 licenses have been issued since June 1, 2022.
Bah MB Tongper Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, who was the Chief Guest, congratulated the students for their participation and especially congratulated the participants who won prizes and I won that day.
The driver survived after falling from the truck and was taken to PHC Umkiang but due to serious injuries he was shifted to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ïalong, said residents.
What was seen about the fire was that there was not a single equipment left to use, as they were completely burnt down by the fire.
He said that the bridge should be constructed according to the standards set by the Government so that it will not affect the road and the traffic of the people will not be disrupted.
which until now have received support only from UP school.
This reminds me of the words of Myllung Soso:-Suddenly the department counts:-The whole village smiles, It is in the Rangbah: All the people love.
The meeting also decided to urge the Chief Minister to convene the Legislative Assembly to discuss the introduction of the Instrument of Accession (IoA) with the Government of India. 25 Hima on 17th July, 1948, to establish a Federal or Regional Council for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, to resolve the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam and between India and Bangladesh, to not implement the laws of the Government of India which are against the customs and traditions of the Khasi and Garo people in this state as well as others related to income, environment.
At the time of writing, the navy is still trying to find the body.
Matthew 24:31 / 1 Thess 4:15-18.
The world is full of sin and its wages is death.
When those organizations or synjuks that have the full Khasi language are praised and announced, it is very pleasant and if you can translate the words into short words from the characters, it becomes more and more popular.
The residents of the village said that the Syiem has ordered the Dorbar Shnong not to take or knieh the land.
Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
The order also states that shops in the districts of East and West Jaintia Hills, Ri-bhoi, West and South West Khasi Hills and shops under Sub Civil Divisions and C&RD Block have been banned from buying food items from the shops. brought from Shillong.
On the other hand, the Adviser of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU) Khroo L. Pariat said that the union has already conveyed these issues to the government but they have not been able to respond. He invited all the day workers in the state to hold a general meeting of all the day workers in the state to take part in this day, saying that this is the beginning and the last time. to accept these unrealistic promises of the government.
We should commend the government's initiative to plant trees and that we all, every citizen, have a duty to the environment to cooperate with the government by planting trees. and to ensure that these seedlings that we plant, survive and grow until they become big trees.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Nongkhlaw CHC, Nongkhlaw, in an order issued today, has informed that due to the positive case of COVID-19 in one of the doctors, the Nongkhlaw CHC, Nongkhlaw, will be closed first. CHC immediately after testing all the high risk contacts of this patient.
On the other hand, the party urges all the members of the party as well as the people who love to watch Khasi films and also those who like to watch dances to please give their support by watching. This program and vote for Julia Kurbah.
He said that the BSF has taken all necessary measures to curb and curb illegal activities in the area.
Shillong, March 09: The Durga Puja festival of Hindus has started today but this year, according to discussions with traders, it is understood that the festival may be smaller because of the lack of people. in the income in this state due to the coal blockade, and other reasons.
Shillong, Jymmang : U Situ Ram Das has lodged a complaint that on the evening of the 4th of this month, unidentified robbers broke into his house. They stole an LPG cylinder from AG Quarter, Motinagar, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The President of the LJP, Meghalaya, Shri Jamil Ahmed on Tuesday said that the collapse of the dome of the new Legislative Assembly of the State has shown the serious corruption.
“I understand the need for this IDBLP programme. Because I am the son of a teacher, I have to struggle in my life because only from my father's salary I have to support my whole family.
Marak and his accomplice Ringrang A Sangma were shot dead by a mob in Ampati, South West Garo Hills district on Tuesday, after they allegedly went to the village to demand money.
However, whether this will change what has happened in these times because many people are now focused on money.
She spoke in detail on the topic of eco-friendly measures and organic practices to use bio-agents, bio-pesticides such as need products, Trichoderma, Beauveria, Trichogramma species and other preventive measures.
The main reason is that many of the educated youth are looking forward to government jobs,” said Bah Teibor Marngar from Laitkseh West Khasi Hills.
Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, said that the drug traffickers are waiting on the streets to steal and loot to get money to buy drugs.
Shillong: Four MLAs from Mookaiaw, Justine Dkhar from Khliehriat, AL Hek from Pynthorumkhrah and AL Hek from Pynthorumkhrah have received tickets today. Sanbor Shullai is from South Shillong.
Nongsiang said that about 368 people have already registered to take part in this walk and visit the crematoria and beautiful places of Meghalaya.
“Shut up.
NESO also said that the youth of the North East should have access to employment opportunities in the offices of the Government of India in all fields and not only in the jobs. small not rich.
They pretend to be wise leaders in front of others and can convince exactly like those wise leaders especially those public leaders who are weak in their thinking.
Until 8 pm, he said that it is a pity because the farmers have had to sit down to sell their produce but the problem is that they don't have a place to go. put your rep mar.
Thus, instead of the Hima continuing to fulfill their duties, they felt that their power had been taken away and that their duties had been protected by this Khyrnit.
It is no longer necessary to take the people out on the streets because the task is very heavy, which should be done properly, we should not allow a law and order situation to arise because the people are in need. for many parts, we shall tie the bsein without breaking the tree.
The seven sites ready for negotiation include Tarabari (4.69 sq km), Gizang (13.53 sq km), Hahim (3.51 sq km), Boklapara (1.57 sq km). kms), Khanapara-Pilangkata (2.29 sq kms) and Ratacherra (11.20 sq kms).
The first, second and third place winners of the marathon received cash prizes of 3,000, 2,000 and 10,000 tyngka.
The JSU urges all environmentalists and those who oppose the Star Cement project to write to the NGT because according to the Environment Clearance (EC) received from the MoEF&CC, there is still time to write to the NGT. NGT to oppose and dissolve the EC of Star Cement within 30 days from the date of receipt of the EC. shakhmat at this time because of the violation of rights and the violation of the voice of the people by the government and Star Cement to ignore the voice of the people.
It is learned that the young man stopped his scooter and asked her the way to go, to which she replied that she did not know.
The State Government has submitted the blueprint but the Harijan Panchayat Committee has rejected it and has requested 200 square meters of land for each household of 342 households in the European Ward. spend also on the house.
The Kerala government has announced that every Sunday, the state will be closed until further notice.
There has been a consensus on this law from all political parties in the country.
The chief guest was the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr Vijay Kumar D. IAS, Shivansh Avasthi, Under Secretary Sports & Youth Affairs, sports officers, leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
The SSLC results are not far away.
“It will not be easy for us to find a solution that is acceptable to everyone, but I request the members of the House to If we walk with the thought that we should not give even an inch of space and do not agree with what one side says, we may not be able to resolve this issue.
Delhi won the match in 2.3 overs without losing a wicket.
The main demand now is that the Government should take action and if the factory does not run it should not affect the workers, because the workers are human beings and the factory is only a tool. .
There are six types of clubs in each group including Students Council, Dance Club, English Club, Science Club, Art and Craft Club and Scouts and Guide Club.
If a law can be passed in the Dorbar Dalariti, then the youngest daughters will be more powerful, because the custom should be to protect all those who have been abused or abandoned, and the children should rule accordingly. family situation.
The transit certificate and health certificate were issued at the Baridua check point where those who bought cows were written on the challan that they could take them to any place and if they took them anywhere else they would be arrested.
There is also another person from Goalpara, who has contracted the disease and he too has a connection with the Markaz.
Joshua Rinlianagente scored the fourth goal for Lajong in the 89th minute to make it 4-0
Shillong, November 27: Police on Tuesday received a tip from Sultanpur Police, Uttar Pradesh that a 7-year-old child has been abducted from Jhuara village. .
Equipment such as TV, computer, mobile phone, fridge, heater, gas cylinder and others are available according to their needs.
After discussing this, the family members have signed an agreement, but they have not signed the agreement, so they have called for another meeting on 20.06.2023 and in that meeting with the priests and sisters. they have rejected their promise.
The WJDSA said that the closure will be open from 21st November and will end on 28th November.
They say that our Khasi country is a country blessed by God and a country inhabited by Gods.
The captain added the second goal from the penalty spot in the 16th minute to give the Hero Intercontinental Cup champions a 2-0 lead in the first half.
Regarding the media, whether to publish advertisements, petitions, songs, flags, flexes, posters and others related to the Lok Sabha Election, they must first obtain permission from the Lok Sabha Election. The Media Certification and Monitoring Committee is located at the office of the District Election Officer, West Khasi Hills.
The incident has caused traffic jam in these parts of the road.
Nongpoh: A meeting between the Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam was held at the Assam State Guest House, Koinadhara, Khanapara on Saturday.
“This is from the beginning of our term and shows the determination and commitment of the MDA-I Government to pass the resolution in November 2018,” he said. “It is the responsibility to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth grade,” said Conrad.
Four months later, on 7th October 2022, police arrested Barabor Namsaw, alias Kyrshan Makri from Police Bazar and seized a bike AS 01BH5 Last year, an Alto ML 10 C 5608 was seized from Bhaijan Warbah of Mawkasiang; However, the next day, Barabor Namsaw escaped from the hands of the police.
Members of FKJGP strongly criticized the sudden departure of Bah M.Kharnaior Executive Engineer of PWD in his speech and for the bridge.
The Benami and Transaction Bill has been amended to prevent illegal activities.
On this occasion, one of the members of the college said that although the Assam government in the Cabinet meeting has decided to provide accommodation for the teachers of the college. The DMC, however, principal Sumitra Hagjer has collected T.5,000 from each doctor of the medical college.
Through the Meghalaya Health and Insurance Scheme, our state is trying to reach all sectors of society.
In November 2015, Chakravorty was arrested for murder and on 27th November 2017, the identity card of the retired policeman was suspended.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahiajer Unit on Tuesday held the 1st Maitshaphrang Award for the best students.
This is no longer a surprise to the MBoSE as in the past years, there has been a stealing of questions in Class X, Class IX and Class XI. “We have appointed an inquiry by the Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah Walter Roy Lyngdoh and he will complete the investigation. “The investigation will be conducted within 45 days and we will prosecute those involved and give suggestions on how to improve the work,” Bakshi said.
No religion teaches evil, but all teach the good of knowing and recognizing God; and to honor and love one another.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC, said that the District Council wants the youth who want to do business in the area, to turn to the area, which is still under the jurisdiction of the District Council. The border of the state, but the smuggling activities have been done by foreigners, besides that they have been doing smuggling activities without providing the necessary documents.
“We don't have anything else to say because the government has sent the Bill within the deadline, it is up to the Governor to approve it,” said Bah Blah.
According to PK Pasi, the District Council in 2011 had proposed to Rynjah Village whether they are ready to take over the RR Colony under the jurisdiction of the village.
Saleng praised the MDC government for taking the initiative to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam.
The Bor District also conducted a plastic sorting race which started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium to Kiang Nangbah Government College, Myntdu Bypass, Amlarem Bypass, Stand War, DC Office, Ladthadlaboh and ended at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He said that 35 kilos of AAY rice will be distributed per household at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head per month at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo. Non-NFSA will distribute 7.215 kilos per household per month at a retail price of 11.77 tyngka per kilo and at a retail price of 12.34 tyngka per kilo.
“After this order of the Supreme Court, politics has not stopped and democracy has come back to life.
According to the Director, she has refused to perform her duties and the feeling is that to pay salary to the employee who has refused to perform her duties, has seriously affected the atmosphere in the office as a whole. She was temporarily suspended from her salary and transferred to the Conservation Training Institute, Byrnihat on 8th November,
The tournament will start with the Ashes match between England and Australia this month.
The report also said that the JEs did not follow the orders of the BDO because they did not report to the BDO every day and this is a violation of his orders.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers, Ronnie said that their cooperation does not mean that the people are also cooperating.
He said this while responding to the demand of the Mawsynram Civil Sub-Division Demand Committee (MCSDC) led by the incumbent MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang.
Bah Teibor, who is also the MDC of Mawlai, declined to criticize the opposition candidates, but clarified the allegations of other candidates against him.
Speaking on this occasion, the MLA of Jirang said that the Jirang MLA also said that it may be that there has been a willingness by the government employees who do not respect the time to come to work. The Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Social Welfare Organization (WDO) has also expressed its concern in a petition to the MLA. Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division should function properly and government employees in various departments should not be arbitrary in coming or going to work and should respect the time set by the government. .
At the 125th IOC Session held in Buenos Aires, the IOC supported wrestling over squash or baseball/softball.
“From the beginning until now, we as the party have stood firm that there is an urgent need to implement the ILP in our state,” said the statement. India to walk, stand or enter the state, but to know who enters and when he will leave the state.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the search for a place to park the buses after the school children have been dropped off is ongoing so that they do not have to walk around but to park near the schools where they leave. the children and had to take them back.
AMDA also informs the public that if they are interested in participating in various programmes, please contact the leaders of the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association on ph 8575667940/, 8794837810.
My three pass books showed that I had deposited T.8,26,070/-.
Elsarica Umdor (EKH) won the women's singles category and Mebanker Shullai (WJH) won the men's category.
Now let us ask and think, what is the power that causes God to change His mind? (1) self-pity for what has been done, or when carefully considered what has been done is against the will of God and there comes self-pity and at such a time, u a person can make a decision to repent.
The tourism policy also works except for providing loans for the construction of residential buildings.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that once the employees of the health department, they informed that they are poor and the hospital does not give them duty in the Covid wards. The nurse is not on duty in the covid ward, but works in the general ward.
Question : You have also said that these Acts will open the way for our courts to avoid the problem of extension of date (Tarikh Pe Tarikh).
“Even if Meghalaya gets the ILP, the state government has to ensure that the ILP will not disrupt the traffic of vehicles that need to pass through the state,” he said. .
In June, clashes broke out at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem, in which Israeli police clashed with Palestinians inside the mosque. sacred.
The first Non-Official Motion was moved by Williamnagar MDC Alphonsus R. Marak to allow for the discussion on the Separate Electoral Roll. The second Non-Official Motion was moved by Dengnakpara MDC Sadhiarani M. Sangma and Kharkutta MDC Cherak Momin to allow the discussion on the issue. B-Mahal is located in Garo Hills.
And our nature is the same, it cannot be born immediately, this action of ours kills us by itself.
The areas under the curfew are wards 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, 15 and
Cheambe M Sangma scored 4/15 points while Grim Sangma scored 2/1
He cometh forth as a flower, and is cut down: he fleeth as a whirlwind, and abideth not” Job 14:1-2
Also present on the occasion were the President, Streamly S Suchen, Assistant Finance Secretary, Cherity Suja, Principal of KB. Memorial Secondary School Wapung, Mr. Heipor Uni Bang and the Head Mistress of Wapung Village.
These hardworking workers are Nibathrang Maskut (Asha), Genebib Bhoi (Asha), Kyrmen Maskut (Asha), Alwot Maskut (Aganwadi), Wanpyntngen Dkhar (Anganwadi) and Mus Lamare (Anganwadi).
Speaking on the occasion, Stephanson Mukhim, Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, said that in his constituency, Amlarem, they have just opened the crematorium on 22nd July 2016 at Padu village.
Sumeet Gurung (3.4 overs: tied for 26 runs: 2 wickets) worked hard but failed to take the wickets of the opposition.
Car passes shall be issued by the Department of Agriculture and BDOs. Police and Incident Commanders shall ensure that There shall be strict compliance with the rules and regulations and prevention of the disease and anyone who violates them shall be punished.
During World War II, Anne was drafted into the army.
He said that 75% of the population in the state is under the age of 35 years, so it is necessary to think for the youth about what they want in life.
Shillong: Two more cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on Twitter.
I call upon the people to work together with the government so that we can continue to improve the quality of health as the government has made health one of its priorities.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting today discussed the seven government departments which have been approved by the Cabinet. .
The State Government has recently announced that the State Government has reduced the revenue from oil and gas revenue. and received T.2; This is too little and too late and it is only the government's job to mislead the people.
He said that he has also worked hard on the development of education by providing ADB schemes to three schools in Mawthadraishan, 15 schools through the NEC scheme with a budget of 30 lakh per school.
Besides these activities, Professor SS Majaw said that the Cell is in the process of producing grammar in Khasi language for which these books have already been written so that the students can read. they will be able to use it in their schools.
That it was Saturday she got the day off.
At present, the shortage of cows in the cow market is very high especially since the Assam government introduced the Cow Protection Act, said Bah Generous.
The election manifesto was launched by the NPP National President Conrad K Sangma at a meeting held in Jowai.
Dr War said that the health department is conducting a search operation for the people who have been in contact with the person. it means it will be less dangerous.
The players are Daniella I Wanda Mylliemngap (Low Kick Junior Girls -52kg), Babit Kharsahnoh (Low Kick Senior Men -51kg), Khrawjutang M Kharsyntiew (Low Kick Senior Men -60kg), Pynshrainmiki Rabon (Low Kick Senior Men -67kg) , Heimonmi Suchiang (Full Contact Junior Boys -54 kg), Jezerel Sangma (Full Contact Senior Men -51kg), Obinas Warjri (Full Contact Senior Men -54kg), Hame Shaniah Suiam (Point Fighting Senior Men -57 kg).
Nongpoh: When the Assam Police blocked the road for members of the KSU and RBYF in Jatalong village, a heated argument broke out between the leaders of the KSU, RBYF against the Assam Police. They wanted to go to Ummat village, but the Assam Police, requested them not to go to Ummat village, because they are afraid of any riots and which could affect the peace and order in the village. these are the villages.
Experts from the Kripa Foundation, Riyoka Surong, Sakani Kyndiah, Gracefulness Thongni, Iada Uriah from the Meghalaya Aids Control Society, Dr Ryntihlin from the Meghalaya Aids Control Society, Dr Ryntihlin Jennifer War head. of the Center for GENDER (Gender Equity and Diversity Education and Research), with Dr Ardoniser Lyngdoh of Martin Luther Christian University.
Alcohol is the most wonderful beverage that the world speaks against and needs all the time.
On this occasion, the Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai, Rev. Fr.Fr.Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar in the presence of Rev.Fr.Hilarious Lamare and Rev. Fr. Fr.S.Truth.
Explaining the statement, CEM of KHADC HS Shylla said that it will not affect the special recognition of the jaitbynriew as there are two District Councils of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. It is a sign that there is no difference between the 25 Khasi States or non-Khasi States and they have become one and for this reason the word United was introduced to show that the 25 Himas and 30 Sirdarships are one.
On the other hand, the union has lodged a complaint with the District Medical and Health Officer Jowai regarding the problems faced by the patients at the hospital. They tried to take care of one of the children and she died only because of torti and mynthi at the request of the parents of this child to take care of her and when they wanted to leave the place. They didn't say anything about the treatment to go to other hospitals but they just kept quiet.
Our nation is indeed a nation that has been deceived by the evil words of other intelligent and clever national groups to attract our people to their side.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Victor, expressed his gratitude and respect to Kong Bilet Tariang, who has raised little by little until she has been able to raise funds to build this large and beautiful church. increased.
The RSS chief said he was proud that the Sangh workers had tried to restore peace and order in Manipur.
From 1962 to 1967 he was the EM incharge of Primary Education and it was during this period that he established about 1800 LP schools in Umkrem constituency. He has been an MDC for 36 years.
This day was chosen to commemorate the death of Louis Pasteur – the first discoverer of a vaccine against rabies.
In Group B, Ladthalaboh will face Niaw Wasa United at 2:30 pm, in Group C, Mawkyrwat, Lumdiengngan will face Riangdo at 3 pm and in Group D, Tura. Khliehmawlieh will play against Wa'sa FC at 3 pm.
Besides these riders from the three states, there will also be riders from the NCC, Assam Rifles and others.
On the current candidate of the UDP, John said that there are currently eight MLAs and he recalled that in 2004, at the merger of all the national parties, in which Loniak Marbaniang was elected, but his vote was 90,000 votes more or less.
According to the reply of the Chief Engineer NH Shillong, he said in English:
Others who attended the ceremony included Ohibait Dkhar, President Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, Village Leaders of Shangpung Pohshnong. General Secretary of the Leichka Dorbar, Mr. Leibiang Papang, and Chairman of the Leichka Dorbar, Mr. Tyngshain Lytep.
At first glance, the readers may be surprised at those promises of God but they are true.
Shillong, July 26: The Executive Committee (EC) on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee (EC) will examine thoroughly the various constituencies of the Sixth Scheduled before introducing the amendment to the Assam and Constitution. “We have not yet found out whether there is anything mentioned in the MDC elections and not to contest for the KHADC. The Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution allows the Council to introduce such an amendment,” said the CEM.
Shillong: The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today held a meeting with the MLAs from the government and the opposition to discuss the current situation of the coronavirus in the state. .
Shillong, July 19: U Bah Michael N Syiem, Leader of the Maitshaphrang Movement, has decided to hold a strike at the beginning of the Budget Session to protest against the delay in implementation of the Marriage Act. Marriage Act in the State.
These leaders who were sworn in by the Chief Leader of HANM include the President, Bah Wanbok Syngkli, Vice President, Kyrshanbor Syiem, General Secretary, Apsait Rani and others. leaders and members of this Unit.
Other speakers were Dr. Easter Meena Blah, Principal, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
The three states with the highest number of cases are Karnataka with 41,664, Maharashtra with 34,848, Tamil Nadu with 33,658, Kerala with 32,680 and Andhra Pradesh with 22,5
The articles are intended to create ethnic discrimination and to attack the Khasi,” he said.
Not at all, as it happens, because we haven't started using social media for more than a year or so (for the most part) and it's usually the case that when we get a new car, we Therefore, in the next few years, we will learn to use social media as a means of giving advice, to build relationships, rather than to visit. to lorni people.
I have heard from many of my friends who have gone for treatment in Dkhar like Vellore, Chennai, Mumbai and elsewhere, that there are no doctors in the West. I'm a doctor in Meghalaya.
Replying to a question, Conrad Sangma said that the talks to reach a settlement of the border dispute should not be to forget the issue, which does not exist, but to At the same time, it should find ways and means to reach a complete reconciliation.
At the same time, the Minister urged the people to take advantage of the CM-Elevate, the scheme of the State Government which supports self-employment.
The court said the government wants to inject everyone by the end of 2021, but said, “For the sake of the people of the country as a whole, the government of India has decided but for those aged 18-44, it is divided in half between the state governments and the government of India and the price is set by the government of India, while the rest is handed over to hospitals. private.
On the other hand, the CEM said that he will not allow foreigners to come and buy.
They were handed over to the Imphal East Police Station for further investigation.
The Minister said that out of the target of 19.15 crore households in rural India, 10.44 crore, or more than 54%, now have access to drinking water.
States/UTs are encouraged to submit their views on relevant issues.
Pohkseh SC and Marbisu SC won the Second Division Football League 2023 on Thursday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah R Kharbihkhiew, Village Leaders, Garo Student Union, Ri Bhoi Regional Unit, All Garo Women and others were also present.
The Conman government doesn't care about the border between the city and the suburbs.
On the other hand, Joplin Scott Shylla, Mahila Congress leader, said, “Narendra Modi has looted India and deceived the people of India and all his promises have come true. These include the money laundering and the promise to bring back the stolen money from abroad.
Shillong, November 16: The Five Star Hotel at Khyndailad, which has been built since the 1980s, will be completed in November
About 10 students from Meghalaya, who are studying at the Central Agriculture University, Imphal, Manipur, have been able to return to their hometowns on the 12th of this month. come.
JAJPUR: A man has suddenly released his wife, whom he had just married, just because he could not eat, in Sukinda, a shocking incident has happened in Sukinda. dohblang, on the day of the feast.
In urban areas, it was observed that the residents can get trucks and vehicles to dump their garbage to the designated garbage dump, but in the rural areas, the residents just dump their garbage. garbage and waste to the streets and even toilets have been dumped into the streams and streets.
Speaking to reporters, AT Mondal said that the owners of mobile towers should pay their electricity bills in advance so that they can avoid being cut off their electricity supply.
The BJP should have understood that it cannot do anything in Meghalaya because its number has ended at 2 as expected by the people.
“Work speaks louder than words”, said Bah Lyngdoh and hoped that this statement will be an encouragement to other youths of the area not to talk only on social media. media but for the sake of the community and the area they should come forward to work or join hands to bring about a clean environment not only in the rivers and streams, but also in many places. There are three dozen aspects of society such as food and drink that have affected many young people.
The post of Secretary has been appointed to Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang along with other office bearers.
He didn't talk about love anymore, but as he used to show that he stood by Rida, he did so every day.
If you are in a group at the time of the tied pyrthat, try to stay away from each other to reduce injury if you are hit by a white light or a pyrthat.
These households include the house and ground floor of Wiwo Siangbood, Rihun Kharuki and Diamon Challan from Tpep Pale, Jowai and the house of Bunki Lanong, Soilin Lanong, Poibiang. Located in Chilliang, Jowai.
The State Government through the Principal Secretary to the State Government, Dr. Shakil P.Ahammed, today informed that the State Government has declared from the 21st to the 23rd as a day of mourning in the State. Tribute to the remains of Bah JD Rymbai.
The Waheh Shnong of Ialong Dorbar Shnong, Ma Bishar Shylla, said that the Ialong Dorbar Shnong has also banned the fishing of fish from the Myntdu and Myntang Rivers using nets.
By 2022, the year India celebrates its 75th anniversary of independence, the government will focus on ensuring that every household in rural areas has access to electricity and gas connection.
According to a notice issued by the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, all Central Government offices, Central Government workplaces and factories under the jurisdiction of the Central Government in nationwide will close at noon until 2:30 pm.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that Meghalaya is not free from the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong: Two Singh constituencies, Nongstoin and Mawthadraishan constituencies, have been in the midst of a fierce ticket race for the upcoming MDC elections.
Time passes.
Bah Tynsong promised that the government will take action to look into their demand and regarding their demand to set up an Outpost in Psiar Village, he also requested them to wait until the end of this Budget session.
All owners of trucks, commercial vehicles, coal miners etc, drivers and handymen, coal and shyiap maw traders etc, owners of coal mines, coal mines, etc. are invited.
We must accept that the conversion of any people destroys their identity because their religious practices and customs are the new human beings, especially the indigenous people.
They include PDF MDC from Mawhati, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong and Fantin J Lakadong MDC from Malki Laitumkhrah who has already announced for some time.
Iapmala Presbyterian Secondary School, Iapmala East Jaintia Hills District has honored three students who have brought glory not only to themselves, but to the school and the village as a whole after becoming the winners. The first school in the Matric Examination of the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
The fire spread to the wooden parts of the park.
The Seng Khasi Kmie invites and invites all the residents of Hynniewtrep to come and witness this free festival.
Bah Marweiñ strongly warned and told the villagers to be careful lest it turn into a story that when the bseiñ is killed, it will turn against them.
Bah Gilbert said that Prof.Sten is a man who does not like his children, brothers and sisters to sleep and sleep, he urged them to strive to complete the because it is the only knowledge that others cannot steal or steal.
Furthermore, during the clash between the crowd and the police, it was heard that these two foreigners also used insulting words.
He said that this campaign is to explain and make the public aware that the Lokayukta Act is now a weak law and if we do not demand a strong Lokayukta it will cause problems in the country.
The tournament will be held at SAI Multipurpose Indoor Hall, Shillong and will be organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA). Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs of the State Government.
“We will be more vigilant if we know first that there are suri,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
However, as it is now, this ground is no longer available, and in the meeting with the CM, Bah Hamleston expressed his happiness that he has welcomed them and also discussed the issue of how to Improve once again this stadium, as it is the only stadium that can produce many of the best players in the state.
In this match, Wahlang was named Player of the Match.
Meghalaya reached the semi-finals by beating Arunachal Pradesh 6-0 in the first match at the MFA, Polo, Shillong.
On this occasion, APSTA also donated equipment to these families.
As a teacher, Mother Anne became an excellent teacher in many subjects.
" That will happen at the beginning of the 1000 years which is the second coming of Jesus.
This Sadhu dedicated himself and sacrificed himself for the Gospel of Christ.
“He said that after being elected, he will try to join and cooperate with any government that will be formed because if he is not with the government, it will be difficult.
Naik led the cricket team for Mumbai and it was during his captaincy that the state won the Ranji Trophy in the 1970-71 season.
The match will be played in single and double.
The Food Distribution Department is one of the most important departments in the work of the State Government and is directly related to the livelihood of the people. In a larger manner, it will bring together the food vendors and buyers and it is the only way to end the starvation that is plaguing the people of Ri Khasi.
You are the word of God.
Jesus grew up in a perfect life, in the fullness of wisdom and power. Jesus began his ministry after fasting for 40 (Forty) days in the wilderness and being tempted in the wilderness. the devil – Jesus has won.
In a meeting with the employees of Meghalaya Cement Cherra Limited (MCCL), they told the Prime Minister that they have been suffering for 13 months due to the non-payment of salaries by the government.
Regarding the raid, this reporter tried to get information from the Ri Bhoi Police, but the reply received from the Ri Bhoi Police said that This was done by the Shillong Police and the police could not provide any detailed information.
The complaint was sent regarding the awarding of tenders for the supply of equipment to Karnataka Soaps and Detergents Limited (KSDL).
However, it was only after receiving treatment with Kynbat from a man named Bah King who lives in Riatsamthiah that he received only 10 tyngka of kynbat, I regained my health and now I am well. .
The order also allows shops to be opened and recognized by the district authorities in Civil Subdivisions and C&RD Blocks of East Khasi Hills.
K. Nongsteng, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District gave the welcome speech while YR Mawlong, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District gave the welcome speech.
The Forest Department of JHADC in September this year auctioned the kseh trees planted in its forest area in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli to Ma Lieh Surong of the village. Mind.
Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Meghalaya, who is also a member of the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hills District, today said that in East Jaintia Hills District, the boundary between the Meghalaya and Assam will be the first to become the areas under Ratacherra.
The Government is created by the people and not only by the poor, nor by the 100-day labourer, nor by the ration worker. In such a situation, there should be a strong mindset and at such a time, it should be an example, that MLAs, ministers, should stand in line in front of shops. shon to show, for example, that there is no great, no small, no minister, but we are in the same rank.
He said that these posts are still available but they have been sent to work casually at a salary of 12000 or 15000 tyngka.
“I don't know why Gratia doesn't go to school anymore,” said a neighbour. .
Sinha said the Deputy Commissioner will visit Kongthong on 16th June along with officers of various departments to do something for the problems of the people.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sohthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, has sent a petition to Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to urge him to fix the shortcomings in the Ranibari Sub. Centre, which is also one of the health centers for the people living in the area on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking on the construction of these sports grounds, Conrad K. Sangma said that in the last three years, the Government has spent up to T.400 crore compared to the expenditure on sports. over the past 45 years.
Therefore, SBYWA expresses its support to the demand of these villages to provide development opportunities in the border area, but opposes them to go to Bangladesh, because it does not want the land to be destroyed. The shyiap of Meghalaya especially Jaintia Hills will be lost only due to the lack of attention of the government to provide development works in these villages.
“At a restaurant near Dreamland, customers are allowed to shake hands with a Bible,” he wrote on his Facebook page.
Nikgam DA Sangma scored a hat-trick in the 13th, 28th and 40th minutes, while Topay Momin (43) scored the other goal.
In fact, on the 17th July, 2022, when Sohra received a lot of rain, the writer was in one of the villages in this area.
At the same time, it gives us the strength to reach the goal.
Conrad said the people have seen the schemes of Mukul Sangma and the TMC from West Bengal and for this reason, they have fled from the TMC to join the NPP. The influx of people to join the NPP will be a witness that on the 27th of June it will be a show.
Speaking to reporters , KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU will not allow the registration of voters to be conducted at the office of the Addl.DC DC, said that most of the people who came to register at the office were people who had doubts, or mynder who came to show their documents from Karimganj, Assam and others.
On the same day, the MLA also distributed money to 26 teachers for their needs.
What is the difference? The biscuit thief steals directly while the biscuit thief steals indirectly.
Mari Born Marweiñ Memorial Secondary School, Lad Umpih, was founded by (L) Bah RM Marweiñ, who was the owner of Mawphor newspaper in 2002, with the aim of to improve the education of children in rural areas and especially for children from poor families and through the hard work of the school authorities and teachers this school has continued to grow in all sides.
When Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat, they were bowled out for 101 runs in 40.3 overs. against Tamil Nadu, the top team from their state.
The two winners will play for the third place at the King Fahd International Stadium on the 4th of October at 6 pm, while the final will be held on the same day. at 9 o'clock in the morning.
After a statement from Rupang newspaper, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem said that the Hima has ordered Bah Donbok Mylliem Umlong to write an application to take back the land from the Dkhars.
Hyderabad were bowled out for the loss of one wicket in 13.2 overs by Chengkam Sangma for 1/3
She said that NABARD is a bank that brings about development projects such as agriculture and others, which can benefit many areas related to the rural areas.
Many coal traders have strongly opposed the marketing of stolen Challans and demanded that the DMR department should punish the people involved.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the need of Pynthorumkhrah and the state is to understand that elections are the election of legislators who have knowledge of the law, understanding of the law and understanding. to the law.
Speaking at the awarding ceremony on behalf of the Greater Laban Community Development Society, Ankur said many people have asked him how he feels about passing the IAS examination and why he chose it. What he gave is that this is the only job to contribute to the people and it is directly with the people and to serve them.
Once there is peace and stability, the nations that love their country should return.
So far, media reports have said that some Congress MLAs, who are also government ministers, have prepared themselves well for the 2018 elections, in which they will be able to contest with the shap. of The Lotus.
The award was presented to Babu Kular Khongjirem by the Minister of Tourism at the recent celebration of World Tourism Day at the State Convention Centre, Shillong. in the village of Wahkhen.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : Laitkyrhong has won the 3rd Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23, one of the biggest football tournaments in the Mawkynrew region organized by the MCC Committee. .
Lamare SC played better than Ribhoi United SC and in the second half before the end of the first half Lamare SC managed to score the first goal and beat Ri Bhoi SC. to win the title in this tournament.
On the other hand, in an interview with the E.E, he explained that now it remains only to hire the contractors who should do the work.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will hold an open to all veteran football tournament at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Five complaints have been lodged against those who spread fake news and the minister wrote, “Please stop the circulation of fake and unverified news”.
Eulaila A. Malngiang from Malki village, who won the title of Miss Global International Ambassador 2024, was honored at a function held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 08: The National Commission for Protection of Children (NCPCR) today together with the District Administration of South West Khasi Hills District took part in the celebration of Azadi. Amrit Mohatsav (AKAM) and the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence have held a meeting to discuss how to combat child trafficking. World Day Against Human Trafficking.
The land and water were handed over by the Dolloi of Jowai Puramon Kynjing to the RSS leaders. In Nartiang, the land was handed over by Hed Sing Dhar, Dolloi of Nartiang.
Explaining briefly about the death of Jesus, the Archbishop of Mawlai Parish, Rev.Fr.Marius Thongni said that there were seven parts that Jesus spoke, which were important, during His crucifixion. .“The first word was, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing' and this amazed the world how Jesus loved His enemies.
However, as the world goes on, the changes are increasing in which man has become more intelligent, more intelligent, more skilled, more knowledgeable, changes have come even to the point of changing the work. Sir.
The village has no development works because the MLAs and MDCs have not paid attention to it, as well as the running of government offices, except for the MNREGS schemes and a few Soil & Water Conservation schemes.
“If the political parties can be united, why can't we as political parties be united to fight for the same purpose and the same goal,” said Bah Adilbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw. He said that at this meeting KHNAM is only an invitee to discuss among the political parties who demand the implementation of the ILP. KHNAM also expects Bah Julius Dorphang who is an MLA and former leader of the HNLC together with other independent MLAs and other Congress MLAs who are concerned for the country and not for the seat. that they may not be present on this day.
Others said, “We have worked for more than 15-16 years, but we are still casual (Sdien Synjor).
In another incident near Singra Reserve Forest, an Alto (AS 01 EE 6267) collided with a tree and three persons were injured. Hashen died and 3 others sustained injuries.
In this meeting, besides the initial proposal, Banteidor said that at that time, the SSA officials had rejected this and wanted to plant natural trees. turf, but after realizing that it was not possible, they decided to replace it with artificial turf.
She thinks he is sleeping because he has been on a long ride.
Shillong: In the U14 Boys category, OM Roy HSS and Riwar Sepngi HSS have reached the final of the District Subroto Cup of East Khasi Hills.
Genesis 1:1.
Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh have reported 16 deaths.
We have to work to achieve the expectations of the people,” he said, adding that what is needed is the cooperation to achieve the goal.
The fight against tyranny and discrimination against humanity is the central theme of KAM. KAM also aims to revive the new democracy and the future. which standeth firm in righteousness.
In another match, PFR Academy beat Kick Start Academy 2-0
“West Jaintia Hills has witnessed the first pilot program using drone/UAV technology to transport Lakadong shynrai from this remote village. ," the ministry told reporters.
USA Eriyon Knighton won the 200m in 19.89, while Femke Bol of the Netherlands set the record in the 400m hurdles in .
They have asked for the assistance of Govt.
On the other hand, the Shnongknor, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that 17 MDCs have supported the motion brought by Bah Bajop Pynrope.
Which other parties have been able to bring many benefits to the people? The BJP is now in power in 18 states in the country and the central government is also ruled by the BJP. Your name has been changed to other states outside the area.
For girls who apply for the AICTE-Pragati Scholarship Scheme, they are those who are studying for First Year Degree or Diploma or Second Year Degree or Diploma Course in any of the following fields. recognized by AICTE and only two girls from one household will be accepted and the household income should not exceed T 8 lakh per annum. The scholarship must be submitted with the application form, the scholarship can be renewed next year. The Receipt of Renewal Application must be submitted through the National Scholarship Portal by submitting the Promotion Certificate from the Head of Institutions. scholarship.
It was also witnessed that the youth of the state have taken up this sector as an income generation opportunity and not just as a hobby.
They also discussed the benefits that should be received by the retired soldiers from the Ex Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS).
And they went all four until it was dark in the sky.
He returned home with a European mother from Spain who had followed him from France.
However, it depends on the type of rice and the temperature of the place.
On the allegation by the AITC Opposition that the MDA government has insulted the teachers, Lahkmen said, “We have not insulted the teachers.
Those who wish to quarry no longer need to apply for NOC from the DMR but need to declare in the form prepared if they take the land for quarrying, he said.
“On our part, we have said that this, because it has not been decided by the AC, is illegal and therefore we want him to remove and if he cannot do this too , we make it clear that we cannot stop our Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM),” said the General Secretary.
Debate- Saidnia in which the Members of the Legislative Assembly took part in a debate and discussion on social issues in the state.
Speaking to media, the Minister also expressed the hope that the Bill will come into force and become law in which the Legislative Assemblies will have women who will take part in politics.
It is to be recalled that police have arrested Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Public & Information Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie on the morning of the 11th of this month from a Pham in Umsning, on charges of drug trafficking. petrol bomb blast at a Pandal Puja.
How will the Roster System solve these problems? As it turns out, there are many errors in the State Reservation Policy and also in the subsequent OMs and the most obvious is in the Roster System dated 10th May. 2022 which is intended to be implemented from the previous period.
Pensioners/family members of pensioners are requested to send their PFO Number and Date of Retirement/Death at the time of registration.
Get this understanding that it is not right to kill yourself just because you are afraid of corona.
On the other hand, PK Boro as the chief guest also handed over a check to the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) for sanctioning money to 691 SHG farmers in the district worth T.7,39,40,0 , to MCAB for 100 SHG Applications worth Rs 1 crore and to Canara for 3 SHG Applications worth Rs 2,50,000/-.
The music track and audio recording was taken by Glikarius Lyngdoh, while the song was composed by Maitphang Syiemiong.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has warned its members who have taken part in the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
In front of thousands of office bearers and supporters, Bah Gabriel also explained about the video which has been widely circulated on social media, in which he gave a welcome speech to Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA. , Nongstoiñ on the opening day of the Girl's Hostel at Pyndengrei Village on the 30th November
The Congress has said Modi is not ready.
The goal of the RMSA is to involve the youth in the area in sports activities and it should not end only with sports activities during Christmas, New Year and other sports events that stay in the village.
“To send unnecessary leaders like Jairam Ramesh to the state shows how the Congress considers Meghalaya to be an unnecessary state,” the BJP said in a statement.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 5: The Sirdar of Raidmynsaw Hima, Bah Hindro Samakha, on Tuesday, after receiving information on the District Council's intention to transfer the Sirdarship of Raidmynsaw Hima to the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiem Ship, on Thursday, He gathered all the Nongsynshar Shnongs and the people of the area at Langpih Market to protest against the KHADC's plan to turn the Sirdar Hima into a Syiem Hima.
He urged the people in the health sector to go to every household with the strong spirit of 'har ghar tika, ghar ghar tika' – The right medicine to every household.
The Best Speaker was awarded to Osmond Suchiang and Kynjailang Salahe.
See for yourself how I do it.
Not only that, it was suggested that Para 12 (a) should be repealed as this provision has weakened the powers of the district council in the state.
They also alleged that the Raid Laban Dorbar is not recognized by the KHADC, but now they alleged that the party has not owned the forests.
Specifically, the Government through the implementation of the National Clean Air Programme, the Government through the Committee will also conduct various training programs for the public together with factory owners and others working with the National Clean Air Programme. Byrnihat has the highest pollution level in India.
The place where Jesus was crucified was the most terrible.
The HNLC has said that it welcomes the government to appoint the retired General Secretary of the party, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew or anyone else of its choice.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Himanta and Conrad said that during the meeting, although it was not scheduled, they discussed the issue of border demarcation and how to maintain peace and order as the two States are working hard to resolve the border between the two States.
In the second match, Mawnianglah Youth SC and Risa Colony SC drew 1-1
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the results of the NEET examination have already been released. However, during his visit to the college, he found that all the preparations have been made for the start of classes.
But one thing I would like to suggest to you is that you should form a society.
At the same time, he urged the students to work hard and also to have that spirit of solidarity for the sake of building their own nation.
This is a Bill which has been discussed since the time of the Congress, but has not reached any conclusion due to the opposition from many quarters.
Besides other awards, the organization also distributed a laptop to these three persons.
He also criticized the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for not having the authority to sign the MOU for the land in Meghalaya, because of the land acquisition system as enshrined in the Constitution. India through the Sixth Schedule is divided into Meghalaya and Assam.
The total cost of construction and improvement of these 48 stadiums has reached Rs 5 crore.
These goods were transported to Assam, Nongstoin and Shillong.
Shillong, Naiwieng : It is a pleasure to have the opportunity to sit and watch movies with old friends once in a while, especially in such a situation. a special day for journalists across the country.
The MIIS has told me that I will receive a call from the DTO office in a few days to collect the documents,” said Bah Marplie.
Nongstoiñ, July 23: The BJP Nongstoiñ Mandal has decided to send proposals to Delhi through the State level on three issues for the MLA elections. the fifth child.
“At this time, when the COVID-19 pandemic has spread and caused problems to many families, especially those poor families, who live to support their families by working in the morning in fact, as leaders, they should not just live in criticism of each other, but should discuss together when there are shortcomings here and there, in order to solve the problem. “It's a good idea to have a meeting with the people of the state,” said Bah Charles Marngar.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Joint Action Committee of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (Urban and Rural) has appealed to the people of Hynniewtrep to attend the Dorbah Bah of Hynniewtrep with dignity and respect. and orderly and with dignity.
He also directed the relevant authorities to come forward for the implementation of the Unity Malls Projects in Lucknow, Varanasi and Agra as well as the training to the MSME operators as required.
Before Wanlambok left home, HANM Upper Shillong Circle had left to congratulate and donate money to Wanlambok.
Nongstoiñ: Unidentified robbers have robbed a quarter of the DC's office in Nongstoiñ on Friday night. steal a laptop with speakers.
“I am a person who shows by deeds not only by words, I don't promise but what I promise I fulfill is my character in the 15 years I have been a leader,” said Ma Sniawbhalang.
New Delhi: There have been some reports in the media that the Government of India has not placed an order for more COVID-19 vaccines.
Chelsea have agreed to sell Usha to Real Madrid for £115million, with Hazard earning £400,000 a month.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah S Lyngdoh, said that the coal mine has been in the area for three years but the district authorities have not done anything to remove it despite the complaint of the village. the you por.
Speaking to the public, Bah PS Marweiñ expressed his deep sorrow over the spread of drugs, which has started to destroy lives and affected the family, because many of the Young people have been involved in such alcoholic beverages and this has also caused great damage to the society.
c.
The two parties said that the Assam and Meghalaya governments should take responsibility and resolve the border dispute as soon as possible.
It can also be a source of poison in many situations.
The Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka, Elios Swer, his brother-in-law, Bah Shanbistar Kharkongor and Rishanlang Swer have drowned after their boat overturned while they were inspecting the area in the Elaka on Friday. .
Through the decades of history of the school, Sayeed Ahmed said that the school has had to go through many challenges, whether it is the obstacles placed in front of the people or the but thanks to the hard work of the members of the family of the founders of this school from the children and grandchildren, the foundation of this school has been strengthened which has always had a goal to distribute education to the children and especially to the poor of that time.
The bodies of the victims were taken to CHC Khliehriat for post mortem and so far the doctors at the hospital have examined only three of them.
Speaking as the chief guests, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew and Bah U Kurbah expressed their happiness that many of the people in the district have begun to understand the importance of cleanliness and Ri-Bhoi District has also been awarded the title of one of the districts which has come forward to achieve the goal of Swachh Bharat Mission.
Supporting the issue, the students said that the 7th Schedule protects the minorities, customs and traditions, ADCs are the main offices of the indigenous peoples, empowers them to pass laws on cultural matters. , and regarding the initiative to clean up the rivers, they said that the ADCs have allocated funds to clean up the rivers, pass laws to punish those who spread garbage and without the seventh grade, the ethnic and minority groups will be deprived of this. you are in the east.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the MPA Central Body, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 19: They tried in the last dorbar but failed but until now it has been learned that the ethnic parties are still struggling and are creating many ways how to overthrow u Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem from the post of CEM. Media reports said that the ethnic parties have not yet rested and are still looking for allies and said that they could bring distrust again in the upcoming dorbar. don't laugh.
Sangma said the opposition will also raise a question on the management of Covid-19 in which the government has left it in the hands of the patients to take care of themselves. The government has promised to set up oxygen plans in the hospitals but as of now the government has stopped.
Shillong, Lber 16: Police on Tuesday arrested three HNLC members from 7 mer Upper Shillong from two Sumo while they were trying to leave for Bangladesh.
:The 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 has brought out the best men and women in weightlifting and in this game, athletes from all over the districts have come to compete for the title.
“Because on our part, we are firm in that view and we demand that the government should do something about the Reservation Policy,” said Dr Syngkon.
Simi's Jaintia film has been nominated for three categories, Best Film, Best Actor (Female) and Best Director.
When we say this, we need to understand that while we accept change we also need to preserve our own, we must not forget to teach our heritage our own Lariti and we must use and explain the the ideas that are incorporated into every Lariti that we receive and use.
But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD, which execute judgment and justice in the earth.
The UDP has high hopes for the MP because it has 12 MLAs and 17 MDCs if they don't leave the party,” said Dr Jemino.
Jowai, November 02: Three political parties including the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF), the Movement For Change and the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare & Development Organization (HW&DO) today met with the Chief Executive Officer. According to the letter submitted to the CEM of JHADC, the residents of Labang Nangphyllut Elaka have been arrested. & Pangam Raliang are deeply saddened by the insulting speech of the Chief Executive Member of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council Tuliram Ronghang on 29.11.2022 during his visit to Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. Hills District Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Nailur 29: Four civil society groups from Ri Bhoi including the RBPM, HANM and other civil society groups from Ri Bhoi District today held a meeting to discuss the purchase of land in Lawbyrwa village. , RBSU and RBPUO, under the banner of the Joint Action Committee, have expressed their strong opposition and decided that they will not allow the army to occupy land in the area. village.
It is worth mentioning that the groups of Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep today turned to the Secretariat to demand that the government should release publicly the report of the Judicial Inquiry into the killing of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
However, this doesn’t have to end there.
The cause of the murder is still unknown.
Therefore, “be not an unbeliever, but a believer”.
After the union found out that Bah Nongtdu has done nothing wrong, the union demanded that he should leave the office immediately. go and report this to the authorities.
AS Mukhim, Additional Deputy in his speech, urged the government officials to implement properly any government schemes which have their own goals for the development of the state and the country for sustainable development.
:In a tragic incident, a man has lost his life after being hit by an electrical wire at Jynkieng Umiam under Mawlai Police Station.
Has the MDA government misled the people by misleading the people? How can the President Rangbah of the UDP who is the MLA of the constituency feel especially that Doesn't the MDA government respect him? Doesn't this government keep the promises and answers made to the media? Kino kino those who do not keep their word and the answer given to them are not true and strong-minded people.
On this day, we see that in schools where many Khasi students, many mothers come to school, but in schools that are mixed, we see fathers walking along with the children. mothers to come and see the welfare of their children.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah said that the committee consisting of 11 members has met on Tuesday to discuss the issues that they will announce if there is a request. call on the Government to discuss this issue.
The reason why God will send a plague of fire on these cities is not only the sin of adultery but also the sin of racism against the citizens and foreigners.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Bindas Syiem of Mawlong Nongtluh Village, Nongpoh Constituency, on Friday, July 6, 2024, alone came to sit alone in front of the Secretariat. .
Our ancestor, the Truth, will never come again because she has destroyed the byrsieh of mankind.
Immediately after the incident, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said that his government has already paid Rs 4 lakh each to the relatives of the victims. The Central Government has increased the assistance to T.6 lakh each.
On the other hand, Holando Lamin asked the Executive Committee on the tender for the Check Point at Mookyndur which is the gateway to check foreign vehicles without Trading Licence.
When the union leaders spoke to the police chiefs in the area, they said that they have taken action on this, but the problem is that there are Khasi who lead these foreigners who do not have the necessary equipment. court papers.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers, Bonney said he took the decision to contest the election after seeing the plight of the people especially in the rural areas.
Tom Cruise, Ben Affleck, Mila Kunis, Seth Meyers, Kate Hudson, Bryan Cranston, Billy Porter and Sharon Stone will also take part in the final show.
Such incidents should not be ignored or blindly watched without trying to improve them once again.
He said that to say that Bah Pala is unemployed is impossible as he has also raised the issue of promoting tourism in Meghalaya.
Excited about this great achievement, Dorothy said that she has a desire to work for the welfare and development of the people of Meghalaya.
However, we know that there are many villages where people have to go far away to fetch drinking water.
However, the President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Sohra MLA, Bah Gavin Mylliem, has acknowledged that there is a proposal from the NPP to join the party. This party but the PDF has not yet accepted anything.
The purchase price for the year 2022-2023 is still less than 40%, ie T.197.83 crore.
However, it was reported that trucks were passing on this road during the work as well as after the cleaning of the road, which made it difficult to build the road properly.
The Association has expressed its gratitude to the Minister of Sports for his willingness to assist for the development of sports in the state.
Bah Sokon spoke and advised his mother and children to love and equalize Bhalang, who is the bakha trai, the son of the Niakha trai.
He also urged the people to be ready to come out and demand from the central government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
They included Vijayaraj and Dhruv Prabhakar (72 not out), who scored 215 runs.
The Sur ki Nong West also expressed its support to Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit who brought this issue in the Assembly to amend the Reservation Policy which has affected the Khasi in the past years. Sur ki Nong West is ready to come forward for the welfare of the youth of the community and the nation.
“I express my concern over the attack on churches in Narayanpur in Chhattisgarh and the request for information on the number of churches in Assam.
Dr Mukul said the government has ordered all the departments involved in the project to improve their jobs including the employees.
In the first century politics was the life and death of the Church, the followers of Jesus Christ had to fight and struggle to survive and continue the preaching of the gospel and the works that Jesus had done. he did (Mark 1:15).
However, according to the investigation, the voice of the people in Nongkrem constituency in these days has turned to Bah Shylla and many talks have emerged that he will contest the election again. “If there is such a desire from the people, we will see,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong: A group of 30 Sying farmers from Mawchynrut area under the leadership of Etilda Rongrin from Umdang village have been cheated, cheated and eaten about 25 lakh tyngka. money to a person who claimed to be one of the leaders of the Meghalaya Farmers' Union.
“As a party, we will raise many issues related to the state which are still pending such as the issue of Inner Line Permit, the demand for recognition of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule and many other issues. “It will be brought before him (Amit Shah),” a BJP spokesperson told reporters.
On the other hand, the union reminded the DC of the blue turning of the Lukha River which has happened since 2007 and continues to this day.
However, it is the second time that Mawlai SC, which is in the top position, has not won.
Because of the violence in the rule, the education and the faith, they were forced into the hands of the people, especially at that time when they were still shocked to be ruled by foreigners.
While Samson did not use that power over himself within himself and did not allow the Spirit of God to control him, he walked in feeling and in the power of the flesh. and thou shalt be blessed.
Shillong, November 13: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Chief Leader Mamata Bannerjee on Tuesday announced the implementation of the MFI-WE Scheme in the country. The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Dr. Nibedita Paul, PD, KRC, Jal Jeevan Mission said that the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of India and Government of Meghalaya have selected US&TM to conduct and provide training on the scheme. The Jeevan Mission.
We look forward to welcoming Hon’ble President to Meghalaya this month on the 15th in Tura and 16th in Shillong.
The lawyer reads it and after that they discuss what to do.
Explaining the decision taken by the state government, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I tell you once again that the MDA government is deeply saddened by the decision taken by the state government. Christmas is celebrated by the people, because of the spread of Covid -1
In a road accident on Sunday morning, a youth lost his life after his car collided head-on with a dewbilat truck coming from Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, July 7: U Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, on Tuesday said that the Chief Superintendent of Police, Nurul Islam, who was involved in the rape of his brothers, should be dismissed. he should have no part in the police department.
The poison was reportedly found in nine out of 10 fish in the Patna market.
Babu Majaw said that in the year 1843, three more missionaries arrived in Sohra and during the arrival of these three missionaries, the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was celebrated. The first was on the 8th of July 1843, when only five people took part and these were Thomas Jones and his wife and the three newcomers.
For more information, those who wish to participate in this tournament can call, 9402190429, 8414093939,
He said that it is too long to cover up the works that the Congress party has done in the state, but let the people judge.
The cleanest cities are Indore in Madhya Pradesh, Surat in Gujarat and Navi Mumbai in Maharashtra.
Conrad said that there are many projects in this project but overall, it is the development of infrastructure in the tourism areas of the State.
However, it doesn't matter, even if it is so, if there are many banks like in Shillong, but outside the city, we will see that as soon as we leave Shillong, there is not a single bank. Banks, or it can be said that there are more PHCs than banks, or that it is easier to go to the doctor than to go to your own doctor.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 03: Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized 10.16 kilos of Crystal Meth.
Also present on the occasion were Vice President T. Thabah, General Secretary Willson Wahlang, local taxi drivers and others.
The Tender was issued on 26th November, 2018, but was reissued with amendments on 9th March,
But along with those things, wickedness also flourished in which thieves were increasing day by day.
Pynshngaiñ shook his head and said he did not want to say anything.
“We request that this person should be punished according to the law,” said the nine in the FIR lodged at Raliang Outpost.
Shillong, November 16: The Shillong High Court, in the judgment of Justice SR Sen, has handed down a verdict in a case filed by Archi Siangshai of Wapung School, Lucky Dkhar from Mookhep, Wanlang Dkhar from Lumshoh Ksih, Rita Dkhar from Mookhep, Bailang Siangshai from Lumshoh Ksih, Ripaya Siangshai from Mookhep and Sida Siangshai from Mookhep. The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary, Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police, Lad Rymbai Police Station, Bah Lukas Shylla, Rangbah Shnong of Pamrakmai, U Diwanis Siangshai, Secretary Village and Daikiwbha Rymbai, Secretary, Pamrakmai Village.
IS Tuwere said, “To take away a person from the Vanua is like taking away from life or from the mother...and to take away the land from the people is like taking away Among the Fijians, land is not a commodity to run a market and land is the heritage of the nation.
Nongstoin, November 9: As part of the preparations for the 2023 elections, the Bharatya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi on Tuesday sent Dr. Shyamal Saikia to Nongstoin to meet with the leaders of the party. The BJP Nongstoiñ Mandal, to explain to them many of the issues to be explained to the public during the election.
He said that if you try to find out that all the land has been allocated to private individuals by the government according to the year of agreement, there is a rule that after the expiry of the period of allocation, The government will calculate the cost of the house or building and will pay back in money and the same rule will apply to the Nongkhlaw Kur,” he added.
“Many times the doctors are stupid, they talk badly to the patients and if the doctors or nurses know how to talk to the patients, the disease has already subsided before taking medicine,” said the Umroi MLA.
He also played badminton in Assam and New Delhi.
Even the cleanliness of the color doesn't seem to be good.
Not only that, the disease has been found not only in Botswana and South Africa, but has now reached Hong Kong and Israel.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: Students from various schools in Amlarem village have marched around Amlarem to call for the need to keep the villages clean.
“We don't need to take a hasty decision, we will hold a meeting in these days to discuss the matter because there are some members who are still in need,” said Dr Jemino.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah P Lyngdoh from Mawlai Nongkwar, who came to buy prah, said, “My children don't allow me to buy prah. and he gave us only that beit u prah ki khñium that we should not go to buy prah.
About 17-18 such Pliang recorders have been released, some of which have been sung in Pnar.
After a thorough discussion with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Prime Minister and National Vice President of the NPP regarding the ticketing for Jaintia Hills for the upcoming MLA Election 2023 at the office of u at Pohkseh Shillong on the afternoon of the 27th July
However, there are members of the state and political parties who are threatening that if the issue of reservation goes to the Supreme Court, the reservation in the state will be reduced to 50%.
The announcement of Sant Dnyaneshwar Maharaj Palkhi was made from Alandi and Sant Tukaram Maharaj Palkhi from Dehu on July 10, which was the largest pilgrimage.
Later that evening, our neighbors told us about the incident,” said Kong Ribayana Khongshut, wife of Bah Seiborlang Jaktung, 42, Rangbah Shnong of the village and another. of those who died in the incident.
On the same day, a book titled 'Kait' was launched by Rangbah O Pyngrope, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
The Model Code of Conduct has been drafted with the consent of the ECI and political parties to ensure that there will be no side benefit of any party or candidate.
Saiñkupar Sunn from Mawkalum, one of the members of this group, handed over the donation to Kong Linda.
In the past, even small children were present, but now we have closed and every month we have a meeting with these smugglers to explain what we should do and what we should not do.
The Dorbar Shnong welcomes all the Candidates of the 2-Jowai Constituency to request permission from the Dorbar Shnong to hold a meeting at the Dorbar Hall at any time.
Pynshailang Warjri, 32, of Umtangar and Banshngaiñ Tynsong, 28, of Pynursla were arrested by the police on Friday.
The BJP said that as the election campaign has intensified and the election day is approaching, the enthusiasm and desire to hold such meetings has grown stronger.
“As an elder, when I hear the voice of the people, I cannot say no because the voice of the people is the voice of God.
Not to mention others, in Bangladesh alone, more than 75 lakh Hindus have left Bangladesh in 1991, according to the census of Bangladesh.
“Many people have expressed that Mathematics should be made a compulsory subject, but for now, the government will consider the suggestions of the Principals.
The remaining semi finals of the tournament will be announced later.
As a result of APEDA's initiatives, the North East has seen an increase of 85.34% in exports of agricultural products in the last six years from USD 2.52 million in 2016-1 to USD 17.2 million in 2021-2
We have taken a joint decision to demand ILP. We will meet again with Amit Shah and Narendra Modi on ILP,” said an MLA of the MDA government. He visited from Delhi with the political parties.
In a meeting between the 13 political parties and the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, Bah MH Dkhar raised questions on the appearance of Malidor as the Entry/Exit Point in EJHD. Three others, Mooriap, Lakasein and Umkyrpong, do not appear in the list distributed by the state government to the leaders of the 13 parties.
Islamabad: A Pakistani man with three wives wants to remarry after his wife gave birth to his 60th child.
In a statement, the President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that the government has awarded an award on the Independence Day to a policeman who has been accused of human rights violations. person.
However, due to the heavy rain and wind, more than half of the riewhadem in the fields have been cut down, as it is still the time when the mats are still ripe.
Other wrestlers from Meghalaya, Kordor Marwein in the lightweight category 57-60kg, lost to Aditya Nagar of Uttar Pradesh after the referee had to stop the fight in the second half. first.
Arwan Rymbai (61) scored the third goal for Mookynphad Mihmyntdu.
For the children under 12 years of age, the tournament will start from 10th June
However, it cannot be said that as the days go by, the number of NGOs or Sengbhalang has increased, as well as the number of villages and townships and the time required for leaders.
The MOC members also accepted proposals for financial assistance and expenses to the country's badminton player Priyanshu Rajawat, World Junior Championships silver medalist Sankar Muthusamy and Diksha Dagar won the gold medal in the Deaf Olympics.
Therefore, the HYC believes that the decision to issue the NOC to Bah Pynshngain is the decision of the Khar rithor from Delhi together with Bah Pynshngain and not the decision of the District Council through the voice of the people.
Furthermore, wholesale shops at Umpleng Cement Market will be allowed to open on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays from from 2PM to 4PM only for the purpose of assisting customers from Saipung, Muallian and above areas with the arrangements and instructions issued by this Office.
We have heard shocking reports that some candidates are no longer hiding this, but are covering up these injustices.
Speaking to media, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that he hopes to win again this election because the people of Mylliem constituency have seen the hard work and efforts of the Mylliem constituency. to bring about development in this constituency.
Thus, martylli is an object that cannot be seen and can be touched or touched.
The truck was driven by Keramat Ali, 38, while the seven others included a 17-year-old child, Safigul Islam, Azibul Islam, Safigul Islam, Abdul Khalim and Nazimul Islam.
“When they lodged a complaint at Laitumkhrah Police Station, the police arrested Theodore after the BLT lodged a complaint against Venetta Kharsyntiew and Rani Kharsyntiew. and Oris Jala.
The Chief Guest said that if the youth of our country choose to become entrepreneurs, without fail and without doubt, famous billionaires like Mukesh Ambani, Tata and others will emerge.
The Young Pirates is one of the Youth Associations of Rangthong Village, South West Khasi Hills District which organized this tournament in memory of Babu TL Pariong who passed away. and the former Minister of Rangthong Village who has made a great contribution to the village while he was on earth.
In the past, during the elections, the candidates used to carry the crowd to show their support with the songs of the candidate and the people used to carry colorful flags to dance.
The party invites all the students of both the districts East and West Jaintia Hills, intellectuals, Doloi, Rangbah Shnongs, members of the Ruling Party and the people's leaders from the Ruling Party. and the Opposition Party to take your time to attend the debate on the VA Bill.
The faithful of this church celebrated with songs, prayers and heard a sermon from the Word of God.
After the discovery of the body of the girl, police are now searching for a young man named Wanboklang Kurbah who went missing along with the girl.
However, he said that there was no such payment as alleged.
Shillong, Jymmang: The FKJGP-Upper Shillong Circle on Friday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Shillong regarding the problem of traffic jam on Umshyrpi Road. -Upper Shillong is not available today.
Nongpoh: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of several villages including Mawdem, Warmawsaw, Nongdom, Mawpliang, Umsohbar, Umkynsier, Pathardaro, Mawskei Lum and Mawskei Them together with civil society groups including KSU FKJGP and RBYF, have decided to temporarily ban the dumpers carrying shyiap from Wah Khri to use the road from Warmawsaw to Patharkhmah.
Speaking on the occasion, the SP said that the police have already registered a case under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Act (MMPO) against the HYC. the investigation is currently ongoing.
Eight cows were seized from the truck and the cows were handed over to the Customs for further investigation.
According to media reports, the Congress MLAs under the leadership of Bah DD Lapang have wanted to change the leadership in the state because they no longer trust and dislike the incumbent Chief Minister.
The Prime Minister stressed the responsibility that comes with being selected in the defense or security forces and said that the Government has taken good care of the needs of the armed forces.
“As the Leader of Nongkrem Constituency, I wish you all the happiness, blessings and health of the 'Shad Nongkrem' “I hope that peace and stability will reign in our beloved country,” said the MLA. The MLA of 3-Raliang Constituency, Comingone Ymbon, came to inaugurate and cut the ribbon of the church at Khlooblai (Khlaw Kyntang) Raliang on Monday.
Nongpoh, Nailar 03: As a joint support for the VPP party, there was also a registration ceremony for those who wanted to become members of the VPP. The Ri B Youth Federation (RBYF) Umsning Circle on Saturday donated a bench and blackboard to the students of Rilong School in Rilong District. to the RCLP School Rilong, after receiving information that the school is facing many shortcomings in the improvement of education.
The HNLC has also expressed its deep sorrow over the violence and killings of Khasi in these areas in the past years, said a statement from the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw. “The HNLC has issued an order to all Khar Nepalis from Langpih as well as from all districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to leave since the publication of this news,” she said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, launched the flag as a sign of the opening ceremony in the presence of the Election Officers and DSO of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Daniel. Dan.
What has shocked these youths is that even after reaching Tura, they have not been able to eat until evening.
At Mihmyntdu, the Nguh ka Dem was completed and from there the Bhang Blai was transported by truck to the Biar Kyntang or Aitnar.
Therefore, the Mind is the most important thing in us human beings that guides each and every person.
