Isn't this the corruption of the Government Ministers and the Speaker of the Meghalaya House? Who will be blamed, only the people can give a unanimous answer when that time comes.
In order to clean, these systems require warm air at a temperature of about 200 to 270 degrees Fahrenheit.
"According to Bah Suchen, our demand is that if the investigation finds that the police or magistrates are involved in the shooting of these two people, they should be punished by dismissal and they should be prosecuted under the provisions of the Arms Act.
He said that the Union has also demanded to provide buses on the weekends for the convenience of the students especially those staying in hostels so that they can travel to and from the campus on the weekends. .
Where else will the farmer, the villager who lives by farming, survive?
On this occasion, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU Sengkmie, took part in the swearing-in ceremony.
Mawkhar Women's Welfare Organization (WWO) on the 2nd March, 2023 to encourage the students who have done well in various examinations who live within the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar. The Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, has organized a program to honor the children and youth.
The union said that T.200 tyngka per truck has been collected once and every day there are about 2000 trucks passing by and that too during the non-peak hours of coal trucks. The running time of coal transporters is more than 4000 trucks per day.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday seized three illegal coal trucks (AS 01 FC 0932, ML 10B6686 and AS 11CC 8056) from Ri Bhoi District. from Umroi, while on 28th November, police seized 15 others from Shillong Bye Pass.
The JSU also urged the Dorbar Shnongs in War Jaintia to strengthen the Village Army and to cooperate with the BSF or Police to curb crime in the border area.
Teachers' Day & Feast of St. Teresa of Calcutta is now celebrated.
“The Prime Minister should take responsibility for the current situation in the state and should step down and a letter on this has already been sent,” said the UDP spokesperson. It is clear that the ILP has been in existence since 1873, it needs to be implemented by introducing some changes to meet the needs of the land owners of the state, the land situation, and the income. of the people.
He said the goal is to select one, if not many, athletes to represent the state in international professional athletes who will compete in the biggest tournaments. in the world.
It is in such actions that this Frenchman, who has found himself in the midst of the poison he has suffered, will warn others to be careful.
Because we see that people are worried that they can't go to the market for Christmas!?.
According to the DGP, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a recent meeting with police chiefs said that every police station should have a website across the country.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The MeECL office at Pynrusla has been empty today, which is also the Pynursla market day. to perform their duties.
The four marathon runners include Balarisha Thyrniang who won first place in the 5KM race and Kong Kyntimon Marweiñ who won second place in the 10KM race. Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin came third in the 10 KM race and Marso Kyndait came third in the North Half Marathon 5KM held at Maligoan, Guwahati on 5th June .
The drama of government formation in Meghalaya has become very shocking and pitiful for our ethnic parties.
The cause of the incident was said to be due to a power outage.
Those who escaped did not know where their parents, brothers and sisters were and fled just to escape the bullets and swords of the Myanmar army.
In JHADC, the Budget Session will be held on the 27th and 28th of this month.
One permit must be valid for 3 (3) vehicles – one copy at the DMR office, one copy at Garampani or Dawki gate and one copy at the truck driver.
It is learned that the price of tyrpad leaves is T.2,500 or T.2,600 these days, but the leaves, which have been bleached, have been sold by the kharkaia. price, which they agree with, they refuse to buy the product, said the man.
Bah Sanbor Shullai, who was the chief guest, congratulated the school for reaching its 50th anniversary in the field of teaching and shaping the future of the students. education.
After the meeting with the District Officers, Khuba had the opportunity to meet with the Hima and Village Leaders of various villages in Nongstoiñ.
Members of the HYC Nongthymmai Circle also suspended the classes of the school in Laitumkhrah.
Ezekiel 39:7.
Anyone who has seen the child is requested to contact 9856616530, 9856501175, 985669740,
A person who is 19 today will be 20 tomorrow.
He said this while speaking at the launch of Dominic Sangma's film “Rapture” which has also entered the film festival in Switzerland.
The households in Syntung live by hard work to Katta Katta as do the farmers from other upland areas.
The purpose of the second season of this special tournament for women is to develop the sports talent of the young women in the state so that they can lead the state. to other states and major international tournaments.
This market was founded in Smit in the 1800s.
However, later on, according to police sources, it was learned that the suspect, Lucas Rymbai, had threatened Bah Shadap with a phone number in the name of another policeman.
Leaders of various political parties in Garo Hills, including the Garo Students' Union (GSU), the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM), and an MDC from the BJP. ) and Tura, Bernard N Marak.
The village leaders alleged that this has shown that the Assam government does not respect Meghalaya and has forcibly constructed the road from Tahpat village (which falls under Assam) and passes through the rules of Langkerroi village to the village. Khanduli (not in Meghalaya).
He said that the area has not received even special schemes for the poor from the Indian government like MGNREGA, PMAY, PMGSY, and other development projects which has left the area in darkness.
In 2021, the authorities killed Phershanroy Myrthong at Golf Links and shot dead Elias L Nonglait at Them Bijoy.
They said that the MDA government has received T. 2000 crore this year for the construction of roads and if the MDA candidate wins, the amount of money that the state will receive will increase. to assist in the development of development projects.
Bindo in his recent speech to the youth of the party, urged those who take this as a goal in life to go and explain to the youth of the party. young men so that they may come together on the same basis.
Seven deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, 03 from West Jaintia Hills and 01 from Ri Bhoi.
He said that the maintenance of the road has been slow, to look at it has been a joke because the workers have just finished work, the work doesn't fit anywhere and the construction is too easy. It is impossible to describe in words how much suffering the people from the shopkeepers, the visitors, the households on the side of the road which have been covered by the soil which has reached the ground, the school children. Besides, the Christmas celebration of the Christians has been in this month of November. How can they celebrate when this disaster strikes? Parents lead their children to walk from the road to church and there are also villages where children used to sing Christmas carols. pump".
Police seized two homemade explosives and a Chinese-made pistol from the suspects.
He said that the student had submitted his documents from Bihar and Rajasthan including his Birth Certificate but he received the PPRC from Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills. PPRC's Thangskai.
you're not going to smoke shisha.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, following the death of a Home Guard soldier, has ordered the cutting down of all the trees in Jowai on Friday.
The SP said that the inability of the security guards to prevent them from entering the Secretariat was due to lack of knowledge and they thought that they were people who came to the Secretariat, but they were expelled. to avoid disruption of the work within the Secretariat.
This happened after the BSF troops conducted a checkpoint near the National Highway-06 in Sonapur and stopped the truck.
Before the elections, it was seen that people were shouting, complaining, talking badly about various issues and there was a lot of criticism of the MLAs, the government that cannot rule properly and cleanly. for the sake of the people but when the elections approached, they forgot about the issues, and spent time talking only about money from the rich to the poor.
The election for the Lamphang will be held on the 13th of this month, which is also the last day of the dorbar synrai.
He said the Modi government has created many schemes for farmers and households.
It really is the most important thing in every way.
“Even the Supreme Court has spoken about the need to introduce the Uniform Civil Code, but those who are involved in politics for their own benefit are against it,” he said.
Perhaps the increase in corruption as we have seen is a collection of funds to spend during the elections, the elections to the Legislative Assembly are not far away, it is therefore up to the electorate if we still want to see the spread of corruption or to see the Government working for the development of the country and the nation??? It depends on the crowd.
They requested MUDA to take action on this issue and to streamline the lines of income as agreed in the tenders to avoid confusion, confusion and conflict of leases. Driver and Helper.
“They have not paid the arrear and have not increased the salary since November 2014 and have refused to implement the bill rate as set by the government,” said the leaders in a complaint lodged with the managing officer. director of the company.
We recall that his speech on Manipur came after many residents strongly condemned the rape of these two women.
He said they would also raise the issue of the settlement of the border with Assam and the Sixth Schedule in the Constitution of India.
When I saw such an incident through the schools in the State where they are allowed to run as they please, I sent a letter to the Minister of Education of the State Government to take action. This is so that other schools cannot take advantage or even try as a source of income through education.
Itanagar: The Chief Electoral Officer of Arunachal Pradesh has issued a letter of warning to the General Secretaries of the Arunachal Pradesh Catholic Association (APCA) and the Arunachal Pradesh Catholic Association (APCA). The Arunachal Pradesh Christian Revival Church (APCRCC) has urged believers not to vote for the current MP election.
The search for the missing persons is still ongoing but the helicopter search has been temporarily suspended due to bad weather.
It is the responsibility of the trial court to find out the truth,” the High Court said.
If you tell the truth, you will build a project and you will not be able to say: 'You are my body, I am yours too'
Regarding this incident, Bah Rubi as a father, urged the state government authorities to conduct a thorough investigation to find out all the facts and also that the government will take all necessary measures. To ensure that thousands of young people of the state who go to study and work in different parts of the country will have peace and freedom from these incidents as happened to his son. .
The Sordar of Thangmaw, Bah T Lyngdoh, said that the storm struck twice at 7 pm and the second storm at 9 pm.
“They also help us to live a good life,” she said. Therefore, this day is celebrated to recognize the challenges they face, their hard work, and to build humanity. person.
According to the KHNAM, only the KHNAM has sent a letter but this too is only on the Office Memorandum regarding the Roster System.
This is also one of the questions regarding this Christmas, soon in less than 10 months we will be able to celebrate Christmas in which we will be waiting for the coming of the Lord Jesus who is true. who bore the sin of all our blood by shedding His precious blood and dying on the cross.
The conversation lasted for about half an hour and then he left and the police took him back from the road behind the court and as soon as he left the court they put him in a Gypsy.
States have been advised to use the INSACOG laboratory network to monitor those who have come from other countries (To detect the introduction of new variants of the virus into India from other countries), to monitor the monitoring of cases through Sentinel Sites (RT-PCR labs or hospitals, health facilities that monitor COVID cases) and to monitor any increase in cases.
Today, the Lecture Theatre-I was inaugurated by the Director of NEIGRIHMS at 10:30 pm in the presence of the Secretary Health, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government. India at Nirman Bhavan, New Delhi.
Police believe that this may have been an incident of a workplace dispute or a personal quarrel.
In fact, the leaders of these organizations including KSU President Don Boklang Kharlyngdoh, FKJGP Marbud DKhar and others have informed the contractor Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) to come and inspect the ground. Heh.
In Ri-Bhoi, one village, one household, in South Garo Hills, one village, 2 households, in East Khasi Hills, 12 villages, 5 households and 1 person. injured.
The Seng understands the great danger that will befall this small nation if this Bill becomes law.
In another incident, unidentified persons threw stones at parked vehicles at Puriang on the Shillong-Jowai road.
Dip recalled that during the tenure of Rgh Sumar Sing Sawian as Chairman of the Sohpetbeng Hill Committee and Dipshon Lyngdoh Nongbri as Secretary, as soon as he heard that there was a foundation stone for the construction of the tower, he thought that Perhaps it was a building to make a name for itself, when asked where it got permission, but the answer was not available, but it remained in the middle of darkness.
When asked whether he is sure that the Congress ticket from Mawlai will go to him, he said, “All the people of Mawlai already know that the MLA of Mawlai in 2018 will be Bah PT Sawkmie from the Congress party”. answered Mr. P.T.
Result: the answer is not available; the answer is the word that is expected.
Nearly 70 percent of the world's illiterate people live in Asia.
On the same day, there will also be a march for the promotion of the Khasi language from the Jaiaw Shyiap Village Council Hall to Student Square, Jaiaw.
The project was constructed on the site of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation's headquarters at Khyndailad.
"Therefore, to worship God or to focus on spirituality, you must have food in your stomach.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 86 and 38 have recovered.
However, it was not clear to the people that they should get any medicine from the government hospital, because even the injection thyrnia, small bandage was written on the medicine slip to have to buy it themselves.
“A public awareness campaign will be held to bring the BJP to power," he said.
On the other hand, the JFY leaders from East Jaintia Hills have already met with the Officer Incharge and after the meeting, the Officer promised to take action on this issue and inform the higher authorities. to appoint a Junior Engineer in the department in Khliehriat so that it can prepare the estimate budget for those villages in the border areas. At the same time, the BADO said that this post would have been in his office, but it is surprising that since he came. He has been appointed as the Officer in Charge of Junior Engineer for more than 10 years.
Therefore, he said that Ukraine needs urgent assistance at this time to save the lives of many people inside Ukraine.
One should not be fooled by half-hearted promises and gifts.
On this occasion, the union will distribute awards to those who have scored 70% in the SSLC examination with distinction, 70% to those who have passed the HSSLC examination with distinction, Graduate Level. 1st Class, Post Graduate Level 1st Class, and others of equal rank, as well as those who have done various jobs which have brought glory to the Riwar area.
Informing about this, the Director General of Police Dr. LR Bishnoi said, “This will be the biggest initiative in the history of the Meghalaya Police.
This animal is very important to maintain because it eats insects, lizards and also weeds.
“We have seen that the Government has extended the term of office but there is no valid reason.
From what appears now, U Bah Tynsong, is still smart and stingy, he walks, stands, comes and goes, moves around and not only that, he is also in a party which is very weak in the party. If the NPP sends away this politician, the difficult thing is that there will be no others to replace him. strengthen the party in the Khasi Hills.
He said the two parties have also discussed the need to discuss how to proceed with the preparations for the MP elections under the umbrella of the RDA. He said both the parties will look for a candidate for the Shillong seat and submit it to the RDA which will take a final decision on the matter.
It is to be recalled that this campus was planned to be built in Moodymmai village, where the village donated the land in 2001-2002 and until 2011-12 it has not been able to be built. After this, the village of Wahiajer has taken back the land which it has donated to NEHU. After this, the village of Wahiajer with a sense of sorrow that this campus should be in Jaintia Hills. It has donated 6.46 hectares of land to the village adjacent to the road from Wahiajer to Nartiang.
In the evening, a free health check up was held at the Community Halls of Khleihtyrchi village in the presence of Dr. Nichwa LS Nongtdu (MBBS, MD Safdarjung New Delhi). ), Dr.Junita Kyndait (PT) Neuro Physiotherapist, Dr.Amedwent Kyndait (PT) sports Physiotherapist and Dr.Eusivia Pasi (PT) Community rehabilitation.
The fame of Chandrayaan-3 is that it orbited the moon from a place that had never been orbited before.
“As a youth, I would also like to bring the Agriculture and Horticulture Office, the State Bank of India and the Apex Bank to Lum Diengiei, to promote tourism and sports in the constituency by building 2 mini stadiums. stadium" said the young Seraph.
In order to continue to monitor the unfinished works, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, urged the people of the area, to support Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, who will be the next NPP candidate from Mawhati for
No entry from Tiara Restaurant to Golf Tri-Junction is allowed and vehicles must drive to Pynthorumkhrah.
The sudden rainfall occurred in the afternoon when the farmers were harvesting their rice in the fields in the village.
On the other hand, no matter how much you criticize, Conrad K Sangma has done his job, for 50 years no government has believed in settling the border with Assam but he has done it on the basis of “give and take policy".
On the other hand, about 1,200 Manipuris have been forced to leave their homes and take shelter in 12 shelters. in Cachar district of Assam.
The Government of India has provided for the needs of the people by distributing various schemes in each government department with the aim of improving the quality of life of the people. It has provided housing schemes, roads, agricultural products, self-employment through Self Help Groups and Societies as well as in the field of health and also in the field of education. read books.
Besides, Bah Synrem said that the case against them is only part of the process but they have a strong belief and hope that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep are with them and so they have no reason to be afraid.
“The habit of arriving late at one's job shows that it is not a government service and therefore, it can lead to severe punishment and arriving at one's jobs accurately. It should be followed by all employees,” said the government department.
The chairman of the KHCF said that the purpose of the festival is not only to showcase to the world the richness of the nation in culture but also to preserve its own culture.
He said that in his constituency now it is necessary to educate the people to fight against the power of money.
He said that now the siatkhnam games have their own rules and regulations.
Joshua King scored in the 47th and 74th minutes, David Brooks in the 63rd and Charlie Daniels in the 95th minute.
The number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 3.6 lakh, bringing the total number of cases in India to 1.79 crore.
:The Khasi song “Jadu aiu sha” has been released on the 14th of June
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the total amount released till the end of June, 2023 is T.349 crore for the implementation of the Smart City Project in Shillong.
John, who contested from the UDP in 1998, has decided to contest from the Congress.
Even China, which produced Corona, cannot protect its people.
(Signed).
The Puja started on the 4th and ended today and went smoothly without any incident.
Earlier, Elias Susngi, former NPP office bearer from Namdong, came to support the INC candidate. Recently, Head Symblai from Nartiang, Lis Suna from Kdiap also came to support the INC candidate. I don't want to work with you or the Congress candidate.
It cannot be said that the first Christmas is a mixture of joy, sorrow and grief.
Shillong: The Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Marcuise N Marak, on Tuesday said that climate change has caused disaster and water shortage in the state.
Do you still agree with this? I am pleased that this government has announced a target to bring about 300 projects in the state. parts to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the state.
In the 48-51kg flyweight category, Khrawbok Marwein fought against Shiv Kant from Bihar.
If we change the NRC of the Government of India, all those Dkhar, Khyllahjait, foreign men should leave our State by taking it since
According to him, the beneficiaries of this decision of the government will be the youth and the people of the state as a whole.
The party believes that in the coming days, the party will receive a reply from the government and the party believes that the reply should be good because this is an issue that has been raised since that por that mynshwa.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Kerbok Malai, Secretary, Asst Secretary, Ri-Bhoi Youth Organization (RIO) in the presence of Bah Givinson Lyngkring, Asst. Ri-Bhoi District needs a 132KV Sub-Station to provide electricity and also to distribute electricity to the villages. At present, only a 33kv sub-station has been distributed. the area.
At the meeting, the ten members urged their leaders and supporters to work hard to bring victory to Dr. Jemino, who is the MDA candidate from the UDP party.
Introducing the Zero Hour Notice through a newspaper in Mawphor, Bah Mayralborn said that the victim was the breadwinner of the family and had many children and a wife.
It is an important step for the provision of financial facilities to those sections of society that have been left out.
The Pentagon has expressed concern in recent days that China is going to build its own space station, which is considered a major threat to US security.
Babu Chosterfield said that these traditional Khasi surs have disappeared because people have tried to follow others by forgetting their own.
“It will be useless and easy if we work hard from within but there is no evil in the country. They will be able to enter freely. If the Government has a responsibility for its own state and especially for the youth, it will implement the same at the Entry Check-Gate Byrnihat. it will be like another disease for which there is no cure," he said.
He also suggested that the government has used the former chairman of the HNLC, Julius Dorphang, who is the former legislator of Mawhati, to bring lasting peace.
The Minister said that on the same day, the foundation stone will be laid for the construction of the Fire and Emergency Service Station at Raliang.
When police and villagers rushed to the house, they found that Bah Dijestarfield had already committed suicide.
“For several years now, households in rural areas have not been able to escape the use of wood, kerosene stoves, coal, cow love and others,” said the Minister. These are the health of mothers and children along with the environment.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Employment Monitoring Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to immediately resolve the issue of recruitment at the Post Office. to the posts of Gram Dak Sevak (GDS), Asst.Branch Post Master (ABPM) and Branch Post Master (BPM).
Thousands of people from different villages of Sohiong Hima, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati as the Chief Guest, other office bearers of Nongwah Mawtamur Hima, who were the chief guests attended the Dorbar Bah. They included Bah SS Osborn Kharjana, Bah Estansing Jana Nongbet, Bah Osborne, Rangbah Shnong and many other elders of the area.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has urged the State Government to introduce a rule to obtain a No Objection Certificate from the Autonomous District Councils for the use of land for mining.
Whoever eats the flesh and drinks the blood of Jesus must do so with an unclean spirit, otherwise he will be condemned forever by Jesus,” he said.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Ministry of Transport and Communications of the Government of India has decided to lift the rule, whereby a driver must sell to complete Class
They were arrested along with the seized drugs and handed over to the Embassy Police in Tripura.
The District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) of South West Khasi Hills District together with the Office of the District Medical & Health Officer (DM&HO) of South West Khasi Hills District on 1st November celebrated World Aids Day. , at King's College, Mawkyrwat.
)The residents of the village including the youth, the longkmie, the elderly today took part in a public meeting held by the village to explain the purpose of bringing in the solid waste. Management to address the problems of the people and especially to bring about a clean environment in the village of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong.
Similarly, the church of Paul to the church of Peter and now to the church of Francis of Assisi and no wonder, said Sohblei Gerald Khongji, these changes are the path that God has led them. Christian son of the Sohphoh Church.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bindo expressed his surprise that he received only a few votes in the last election.
Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya in his speech thanked the Dorbar Shnong Sahbahmuswang for understanding the need and providing support and NOC for the construction of this house.
“I am proud that Mawlai SC has won the title this season and I would like to congratulate the leaders of Mawlai SC and all the players who have brought fame and glory to Mawlai. " said Mr. PT.
“This visit of the contractor from Assam to the site shows that the request of the two Chief Ministers of the two states, that while the boundary has not been resolved, In fact, there should be no implementation of government schemes in Meghalaya or Assam.
According to Hek, the release of the CAA in Meghalaya will give the party an advantage in the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Police have blocked the entry to the GHADC office at a distance of up to 100 metres, but the protesters gathered at Government College in Teteng Aja and then marched shriak and entered the ground floor. The Garo District Council (GHADC) has held a public meeting to demand the resignation of the CEM immediately.
“These children have escaped except for nine others who are still undergoing treatment at the hospital,” said a doctor at the government hospital in Bisfi.
In Baghmara, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal unfurled the flag and in the competition, the Soil and Water Conservation Office, DCIC and Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare won the first and second prizes. bad square.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Momin said that his decision to contest the election is due to the wishes of the supporters, who from time to time come to support him. to contest even if he has to contest as an independent candidate.
He said that the signing of the soskular has nothing to do with the report of the Boundary Committee of the Council which it has sent to the state government.
Expressing concern over the rights of the workers, the Minister said, “There have been a couple of incidents where our workers have been involved in serious accidents in which one of them has declared himself overturned. disabled.
In the midst of this spectacular match, the judges decided that Thapa won to the delight of the fans.
“The Congress MLA's opposition to the implementation of ILP in the state is because before he met the Prime Minister, he had met with the Congress party from Meghalaya,” he said.
To create the Kudi Nar book you have to program the remote to understand how to operate it.
“I would like to inform you that the State Government has received many complaints from the students of Meghalaya regarding the postponement of CUET examination outside the State such as in Ranchi, Jharkhand, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Kolkata and other States. “It's a good idea,” Conrad said in the letter.
Speaking to the public on the occasion, Bah C.Syrti, said that the police are deeply concerned about the rapid increase in the number of youths who have been involved in drug abuse. The threat is not only to the District but to the state as a whole.
Ma Kerios Wahlang immediately said, 'Parad Haridon is a brilliant star, and on All India Radio I have been able to improve my skills; then Mr. Berrywell Kyndiah first mentioned and taught me about the money.
He said that the union has not only lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District regarding the allegation of collection of money from the syiar trucks, but the union has also sent a copy of the letter to him. SP of Ri Bhoi District to take action on this issue which affects the people of the state.
However, if these things are different, the time will come.
“This program will include topics such as the challenges faced by people with disabilities, climate change, pandemics, and other issues related to you live your life.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah RV Syngkon, Registrar, Sandrew Syiem, Environmental Engineer, MSPCB, Dr Jemima Marak and Dr Paul Bhaggien, Vice-Chancellor. Meghalaya has been able to hold the Indian Kayaking Canoeing Association (IKCA) Selection Trials at Whitewater Village on the 18th and 19th of this month to select the Indian team to participate in the IKCA Selection Trials. the ICF Canoe Slalom World Cup 2024, and the Kayak Cross events which are the main events for the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.
However, the family is also one of the groups or groups that have been stigmatized and treated unfairly in society today.
Akash K Choudhary took one wicket while Sanvert Kurkalang took one wicket.
If we neglect to follow the customs and traditions of what we call culture which teach us many new doctrines just because we have become Christians, it is wrong.
The Christmas season has arrived and in all this is a season of hope.
The e-scooties and e-autos were launched by the Editor of The Shillong Times, Padmashree Patricia Mukhim who was the chief guest in the presence of the President of the Shillong Press Club (SPC), Bah David Laitphlang. , Managing Director of JETS24x7 Pynskhemlang Uriah and others who were invited.
More than 300 people took part in the march.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 13,387 with 437 deaths, 11,201 still infected and 1,748 recovered.
He said that on the 21st of November, he will lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Indoor Multi Complex at Umkoi which has been received through Khelo India at a cost of Rs 8 crore.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday recovered bombs, pistols and flags of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) from parts of Ri-Bhoi district.
According to reports from Spain, Putin is still fighting tuberculosis and other illnesses.
“It is important to accept that the resignation of Bah Manbhalang should not disrupt the progress of the peace talks.
The Government of India has introduced the Act under the provisions of the Citizenship Act 1955 and the Citizenship Rule 2003 which aims to issue Identity Cards to all Indians.
“The people won the election not because I helped them, it doesn't make sense to hold elections to attract votes by leading other people to show to the people, I myself am contesting elections I don't need to lead anyone. “Whoever gets the vote, I will stand up and go to the people,” said Bah Don Massar.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has submitted a proposal for the construction of a residence hall so that the cricketers can stay there for a while during their training.
He said that all the government's activities have been linked to the visionary objectives of the state to achieve the target of 10 billion US dollars and to improve the income of the citizens.
Finance Bill- The Beityngka Act is a Bill to be brought to the Legislative Assembly every year according to the allocation proposed by the Central Government for the coming year which may include other allocations. use more and more according to the demands to build and develop the society in the state.
Due to the increasing influx of tourists into the State, the Court has directed the State to put up 'Do's' and 'Don'ts' signs, within which tourists do not They can cross the border to go near the rivers and also to prevent the smuggling of certain goods such as plastic and others.
He said that the area is a hotbed of crime and recently, there was a clash with members of the armed group led by Singbirth Marak alias Norok who formed the armed group. United Achik National Front (UANF).
She demanded that the police should find out whether the contractor who did the work has any information about the work and she demanded that he should be prosecuted under the rules of law.
We decide to publish a comprehensive report from our latest effort and to further improve the model to fit all schools and colleges, in any district.
We need God in our lives and this world cannot give us hope in our lives.
However, the surprising thing is that Maduh hasn't eaten since 1989 and now he hasn't eaten for 32 years. so many kinds of meat with jhur.
But if you are a convert, the work itself defines you and the answer you will receive is the fruit of your faith.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Three Congress leaders, including DD Lapang, SC Marak and HDR Lyngdoh, Cabinet Minister, today at 10.30 pm, met with the Congress leaders. He met with AICC President Sonia Gandhi at her residence on 10th January in New Delhi.
The Achik also demanded that Tura be made the second capital of Meghalaya or the rainy season capital for many reasons such as lack of income, differences. and the kingdom among the Garo people.
“The reason why I decided to contest the election is because many of my supporters have encouraged me to move forward after the 3rd Raliang Constituency has been neglected too much and lacks development works,” said Garod. also Secretary Raliang Constituency UDP Circle.
Police sources said that the SRT team was able to recover the body at 12.30 pm today, and it took up to 10 hours to recover the body. The body of the truck driver was found at a distance of 200 meters and at a depth of 400 feet.
The government said government departments have been directed to collect the requirements and send information to the committee members.
“They are people who have received training.
We have to hope that our youth will wake up and be hardworking and diligent in their studies so that they can achieve success like other nations.
Earlier, speeches were delivered by Paiem AS Malngiang, Syiem of Mawsynram, Rangbah Shnong of Syntein, President Secretary of Seng Khasi from Kenmynsaw, Kenbah, Mawkaphan, Jympiat, Mawsynram and others. The Khasi people are far away.
She said that the ECI & AIR, which are known for their transparency and public relations, have worked together to ensure the ability to provide information to all.
This we see often in the newspapers.
In the last six months, more than 85% to 100% of the officers in government departments in Mawshynrut have come to work part time, thus the relationship between the people has improved significantly.
He added that they have taken all measures to ensure a clean, orderly, participatory and peaceful election.
“It is sad to know that after some residents have complained to the contractor about this method of cleaning.
I was one of those too.
At the end of the meeting, the organizers of the meeting said that so far 158 letters have been received by the District authorities. and MSPCB, who have expressed no objection to the Company.
The Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF) has elected its new office bearers by re-electing Bah PT Sawkmie as President and Bah Wanseng Jyrwa as Working President.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor said that the Republic Day is a great day and we should stand firm in upholding the principles as written in the Constitution of the country. pay tribute to the leaders of the country and the soldiers of the state and the heroes who gave their lives to defend the country.
In the first innings, Meghalaya scored 58 runs for the loss of the first wicket when Sachin Kumar (41 off 86 balls) and Nishanta Chakraborty (46 off 25 balls) scored 58 runs.
According to the Chief Superintendent of Police, the student who sent the complaint has not received the allowance he should have received as many of them have not completed the Online Course and have not yet received a job. tell the report.
They want to choose themselves, but God takes these ignorant, ignorant, slaves, poor, hopeless, who have not yet received the right to choose leaders and to them He says, you choose the leaders.
Knuk-khnuk-khnuk the sound of the man's juti sounded and she immediately heard the voice of her brother.
Vincent Pala, MP was the chief guest and opened the tournament and Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC Mairang was the chief guest.
Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, Captain of the U-20 National Football Team, Halen Nongtdu, was the chief guest. the soul of the children played.
Himalaya also urged the government to talk to the teachers and not to listen to their demands.
Speaking on the statement of ACHIK to the VPP and its leader on the grounds taken by the VPP regarding the Reservation Policy and Roster System, the HNYM expressed its full support. “We have heard that they have accused Bah Ardent and the VPP of wanting to create national unity but I would like to remind you that it is not as they allege but that the VPP sees the allegation. On the other hand, the Reservation Policy is fully supported by the party and it should not be misunderstood that we support the VPP for any reason but it is because it is based on the needs of the people. “If other parties take the same step, we will fully support them,” he said.
UDP candidate from North Shillong Dr Aman War has assured to make the constituency shine like a ‘diamond’ if elected as its representative.
He said the BJP has decided to immediately abolish the rule of the same family in Telangana, West Bengal as well as Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Odisha, which are states where the BJP has not yet. get faithful to rule.
Don't waste the golden opportunity when the opportunity opens up to join the honorable job of defending the country.
Earlier, Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Assistant Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong welcomed all those who attended the event and Vairagya Chaitanya Maharaj expressed his gratitude.
Antonio is now the EM of the EC led by Pynshngain with the support of the UDP, KHNAM and MDCs.
Isaiah had already prophesied, “For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former things shall not be remembered, nor come into mind” Isaiah :17.
When asked about the District demand of Dr Donkupar Roy for Sohra, Lyngdoh said that the government which comes from time to time and to grant the demand only from for one man is not right and good.
The SP said the police department has already set up Flying Squad Teams (FSTs) and Static Surveillance Teams (SSTs) as directed by the ECI. these two groups were already on their assigned task.
The injured children were identified as Om (9), Daphalang (10), Zacefron (11), Johana (11), Wanplielad (11), Dangohipaia (11), Adonhi A Jyrwa (11). 8), Elishua Marbaniang (11) and Rishobh (12), who were treated at the Civil Hospital and later discharged.
Regarding the destruction of the signboard in Barapathar, the village has lodged an Ejahar at Pillangkata Police Outpost, demanding the immediate arrest of the perpetrators. which happened yesterday.
D.Marbanniang said that the act of these robbers to break the lock of the teachers' room of the school is a serious crime, and said that all the people should The school authorities have strongly condemned these robbers who have committed the crime.
The SP said the police department has already set up Flying Squad Teams (FST) and Static Surveillance Teams (SST) as directed by the Election Commission of India (ECI). started to work sharply.
Shillong, Nailar 3: Dozens of times it has been seen that Khasi women have been victims of this scam, but not all of them have taken action to avoid this scam on Facebook.
The KSU has demanded that the BSF troops should be sent to patrol the border and not to sit on the highway to harass the paradoh parasnam.
When asked what will happen to the NPP candidate from Mawkynrew if the PDF MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh is accepted, Prestone said it is not only in Mawkynrew constituency, However, any MLA who has joined the constituency must first honor the MLA in that constituency.
The Commandant BSF and his team were welcomed by the elders of Tmar village, and by all the elderly, youth, women and men to witness these good deeds donated by the BSF. The Indian song Jana Gana Manaba was sung by the children of the village.
The Budget Session for this year will be passed by the House on 21st June
Speaking at the Bangladesh Investment and Policy Summit 2016 in Sylhet, Dr Mukul said, “Economic growth in Bangladesh is inseparable and will bring hope to the North East as well”.
In these days, we see only tragic events.
Bah Mawthoh said that the party's top leaders, office bearers and members will take part in the meeting.
When these people meet the people of the land, the unemployed or the wicked become demons.
Pala said that no allegation has been sent to James, he has been appointed to look after Mawphlang, but every night he phones the MLAs, MDCs, Youth Presidents to He said don't help the Congress, don't win.
The Washington Post reported that the sound is not easily heard by human ears, but when special equipment was used, it was found to have a sound that makes please be afraid.
After not tied first, EKH scored 173 runs for the loss of nine wickets, with Doilna Martin taking three wickets for 34 runs for Ri-Bhoi, which scored 55 runs in Group A. Zone 1.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : Several former Olympic rowers will come to Umtham, Ri Bhoi District to take part in the rowing race.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, today inaugurated the newly constructed PWD road at Lumdorbar Upper Lumparing, funded by the Special Plan Assistance of the PWD scheme at a cost of T.66,54,7 bring.
When asked about the issue of land acquisition, Bah Mawthoh said that the government has now been informed of the issue of land acquisition.
Fortunately, in India there are no more Hindu, Muslim and other kingdoms and kings.
He said, “The 25th anniversary of Mawmer shows that you have unity, otherwise 25 years is difficult amidst many challenges.
Although kwai can increase the risk of cancer, remember that tympew leaves contain anti-cancer compounds.
She is also famous not only in the North East, but has also appeared in the world through the release of the film Ïewduh.
He said that even if Heirtami Dkhar claims to be a tenant in the village, this cannot be accepted because his name in the Tenancy Act, 2021 of the Dorbar Shnong Ialong is not found in the Tenancy Act. Recognized Certificate in the Village.
Referring to NEEPCO, Prestone said that there is no problem at all, the only problem is the loss of these two power plants. .
“We will start again next month and we will complete as much as we can before the deadline,” the source said.
Shillong: Speaking to Rupang, VGK Kynta, a senior lawyer, said that it is a shame for the state government to be fined up to Rs 2 crore by the Meghalaya High Court. High Court) haba ïa dei bad ka jingkhaïï be-aiñ bad ka jingtih mawshun shaba palat pud hynrei kum ka sorkar kam don satia ia ka jingsngewlehraiñ.
The result was that East Khasi Hills District has taken the top spot in the medal table, after winning 10 gold and 5 silver medals. and 3 Silver medals, the second district was Ri-Bhoi District which won 5 gold and 2 bronze medals. North Garo Hills came third with 2 gold, 4 silver and 1 bronze medals.
They urged the MLA to take action against the dangers of drugs which has increased the number of youths who are addicted to drugs and to protect them from HIV/AIDS and to promote sports to save children and youth. from the evil spirits.
Schools across the state have been severely affected by the strike by teachers who have stopped teaching classes from the 11th to the 13th of November.
Donkin tied for 104 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 24.4 overs.
Nongpoh: The driver of a truck (ML-05-Z-9460) has been seriously injured in an accident on the NH-6 between Nongpoh. The truck (NL-01-G-6729) was parked on the road in Nongpoh.
However, before the election, the Election Committee should have given the ticket to another candidate, Bah Lambor Malngiang.
“He said it depends on the choice of the people,” he said. “The people still trust the Congress.
Earlier, Giluwaji said the government's announcement to celebrate the 14th as Digital Day in the country should commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, the father of Digital Day. ritual regime of the country.
“Now if we have a strong group, a group from the North East...25 MPs, they will listen to our suggestions,” he said.
These help to speed up and speed up the growth of the plant.
There is a report that Rs 149 crore has been paid to the contractor who is supposed to install the smart meters or devices that measure the electricity consumption of each household.
Shillong: The National Press Day was celebrated in Shillong today.
Shillong, June 05: U Fr M Thongni, Rev. Mawlai Parish, on Tuesday explained the complaint of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to withdraw the book 'Dienjat Ki Longshwa' written by Fr. Bacchiarello from Italy. He said that when the Missionaries came to the Khasi Hills, there were no LP schools run by the government and people had to go to Guwahati and for higher levels they had to go to Kolkata.
Delhi Police Special Cell and Crime Branch have arrested 51 leaders of gangs and 217 middle-class robbers. In the past 7 months, several firearms, including AK-47, MP-5, Grenade Launcher, hand grenades and others have been seized. than the government.
A mock drill was prepared on the earthquake incident which happened at 9 pm.
During the raid, the KSU visited the main market in Mawlai.
Shillong, July 19: The Mawjym Crematorium has now become the property rights of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, as the land has been registered with the State Government, said Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. the Seng, in an interview with Rupang.
After investigation, police have arrested others involved in the case, and have received information that there are still drug traffickers in the lower areas. Mawprem, police have arrested four others, from whom they have seized 20 boxes of soap and 20 small tins containing heroin weighing 286.71 grams.
This year's theme is “SIGN LANGUAGE UNITES US” where the organizations of the deaf together with the government and NGOs, need to join hands to develop and to be recognized as an important language in society.
Douglas D Warjri (Daling) 90 years old husband of Sara Syiemlieh and father of Lamphrang, Cornelia, Iban Pynshngain and Alvarinia Syiemlieh passed away on Thursday 24th June
“Not only to implement the schemes, but the state government should provide the accounts, the utilization certificate (UC) because they cannot provide it. the state government cannot implement.
This is part of the ongoing improvement in the salaries of all cricketers under contract.
Hr SS Shillong out of 47 posts which have been allocated 3 vacancies since 2021 and also no Principal since
Kumar, who became famous until 2015-16, when he was busy attending various events in his home state of Bihar and said that every month, he was busy for 40 to 15 days. to attend various programs and it was during this busy trip that he became stingy in his studies.
“There is one primary health center in Aradonga.
East Khasi Hills has 107 active cases, West Garo Hills 42, Ri Bhoi 126, West Jaintia Hills 37, South West Garo Hills 15, South West Khasi Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills 12 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 13, West Khasi Hills 7 and East Garo Hills
The General Secretary of the UDP is not an MLA, but he has accused the MDA of passing through the Coordination Committee of the MDA as well as the BJP. I don't know why I was removed from my mum mum's position.
He said that Kimin falls on the border of Papum Pare district of Arunachal Pradesh, where Khandu and Rijiju were allegedly misunderstood and misused their powers. , by which they have despised the state and the people of the state.
In this incident, heavy fire engines were unable to access the scene due to the narrowness of the driveway.
As we have been advised from time to time in the past, we should train ourselves to be thoughtful, disciplined, knowledgeable and to do anything in the right, good and right way. danger to others and to yourself.
“It is the wish of everyone to see a government led by the ethnic parties come to the state,” he said, adding that all the parties have agreed to move forward.
The main purpose of the CAB is to fully rehabilitate the foreigners who have been living in the area for a long time.
Therefore, the union requests all the owners of trailers as well as the drivers of these 18 tire trucks to cooperate with the union so that it will not cause any problems.
But it was long.
The meeting was conducted by Rev.B.K.Syiemlieh followed by a speech by Bah H.S.Diengdoh, welcome by T.Bn.
People who have been confirmed positive for SAR-2 COVID-19 through testing; The COVID-19 vaccination will be extended for 3 months after receiving the test.
The group, supported by members, is ready to take action, including a site inspection, if the agency fails to respond in a timely manner.
The office bearers of the Kyndongtuber Unit were elected as follows: President Harbiwel Kyndait, Vice President Moses Dkhar, Secretary Ngaitlang Chyrmang, Assistant Secretary Everlastingson Pakma, Treasurer Rilinius War.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has directed the organizers of the rally to ensure that there will be no slogans against other ethnic groups by these protesters. take part in this rally.
The winners in the women's freestyle 50m category were Gesefanaria Marweiñ (10 – 11 years old), Saphiwanlang Nongbsaw (15 to 17 years old). They were the Barikinti Nongbsaw, the Orpalis Marngar, and the Phibawanpli Lyngkhoi.
Shillong, July 8: Three Khasi singers, R. Waroh Pde, Indira Shullai and Glocester Nongbet have been honoured on the 7th of July.
The magistrate's inquiry will be headed by the Additional District Magistrate, Bah R Wahlang to investigate into the fire which has destroyed the house which has been in existence for more than 110 years since
Thomas said that since the new OM does not contain the word 'snem' and the word 'cycle' has been introduced, the backlogs will not be lost or die and will remain because the is a retrospective roster dating back to July,
Mbappe opened the scoring just seven minutes later and scored the second in the second half.
Mawkyrwat: Up to 17 households have been damaged by a strong storm which struck Nonglang village in South West Khasi Hills District on the night of the 22nd of this month.
At least 43 people have been killed in a tsunami caused by a volcanic eruption in Indonesia.
The Committee will soon send a report to the Executive Committee and the EC will take the necessary action after the EC meeting. Shillong: Members of the Congress party, today held a protest at the parking lot of the Congress Bhavan, at Thana Road Shillong, at 12 noon.
“It seems that the government has spent all the money and that money is easy to eat, it seems that no one is looking at the accounts or judging because getting so many billions is not easy but by “With the knowledge of the government, we have been able to sign an agreement for the benefit of the state,” said Prestone.
The ceremony was conducted by Bah Ronald Syiem, Bah Bikram Marak, Bah Garod LSN Dykes and finally Bah Gabriel Wahlang who was also the chief guest. day.
“Prestone Tynsong's statement is like a child's statement because there is no explanation on the appointment of MS Rao in place of Hector Marwein as the new Chief Secretary of the state”.
Shillong, July 28: The War Jaintia Limestone Miners Association (WJLBEMA) Spokesperson Dolly Khonglah has urged the Minister of State for Forests, Prestone Tynsong to arrest the members of the WJL BEMA. because they have followed the government's order to continue the export of coal to Bangladesh.
“Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have attacked the Mahadev Khola Mandir, Shillong.
He said that if the road is built, 60 villages will benefit, but they said that the CEM has not promised anything on their request.
Among all these, there are groups who have asked for a real purpose, in order to explain to the people what has been hidden or done by the MLA during their three-year term.
Anishur Rahman, the driver of the tempo and son of Sarhab Ali, owner of a furniture shop at Chibinang, PS Phulbari, West Garo Hills, abducted the victim. this child to be set in a place she doesn't know.
On the part of the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, he thanked Bah Teiborlang Pathaw who from time to time comes to meet and monitor this scheme for the benefit of the people.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has alleged that BSF troops patrolling in Sonapyrdi allegedly opened fire and bombed people and damaged vehicles on 21st June.
It was further complained that during the curfew, but the trucks carrying cows were running slowly and this shows that the police, allowed the trucks to smuggle goods to Bangladesh, even during the curfew. He said that even the BSF has not stopped the movement of Bangladeshis, who are still reaching many border villages in Riwar area.
They invited the public to attend the information session which will be held at the All Saint Cathedral Hall at the IGP. They also visit Thailand and Bangkok during their holidays.
The body of the deceased was post mortem at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong and handed over to her relatives.
Paintings of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills from the 1800s to the 1900s.
About 23 candidates who were scheduled to contest the Assembly elections on June 19 in Arunachal Pradesh have criminal cases against them, the source said.
The Airtel network in Mynsngat West Jaintia Hills and surrounding villages has been shut down for more than three months now.
If the MDC elections are held in June 2024, the results of that election will be another stick to decide who will win the MP Lok Sabha elections.
The final match of this year will be between Umrynjah Presbyterian School and Christ Church Morning School.
In his life as a public leader, PA Sangma has touched many people and is one of the leaders who has inspired the youth to enter the political world, he said.
The program was conducted by Babu JJ Lyngkhoi and welcome speech was delivered by Tbn Laitsing Nongrum President MC and welcome speech by Babu G Marbaniang Head Master of the school. .
Besides, Bah Sungoh said that in the report sent by Assam, it has identified three reasons why it has expressed its views.
The semi final will be held on the 20th of January and the final on the 22nd of January.
The cows were handed over to the Dawki Police Station and the police have lodged a case under Section 11 of the PCA Act.
Jowai, June 18: The Nongbareh Rim Village Authority of Amlarem Sub-Division has denied the allegation by a group led by Starlight Talang which has appeared in some media that there is a violence. beh and tait shnong and the violation of the rights of 66 families who are fighting against the village authorities.
Shillong, Iaiong 16 : A police officer named Vicky Biswa has been arrested on charges of misusing the funds allocated to purchase equipment to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The people of Meghalaya should no longer rely on the propaganda of these leaders.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The semi final of the SSA U-14 (Boys) Football League 2023 was played at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday. They are Umphyrnai SC and PFR Football Academy.
“With the support of the Chief Minister, we have launched the Meghalaya Tourism Policy 2023 in which there are two main pillars, the vision and the principles. “We have discussed 10 issues on how to promote tourism in the state,” said Bah Paul.
The road we walked that night was easy, but we had to stop to wait for those who came from behind for fear that they might go wrong from another road.
Regarding the surrender of weapons, he said the party will take the necessary action according to the rules of law.
Zenith said the government has allocated T.60 crore for the construction of the house.
Shillong, April 25; The District Administration on Friday visited the area to inspect the areas to allow the vendors to sell their goods and to reduce or reduce the area where they used to sell their goods to make it more clean. footpath as part of the implementation of the court order that the government will look after the welfare of the land owners by implementing the central government law.
vi) Premchand Fellowships for Khasi writers writing in Hindi.
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
According to reports, the collapse of the well happened at about 5 pm.
The myrsiang replied, “I came down here to drink this water, which is very sweet” and invited the blang sohmoh to come down to the pond and drink this water. water is bad.
The Department of Sanitation, SBM will continue to conduct awareness programs in other villages as well and it is expected that this project will be a success and through this project cleanliness in the villages and townships in the district.
He said that for this Expert Committee, the government has decided that it will be a committee of three members.
“Unfortunately, there are places where the elders have to give way to the women and that is the best thing we can do for the country,” she added.
Shillong, Naitung 31: A 19-year-old girl from Mawlai Nongkwar has been found dead at 5mer, Upper Shillong on the 30th of this month.
Sometimes Job says – Why didn't I die from the womb? Why didn't you lose your temper? Why do you receive me? Why do you cry?  Job 3:11-12.
Mewad Shylla scored more than half a run for the team, 72 off 62 balls, but the skill of the opponent's bowler (7/15) turned the tide. In the second half, Ri Bhoi scored 5 runs in the over and reached 318/10 in 58 overs. Laxman Gurung (82 to 86) and Ananth Malik (58 to 40 balls) scored half centuries.
The State Government has approved a new Tender Committee for the transfer of 108 Emergency Services to a new company.
The government's desire to dam the Khri River has been fulfilled for a long time if it is government land, but as it is a private road, it has not reached the goal although it is a necessary task.
Only in Him can you be saved from those troubles, nowhere else.
He said the government has also set up a committee comprising members from the Cabinet Secretary, Home Secretary, Coal Secretary, Law Secretary and Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to develop measures and procedures on the issue. this.
Nongpoh, Jan 06: Former UDP MDC and Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri Bhoi District has joined the National People's Party (NPP). Thousands of his supporters, who have supported the UDP in the past years from Umsning Constituency, have joined the UDP in Umsning Constituency. .
However, we say that we want the Government to take action and if it listens to the suggestion, it should set up a special committee which will include the leaders of the two ethnic groups together with the experts. to explain and see where the delays are so that the Reservation Policy will not be biased,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
At the same time, volunteers were requested to help not only for one patient but for two or three patients as they feel able.
College, Jowai, on Tuesday held a practical demonstration program at KJP Synod Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
The office bearers of KSU Delhi Unit for the year 2019-2020 are as follows:
In connection with the incident, the BSF has also issued an order to conduct an inquiry through the Court of Inquiry.
Speaking after welcoming the leaders from other parties who came to join the NPP, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that this is a happy and memorable day for the party in Nongpoh. These leaders from other parties have seen the strength and performance of the NPP party in the state and without doubt that the NPP party will be the party that can rule alone in the state in the upcoming elections because the people trust and I have seen the work of the committee in the past years which has brought about many changes in the state.
To avoid this disease it is in the hands of every citizen to think and follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the most important thing is to get vaccinated. that this disease cannot be eradicated in the state.
It is up to them if they have a sense of responsibility,” he said.
We have already witnessed the atrocities of the Indian government since 1947 until now.
“Today we have informed the Prime Minister about the shortage of paramedical staff, the shortage of specialist doctors and medical doctors in the state,” she said.
Its customers include more than 500 companies.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at the Cabinet meeting, it was decided to refund the income. The tax of 95% of the officers of the All India service is as an assistance to them.
These foreigners who have Trading License from the JHADC to trade and set up shops are as follows: Ladrymbai-508, Khliehriat-387, Jowai-257, Hawkers -42, Coal/Cement-48, Umkiang-33, Dkhiah-38, Mynkre-20, Sookilo-17, Thangskai-12, Nongsning-8, Jalaphet-5, Moopala-4, Byndihati-2, Chiehruphi-6, Tongseng -10.
“What we hope is that the Government should promise by sending a letter,” said FASToM Spokesperson Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh.
So I feel I have the right to demand a good road," she said.
Since they are bothering me, I tell them to shoot me down.
The reports that the PDF has joined the NPP and the NPP's proposal to join the Cabinet is still a media report, but the President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie. , he said that after the elections in Sohiong, there may be a change of seat in the Cabinet.
When she came out, she told Daplin, “Kongthei, I'm just looking at Kong Lieh, she's so happy...” Lanosha said, “You're so clever.
According to Pynursla Police Station, the incident happened at 5:30 pm near Mawkhap Road and two persons were killed but unknown. name.
After the incident, a complaint was lodged with the Laitumkhrah Police Station, but the police did not accept the complaint. Not only that, the anger has also prompted the people to throw stones at the police station in Laitumkhrah. The stone was thrown at about midnight last night.
Nongpoh, November 17: The Nongpoh Parish Catholic Youth Convention on Sunday closed the 17th Annual Youth Convention which started on Thursday last month.
The accident happened at 2 pm on Tuesday.
The results of the HSSLC 2021 examination including Science, Arts and Vocational streams will be announced on The meeting will be held on 30th November, 2021 at 11 am.
In the top position are Wasa with 12 points, Ladthadlaboh with 9 points, Mynthong with 7 points and Nangbah Mulang with 7 points.
Although the Election Commission of India (ECI) has not yet announced the date of the elections, the elections may not be delayed.
This is Hosea's love for Gomer and through this incident in his personal life Hosea sees a God full of love and renames God as the God of Love.
This is according to a statement sent by Albert Maring, one of the residents of Umdap Dumu.
Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Sports, said that the bill has hurt the feelings of the minorities of Meghalaya and therefore the leaders of the Indian government should think again. come with this bill.
It is for this reason that the NDA government in Delhi has remained silent and has put aside this issue,” said Process T Sawkmie.
He said that if the issues raised relate to Meghalaya, the BJP Meghalaya and he is ready to stand for it.
Riwansaka died on 30th June, Wansalan on 31st June and Kitlang on 1st July.
Ernest Marwein alone scored four goals to lead Salaroh Football Club to victory and qualify for the semi-finals of the Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The Chief Youth Advisor of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Eugeneson Lyngdoh, has arrived in Nongstoin to campaign for the UDP Nongstoin candidate Polestar Nongsiej at a meeting held on 1st June at Madan Riew Blei. of Umyiap area.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: “Lord if you love my nation as you love Israel, empower me to speak” are the prayers of Bah HS Shylla before entering the field of politics. He said this at a public meeting held at Smit on Tuesday.
Dhar said that the NPP will win all the seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills and if the NPP candidates win all the seven constituencies, it will pave the way for the development of Jaintia Hills. voice and one thought.
What is the revenue of the State? The contribution of factories or consumers through corporate social responsibility is very low.
We see that the advertisement for the 6-Month Certificate Program has been released for only 14 days and the deadline for submission of applications is 14 days. 12- 2020 before
Shillong, November 12: A 50-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly stealing a 50-year-old man's chain. Porbinson Ch Marak, 20, of Burbinson Ch Marak, has been arrested for allegedly raping his daughter (the first child of his wife). He has been involved in the crime against his sister and finally his crime has come to light and he is now in jail in the custody of the police.
The KSU said that the presence of this coke factory not only does not benefit the people but also brings trouble to the residents.
“When asked whether they have any talks with the NPP, the Working President of the PDF said, “Yes, we do that every day, you will get good news in the coming days.
Replying to a question, Bah Blah is an MDC who has won most of the time on the Congress ticket but in the mid-term elections from Mawphlang he left the Congress to contest again from the NPP. “For the election of the candidate for 2023, it is up to the party to decide.
The incident occurred on Sunday morning after a heavy rainfall which caused a family to be trapped in the ground. take the lives of four family members, that of a father, mother and two young children.
Because the talent you have will announce the world around you everyone wants to see that special talent of yours.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
According to Bah Iaonnis Narleng, the incident happened at 3:30 pm, when he and the Syeim of Raid Marwet, were leaving the house. the office of the King of Mylliem.
Rupang asked Ardent whether the news is true. “My supporters have gone there, I haven't yet. Please say we will see later, I haven't thought about politics yet,” he said.
This species grows well, even if it does not receive proper care.
The 35th Federation Cup is scheduled to start in April this year while the 68th Santosh Trophy is scheduled to start between November and July.
“If there are illegal immigrants who do not contribute to the State, we cannot accept them,” he said. .
However, because it was a small cover, only his feet entered, up to the ground, while his body, because it was very heavy, and there he stayed slowly and thus, he did not fall all the way. this is the hole.
Ampati, Jymmang 9: Several weapons have been brought by licensed weapons holders in South West Garo Hills for the preparation of the By-Election in the 2-Tura Lok Sabha Constituency. 85 rounds of ammunition were seized, according to the District Police.
The 44th Chess Olympiad will be held in Chennai from 28th November to 10th July
The meeting was attended by Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Tuliram Ronghang, Chairman of KAAC, Karbi Anglong MP Horen Singh Bey. both the Autonomous Council.
Khliehriat July 16: Heavy rainfall has caused landslides in many places on the National Highway in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills District. The road collapse has been severe at Lumshnong near the Tool Gate.
MIT University of Meghalaya has donated a garbage truck to the Mawkasiang Dorbar Village on 13.5.2023 at Umroh Village Square.
“The fight against COVID-19 is not over yet, but in Jowai we have to fight for a clean and safe village,” he said.
The reason why MeECL cannot generate electricity according to the needs of the state is because of the lack of water from the dams during the dry months.
Shillong, November 16: The President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) Babu ED Nongsiang on Saturday said that the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. It shall not prevent teachers from participating in politics or even contesting elections if the State Government itself has not been able to provide all the salaries as it does to Government employees.
Such actions show a lack of respect for the welfare of the Jaidbynriew and a lack of respect for the efforts to seek reconciliation through peaceful means”.
Shillong, March 20: U Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, Bah Dolphin Lyngkot, passed away suddenly on the 19th of this month at his residence in Mawlai Phudmuri after suffering from a serious illness. so many years.
“If you don't have enough money, the central government will submit a supplementary demand in Parliament starting from 16th November.
“We are firm that there should be no impact on the job seekers in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, that is what we stand for,” said Bah Pangniang.
“There is no relationship between the various government departments from the Cabinet.
On 27.8.2019, the Dorbarshnong together with the members of the LWO met with James K. Sangma, Home Minister at that time and Dr. DD Lapang. open the Outpost.
Another important part of the party is to have more training for the party workers and members - how to act, how to speak, how to invite people and how to serve other party workers and how to help others who are not yet in the party.
Bah Morgan, who was elected as Ward Commissioner of Shillong Municipality from Mawkhar in 1966 and who is known for not answering any questions, and who has his own way of answering or teaching, said: Replying to a question by Bah Panbor, he said, “It was the Independence Cup and the Khasi reached the final on 21 July 1949 and won.
Many of our leaders (not all) think only for their own interests and are afraid that somehow they will be stripped of their seats.
However, it is not easy for me to take that step because to contest the MP election is not a small task...the responsibilities I hold now are so many that I don't want to leave them. ," said Dr. Nonglight.
The storm has led to the blockage of roads in various parts of the country due to the falling of trees.
Final tally plus postal ballotsUDP 12002Ind ( Grace) 5781Winning margin 6221.
Let us stay here and let us go and walk as usual.
Shillong: A truck (AP16TH/1257) collided with an empty truck (AP16TH/1257) at Lad Rymbai on Tuesday morning. ML10A/0865 at Kongong at 11.30 pm and the driver and passenger of the truck, UK Nagaraju and Sri B Ashok, were injured and the driver of the empty truck, Bah Lemingstar Lamin and his companion, Ping Phawa, were injured and taken to Ialong Civil Hospital.
Spend time and energy on preparing from the beginning before you fail.
On the other hand, these 'PM Poshan' day laborers expressed their difficulties in providing for their children, from school fees, uniform fees, book fees, copy fees and other necessities of their children. their.
There were also reports of another shooting at the Linwood Mosque in front of the Christchurch Hospital and several bombs planted in nearby vehicles. the Muslim church is also there.
Today's generation wants to see the wonderful works of God.
The story tells us about the 'Wah Umkhrah'
After that there was a very strong man named Khangweng Myllep from the Saipung Sardarship area. To fight against him, the people were shocked and angry at the insult to Khangweng. They complained to the Syiem of Jaintiapur and the Syiem called the Riew Rangbah in every village and kur. The Lyngdoh of Raliang sent Nangpyrdang Lyngdoh, who didn't go to work and who used to sleep at night. When they came to the king's call, the king explained and told them all, “Look at all of you who are here. They must leave their house with their sword in their hands to wait for Khangweng near the Myllep River to kill him. They went to their own village and before they left the village they brought khaw rneng before they went to stay overnight with Khangweng. Please give me something to eat so that I can kill Khangweng oh! He went and asked his mother's brother (Lyngdoh et) for his mother's food. Please give me some food to stay overnight. Khangweng, and immediately when they heard this, they were very happy. He wanted to wait for Khangweng. They hurried him, and he went and took the sword from his son's house. When he heard the news, he remembered the Mawlyngkniap who had given him the kynum, and he remembered the power of that stone. The Syiem near the Myllep River and all the night guards waited for two nights with swords and sticks in front of them. One road and the guards were also asleep, and only Nangpyrdang, who could not sleep, pretended to be asleep. Then Khangweng came and saw those swords standing and struck them. Nangpyrdang's thylliej was cut off, and he fell down and Nangpyrdang immediately got up from his sleep with a sword. “Hold him, I'll kill him.” They immediately grabbed him and Nangpyrdang struck him on the neck, if he cut off his head, he died. As soon as one of them died, one of them from Tuber village took the head of Khangweng and put it in a heavy plastic bag and brought it to the king. Then the one from Tuber stood up and said, “It is I, my lord.” The king said, “You have a sufficient witness.” and immediately showed the head of Khangweng, but Nangpyrdang did not agree with that show, he stood up and said Syiem Kynrad, it is not he who killed Khangweng, it is I, the king, who killed Khangweng. he fell down and died there Oh! If so, you have to show a sufficient witness. Yes, my lord, I have a sufficient witness. He took the sword and killed Khangweng and told all those who were waiting to kill him. Then the king came near and looked at all their swords, which were broken. There was nothing except Nangpyrdang's, which was not clean. The Syiem gave it to his Tikmie and she cut it off. Then Nangpyrdang said, 'Nothing, Syiem. I'll cut it myself and he took the stone and cut it and threw it at the king's wife. It was the same again. Then the king asked and took away the stone of Nangpyrdang. and he fulfilled his promise by saying to him, “Ask whatever you want, a plate of silver (Hali lyngkha) or a plate of diang (Lumkseh), I will give it according to my promise. he asked for both, and the king gave them both as Nangpyrdang had asked, and from that time on Nangpyrdang named his mother-in-law Hali lyngkha, and Lumkseh until today. and this thy brother shall be perfect in all things.
But in a democracy, we need a strong opposition that can monitor the performance of the ruling party.
The people of Assam and Dhubri District have demanded the introduction of Presidential Rule in Meghalaya.
There I will see the city of the people and the city of the leaders.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government today announced that only five places will be allowed to transport food items from Ratacherra for East Jaintia Hills. , Byrnihat for North Garo Hills, Trikrikilla for West Garo Hills and Garodoba for South West Khasi Hills.
Padukone reportedly used to chat with Karishma, who was one of Rhea Chakravorty's chats and was also involved in drug smuggling to Sushant.
“I wonder why the government has allowed that third group to interfere in this matter,” said Ardent.
The Secretary of the SMC Association, has called upon all schools from now on, not to count the distribution of meals, but the counts will be done by the distributors of the government and the Secretary Managing Committee. “If the teachers count, it is like fighting against the knowledge because how can we count when we don't know how many kilos there are in the bag of rice,” said HS Myrthong, Secretary, School Managing Committee Association. .
This comes after a strong demand for the holding of a Special Session of the State Legislative Assembly to discuss the Roster System and the State Reservation Policy. The Meghalaya High Court has recently appointed a judge.
The public meeting was held as part of the support for the rights of the farmers of the area.
Police have arrested a man named Nayan Bapti aged between 27 and 30 years.
The Minister also visited the Waste Recovery Center set up by the Shillong Municipal Board under the Swachh Bharat Mission and met with the beneficiaries of the project. and a garbage kit.
The market has been in turmoil after the incident where many of the shops especially the Dkhar shops have closed down.
They saw how eri-silk (ryndia) is produced from insects using solar-powered machines.
Besides the government has paid the railway fare and has tried to provide as much as possible for the front lines of their quarantine centre, but there are still comments that the government has not provided.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: Three persons have lost their lives after a truck (ML05 G 9528) collided with a truck (ML05 G 9528) on a road 300 meters deep. The incident occurred at Lad Mawkhap, which falls under the purview of Pynursla.
The judge said that there cannot be two authorities and it is therefore up to the State Government, the District Administration or the Districts to do their own work and not to to seek assistance from the Shnong authorities.
About 10 houses were abandoned and a school was set on fire by armed men in Torbung Bazaar area of ​​Churachandpur district, adjacent to Bishnupur district, police said. you are the day of God.
Regarding the bank, Namdong Village which includes from Mynsngat to Sanaro should have banks inside the clean areas to make it easier for the people of this area in terms of money laundering. tyngka especially in this age when everyone needs to have a bank passbook for their needs but all these have stopped only in discussions without reaching anywhere this has destroyed the the people of this region.
He said that incidents related to peace and order are happening not only in Shillong, but also in other places and it does not mean that the whole city should be closed down.
On the other hand, Bah Dios admitted that since 2018, the BJP leaders have invited him.
It may be recalled that the district authorities of Ri Bhoi District have closed down a revenue collection gate of the KHADC at Umdihar on National Highway 6, after receiving a complaint of illegal activities.
Speaking to media, Hek said that H Gordon Robert Hospital, Woodland Hospital and Nazareth Hospital have started vaccinating the public following other hospitals. Individuals will also be able to start giving Tika soon.
"“The Hakki Pikkis in Sudan have been stranded without food for the past few days and the government has not done anything regarding their repatriation.
The meeting was led by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP North Khasi Hill District, accompanied by Bah Lambha Kurbah, President of FKJGP Umiam Circle and dozens of members of FKJGP Nongpoh. : The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that the police have recovered a body from Sumer on the 3rd of this month. The deceased, who is a male, is believed to be 25-27 years old and has a long body and a short shniuh. If you have any questions, please contact the O/C of Umiam Police Station.
He said that this shows the government's concern for the talented youth who bring fame to the state and the country as a whole.
In a meeting with the head of the department, the Seng leaders expressed their concern over the Adhhar No application of the department, as it is against the order of the Supreme Court.
This time, 31 Ryngkuh cows and 8 male goats were sacrificed by the Langdoh inside the Duwan dupat in the sacred forest of Seiñraij Mukhla.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone admitted that there has been no agreement between Mukul Sangma and the BJP.
“Just because we are working with the BJP, it doesn't mean we are the same, we have our own issues.
It is urgent to restore these traditional values ​​of our Khasi, Jaintia and Garo ancestors if we want to preserve and protect the environment.
The tournament was inaugurated by S.Kharsahnoh, District School Education Officer (DSEO), South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah A.Wanbah, BADO, Dr. Ainam Kharlyngdoh and Dr. Ainam Kharlyngdoh. Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, who also gave a welcome speech.
But she was pushed back.
Lahkmen said that the government has already decided to suspend the four employees of the jail until the investigation is completed. They are Rajesh Swer (head warden), Champmilan Kynjing (warder), Damelahun Sun (temporary warder), Pyndaphor Bamon (warder) and Alexier Lawtam (temporary warder). He called for evidence on the bombing death of four escaped prisoners at Nangrim, Shangpung Khliehmuchut.
The crematorium has been named (L) Kamawel Shullai Eco Friendly Crematorium after the name of the inventor of this method of cremation.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, said that after the party itself understood that Dr. DD Lapang has not returned to the party, but he and the people who have They will remain in the party and it is his duty to strengthen the party.
This happens because resurrected people have a spiritual body.
According to the Government of India since 1951, Meghalaya has three District Councils, Garo, Khasi and Jaintia, including the KHADC. JHADC for the Pnar and GHADC for the Garo, added Samla Makri.
Such students are only 5 or 10 percent in each class.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the students on the importance of cleanliness at home, in schools, in the community and in all public places.
Shillong: Senior office bearers of the Seng Kur Warjri have visited Pyndeng Nongbri village for the purpose of setting up a Kur office which has separated from Mairang due to the remoteness of the Mairang office. .
The BSF has blocked these vehicles from 10.30 pm until the smuggling of goods to Bangladesh has been completely banned by the BSF. They went down to Tamabil to unload goods, according to the report.
Gabriel K Iangrai, Commandant of SF-10 Battalion, was arrested by the police on 2nd November 2022 on charges of misuse of The funds allocated for the construction of the NERS building at Sadar Police Station, Shillong.
Now, it would not be appropriate to invite Prashant Kishor as he has also been the political strategist of the Trinamul Congress, the opposition party in the Meghalaya Assembly.
Meanwhile, Jarain beat Iatyllilang FC Wapung 3-1 in the first semifinal.
“We fully support Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit in his demand for a review of the State Job Reservation Policy,” said the 11 Waheh Shnongs of Ïooksi.
He said that on the day of the visit, the Prime Minister confirmed that the headquarters will be in Sohra and not anywhere else.
It is worth mentioning that Bah SK Sun on Tuesday donated T.6 lakh, three computers and a printer/Xerox machine to Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap. the Project of the Mawphlang Presbytery.
Condemning this behavior of the Municipal officials, Bah Passahu said that the inspection has been done from time to time and it is time for the government to give land to the local land dealers to earn money. .
The Super Division match will be played between Sailung Ialong and Ladthadlaboh at 2 pm.
Shillong, Lber 26: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has been formed under the leadership of former UDP President KP Pangniang on Tuesday. Dr Donkupar Roy and former HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, who is now leading the VPP, the new party in the state.
On the incident of landslides on the highways, u Bah Tynsong said that the department has already directed the relevant authorities to be vigilant on the damage to the environment. you should take immediate action.
On the same day, the new office bearers of the Pyndenumïong Branch were elected and confirmed by the leaders of the Seng Kmie including the President, Sunshine Warjri, General Secretary and others. and they that followed him were gathered together.
Nadal has not played since losing in the second round of the Australian Open earlier this year at the K.S. 'short.
To build offices and to buy tar in business premises.
The union also urged the DC to immediately conduct an investigation or find out where the Branch Manager came from and with whom he had contact tracing so that we can curb the spread of the disease. and also that the people of the area should live in peace and security.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today passed the Meghalaya Identification, Registration and Security Bill 2020 and also the Amendment Bill. 2020.
According to the RTI, the 40% allocation of tuition fees among the Khasi has been implemented in accordance with the Reservation Policy.
U Bah Shanpru also included the slips that the trucks have been collected tax in the letter sent to the CS. On July 9, 2016, a truck number 2958 had paid T.50 tyngka to the gate of Syiem Mawiang Syiemship. The truck on the same day had to pay T.100 tyngka to the gate of Syiem Myriaw Syiemship.
“When examining the evidence and others, it does not appear that the shooting of the police chief was committed by anyone other than the police chief himself,” the High Court said.
The MDC election is approaching, if the Amendment to the Sixth Scheduled does not affect the time of the election, it may be held in February or March before the MP election. They began to prepare and enter people's homes to introduce themselves.
There are 365 new cases and 3964 active cases in the State.
“The access of the mynder to the area has created a serious threat because if they escape, they can do many dangerous things,” he added.
But the skei, which did not understand the leaves of the tree, ate them, and the shepherds saw the movement.
There is no one to work together to improve the mistakes and shortcomings.
“If the central government has increased the price, the state government has a role to play in discussing this.
This is the first time for the AJCA to send its players to the Inter District Tournament.
He said that initially only 200 children from East Jaintia Hills District will be admitted and the coaching camp will start in July next year.
E link: The Commission has also released the Election Statistics Pocket Book.
This was followed by three more incidents in Dibrugarh district, twice in Graham Bazar and AT Road and one in Duliajan Tiniali.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Forwardman Nongrem urged the youth not to hesitate to showcase their talents, by giving the example of Shakira who is one of the most famous singers in the world. At first people laughed at her because her voice was like a goat's voice but with her hard work and desires she has now become the most famous singer in the world.
I have never forgotten what the teachers used to say, that poetry is one of the most difficult writings to understand because it hides deep thoughts.
For those poor and needy households, who earn their living on a daily basis and whose work and income has been affected through the various obstacles that the government has to introduce. This is the part of protecting us all from the spread of this disease.
The most important thing is to set a target to increase the production capacity and avoid waste.
He said that the State Government has recently planned to set up a Central Jail but the details of this proposal will be known after the meeting.
Previously, Desai served as Principal DG, Central Bureau of Communication, and was in charge of Government Announcements and Information.
Shillong, Lber 08: Three women policemen of East Khasi Hills have received awards today on the occasion of International Women's Day.
Besides the existing Police Stations and Outposts, there are also new Police Stations and Police Outposts which have been set up near the border areas with Assam.
Replying to a question by the Nongpoh MLA, Mayralborn Syiem, Lamare said that although there is a survey of the area which is about 2 kilometers away, it has not been surveyed. you still haven’t gotten anywhere yet.
“However, the VC has said to implement from 01st July while the admission of classes in UG has been completed since July.
“If you just talk without thinking about who will hurt you, it shows that you too are still mentally ill,” she said.
Shillong, July 04: Former GHADC MDC from Balachanda Sofior Rahman has demanded an independent inquiry into the allegation of corruption in the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM). ) in West Garo Hills District.
Shillong: OM Roy Higher Secondary School, Mawlai beat Umsaw Secondary School 8-0 in the opening match of the VI Inter School Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP). ), Mawlai Circle at Heh Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri on Thursday.
If you don't have a million dollars, you can ask how many millions you will spend if you win a ticket in the election.
Do you meet these requirements?
In the women's category, Valentina Basumatary of Claudia's Fitness Hub won the Best Physique, Airikmenlang Shabong of Fitness Tribe won the second prize and Airikmenlang Shabong of Fitness Tribe won the Best Physique category. Cara Mercia Mlliemgap and Claudia's Fitness Hub.
Today, the same program was held at Moopylaitshiar, Khliehtrishi and the reading of the Viksit Pledge was led by B. Langbang, BDO Thadlaskeiñ Block.
Longda Bamon, Literacy Chair.
He said this while speaking at the 173rd Anniversary of Thomas Jones and the 180th Anniversary of Lower Primary Schools in Khasi Hills, organized by APSTA at Madan. Mount Tirot in the morning.
In 2012, the then Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary had visited the Lawkyntang but due to heavy rainfall he could not enter the inside.
Following the news on 10.8.2020 about the lack of foodgrains, the Supply Office Sohra Division has informed the Dealer that the office staff will come to distribute the foodgrains on
The State Government today appointed Sanme R Marak, MCS, Joint Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs as the Public Grievance Redressal Officer (PGRO) for the CPGRAMS portal and MegPGRAM portal as part of the tnat Sports bad Youth Affairs.
“The police have overconfident in the Hills Storm Operation but they should not forget that the HNLC will carry out IED Storms in Shillong. “From now on, if any loss of life or damage happens in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the Meghalaya government should be held responsible.
So I told her to go ahead with the job.
After the match, Chephred Lyngdoh of Golden Lion Football Club was awarded the best player of the tournament.
If the NPP can win in the entire constituency, which we have estimated and estimated 15-20 seats, our voice will also be heard in Parliament.
Pastor D.Tang of the Seventh Day Adventist Church Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District has sworn in 55 young men and women who have completed the training. The 6th Batch of Security Guards at Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills District has closed today.
It is reported that 70 different organizations have participated in the event led by KMSS.
He said he has received a letter from the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association against the harassment of land vendors.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharjahrin said that these people have taken the name of the Khasi people just to buy land, trade, government jobs and this is the destruction of the nation. .
On the other hand, Bah Sadon K Blah of the HNYF said that the allegation by other organizations that the Resident Safety and Security Act 1958 and the Benami Transaction Act 1958 are not true cannot be believed. that they don’t work yet.
In 628 AD Jerusalem was captured by Caleb Omar (Muslim Arab).
The Normal School was later known as the Cherra Teacher's Training Center in 1947 and was founded by Rev Thomas Jones in
Why are our coal traders suffering from price hikes and delays in paying or releasing the money that belongs to them? The reason is that we don't know.
It is forbidden to open tea and food shops.
This group was led by Samla N.Sutnga (Org.
If it is not done now, it will continue tomorrow,” said Bah BS Sohliya.
Although this village is close to Nongkhnum, it does not benefit from the influx of tourists to this most famous village in Meghalaya.
The FKJGP Leader reminded the Government of the Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants Act, 1980 and said that the Government should implement this Act properly against the illegal Harijans and not to meet their demands.
These right and left handed players scored enough runs for the team which also defeated the team of Symper.
It can work slowly but it is something that can improve the brain as the days go by.
“The government has set a high price for the works allocated by the ADB to prevent the contractors from this area,” said Bah Dympep.
The tournament will start from 1st to 3rd June at the NSCA Mini Stadium at Paham Syiem in Nongpoh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the residents of Lawmei said that Lawmei has not received a Rangbah Shnong for about three years and they have lodged a complaint many times with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the District. Council but no one believed and it was after receiving the order from the High Court on the 13th of this month to hold the elections that they came to KHADC to meet the EM, Bah PK Pangniang.
The report also said that illegal mining has been seized in several mines in the Nongtalang and Amtapoh areas.
The KSU said that the residents of those areas especially those who own land such as kwai fields are discouraged and do not want to go to the fields.
When Moodymmai Village investigated, it found that a man named Sajay Laloo had already bought it from Maskut Village in
Shillong, July 13: The State Government has suspended the distribution of chemical fertilizers as they pollute the environment and the people who consume food.
Fathers, provoke not your children to anger.
There all the sinners died and all the righteous went to heaven for 1000 years.
Ukraine, meanwhile, has relentlessly pointed fingers to accuse Russia of violating the laws of war from time to time.
He said the Managing School Committee (MSC) will have to meet to consider the waiver of school fees for the months of June, October and July 2020 which have been affected by the school fees. Your income is not during the lockdown.
Members and leaders of the Blind Lead Trust Organization, who saw the plight of Kong Mary, helped to build a house for her to shelter from the rain, wind and other hazards. .
A total of 110 RAF personnel have arrived and have been deployed to patrol the Khyndailad and Motphran areas.
"Therefore, life is not just to live, but to share and pass on the wealth that God has blessed.
“It is for this reason that there is no synsar or it does not grow in other places where the demand for synsar is very high from this state,” he said. They don't have water because the synsar is a plant that doesn't need water.
“The government through its officers may have called but we are not sure.
He said that besides the two rooms of the guest house, there is a kitchen, dining room, bathroom and others.
However, as it is now, what we see from one election to another is that despite the existence of these strict rules, no party or candidate does not seek them. ways and means to violate these rules, to try by all means to defeat their candidates.
It is understood that there are still some leaders who have worked hard for the VPP party who will apply for tickets until the deadline for the nomination of candidates.
The author in his speech said that it took him three months to complete the book, and he said that he wrote in the book according to the explanation on nine issues, namely death, resurrection, judgment, coming, preparation and promise.
The Union last month had scheduled a meeting with the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to discuss the issue but he has not responded, said Bah Rymbai.
Shillong, March 31: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (Urban and Rural) has decided not to attend the public hearing on the Meghalaya Landlords and Verification Bill
Shillong: MeECL, Chairman cum Managing Director Arunkumar Kembhavi, today said that the electricity supply of MePGCL has dropped to the lowest level in recent days. Due to the shortage of water, 87.54 MW of electricity was generated. At 7 pm on 6th June, the electricity generation was only 35 to 40 MW. The power generation capacity of OTPC Palatana from 7th June to 14th June has been affected by the closure of OTPC Palatana.
Commemorating the Hindi Diwas celebrations, Shah said that different languages ​​are the strength of the country as a whole, but at the same time, he said that there is a need for a central language. foreign languages ​​or languages ​​shall not be allowed to destroy the identity of the people of the country.
The title of the message is- SOMEONE WILL HELP YOU WHEN YOU ARE TOO LOADED, IF YOU ARE WILLING TO GIVE UP. The basis of this message is that you can find from Matt.11:28, the words , “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
The JSU is preparing to celebrate its 50th anniversary until November.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Umiam District Unit on Tuesday renewed and confirmed the new office bearers of the KSU Umiam Unit after the expiry of their term of office. Now.
This happened on Tuesday, and he strongly warned that those involved will not escape the clutches of the law.
According to the rules of JHADC, if the check gates find vehicles without documents, they can fine T.1000 to T.1 lakh.
Taking care of yourself and your health during pregnancy will keep your unborn child healthy and in good health.
The Mawlai residents have vowed that if Bah Sawkmie, who is in the Congress party, cannot bring the block to Mawlai, they will not allow the Congress party to campaign for the elections. He said that he could leave the Congress party if the government does not allow him to go to Mawlai.
They can earn up to 500 to 800 tyngka per day with the goods they carry. It is said that most of the goods are sent from the Dkhar shops to the buses.
“Those who do not wear face masks cannot enter any government offices or places of worship, market places and sports grounds,” said the DC of WJH. The public should not be stingy with the disease, but should be careful especially in wearing face masks and washing hands with soap several times a day.
The deadline for submission of nominations has been set by the party on 15th March to the AICC. For the Tura Parliamentary seat, Daryl William Cheran Momin, Salmanpara MLA Winnerson D. Sangma, former officer Arlene M. Sangma, Polycarp Marak, Richard M. Marak and Cherak Momin.
In the stadium, which can accommodate 40,000 people, there were many people who flocked and many others who tried to enter the stadium.
RIMS has also informed the Health Ministry that these 29 indigenous students have fled Imphal for bloodshed and are afraid to return. Institutes in Manipur may not be completed yet because the situation is not favorable for young people to come to school.
The Minister of Education, Basantakumar Singh, said that with the support of the Prime Minister, N Biren Singh, the CMCSRS scheme has been launched with the aim of meeting the needs of education. Undergraduate students who are homeless studying in government or recognized colleges in Manipur to be able to continue their studies because they situation in the state.
It is learned that Bah Shylla has started to investigate the misuse of the T.28 crore and it is also learned that a special meeting of the ruling MDCs will be held today. They have 10 days to investigate the matter and to find out all the facts related to the money which has been the cause of the collapse of the EC of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem which the MDCs of the PDF have not agreed with.
They clean the sohphlang by placing the plank on the ground, cover the box containing the sohphlang, then pour white shyiap and cover the legs so that it does not break and stir the box slowly until The sohphlang turns from stem to red and this is the part that requires the most time and energy.
The DGP said that many more people will be arrested in connection with the IED blast in Laitumkhrah on the 10th of this month.
Students of the sixth semester of Media Technologies, Mass Media Department of St. Anthony's College will conduct a public awareness campaign on this issue under the slogan, “Receive the issue, beh the Coronavirus"
However, before this, the deceased elders said that no one ever asked them to give birth to their father or mother.
Let us turn now to those 1000 years; and what kind of people will have a share of living for 1000 years before that share of living forever with God.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday announced that commercial taxis and auto rickshaws will operate during the day from 1st to 10th June
On the 6th at 5 pm, police said that about 7 or 8 youths threw stones at the police who were on duty at Iew Mawlong.
While he was in Delhi, he did not enter the room at the hotel where the woman was staying.
The slowdown in the work of the health department in the district is due to the lack of even the head in charge of running it.
When you have mixed all the ingredients, put them in a small bottle, not plastic bottles, and fill them with clean water.
In another incident on the same day, at 1.30 pm, police arrested Atanu Deb (30), Prosenjit Ghose (30) and Rajesh Debnath (28) from Down Gate, Nongpoh (Ri Bhoi). 1805 bottles of phensydyle syrup containing 100 ml each were seized from these three persons.
These include EKH: 17, RBD: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 1 and WKH:
As a result, small vehicles can no longer pass through this road and have to enter Jowai city, which has led to traffic jam.
At present, we should not rely solely on the government's claims that we have almost overcome this disease, but we should see for ourselves and appreciate that vision. and this disease shall be destroyed.
Ankita Sharma scored 37 runs from 53 balls without being bowled to help Ri-Bhoi win by eight wickets.
The government has given space to these clothes vendors to sit on the bridge but the market has not been completed yet.
For Juniors (under 18 years) and participants with disabilities, the starting point will be from Parking Lot, Polo Bazaar. .Joseph – Jaïaw Pdeng – Lad Jaïaw Lansonane – Jaïaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Pegasus – Hotel Polo Towers – Polo Bazaar and end at Parking Lot, Polo.
However, when turning back to the people who support this road especially those from this area, who have been waiting for the road so that they too can experience it. peace and to escape from the misery which they have suffered for many decades, but after this decision they have had to suffer the greatest sorrow.
Dimapur, Lber 6: A tragic incident has happened in Dimapur, Nagaland, on Friday when a crowd of people suddenly turned on a jail in Dimapur and arrested a man. A prisoner who allegedly raped a girl who was studying at the Women's College on 24th June.
He said at the recent public hearing in Thangksai, government officers and all the police of East Jaintia Hills had stayed overnight at Topcem, but now during the protest not a single officer has been seen.
On the other hand, the Department of Pharmaceutical Science has conducted a webinar to discuss the health of women and how women should be healthy.
Shekhar Naphade, the State Government, was appointed.
Nongstoiñ: Officers of the Office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, together with the leaders of the HYC WKHD, today visited three coal mining factories in Shalang West Khasi Hills.
The first daughter was named Rupatong and the second Rupanga.
The party office bearers are Deiwi Tongper, President, Yoomiky Kyndait, Vice President, Dauni Dhar, General Secretary, Spainlin Nongrum, Assistant Secretary and 8 Executive Members. They came from all over the villages of Narpuh.
This is not the case.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills District, Resubelpara has announced a reward of T.20,000 for information on the abduction of 6th Battalion Police Shri Komraj Bhattarai. from Sepikol, North Garo Hills on 6th November when he was planning to return to work after the end of his leave.
Speaking on Tuesday, Bah Dhar said, “It is not known when the fire will stop as the government is now taking all the necessary measures to get rid of the fire.” .
During the inspection, it was also found that there has been a lot of damage in the villages near Umtyrnga, including Chihbra, Iongkhuli, Nongspung 'A', Nongspung 'B', Thembugre, Beharanodi and others. , in which besides the damage to houses, it was also found that there was damage to electricity posts, plants and others.
According to this picture, there is not a single sign of this bridge.
Umiam scored 73 runs for the loss of six wickets before reaching 100 runs but Donlang Warjri was bowled out by Charak for 18 runs.
Dr Mukul Sangma said that on the allegation that the Assam Police have suspended the construction of the 1000 days scheme at Umru village, the Assam Police have lodged a complaint against the construction because it has not received approval. , from the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi and through the intervention of the BDO office of Umsning, the work has been resumed.
“We children need the protection of our parents, not to intimidate them, or to teach them bad things, which will disgrace us before the world.
“The Meghalaya Games gives us the opportunity to come together and bring glory to the state.
There was also a song, drawing, running and other activities to celebrate this great day of the state.
However, we preach only as they come, as if they have something to do or come to meet someone they need.
The SP (City) said that the incident happened this morning and Charlie was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
At this meeting, the awards were distributed in two categories, one is the award to encourage those who work hard in Guwahati from Nurses, Doctors, Teachers, Blood Donors. donors) known as the 'Appreciation Award' and another is the 'Mait Shaphrang Award' to encourage and motivate those students who have passed well in various examinations in Guwahati.
Others in the Top Ten of India's 'most valued celebrities' include Alia Bhatt and Deepika Padukone who have had many bills to announce over the years.
When the discussion became heated, a voice came from a Longkmie who said that this is the reason why Assam has encouraged the border crossing activities, because Meghalaya has taken action in to meet the needs of the people living on the border.
The Basan Nongkseh and Basan Nongumlong decided to remain with the Hima Mylliem in terms of khaddar rule while the religious rituals related to the Syiems of Shillong were performed in the Hima Khyrim.
It is also worth mentioning that corruption has now entered everyone especially during the elections when the people are stealing the money they receive only in a moment of the elections. but when the golden age is over, they complain that there is nothing wrong with it without thinking carefully before shaking hands.
This affects not only Israel but the whole world.
At the same time, she said that the Information Technology Department of the Council is facing difficulties in implementing the project due to lack of funds. department of the Council.
Shillong, June 18: Three districts of the state have four active cases of Covid-1
He also spoke about taking measures to make the people of the State healthy and happy through the introduction of various activities and programmes, besides taking steps to measure the happiness of the State. .
The KSU wishes all the students of the country who are passing their matric and class 12 results to reap the fruits of their hard work and dedication.
Shillong, Nailur 5 : The duties of Bernard N Marak and the duties of Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIGP) Bah GK Iangrai are very different, said the Symbud to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
The President of STEDS, Bah K.Suchiang, expressed his satisfaction that the group has been able to reach and set foot on the top of Bah Bo Bah Kong Hill during this three day journey.
In the men's T20, Meghalaya, which won the toss, failed to tied first against Karnataka in Mullanpur, Punjab by setting a target of 89 runs and lost. for 8 wickets.
By doing this, the program will become more meaningful,” she said.
On the other hand, Sylvester Mylliempdah took four wickets in seven overs.
Bijnor SP Neeraj Kumar Jadaun said that on Tuesday night, he received information that Rana had set up a hiding place in the house. Budhanpur area of ​​the city.
Police have seized a truck (ML-10B-8821 and ML10B-8841) from Lad Rymbai on the 20th of this month.
However, she did not get the ticket and was threatened by the party authorities by promising to give her the MDC ticket. Fernandez Dkhar and Macmillan Kharbani, as one of the strongest supporters.
“Even those relatives who don't know their burial places, the church has informed their relatives because the church has kept exact records,” he said. Fr.Gomes.
The group said the incident happened at B Phainom village in Kangpokpi district on 4th June.
Violence against women or children is a serious crime and CSWO hopes that such an incident will not happen again as this will put a red mark on the judicial system to give justice .
When we arrived at Byrnihat, it was very sad to see Bah Michael Warjri (76) years old, because despite his old age, he has to face imprisonment. , he is weak and finds it difficult to talk.
If the government cannot implement it, it means that those who resign from the post of MDC will become stupid”.
“Those with disabilities don't even get seats when they get into a commercial vehicle and they have to pay for the vehicle like other people and besides that the fare differs from one vehicle to another. ," he said.
When you go to other villages or villages, you don't see police anymore but in Jaiaw from morning till night you have to patrol with bullet proof vehicles.
The Rangbah Shnong also expressed his gratitude to the MLA for his assistance. It is to be recalled that there are 26 households in Nonglum village who have been affected by the floods. and their belongings, which happened on the 8th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said, “The department has not received any complaints regarding the outbreak of LSD in cows in the state and the staff of the department have taken measures to prevent the spread of LSD. this disease in the state"
The final match will start at 1:30 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium and the LSC once again invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness the match. of eyes on the fight.
The Women's Commission today sent a report to the government on the issue of prostitution in Kerala in two incidents and recommended the government to take immediate action. work, because it is on the right topic and the welfare and safety of women.
SOPs for Puja : This procedure explains the safety measures to be followed during the Puja to prevent the spread of COVID-1 consultation with the Central Puja Committee (CPC).
“It is not the BJP power but the thought that the Congress will not come to power and I don't think their idea will succeed,” he said.
In the middle of the night, she expressed her agreement with Men Kpa's statement.
Packaging- Depending on the nature of the products when you sell them to the market such as jhur or soh, you should pack them properly, to keep them clean, to avoid contamination and especially to get the price. tremendous.
As a reminder during the Indian Idol season 3, there were many comments why Amit Paul, a Dkhar, was dressed in Khasi costumes; Now it is witnessed that Mohan Bhagwat not only dressed in Ryndia or Yaplem, Jaiñspong and kpieng, he went to Lum Sohpetbneng.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Student Unit (KSU) from Lapasam Khanduli area today urged the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to revive the slasha farms in the area. Mawrangtung, Mawkyntian and Tiarsiatmut within a day, otherwise the party is ready to take legal action.
"Not only that, but there was a book, The Eyes of Darkness, written by Dean Koontz in 1981, in which he wrote about the disaster, which he called Wuhan-4 .
On this issue, KHNAM President Thomas Passah has met with the CEM of KHADC today.
Christabel H. Lyngdoh, Branch Manager, has lodged a complaint with the police.
On the 15th of November, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah will play against Chutwakhu.
Speaking on India's commitment to net-zero, he said the North East could become a powerhouse in hydropower generation.
He said the department in charge of this will send the bills to the political parties soon for them to read and consider.
The team from the city has won the Meghalaya State League title this year organized by the Meghalaya Football Association.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the District Council will stand on the basis of the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Myanmar. The State of Assam should be in accordance with the documents in the Council.
Furthermore, according to the Act No.19 of 1952, there is an Employees' Provident Fund Organization, and in Shillong, this office is located at the BSNL complex. (Lady Hydari Park).
Finally, the Forum wishes a Happy New Year to all the Christians and citizens in the State and the country as a whole.
It is no longer a synrop government, it is the NPP government alone.
When asked why the protesters carry weapons, Bittu Bajrangi said, “There are some who carry weapons, but they are licensed guns and swords. They are used during puja, marriages and other religious ceremonies and are not intended to kill people.
The Vice Chancellor of MIT University, Dr. Malhar Pangrikar was the chief guest and donated the truck.
The two KSU leaders, Johny Sohkhlet and Readytonstone Nongrum and HNYF member Everson Syngkon, were arrested by the MPDA. He was arrested in Jowai.
The Rangbah Shnong also expressed his gratitude to both the NEIPF and the HNU for giving them the opportunity to live and earn as they used to do for thousands of years. years ago.
Bhutto was involved in the robbery of NPP supporters on the 7th of this month at Charbatapara and was arrested and charged under the rules of the High Court.
“According to the signs, it has been shown that it was a case of poisoning but we are still waiting for the post-mortem report,” said the SP of East Jaintia. Hills and Bah Manbha K Dkhar.
Nongpoh: Seven passengers of an ambulance number ML-05-S-0759, have escaped injured, after the ambulance collided with a jeep. ML-10-9211 was arrested at Mawdiangum, Nongpoh at 12 noon.
Maezawa has not yet disclosed the cost of the trip, the report said.
Because it is a source of pride for them when they harvest a clean harvest and it is also an honor for the family.
Rishi Kapoor, one of the biggest stars of Bollywood, has passed away this morning.
Speaking to Rupang, Meirad Telis Rymbai, 73, from Kdonghulu, Kdonghulu, Myanmar, on the occasion of the launch of the book 'KI NIT KI JNAT OF THE RAID IAPNGAR' Ri Bhoi, I said that even in the midst of being humiliated and in the midst of being an old man, she has never been silenced, but she continues to work hard and continue in the field of Thohkot, that is, to write books related to writing. which are also true events within the Raid Iapngar.
“It's Hep.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister also confirmed that Mairang will soon become a new district before the Independence Day celebrations.
He said that they are in the government to serve the people and the MDA Government, since the beginning of the formation of the government, has stood on the same basis that it is against illegal activities in the state.
“Yes, I am very proud of our village that the Rangbah Shnong has been involved in such a crime...” said a member of the Dorbar Shnong.
The SPC would like to congratulate the Editor and all the staff of this newspaper for this achievement.
The CM said that the former Prime Minister in his letter in 2017 has mentioned that many people with various educational backgrounds have applied for jobs. and thus the conduct of the interview will allow the selection committee to understand the skills and distinguish between the applicants and to identify the most suitable for the job.
“We are still discussing to find a joint candidate,” said Hopingstone Lyngdoh. He said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) has already sought the support of the United Democratic Party (UDP). “We will discuss this at the meeting on the 22nd,” he added.
Last month, the club announced on social media that it has signed Brazilian player Daniel Concalves.
The Chairman also announced that many sports activities will be conducted to help and protect the children from falling into illegal activities.
“Besides MGNREGA, the State Government has laid the foundation for the establishment of Self Help Groups for women which has increased from 4000 in 2017-18 to 41,000 thousand this year alone,” he said. “More than T.380 crore has been allocated to SHGs and this has increased the income of women in rural areas.
He said that at present there are 20 schools in Khasi Hills which will not receive new buildings out of these 10 schools which have already received new buildings. ? Rymbui also informed about the project of Muktapur road and Kudeng Thymmai road and said all these development works are the hard work of the government.
“When the Chinese troops arrived in Tezpur, the Vatican ordered all the bishops working in the North East to leave for Italy.
This incident has severely affected the students and the loss of valuable school property.
Thongni said the government should follow up and arrest Vicky Dey from Maharashtra, Kachar and Tripura who have tried to disrupt the peace and order in the state. nation.
There the pressure rose on both sides.
The law is for those who are in authority and for the people.
The government has already proposed to 342 households to relocate to the land belonging to the Shillong Municipal Board.
On this occasion, the meeting decided that all the office bearers and members of the Executive Committee, although their term of office for three years has expired, will be replaced except for those who have passed away. (L) WGB Marwein, (L) Readington Marwein, (L) Bransley Marweiñ were appointed as other elders.
The incident occurred at a meeting of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) to celebrate the birth anniversary of Syama Prasad Mookherjee, founder of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh.
According to the report, which was collected until November 2023, violence and killings have increased in Pakistan this year.
“In fact, the subject in Garo which scored the highest marks in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2023 conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education is a Bihari student.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Prime Meghalaya scheme in the past three years has been very difficult and has had to change the working of the scheme. that all things may go well.
The ceremony was conducted by Ninglos Lyngdoh. The Waheh Shnong of Sohkymphor, Kronilios Lyngdoh, Mrs. Chianti Lyngdoh, Mrs. Besterly Lapasam, Ex-Mayor of Sohkymphor, Wanbiang Shadap, Ex-MDC and Finelynes Bareh, MDC.
That shows that these things of nature throughout the universe, the whole universe, the lisan and the meiramew are one and the same namblei or Blei; They didn't speak, they didn't pray, they said, "God, God, God.
Paul said the government has also decided to enact laws to protect the environment and living things and to declare them as Eco sensitive zones where the entry and exit of people will be restricted. to not allow quarrying, felling of trees and other activities to destroy the environment.
When these questions arrived at the examination centre, some of the students asked the teachers at the examination centre, how to answer these two questions, and the answer from the teachers was is that they must answer both of these questions.
After this, the vice president of the Sengbah took part in the ceremony of performing the knia ka khriam on a male bull as a sign of gratitude to the ryngkew ki basa, whether they are farmers or farmers. the armies of God who protect mankind from all those who intend to destroy and corrupt mankind.
This is our image with God, when we run to Him, He immediately welcomes us.
The MLA should read and understand all these rules and regulations to avoid appearing foolishly inside the House.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has decided to lift the closure of the dam in Mawkynrew Block.
At the same time, they expressed their surprise that in many places, that the NGT committee, has visited to inspect, but the names of these coal mines and the names of the owners of the land are also , has not been included as coal mining areas and demanded from the Prime Minister, that in such cases, the owners should go back to discuss and explain to the District authorities and direct them to District authorities, to work together with the coal mines.
She said that it will be from the commencement of the Reservation Policy, which means that we have to go back to
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Minister of State for Food and Civil Supply, Bah Comingone Ymbon on Tuesday directed the Commissioner & Secretary of Food Supply, Parvin Bakshi to appear before the Minister of State for Food and Civil Supply. The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NMA) has threatened to stop the supply of petrol to the state on the allegation that the drivers of petrol trucks have suffered from illegal immigration. You have been arrested by the Meghalaya Police.
In another match of the U-14 category, Shillong Lajong beat Lumshyiap 4-1 at the SSA Stadium in Polo today.
The Khasi people who know their own customs and traditions should also know their own longkur longjait, which is based on the old customs and traditions.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 2,415 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
On the demand for bailuitksan, the Minister said that the Government will consider and look into it.
school during the step and receive a salary of 15 tyngka per month.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: The construction of another copper factory near the Wah rwiang has been progressing rapidly in these days.
The United States has killed the last leader of ISIS militants, yesterday.
However, due to the overcrowding, especially in this age, he sometimes loses the opportunity to care for and spend time with them.
“The largest and last puja venue is usually at Jail Road because we know it will be the best.
The Deputy Commissioner of the district and the Assistant Executive Engineer of the PWD (R) Mawsaw Division have promised to take action in this regard. They shall take the matter to the higher authorities so that there shall be no problem in the implementation of the work.
The President said that the month of June is special for the Bodo community as they remember Bodofa Upendra Nath Brahma on his death anniversary which falls on the 1st of June.
The party said that if Sangma cannot take action, he should step down and allow others.
According to the changing circumstances and times, the way of working and thinking has changed. In the past, we thought that teaching the Word of God was only through the churches or in the homes.
However, to what extent has it been possible to meet the needs of the environment in agriculture, trade and lifestyle that will reconcile man with the environment is a complex question.
When asked about the explanations of the ED on the Saubhagya Scheme, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I cannot explain in detail but the MeECL Department has submitted all the documents requested by the MeECL. The ED is the Tender Documents, Tender Agreement or anything else.
Speaking to media on the cleaning of the garbage, the teacher of the school, Kong Wanphylla Nongrum, said that the Shillong Municipal Board will take action to dispose of the garbage. These garbage has been picked up by the children and has been gathered in one place.
Meghalaya bowler Gurinder Singh took three wickets for 4/21 to leave Meghalaya 9/7
They also urged these 26 students to continue to work harder so that they can reap the fruits of victory and at the same time, they urged these students school, that they should learn to respect teachers.
They are Lyndro Puwein from Nongratgaw, Roskulin Riangshiang from Nonglangtur and Filtar Riangshiang on November 27, 2017, when they demanded T.3 lakh from the gatekeeper. Andrew Charles Gare and threatened to kill the guard if he did not pay the money and ordered him to remove the gate.
“Not only the trees but we have also ordered the owners to cut down the trees which are in danger because they are near the power line,” said the secretary of the village, Bah Iangrai.
The animals that will be kept in the zoo are the Skei or Barking Deer, the Skei or Sambar Deer, the Skei or Hog Deer, the Sier or Serow, the Jackal, the Fox, the Himalayan black bear, jungle cat, civet cat, leopard cat, leopard, clouded leopard, hoolock gibbon, stump shrieh tailed macaque, which is the shrieh of Assam or the Assamese macaque.
For this reason, Dr. Mukul Sangma has passed the MRSSA 2016 as suggested by the former Advocate General, Bah KS Kynjing in
Sanbor said that perhaps, this is just a personal act of Bah Hek to go drinking with those TMC MLAs, because according to the rules, this matter should have gone through the President. The BJP in the state should know that good news if the TMC MLAs want to join hands with the BJP. Hek, the BJP leaders in Delhi will also receive information and distribute that information to the BJP leaders in the state and direct them to improve whether to send MLAs to Delhi or not. BJP leaders from Delhi will come to Meghalaya to meet with MLAs who should join BJP. He said that even in his room, there are many MLAs from different political parties who have met with him. but it does not mean that the drinking will become a desire to join another organization.
His last stint as captain was in the past few days against Aston Villa; In which his team suffered a 2-0 defeat at home.
All government departments have been directed to obtain all vehicle license plates until 31st October
Requesting the MeECL to take action to provide electricity, the union alleged that the reason is due to the stinginess of the MeECL employees in Mawsynram. kitei that problem.
“We will inform the Superintendents of Police and Deputy Commissioners to strengthen their security to ensure the safety and security of the people if they have to leave. anything that happened.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Waheh Shnong of Saba Dorbar Shnong, Andreas Suchiang and the Secretary Shnong of Saba, Ewanmi Lathong, in a statement sent today, said that they want to clarify the news regarding the allegation. Taro, the allegation of burning down the house and eviction of Nijanduh Phawa.
You will experience the loss of blood.
“Children have a lot of time to play in many areas, but remember that as school children they should not spend too much time in those areas but most of their time is in education so that Their future will be bright,” said RA Sangma.
Because of greed, man has broken and moved the old boundary stones that they have set, whether in the fields of the people or in the places where they build houses.
He said that a tender has been called for the improvement of the JN Sports Complex worth T.34 crore.
Regarding the exploitation of the farmers, he said that he has already set up Cooperative Societies.
As Zacchaeus sat on the fig tree, the branches and leaves trembled.
He said that the law will go its own way.
Fortunately, with the passage of time, the villagers have become wise and understand the value of khadar rule and many have said that it is time to think again in the election of leaders and to They don't have time to serve the people, they don't have time to think about the issues to be discussed in the Assembly or District Council for their own good. However, it seems that they are doing the work of leaders only to improve their business and make the work of khadar administration only for the sake of business.
Out of the 5894 vacancies, 1894 vacancies outside government departments have been notified to the recruitment authorities such as the MPSC, District Selection Committees (DCS) and others. to the Secretariat Administration Department (SAD).
The meeting, after discussing these issues, decided with one consensus that the Nongkrem Constituency should no longer be outside the party and will not be in power in Meghalaya as it has done in the past. In the past 40 years (2088-2018) in which the MLA has been able to give reasons to the people and the village and school officials every time they go to solve many problems with these words – “I AM IN YOUR POWER”.
It is worth mentioning that during the election campaign, MUDA is one of the issues that all the candidates from Mylliem constituency have explained to the public and even former MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh has explained this issue by saying that Upper Shillong is not a city because it falls under the C&RD Block.
In this article, I have seen that those who support these ideas have misused the Holy Scriptures of the Bible and have misunderstood the Bible without carefully examining the meaning. they don't have it.
The election was announced by the Chief Election Commissioner Sunil Arora today.
As the Youth Wing, we ask, do the people need help only before the election?” “The arrival of senior leaders of foreign parties or those known as the National Party in this election “We believe that the people will not believe this misleading statement by these leaders from Thor,” said the statement. Desmond KL Mawlong, General Secretary, Shillong City Youth Wing.
Please bring your proof documents to the clubs you want to affiliate/renew.
It is to be recalled that the PHE scheme, which the people have received water supply so far, was during his tenure as MLA and Minister.
To the north is the village of Mawkhan.
The Minister said that he has already replied to the Assembly on the question raised by the MLA/MDC of Sohra that the government has already approved the implementation of the KHADC Bill and has sent it to the Governor. state to get its approval.
Bah Laborious Manik Syiem said that it is no longer a matter of calling for a movement but an hour ahead of the mawjam we have worked and first Khanduli and the 36 villages will stand together to demand their rights. The CM comes at any time and the people come out in order.
The union also condemned the management of NEHU, that if they conduct such an examination, that if they do not have the numbers of the students who will write this examination, NEHU should They should build in such a way to avoid confusion and they should find different rooms so that the students can write this exam.
And Delilah said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson.
Although the election for the re-election of the NPP leaders is still far away, the NPP MLA from Jirang has urged the party workers to start working hard by setting up Block and Unit of the NPP in manla villages and townships in the district, so that the NPP's plan to hold a meeting in 2023 will be successful.
Argentina beat Brazil in the Copa America final in Rio de Janeiro on Saturday, while Italy beat Brazil at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. London and conquered England.
“On my part, I have taken this matter seriously. Besides the demand from the people, the UDP has already suggested to the government to temporarily suspend these policemen and “I have already written an article which has been published since the 17th in all the media in which I have mentioned the case of Francis Sangma,” he said.
IFAD, which funds the state, almost closed its projects in 2018 due to lack of use of the fund but now the projects are progressing well.
Lorenza also made history by becoming the first athlete from Meghalaya to qualify for the World Combat Games.
The people on board included five children and three infants.
God is now turning people away in many ways and events that are happening in the world to seek His face because God is Love, and He has mercy on all.
They also demanded that the government should provide leave for illness and childbirth as most of the farmers are women.
It is here that the words will be fulfilled: “When I take away their sins.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the two suspects were identified as Pynshailang Warjri, 32, of Umtangar and Banshngain Tynsong, He is a 20-year-old resident of Umtangar, Ri Bhoi District.
The office bearers of the HSPDP Youth Wing Rambrai Zone are President Bah Khiebor Lyngkhoi (Mawrang), Vice President Amrichbadonal Kharbani (Nongkroh) and Noveal Sohshang (Nongkroh), Secretary Ferdinal Mawtyllup (Mawthungmarwei). (Umsiej), Advisors Mr. Tai Nongsiej, Mr. Driosly Lyngkhoi and Mr. Pilot Nongphud.
In 2021, the number of students enrolled in higher education was 4.1 crore in India.
Let us elect legislators on the basis of our issues and rules, not on their manifestos.
The bus was arrested by the state police.
However, the question is whether this mission will help to solve the problem of unemployment among the youth.
The party also alleged that this action by the MLA of Mawhati, is not only a ploy to strengthen the vote bank of the Hynniewtre people, but also to protect the rights of the Hynniewtre people. The state government should reject the request to include these Tiwa (Lalung) as Schedule Tribe, but should take action to amend the ST Order Act
The disease also affects the immune system and mental function.
Para Ri, the HYC calls upon you all that the time demands the unity and cooperation of all to resolve this issue, we need the cooperation of all at this time.
The cleanliness center was constructed under the SRWP scheme for the year 2020-21 at a cost of Rs 2.50 lakh in the presence of Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah J Lyngdoh Rangbah Shnong and other dignitaries. old men and women.
The foreigner also said that the Meghalaya Government should arrest Bah Sanbor Shullai because he was under the influence of alcohol or drugs which led him to talk and argue about the incident between Assam and Mizoram.
In a statement, KSU President Daniel Khyriem and General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the government and MBOSE to make Khasi an elective subject. The KSU has demanded that the education department should cancel the decision. In a statement, the KSU said, “If the fire breaks out, it will be from the the government and the MBOSE”.
