There are 16 Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA-II government who have had to resign and these are independent MLAs as well as Congress MLAs.
However, it was informed that the work of the Council has not been suspended, as some departments within the Council have to complete urgent tasks such as the Finance Department.
During the search, police also seized 9 liters of kyiad worth T.3912 thousand.
In short, the plant is the only thing that can feed itself from the air.
Shillong, July 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday approved the budget for the year 2013-14 which is less than T.27,6
The incident happened at about 10 pm and the cause of the fire is still unknown.
other parts of Shillong you don't have.
In Sangli, one of the capitals of Maharashtra, special preparations have been made to treat only children if they contract the virus.
The Uniform Civil Code comes through Article 44 of the Constitution which states that all States must ensure that this Code applies to all citizens of the country.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the MCA, Bah R. Katrai.
Peter is a young man who looks and sounds good.
Mawkyrwat, July 3: Despite the cold night, the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA) on Tuesday held a Midnight Swimming Championship at at 11:30 pm at Phot Mawpon, Mawkyrwat.
The same is true of the Western Shillong Bye-Pass, which is one of the ways not only to help avoid the bridge over the main dam of Shillong. The Umiam Reservoir will help reduce the traffic jam in Shillong by helping to avoid the need to pass through the east and west of Shillong. .
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) will soon hold the T20 Cricket Tournament 2021 at Mookhep District Cricket Playground.
They are only self styled village leaders without the people.
Participants included leaders and members of KSU, JSU, GSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, HITO, Shillong. Students' Association,Mizo Students' Union Shillong, Twipra Students' Federation Shillong, Arunachal Students Union Shillong, Mara Students' Organization and Lai Students' Association.
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has accused Shillong MP Vincent H Pala of not being able to do anything for the people, because he is walking like a lion.
The 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship was held at the Multi Purpose Indoor Sports Hall of the Sports Authority of India (NSU) on Tuesday. Eastern Hills University.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the meeting was held yesterday between the management of GVK and its employees.
This is the fourth time that the boxer will prepare to compete in professional boxing since he won the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion 2022 in Mumbai. The Professional Boxing Tournament will be held in 2022 and 2023 in Manipur.
According to the Government's plans, the following are the main objectives of the SSA scheme:• The scheme is for the implementation of schooling and education for all children and the scheme will be implemented within a period of put.
Its distance from the Sun is 400 billion miles, it is a very dense planet, on which living things cannot survive.
He said that if the company does not bring the product within the time set by the union and the elders, the union will hold a strike and if anything happens, The company should take responsibility for the child and should pay the compensation because the kidnapper was brought by the company without proper documents.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on Tuesday visited Dawki village in West Jaintia Hills District.
“The NPP youths don't sit quietly like other parties to shout even in the wrong places.
Isaiah 2:2–4.
Therefore, in conclusion, there is no benefit if the parties within the MDA nominate their own MP candidates.
Egentstar alleged that RSS leader Mohan Bhagat's claim that Indians are Hindus is misleading and intended to discriminate against the people of Meghalaya and the North East. East) all over.
According to the law, petrol cannot be stored in any place as petrol is harmful.
“TTC Marak, a member of the Indian Forest Service (IFS), was also present as the chief guest.
He has also served as Advisor to the Mawiang Hima since
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 16th June, sent a petition to the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, expressing its deep concern over the confusion caused by the conduct of the examination. The Common University Entrance Test (CUET) 2024 was held on the 15th of this month at the Center of NEHU, Shillong.
Ahmad will stay in Shillong for two days and it is understood from his speech that the meeting will not only be held in the state but will also be conveyed to the ears of the Central Government of India. The meeting of traders around the country as well as in Guwahati.
Imat has a world in Bodo.
He said that the Civil Hospital Shillong, Nazareth Hospital and NEIGRIHMS Hospital have oxygen generators and the government will continue to increase the number of oxygen generators at the Civil Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital and RP Chest Hospital, Shillong. Tura Civil Hospital, Jowai Civil Hospital and Nongpoh Civil Hospital will also receive these oxygen plants.
The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has expressed its gratitude to the 30 Karate players from the state who have taken part in the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 which was held in New Delhi. Delhi.
The deadline is before 14th March
Currently, Baljek Airport covers an area of ​​120 acres.
This is a very serious issue and don't harass people without any reason because if anything happens you are not responsible for the harassment.
As a Khasi, I respect the teachings of our ancestors even though I am a Christian because these teachings teach us how to live a good life and free from evil and enmity. that other people.
During the inspection, three teams, the health department, civil society and the elders of the village, including the Rangbah Shnong Bah Thomsing Mawkon, the Secretary Shnong Bah Brewin Riahtam, had many discussions. on the shortcomings of the PHC before reaching the goal of opening it.
Besides, there are also Khasi residents from Langpih, Mawlan, Ïew Nongma, Mawdiangsnam, Umwali and Umbyrsit, who have registered themselves on the electoral roll of the Assam government.
On the other hand, BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that the departments in charge of the construction of the office building should visit the site and if found that there is a first flood. The company or contractor should be black listed and at the same time the engineers who are in charge of the work should be punished according to the law. you work tortilla with shisha.
At the same time, during the raid, the KHADC police also seized four foreign shops, which do not have a trading license, in the same village.
The Committee will ensure that the shopkeepers, vendors and customers comply with the rules and regulations laid down by the government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The facts show that although Assam is the largest state in the North East, it has not yet received the recognition of the people of the North East, as it has only 14 members. MPs to the Lok Sabha and therefore it is the duty of the State not to discriminate against the small States of the North East; but it should take the lead in showing by its actions the brotherhood of the nine states and speak in the same voice, which will encourage the leaders of Delhi to treat the North East as a troin. east.
When asked why they don't have such hope, they said that the reason is because there are too many voters and another reason is that they don't have any big ones whom they know.
This comes four days before the meeting scheduled to be held between the state government and the HPC to take a final decision on this issue.
In another match later on the same day, Achanta Sharath Kamal and Sathiyan Gnanasekaran prepared for their men's doubles against the women's doubles. Paul Drinkhall and Liam Pitchford won the pre-quarterfinals.
It is to be recalled that on the 27th June, 2023, the KSU has visited the family in a tragic incident. a lot of possessions.
Speaking to U Nongsaiñ Hima, Bah Michael Syiem, Leader of Maitshaphrang and one of the elders who brought up the issue, said that the beginning of bringing up the issue. This is after his resignation from the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) due to the expiry of his term.
Hymson Challam, Francis Marbaniang, Samebanmerbha S.Blah, Damebanmerbha S.Blah, Ram Lanong, Lakhon Lanong, Gregorwilson Makdoh, Ferdinand S. Rani, Damanbha Pde, Jake D.Syiemiong, Gideon Tympuin, Aventinus G.Mylliem, Jasper .Pdang and Teiborlang.
“However, HITO does not wear iong clothes with the intention of deceiving or misleading the public or the Government and according to what we have seen on social media for two years now we do not think that HITO wears iong clothes. which are similar to the clothes worn by Government personnel when we look at the Batches or any signs of the clothes worn by HITO.
New Delhi, Naitung 20: Both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha today expressed their shock over the incident in Manipur, especially over the video that has circulated today. naked the two women in the elders.
The approval of the DC to cut down these trees is wrong and it is like a threat in front of these Karbi.
They urged the Syiem of Mylliem and the EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit to allow vehicles to enter the jhur market to unload their produce. mih mar i dep as u long.
He said that it is suspected that some of them are involved in this and it is also suspected that some of the civil society organizations are also involved in this.
Pepijn Reyenga scored four goals in the 17th minute, Boris Burkhardt in the 40th minute and Duco Telgenkamp in the 41st minute. 58.
Allegedly, the NPP has tried to lie and mislead the people, Shullai said, “The leaders have worked tirelessly to hide the facts that the NPP and BJP will create the “We have received information from the media that the NPP leaders have admitted that the TMC is more interested in criticizing the BJP,” he said. The BJP is not responsible for development in Meghalaya.
After the decision of the UDP Pynursla Circle, journalists today went to meet with Bah Nehru Suting at his office at the Directorate of Commerce and Industries.
“Does this show that all those journalists who covered the VPP meetings in the last elections were paid in money or deceived in any way to get up to 4 seats (4 The SPC has demanded that Bah Ardent should provide the names of the journalists who have been arrested. The SPC and all the media outlets in the State have tried to misbehave in the wrong way. as far as possible to follow.
Ma Pearlet Toi urged the manufacturers and manufacturers to take advantage of this opportunity to benefit and earn a living.
The Marathon will be organized by Sportive India as a struggle to promote tourism, create opportunities to promote tourism to the border with Bangladesh through friendly relations and also to encourage young people to fight against drugs.
“During the heavy rainfall, the people suffer from the slowness of the road and when the sky is bright again, this snowfall occurs,” said a clothing shopkeeper in the area.
PC in the GHADC, saying that the Act was passed to curb the spread of COVID-19, but in fact the purpose behind the government is to harass the employees. the GHADC, so that they cannot come forward to demand their rights.
According to the organizers of the programme, the team that won the match between Real Madrid and Chelsea, The team will continue to move forward to face Man City or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals.
Shillong, Nailar 22: While the people thought that the Planning Board would be the brain of the State to shape the development, the answer from the Chairman of the Board was different.
The meeting, which was attended by the SPs and Deputy Commissioners of both the countries from the border districts, decided to share information when encountering any problems.
However, I will not give up but I will work hard for the implementation of this project and by 2020, I will be able to announce publicly on the improvement of this most important road of this area.
He said that as the night went on, 21 vehicles were damaged and 4 vehicles were burnt down.
They turned it from dko to diko and forced them to believe that the diko was a lyngngam.
Through these 3 points, the author tries to show the reasons for the incompleteness of the O.M.dated 10.05.2022 and its Roster.
:The office of the Block Development Officer Mawkyrwat C&RD Block in collaboration with the Line Department of various departments in the District today held a “Hamara Sankalp Viksit Bharat” under the M3K IAS Additional Secretary, Rural Development Government of India (IAS) was the chief guest in the presence of Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner SWKHD, U Bah I.Lawrynniang, BDO Mawkyrwat Block and other government officials and the public who attended this special programme.
On Thursday, 81 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 1 death, bringing the death toll to 1559 in the state.
They were identified as Johnyriah Marboh, driver of the vehicle, resident of Upper Shillong and followed by Augustine Marboh, resident of Nongrah Umjapung.
To promote tourism through culture and tradition, an interest-free loan of up to 2 lakh tyngka will be provided.
The public hearing was led by Bah S.Syiem Engineer MSPCB in the presence of Kong Balakyntiew Ranee, ADC, Erik Dkhar, BDO Umling Block, Rangbah Shnong and residents. The villagers of this area who have been able to listen and witness the expression of the people whether they want the quarry to get back the permission to mine stone in this area.
Thousands of people attended the funeral of the two daughters of Lucy on Sunday.
Sengrak, a sergeant major and at the same time the commander in charge of finance, said that Sengrak, also known as Dilash, said that his group had weapons. fight with AKs, 9 mm pistols, hand grenades and rocket launchers.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Kamni Siangshai of Nongrim Bamthong village.
He said that Chad has also suffered from severe famine in the past four years and the WFP alone can no longer provide support to Chad in feeding these large numbers of refugees.
Furthermore, Bah John F Kharshiing also thanked the parents who have given their support to their children to encourage them to participate in sports and also to go through the Meghalaya Sports Policy for the benefit of the children. the son.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the appointment of staff in the new Block has been decided to be done on a contract basis until further notice.
We invite all the Sengbhalang and Dorbar Trai Ri from the Dorbar Shnong, Raid, Hima, Elaka, Dorbar Kur, Nokma and others to work together now and as a state we have to express only Shillong: In the next 24 hours, the weather will be cloudy with rain in some places. of Meghalaya.
In Bilat, it is about 40 inches per year in the whole country, but there are places where it receives up to 400 inches, such as in the Cumberland Mountains.
Let us congratulate the students, all the schools who have taken the initiative to organize these signature campaigns, marches, and other various programmes.
Police are asking anyone with information about the driver to contact police and their names will be withheld.
If you don't have it, you can't sing it.
State of Punjab).
In a statement, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the meeting today decided to lift the 144 CrPC in the city. The government will make arrangements to install street lights to bring peace and order.
The union also expressed its opposition to the implementation of the smart meter project by MeECL together with M/s Satnam Global Infra Projects Ltd (JV), a Delhi-based company which will also implement the smart meter project through ADB schemes (MPDSIP). ).
“We don't know why this happened and if all the doctors had to explain or tell us about this, I believe there wouldn't be anyone who would take medicine or not drink medicine,” said AIM. AIM Meghalaya State Unit demands a full explanation through the state government and we have to ask the question on what is the main reason why school children have to take medicine when they go to school in good health. “The establishment of schools for us human beings is to go to school to get education, or should the school also be like a hospital that will have to treat patients?”.
On the part of the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah PD Nongrum, he expressed his gratitude to the government for giving permission to the Sengkhasi Seng Kmie to hold this dance. The participants should be in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Government.
On receiving information about the accident, the Umiam Police Station rushed to the scene with a fire truck.
He said that as MLAs of the party, they should ensure that the MLA schemes should be implemented in a timely manner and should also provide a detailed and complete report to the people from time to time.
The blockade on public roads is a violation of the Meghalaya Police Act,
The purpose of this is to appeal to the public to join hands in the helping hand which is “By the people, to the people” to instill a sense of community spirit. many problems.
The staff will meet face to face with the people when the people need food, pensions and to convey many problems.
MegARISE is a project to implement the State Water Policy in Meghalaya.
They also demanded that the United Nations should write to the United Nations and discuss the rape of women by these robbers. Nobokishore, Chairman of the Forum, said in a petition.
Shillong: UDP MDC Paul Lyngdoh and Teibor Pathaw, another newly joined UDP member, have endorsed Latiplang Kharkongngor as the Chief Executive Officer of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Member of the Khasi District Council.
The NPP's 2018 election promises are as follows: The NPP has announced its candidate for six women out of 58 candidates from Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
He said that if the garbage in Iawmusiang is not clean tomorrow, the union will proceed with the immediate closure of the Iawmusiang market from 7th July
A driver is responsible not only for his own life, but for that of others.
Meghalaya buys electricity from other companies as it cannot meet the electricity demand in the State through existing and operational electricity projects.
The match in the first half between the two teams was a draw with no goals scored.
Goals: Vinicius Junior 59.
The purpose of this Resolution is to highlight the fact that there are many indigenous people (according to the ST list) who enjoy the same benefits as the indigenous people of the state”.
We all know and hear from time to time that “a wise woman builds up her house but a foolish woman destroys it”.
Grace said that most of the expenditure of the KHADC of T.28 crore is on the construction of the District Council and these works fall under the Council Building Department which she holds.
The helicopter was also carrying a man who was shot dead by the Taliban and was shot dead by the Taliban. He was tied up with a rope and dropped into the helicopter, which was flying over Kandahar.
“After coming from Delhi, we have submitted the petition to the Ministry of Home Affairs and Tribal Affairs of the Union Government and sent a copy to the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government as well as to the Prime Minister and President. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the President of KAS.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of 20,000/- tyngka and the runners up will receive a cash prize of 10,000/- tyngka.
He was born on 29th March 1962 and lives in Wahdienglieng, Risa Colony, Shillong.
On the same day, the office bearers of the Mawïaban Primary Unit and all the members who came to join the party were also confirmed.
Additional Deputy Commissioner HK Thabah, who said that two blocks in West Khasi Hills have their own Disaster Management Branches.
At the same time, while urging the ASHA workers to work only 6 hours during their free time, not every day, the Minister said, “We have ANMs who support us in We also have Mid Level Health Workers to support us in our operations.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today said that those who oppose differences of opinion in democracy should go to North Korea.
PC, I, Isawanda Laloo, IAS District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, hereby announce that it is strictly prohibited to use fishing methods that harm underwater species in the Umngot and Umiew Rivers. Illegal burning of forest in these villages is also prohibited in East Khasi Hills District.
Former NPP MDC James Sylliang and MCPC Leader Mathias Mynsong promised to work together with the goal of winning the NPP candidate from Mawati Constituency. Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, Party Leader in Ri Bhoi, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA and Minister of State who promised to work hard for the victory of the NPP in Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan on Saturday held a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on the issue of education, training and self-employment.
“My speech that day I spoke on the basis, I didn't speak on anyone, I spoke on the basis on which the party stands”. and as a BJP MLA I have the right to meet with leaders or ministers to discuss the issues of the people of the constituency and the state”.
The man who was walking with the two disciples, when he heard the two disciples talking about the incident of Jesus being tortured and killed by crucifixion, he asked those disciples, “DID NOT JESUS ​​THE MESSIAH HAVE TO SUFFER FROM THESE THINGS AND ENTER GLORY?” Furthermore, the Gospel writer Luke in his writing mentions these things. the words “THE SUFFERING, SUFFERING AND DEATH OF JESUS ​​IS A SIGN THAT GOD THROUGH HIS SON (Jesus) HAS REDEEMED MAN”.
Shillong, June 09: The Under-16 Football Tournament organized by the Mawpynthaw Sports Social and Cultural Organization (MSSCO) on Saturday 8th at Mawpynthaw Stadium came to an end with the final match between ÏSSCO won the title 3-0 against Mawpynthaw FC in the first leg of the tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, said that the citizens can also complain to the Election Commission if there is any violation of the Model Code of Conduct by calling them. They intend to lodge a complaint against violations of the election laws.
The report said that the MePDCL employee died on top of an electric pole and fell inside until the wire fell to the ground.
On the other hand, the Hima Mylliem has recently decided that the buyers should count the goods according to the weight, by weighing the kriah, byrni, khoh after the release of the products. Know how much you weigh and don't just cut 5-10 kilos without measuring your weight.
Dr. Srikumar Menon, Associate Professor, Department of Heritage and Humanities, NIAS, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, spoke about the heroes of the Little People in Megalithic South India.
There was no announcement or public notices to be issued regarding the appointment but a few residents of Patna were posted as assistants in most of the Railways department having in Mumbai, Jabalpur, Kolkata, Jaipur and Hazipur.
One of these songs is “Pynkhreh Samla to Pynkhreh now”, which has also appeared in the song of the KSU in recent years.
The number of cases in India has risen to 23,000 and the death toll to
Before the team left home, a congratulatory meeting was held in the presence of Meghalaya Football Association Secretary Sunesh Syiem, members of the Senior Cell, Cocah and others. that player.
The new government should be formed by October 6,
Shillong: Police have suspected that a husband killed his wife in an incident in Jowai, but they have not yet arrested him. sufficient evidence and testimony.
They say that it is only the responsibility of the president and they don't know anything about it, and they want to try to remove or remove the state president.
President Women's Wing Pretty Kharpyngrope welcomed the women from other parties and Bah Metbah and Bah Reming welcomed the women from other parties.
In addition, the Minister said that those villages which do not yet have these centers are now under the jurisdiction of the Early Childhood Development Programme.
Ms Santa also talked to the Waheh Shnongs regarding the PHCs which are the health centers in the area and said that she will take this issue to the authorities. to ensure that these PHCs are adequate for the benefit of the people.
The Seiñraij Jowai on Saturday commemorated the 161st birth anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah at a function held at Myngkoi Pyrdi, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai in the presence of MP Rajya Sabha Dr. .Kharlukhi's appearance as a guest.
These are only the names given by men to the same God.
I understand that we need to improve, but I have visited many hospitals and we need to work better and this will happen in the next few months and years.
HSS, Visitor Govt.
A person who is drunk lowers the value of himself, while a person who is drunk lowers the value of society, the nation and tries to improve himself with the worldly knowledge that we have bought cheaply.
On the first day, Chantrath will meet with MPs and MLAs at Congress Bhawan Shillong.
Luderberg Ch Momin is a former MLA, General Secretary, UDP and professor at NEHU. Luderberg Ch Momin is a former MLA who has stood for election from APHLC, HPU and UDP since 38-Mendipathar Constituency Subrotho G.Marak 39-Resubelpara ConstituencyTaposh D.Marak 40-Bajengdoba Constituency Rakman Ch-Romins Hill UDP West Garo District Garo Hills District 55-Salmanpara Constituency Ronald Rikman Sangma 57-Dalu Constituency Kennethson R.Sangma 47-Rajabala Constituency Asahel D Shira.
The KSU also demanded that the state government should take strong action against the Karbi rebels operating in Umtlieh, Ri Bhoi District, who demand money from the villagers and threaten to shoot dead if they do not provide. the money.
The screening will be held on 3rd March, 2023 at Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat, 10th March, 2023 at Ranikor Community Health Centre, 17th March, 2023 at Mawthawpdah Primary Health Center (PHC). 31st of March at Wahkaji Primary Health Center (PHC).
The survey has reached the Pnar, Bhoi, War areas in Nongphlang and the western Hima and found that they are mostly found in the western Hima such as Mawkyrwat, Phlangdiloin, Mawthawpdah, Umdohlun, Mawthabah and other Himas. Nongstoin, Nongkhnum, Jakrem and Mawmahwar.
It was witnessed that the Myntdu River has been very severe and the landslide has occurred in parts of Mynthong, Salaroh, Riatsasim which has also affected the houses of the people. The landslide has occurred on the newly constructed road from Jowai to Amlarem and other parts of Ri-Lum Jaintia.
He said that the Seng demands that the government should take action for the WKHD as there are two football grounds in the district headquarters in Nongstoiñ and one NDSA ground. Nongpyndeng Stadium and Nongpathar Stadium in Pyndengrei and both these grounds are fully suitable for artificial turf but why does the Minister say it is too far to get artificial turf.
“Anyone who disobeyed the Law of Moses died without mercy.
BSF troops, while on their way from Jowai to Khliehriat, have found it difficult to move forward, as the people, have blocked the road, due to the death of two people and soldiers who were supposed to patrol Khliehriat. , they could not proceed, because there was a road blockade near Wapung village and so they had to return to Jowai.
In order to combat the menace of drugs, it was also informed that the state government has already launched the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM).
The Doloi Nangbah gave the ODD Numbers only at the end of the year.
As the MP of Shillong Constituency, Ma Vincent Pala, was not present at the Behdeinkhlam ceremony, which is also the last ceremony before the elections in June 2013, Rupang asked him. President of the Sein Raij, in which he said, “In these three years, he has not come even once”.
The AJMDMWU was formed on the 13th of this month at a meeting held at the indoor hall of the Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
Regarding these talks with Bah Khan, Rupang asked whether there is any candidate who wants to contest the MDC election from the Congress ticket from Mawkynrew. The sources said that besides Bah Khan, there is another candidate who intends to contest for the Congress ticket from the constituency. The Congress party, according to information received, Bah Teilang Blah, is one of the leaders who is preparing to apply for the Congress ticket.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya has called for a protest on Saturday to protest against the arrest of Congress MP Dhiraj Sahu with Rs 200 crore from Jharkhand. the corruption that continues within the oldest party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Leaders of the Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep (KSKBUH) on Tuesday met with the Dy SP of Shillong City Subir Sangma who is also the Investigation Officer (IO) of Shillong City. They have lodged a complaint against the police involved in the shooting death of former Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) leader Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew during a raid on his residence in the morning. 13 January, 2021.
Referring to the TMC's promise to cancel the MoU, Prestone said that the TMC's promise shows that it does not want the problems of the people living on the border to end.
This is due to the change in the color of the water in the liter of the river.
Even the best colleges in the city don’t have more than one classroom for honors subject.
And I am willing to give a written statement now,” said Dr Chellakumar while talking to media after a meeting with party workers at Congress Bhavan, Shillong.
During the lockdown to fight against COVID-19 in October, the water was clean and after the lifting of the lockdown, the color of the river has gradually increased.
They should have read the Lokayukta Act carefully first and after reading it they will come to lodge a complaint.
Therefore, the Finance Department has already prepared everything and the full budget,” he said.
Rev Dr EH Kharkongor Secretary, said that the Forum sympathizes with them for this persecution for their faith.
Gamelial Kharlyngdoh scored several chances in the second half.
Shillong: The Mens-U 23 State A Trophy was played in Chandigarh on Saturday. The state team lost to Railways by 32 runs in the last match of the tournament. Meghalaya has played six matches but has not won a single match against Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bengal and of Railways.
It is learned that as part of the preparations to join the NPP, the Congress office bearers of Mawkyrwat Block have resigned in these days.
Otherwise, where is the Kharmetor issue (Mawlong area), who will answer? It should not be the responsibility of the Sengbhalang alone for the life and death of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya is ready to announce its chief ministerial candidate in November. state.
“All the rice that has grown outside and the floods have completely destroyed the rice,” said the farmers.
Such incidents have never been seen before in Meghalaya.
“However, they should answer for their actions in front of the people,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
On the other hand, Bah Lahkmen said that the Cabinet meeting also approved the proposal of the Ministry of Education to increase the fees of students who have passed the examination conducted by the Directorate of Educational Research. and Training (DERT) to become more effective.
He was also appointed as the Nodal Officer of the RUSA Scheme which is the Central Scheme for the development of the college as a whole.
MCA Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni and Thakuria have left for Jagiroad, Assam to witness the U-19 men's team to compete in the Vinoo Mankad Trophy. , which is a one-day sports tournament.
It is not necessary to know the subject of political science to understand the meaning of collective responsibility of the Cabinet or the joint responsibility of Government Ministers for the decisions of the Cabinet.
Perhaps those carrying money were lucky and escaped scrutiny or arrest.
(k) If you pray with blood or if the toilet is red and blue.
We often find that such teachers cannot teach well at first, but after a few years of teaching they become skilled and knowledgeable.
He said that the collection of revenue by these toll gates after the end of these three months will be illegal and against the law and the NHAI should take action in this regard.
They said that after the formation of the regional committees, they as the prime ministers will visit these places as an encouragement to the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the shopkeepers said that the price of thied has dropped sharply due to the reluctance of the people to come to buy because the goods are soaked and the people have refused to buy. They went out to the streets to buy but went to other markets and shops where they didn't have to eat pumpum.
Nongstoiñ: According to sources, this incident happened on Friday evening when a woman was alone in her house and she was sitting on a fire near Shawla. Suddenly, her clothes caught fire and in her old age she could no longer protect herself until this tragic incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Dr. Mukul Sangma today in a meeting with reporters at his office, said that he was angry when reporters asked him how he feels about the BJP wind blowing across the country. “Where is that BJP wind, tell me, where?” he said.
“We took over the MDA government in 2018 and it is the only government that has faced the most difficulties and as soon as we took over the first problem is the Metor area, the second Ichamati, the fourth CAB which has become CAA, the fourth “We haven't been able to work properly but we are the right people and we are showing our work now,” said Prestone.
Cuadrat started his career in India as the secretary general of Bengaluru FC (BFC) in
The residents have criticized the MSOA for its actions which have discouraged the players who have won and worked hard but have had to go home empty handed.
The company also provides health and accident insurance for its drivers.
Meghalaya's next match today is against Tripura.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma on Tuesday expressed his strong opposition to the Central Government's proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code. (UCC) in India, because India is one of the largest ethnic groups in India.
It is necessary to return to traditional agricultural practices and the promotion of the use of fertilizers in a systematic and supportable manner.
In Shella Constituency, there are two candidates, Bah Pynthymmaibor Chyne and Bah Bantyngshain Rynga. In Sohra, although no exact information has been received, there are two candidates.
The police also seized 4.05 grams of heroin, 237 Nitrozepam Tablets and 45 Syringes from the suspects along with a cash amount of T.17,0
This is the goal of the Congress government in Karnataka to make Kannada the language of public speech.
U Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai Constituency
On the other hand, Bah Finely took this opportunity to express his gratitude and thanks to God for guiding and opening the way for him to reach this level. I would also like to thank all my friends and relatives who have come forward to congratulate and congratulate him after his election as one of the Associate Vice Presidents of AFI. The UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh has said that the party will continue to work with the MDA government despite many challenges to protect the state from President Rule.
After retiring from sports last year, Jeje on October 27 this year joined the Zoram People's Movement.
Ezekiel 43:2.
He said all the information has been received by the government including the Assam government and the central government.
After the leaders of the two organizations seized these vehicles, they conducted an investigation into the drivers of these vehicles. They were arrested by the Bangladeshi Border Supari in Lakroh.
The incident happened when Mawlai scored the first goal and the fans of Mawlai who had packed the temporary gallery, suddenly started shouting. and all those in the gallery fell to the ground.
Yes, they have left, but when we ask where they have gone, we know that they have gone to that permanent home.
After the loss of the Congress Mawlai's founder, the party was temporarily looked after by its senior leaders including AN Lyndem, Vice President J.K. Basaiawmoit General Secretary and several others.
In Andhra Pradesh, Law Minister E Pratap Reddy met the Governor and handed over his resignation letter.
Wherever you go, I will go with you.
The population of Myntdu is 207 including 112 females and 95 males. The residents aged 18 years and above are 67 females and 62 males. .
Outside, coal mining has been banned but inside, mining continues illegally and coal has been seized.
Remember that God has once done the first great work in our state against the disease, after the death of Dr. Sailo Ryntathiang He has healed all 12 people who were infected with Covid-1 By the faith of all the sick God hears their prayers.
The President of Seiñraij Jowai, OR Challam and Edystone Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, expressed their regret and urged the district authorities to take action to resolve the issue. in the morning, markets and houses.
Pynshngaiñ Kurbah won the silver medal in the Under 18 Canoe Slalom with a score of 98.3
It is a minor lung disease caused by the rise of the lungs or the swelling of the lungs which affects the growth of the lungs and causes pain in the respiratory tract.
Pynshongdor Shadap of Sutnga won the Man of the Match title.
“Here in Meghalaya there is a big difference from other states and for that reason every five years even private candidates win if it is not that the people elect the candidate they like. Independents have not won for three years,” said the Symbud Prime Minister.
Most of the inhabitants here are farmers and labourers.
He said that nowadays many of the youth have a selfish and selfish attitude, which causes them to lose confidence in others.
Thomas said KHNAM has demanded that this should be stopped and a thorough investigation should be conducted especially as the Iewmawlong area is still in the struggle of the state government to relocate them.
Ten heads of men went to plant a tree, To drive away the disease, From that time on to be remembered, The village was called Mawkhlam.
On the other hand, the employees of the SBI ATM have advised the victims to write a complaint to the SBI so that their money will not be lost from the account.
The deadline for admission of teams to participate in this tournament will start tomorrow 20th November 2019 and the admission of teams is as soon as possible.
One of the residents of the house reportedly suffered from breathing difficulties on 18th June and when 67 residents of the same house were tested positive, 41 of them were found to have coronavirus disease.
For now, this Bill has been passed in the House”.
Emanbha Marbaniang (21, 39 & 41) scored a hat-trick while Phermanbha Lyngdoh (2) and Milli August (29) scored the other goals.
The Minister also expressed his appreciation for the many initiatives taken by the government to improve the skills of the youth of the state and also in terms of the quality of life among the residents. everything.
There shall be no laws and regulations from time to time.
Villagers shall not be allowed to speak or campaign for elections within the village and the meeting shall be conducted by the Waheh Shnong.
The joint action committee includes Hill Farmer's Union, Riwar Sepngi Farmers Association, Synroplang Ri-Bhoi District Farmers Association and Warsan Lyngdoh Farmers Association.
During the raid, the ANTF arrested three robbers from a Maruti Alto.
Water shortages will also increase as water sources have shrunk due to lack of rainfall.
After this, Bah Pynshngain stood up again and replied to the speech of the Prime Minister by saying, “I hope that the Prime Minister will do so when I enter his room”.
Government in Khim Khait: How will the Government of Meghalaya do now, if it can no longer get the assistance of the Durbar Shnongs (D/S) and R/S? stealing wood, smuggling, trafficking in drugs, robbery, murder, destruction of Government property, to dig through village land or to draw water from village areas, to watch for criminals who enter and hide inside villages, to assist in the implementation of various Government schemes, for the BPL (poor) and others whose activities are going smoothly? These are the issues arising from the order, which has abolished the practicality between the government and the recognized traditional bodies and people.
“Regarding this action of the KHADC through the Enforcement Team without informing the KSU, the KSU is not satisfied and as the KSU will not hesitate to conduct a public raid by the KSU on all foreign shops in Nongpoh. “We are sorry that we have gone through the process of informing the relevant authorities, but the KHADC has not respected this initiative,” said Samla John Lyngdoh.
For example, in Ri-Bhoi, they have started talking to people to join the BJP. In Shillong West and other places, TMC leaders have tried to invite our leaders to join the BJP. .From the TMC, they have told us that they will join the BJP”.
Jowai: Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla today held a meeting with the Block Development Officer of Thadlaskein C&RD Block and the District Agriculture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the issue of farmers. Thadlaskein Block especially on the damage and destruction of the environment in the past few days.
The Cardinal, who is also President of the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conference (FABC), is also a member of the Pontifical Council for Culture and Consecrated Life (Rome) and the Pontifical Commission for Communication. ).
The subject here is whether the people of India need intellectuals to go into politics or actors or rich people to enter Parliament. , the Finance Minister of India, contested the elections in 2014, but did not win at all and then we remember that another Congress leader, PC Chi Dambaram, lost himself in the 2014 elections and this time, he never surfaced again.
The woman said that the robber was the husband of her youngest sister, Mombrisoh Nongbsap and was called 'Paduh'
After the meeting, the B.Sc 6th Semester students of KNG College, Jowai gave a practical demonstration to the students of Class XII Science of KJP Synod Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
He said that the demand will be on the annexation of the state through the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and Annexed Accession (AA) which has not worked at all yet and not by other means. The Hynniewtrep State should be in the Article 370 according to the central provisions of the Agreement. It shall be the right of the Hynniewtrep people in India, which has not yet been implemented by the Central Government.
Chairman of the Market Committee, Ma Golden Gashnga, said that the market has been decided to open after receiving permission from the SDO Amlarem Sub-Division.
“The NPP leaders have to praise that there is no such thing as theirs anymore, as the khar dot say, even the milk that is more water than the milk, is the stem shynrai, that it is 'No1-Baria' However, many of the NPP leaders are talking about what? Isn't the leader of South Tura, Conrad Sangma, who shouldn't win, as others feel the same, or will he waste his time in clean milk? want.
After investigation, the woman confessed that the gold was smuggled from the India-Bangladesh border.
Referring to the collapse of part of the newly constructed PA Sangma Stadium, Bah Shakliar said that the investigation report is ongoing. He said that the stadium was not built or maintained by the sports department, but by others. At the same time, he said that after the collapse of the stadium, the matter is now in court. The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the order issued to close shops at 10 pm is not a punishment but a concern over the increase in the number of shops. I'm not sure what to do in Shillong.
In order to convey this issue to the State Government, the people with disabilities held a public meeting at Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
The Congress government in Meghalaya at that time had built houses for the Kharmetor near the Polo Tower and below the residence of the Chief Secretary.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, while talking to media on the demands for the Inner Line Permit (ILP), today said that the primary duty of the government is to protect to the State owners, this is the priority of the Government.
“The garbage we throw without finding it not only spoils the image and pollutes the village, but also affects the health if these public places are covered with garbage,” said Ma Wailadmiki Shylla. .
The Seng Samla Mawlai Nongkwar in a statement requests especially those land owners in the Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar to come early on this day to clean up their land which they have left behind. and if property owners who do not take responsibility for cleaning or maintaining their properties; The Seng Samla shall not be responsible for any problems encountered with these land.
Many Congress leaders have resigned since yesterday to express their gratitude to Rahul Gandhi.
“If we teachers did this when we taught 10 years ago, what would happen to the students of the state?”, asked the union.
He said that in the case of foreigners, they should get their trading license from the Trade Department while the locals should get their trading license from the Enforcement Wing. To meet the requirements for the completion of this form only until the 30th of November, we will not accept any more applications after this date.
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister on the 7th of this month during his visit to New Delhi together with his Ministers met and handed over a letter to the Union Minister of Agriculture Narendra Singh Tomar at She requested him to allow the students of Meghalaya who have to flee Imphal due to ethnic discrimination to continue their studies at CAU Campus Kyrdemkulai so that there will be no interruption in their studies.
Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government is taking seriously the peace talks and wants to reach the goal. The HNLC has already expressed its commitment to the issue.
This is through the FOCUS scheme which is a special program implemented by the government to farmers.
This method is shorter and more suitable for telling stories and is a self-contained method.
“If that report will cause grief to forcibly cut off the land of the people in the state, we cannot accept it,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bindo M Lanong said he did not expect to get 135 votes, as he has been working in the constituency for more than a year. From the largest to the smallest villages of the constituency, he has entered and left.
The roster is very convoluted but easy to understand.
Also present on the occasion were Roykupar Synrem General Secretary, Rhembor G.Saibon, Vice President of HYC, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Vice President of HYC. The meeting was attended by CORP President Bandari Ryntathiang, leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Border Dispute and The leaders of the Raids and Himas who have been affected by this boundary settlement.
It is worth mentioning that it was during the election campaign in Sohiong that Prestone Tynsong, uttered words to put other parties in the bus.
Later, she invited Kuldhara to go to Australia and he asked for T.30,000 and fled to Melbourne and stayed there for three months. life is like a paradise, he said; However, Marina forced him to marry her and stay in Australia.
Donald Steven Wahlang, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA), has been elected as one of the seven Vice Presidents of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (BAA).
Four ANVC leaders led by General Secretary Wanding R Marak attended the meeting.
He said that at this time there are new formats and it will be explained not only to the government employees but also to all the residents so that they can know clearly. The requirements of this format have been approved by the Election Commission of India (ECI).
CONSTITUENCY NAME CANDIDATESiju – Albinush R MarakSilkigre – Sengbath R MarakRongrikkimgre – Wenison Ch MarakGasuapara – Sengchim N SangmaTura – Semford B SangmaDengnakpara – Sanjip T SangmaNogorpara – Linekar K SangrekRsam MarakZikNachpara – Jengjal – Grahambell A SangmaRongrong – Sukharam K SangmaDamas – Dolly K SangmaSamandagre – Brilliant R SangmaDarugre – Henen R SangmaWilliamnagar – Denang T Sangma.
When asked whether he attended the UDP meeting in Pynursla yesterday before announcing his name, he said, “Yes, I didn't attend the meeting. “I went to the house of Dr. Donkupar Roy in the evening,” he said.
She said that the death toll every day is due to the fact that the treatment is no longer working for the virus in the second wave and perhaps it is a new strain of the virus and the department should find other medicines that can heal people.
The final match between the two teams will be played on the 3rd November 2022 at 1 pm at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Therefore, it is necessary for the residents to register their Aadhaar names so as not to lose the benefits of government schemes, said the SDO. – Jaralood 12-05-2021 – Amtasam 13-05-2021 – Mawlong 17-05-2021 – Interior 18-05-202 – Exterior 19-05-202 – Rim Repair Repair Model 20-1 –05 Amtapoh -2021 – Mediation/Advocacy.
But after a while, they released these men.
However, there are new Khasi words which have been used in these parts of the new era and which are not appropriate to the requirements, such as emblem, insignia, prohibition, warning. , prison, along-dungeon, plummet, ser-kilogram (approximately), planing, column, tweezers, needle, and others. after.
While the troops cannot be evacuated from these areas, the Defense Ministry will hand over all the free areas to the state government or Meghalaya for the sake of peace and order. of the people of Hynniewtrep.
“If you don't hire foreigners to work, we will shut down this company,” said Richard Mawkhiew.
Muniyappa, who has been leading from Kolar constituency since 1991, has been elected to the Lok Sabha, while Ramesh Kumar has opposed the ticket again.
Prophets criticize and fight against corruption and injustice in government and society.
Henris Kharpomtiah scored for Tyrchang in the 73rd minute and Hinderson Shylla in the 79th minute.
Aryan Bora scored (1/76).
"Deisy said, 'Well, I'll come..." Riia said.
In a petition submitted to the Minister, the CSWO said that illegal violence against women has increased in the state, besides corruption in various government departments including corruption. but it has not come to anything because the government minister is involved and the police are hiding the truth.
At the same time, he said that if the minister remains silent, soon the teachers will meet with the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Other shops such as hardware shops, mobile shops, clothing shops, car repair shops and others have been allowed to open on Tuesdays and Fridays of the month, with the permission of the Rangbah Shnong and BDO. The District Magistrate has warned the public not to leave the streets without work and vehicles should have car passes and anyone who violates will be punished according to the rules of law.
The house was built in Weiloi Village through the TULBA Sawsymper Unit, TULBA Central Body in collaboration with other units and was completed in a short period of time.
Drug abuse destroys not only the user but also the society.
The residents of Ri Bhoi District from Friday afternoon to Saturday have been forced to live in darkness without electricity. MeECL is still searching for the affected areas and to repair those damaged by the storm.
For this purpose, the Price Stabilization Fund has been launched.
The land tenure system in which most of the land is held by the kurs and also the mining of land has divided the people between the poor and the rich. Because they don't have confidence in the future, they buy land from the farmers and the farmers have become landless.
He said that this shows that the farmers and Self Help Groups can stand on their own feet, not only the financial assistance from the Government.
To this, the riewsaid replied, “I will look at it”.
The question arises, why does our state have a lot of mynder in all parts of Shillong or even in the rural areas, the main reason is that most of us as young people have the desire to work. that you small you rïa.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah BD Mawphniang, Rangbah Shnong Umsawnongbri, Rev BR Pamshong, officials from PWD and PHE departments and others. others.
We can find this passage at Genesis 11:1-9
He was taken to Kota after receiving treatment in the area.
“Mahamata Gandhi wanted to eradicate racial discrimination and if we want to eradicate poverty, we need to have equal access to income and we must give everyone the opportunity to “When a bank account is opened, it is the beginning of economic development,” he said.
Meanwhile, the state government is still busy preparing the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the construction of the MC Medical College in Tura.
The opening ceremony was followed by a meeting led by Dr HH Mohrmen and Niwanka Shylla from the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai.
These changes in the environment are also due to the excessive rebellion of mankind.
Nadia Ferreira (22) of Paraguay came second and Lalela Mswane (24) of South Africa came third.
Shillong, Lber 03 : U NPP candidate from Sohiong Constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang on Monday admitted that the vote of condolence will not work for the UDP in the upcoming elections on the 10th of June. UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh has suddenly died a few days before the polling.
The MDC urged the SP of EJHD to immediately investigate the perpetrator of this false news and urged them to punish according to the law and not to allow such people to sell their property. the village, the township and the district of the state as a whole.
Fix the case for hearing on 7th November, 2023,” said the bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee in the order.
Raymon Phawa opened the scoring for Cham Cham SC in the 16th minute while Salai Rymbai scored the first goal for Tubershohshrieh in the 39th minute.
Paswan said his party will be part of the BJP-led NDA in the 2025 Assembly elections in Bihar as well.
Speaking to reporters, Gabriel Wahlang said the main purpose of the meeting was to prepare for the mid-term MDC elections and also to strengthen the party. you don't have to work.
Shillong: Police have arrested Andrew Joanes Nongkhlaw, 28, Richard Derrick Marniang, 23, Pillerstone, Shillong, on Tuesday. Warjri, 22, Donald Kharnaior, 30, and Shembat Mawlieh,
We know and understand that we are Indians because of the guns of the Government of India, not by the free will of us the Hynniewtreo people.
The name of the rupang when Christians go to church every day to prepare for the birthday of Jesus you are blind or how every evening they go to church novena Christmas.
One Country, One JourneyThe Yatra is accepted in all regions, and is a means for the delivery of government services and support, reaching even the most remote areas.
Dear brothers and sisters, let us look and think about our own life in this world because this world in which we live is not that eternal city, but temporary and momentary.
To cast Satan out of heaven, we must fight.
“We expect the Government to do what is necessary and we don't want these same people to show that they are more powerful than the Government.
How wonderful it will be to see the Eternity of the Future, that is, those things which the eye of man has not seen, the ears of man have not heard, and will imagine in their hearts.
The confusion has arisen over the writing of Bah Deng Shylla himself, in Mawphor dt.17.12.19 and in other newspapers, which says- “According to the decision of the Supreme Court on the case of the state government and Meghalaya should have implemented the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873 or Inner Line Permit (ILP) from that year and all that remains is the announcement of the Governor of Meghalaya. the date and places of operation.
To see the benefits of the collaboration, 15 Collective Marketing Centers (CMCs) have been set up with more than Rs 4 crore as interest-free loans and more than Rs 3.3 crore as grants to improve the farmland, the provision of equipment and assistance to farmers.
He said that out of the 558 incidents of violence against women in 2019, 568 were in 2020 and 685 in
Samla Wanlambok didn't leave after completing his MSc.
Nongpoh: Four TMC candidates from Ri Bhoi District, including George B Lyngdoh from Umroi, Gilbert Nongrum from Umsning, Long Singh Bey from Nongpoh, Sonmoon Marak from Jirang and Dr Saralin have been elected. Dorphang from Mawhati, yesterday, left to complete their nomination papers for the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
In the first half, Luti Tuber beat Youth Social Welfare Pynthor 1-0
In the second match, Lumparing SC beat Maw-U-Tieng SC 2-0 in Group B.
He said that the Union has tried to bring about development works inside the College and this time the College has received footpaths in parts of the College and the beautification of the grounds of the College. The MLA of Jowai Constituency Bah Wailadmiki Shylla has promised to paint the college.
L-G did not abort or stop the process.
Of these 43 cases, 20 are from Kamrup (M), 8 from Nagaon, 6 from Udalguri, 3 from Cachar, 3 from Majuli, 2 from Sonitpur and 1 from Lakhimpur.
But instead of talking to him, they urged him to go inside.
It is time for all of us to surprise people on this issue, because we are living in these days of the rapid spread of media to spread through social media and affect the nation and the state if the decision that we accept to protect our nation in our opinion is right, but others will try to mislead us against our nation with accusations that we hate others.
“There has never been a time when the Prime Minister or the Government has interfered with the appointment or selection of officers to be sent to the Lokayukta nor has the Prime Minister and his office interfered with any case. the Lokayukta has agreed.
“We don't know anything about this.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today decided to close down the house of C Syiem, Clarin Cottage, Dunn Hill Road, Harisabha, Laban due to the presence of positive cases of Covid-1 and then the house of B Deb, which is located at the house of AM Rynjah, Laban Square.
The meeting was attended by senior officials of the state government.
He said that many of the residents are still living in newly built houses and have not yet received good houses through the PMAY scheme. khaw smile.
JOWAI: Students of ICFAI University Agartala from Meghalaya have decided not to return home as a sign of solidarity with other students from the North East. I returned to the University in peace.
Indeed, we are now seeing the growth of knowledge and technology, the old man is surprised to see the science technology of this heritage which he never saw 70 years ago.
These tournaments are for the students of NEHU and colleges affiliated to the university.
In the world, he was a great supporter of the Hill State struggle in the state.
Shillong: SAI Shillong will hold a selection of men and women athletes between 10-14 years old for shooting, boxing, judo and karate on the 18th and 19th of this month.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Tuesday issued a warning for heavy rains in coastal areas of Tamil Nadu. Puducherry, and Karaikal.
The Candidate may lead only 12 (twelve) of his followers from outside Panaliar Village and only two small vehicles shall be allowed to enter the Village.
It was in this place that Maheh appeared to Bah Lait.
Of the 23 lakh people, 1628,986 are Christians, 267,245 are indigenous, 307,822 are Hindus, 99,169 are Muslims, 4,703 are Buddhists, 3,110 are Sikhs, 772 are Jains and 7,015 are of no religion.
And where even the test equipment is wrong to produce the result.
His mobile phone and that of his wife were seized and data was taken from two tablets and two laptops inside his house.
Golden is the Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee and the Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee.
Besides him, Ram Gurung also scored a century in the first class match.
The first match of the EJ-Super League 2019 was witnessed between Thangskai Tiger SC and Khliehriat West YWSC, with the result 1-0
After about six months, the headache, fever, weakness, and chills began.
Urging the JSU members, Ma Rymbai said that before doing anything, think carefully and take the issue with wisdom.
He said that more than 20 households out of 70 households living in the government land live by raising cattle.
Shillong, July 07: The State Government has decided to implement the Meghalaya Public Servants Rules 2016 to ensure that all employees should be able to provide the announcement of their income.
After the ceremony, a cake prepared by the UDP Nongtalang Circle was cut.
Speech was also delivered by the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah John F Kharshiing, who thanked the State Government for its assistance and support. I would like to express my gratitude to the Government, which has come forward to start providing scholarships to the children. sports and cash prizes to those who win medals in regional, national and international sporting events.
But the truth is that Herod wanted to kill Jesus, because he was afraid of losing his kingship over Israel.
He said that the issue of drugs is not only here but it has affected the whole world.
He said that many schemes from the central government for special states have been allocated for the people; For example, the T.100 crore scheme means 90 percent from the Central Government and 10 percent from the State.
Therefore, through this programme, it is urged that through these children they should be an example to all the residents and also to the people to take an example to bring about change in the community and the nation as a whole. cleanliness brings health in all respects.
The house of L Wann (second floor), Streamlet Road, Laban has been lifted from today and the house of L Wann (second floor), Streamlet Road, Laban has been lifted from today. Nirmal Ghosh's house in Rilbong, since yesterday, while the house of Shipra Paul in Rilbong, continues to fall under the curfew.
The Hima, Raid and Village Councils around the country should assist and cooperate with the District Councils to ensure that they do not allow those traders to enter the markets and villages. The Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Council has no license to vote.
There are people who misunderstand that I will vote for the candidates who can help and who can give money during the election day and the candidate who can do so is only the rich candidate If this happens, we will have leaders who do not have the will to serve and develop the villages, and they will be the spectators when other leaders take part in the development. We as the people should elect people who are wise, knowledgeable, farsighted and have a spirit of responsibility for the people. to become idols during the election so that we can be saved after we have been bought.
The new PS of RAM also invited anyone who has any problems to call 8787587794 or email at alyngdoh364@gmail.com if they need any assistance.
We also support SHGs which are branches that can empower women economically or socially.
According to her, the same benefits granted by other States of the country to retired Justices and Judges who have less than three months in service will be granted.
In Kadamtala, supporters of the curfew used force to suspend government buses operating on the roads.
The World Soil Day celebration was held at Pahamsohthri, Nongpoh on 5th November 2023, under the leadership of Kong Marian Maring as President, PS Toor, Vice President together with other leaders of the group and farmers from all over the Nongpoh area.
“The Garo people also need to understand this and they too need their own land and houses. We don't want the Achiks and Hynniewtreps to become other Kuki or Kuki people. Rohingya are neither landless nor stateless but they are a stateless population and have to flee. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Saiñkupar.
We are disappointed to expect the unity of the regional political parties of the people of Hynniewtrep because so far many attempts have been made but nothing has happened.
Therefore, the term 'corruption' refers to any destruction whether it is theft of money or the violation of the rights of others.
Shillong, November 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to strongly oppose the use of EVMs by the Election Commission of India (ECI) in the upcoming elections. ballot paper as before.
Now they are very few.
The current budget is expected to be stable as the Indian government wants to win the love of the people ahead of the elections.
“I apologize if I have offended anyone, but I want to show that it is a very pleasant workplace and that's all,” Tharoor said.
Of these, 29 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills and 27 cases in East Garo Hills.
The camp was opened with a welcome speech by Kipgen, Chairman of the Kuki Church.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 162 new cases have been confirmed and 991 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The name of the elderly man has not been released by the authorities as they are waiting for the relatives of the man to arrive and explain everything.
Nongpoh, Nailar 05: The Meghalaya government's plan to implement the railway line and at the same time the land survey has been going smoothly. However, the land brokers who go to the villagers who don't know anything, just to take advantage of the land to give back to the government at a high price.
The manner of starting and conducting the dorbar is as follows: As soon as all the chiefs and elders have arrived, the syiem shall be the chairman of the dorbar and shall open the dorbar.
Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court, Biswanath Somadar was the special guest in the presence of Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Garo LSN Dykes, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Bikram D Marak and others are the heads of the District.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Forum, Rev. (Dr.) Edwin H.Kharkongor said that all ethnic groups and traditional religions have their own views to accept and act in relation to marriage, release of five bones, inheritance, etc., while some communities have their own differences.
Franky Laloo, Executive Engineer, MSPCB, Shillong was also honoured.
Mawryngkneng: The residents of Mawryngkneng village want MeECL to complete the construction of the 33.11 Kilowatt Power Sub Station which started in 2017 and has been suspended. to this day it has not been completed.
Shillong, Lber: The Bazaar Bus Drivers Association (BASA) has issued a statement saying that the Bazaar Bus Drivers Association (BASA) has issued a statement saying that Use buses through vehicles under the jurisdiction of KHBBA, Mawlonghat, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Mawsynram, Balat, Lawbah, Pongkung, Mairang and Smit Area which are the only bus bazaars. They will suspend their activities on the 1st June 2023 (Saturday) due to the annual General Meeting at Madan Mawphlang (Lawkyntang) and the visitors are requested to join hands with the organization for this. sun.
Then count how much money you earn from this coal mining.
Revolve: the revolve is the round round.
Bah Khongwir, who served as MLA of Mawlai for 25 years until his retirement in 1998, is also a prominent politician not only in his own constituency but also in the country. the whole state.
She is proud to have the opportunity to take part in the biggest competition in Turkey, and gives her first praise to God whom she trusts in her journey.
“On the other hand, Manju Kapur, a book critic, called Janice “the most prominent writer.
Shillong, March 15: The Sein Manbei Nongkyrih Village Unit (WVV) has strongly condemned the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkyrih Village District for violating the right of the people to participate in the elections. The General Meeting was held on the 13th of this month at the Nongkynrih Club.
It is better that the Meghalaya government should appoint more policemen by allowing the unemployed young men and women.
The UDP has decided to contest for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Assemblies.
Drivers from other states are also not allowed to enter Moopyllaitsyiar.
Worldwide, there are 30 million people infected with the virus, according to the Johns Hopkins University, of whom 29,136,553 have been confirmed.
Regarding the arrest of those involved in the rape of Bah Lurshai, Bah Donald said that until today the party has not received any information regarding the arrest of these people but it has been learned that they There are 8 suspects involved in the incident and the 8 arrested persons have also been released.
This is because according to the census, the number of medical facilities has not been set according to the survey as required by the CM.
On the other hand, S.Shadap said that although there are many problems, especially in the lack of roads, health centres, mobile network, electricity and others, the development has not been completed. I will not leave these people.
Violet is the sister of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh.
At this meeting, the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) informed about the measures taken to assist the people who have suffered from the damage to their homes. and also how efforts have been made to rescue those who have been trapped in the floods by evacuating them to safer places.
On the 24th March, 2023, the Unitarian Church and the School Managing Committee of Annie Margaret Barr HS School will hold a closing ceremony to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of her death at the school grounds.
This policy will aim to promote the reputation of Meghalaya in terms of natural resources, people and other resources to attract tourists from all over the country so that it will be an opportunity for the youth of Meghalaya to get you get jam.
Under the Piggery Mission, the funds allocated to 100 co-operative societies amounted to T.18.53 crore.
It seems this is the 3rd accident in this area in the last 2 weeks.
He said that if many people do not understand the origin of the environmental celebration and tree planting, the efforts of all groups to protect the environment from government authorities, schools and NGOs will be in vain.
He also set the record by reaching 90 metres.
Another deceased was identified as Rijied Kumpat, 75, resident of Khliehriat.
He also assured that the involvement of Gang in the tourism department of the state will strengthen the development of all activities in all sectors of tourism in the state.
Jennyfer Joan Kylla has worked for the public in many fields, including the former Headmistress of Nehru Memorial Secondary School Umsning, the former President of the Umsning Women's Association, the former member of the Umsning Women's Association. She is also the retired Headmistress of Eden Academy Secondary School and President of the Women's Organization of Ribhoi District.
Replying to a question by Bah Titos whether the EC has decided to continue to provide assistance to two schools in each constituency, Bah Carnes said that this will be decided together in the the Executive Committee.
The State Food Testing Laboratory, Meghalaya, has become the first research and testing laboratory in the North East through the FSSAI to be recognized and to be able to use the FSSAI. NABL stamp or seal for more information on Biological Testing.
All those who have responsibility for the Myntdu River are encouraged to join as members and join hands with this group.
Vehicles used for the movement of the people are an important part of everyday life for the development of society which enables people to reach places education, employment, non-employment relationships that lead to participation in society.
Bindo said he cannot imagine that the party he founded would treat him badly although he has been with the UDP since 1997 but this time he has been rejected by the party leaders. just joined soon.
However, no information has been received about Qin's disappearance from public affairs but this will depend only on China's leadership and there has been no interference from the US.
Five people have been killed in floods in northwestern Turkey near Bulgaria, with aid agencies recovering three more bodies on Tuesday and many more. Three wooden houses and wooden houses were also taken away and destroyed.
Most of the staff have families and need light for cooking. 2. Charging mobile phones is also not available.
Shillong: The second semi final between Mookbu SC and Kyortyrkhang SC at the Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium was a thrilling one as both the teams were strong and strong.
With the advent of smartphones, it has also changed the life of mankind in all aspects. The availability of smartphones has made it easier and faster to do things especially in times of emergency. ) and in today's technology it has also helped even the young students who are studying and this has been a real benefit to all those who use it.
He said that on the 8th of July 2018 there will be an Executive Committee and they will discuss this issue and the party has suggested to him to convene a special meeting. if i needed he could do that too.
Guwahati: The Assam government on Tuesday launched the entry and exit of vehicles from Assam to Meghalaya.
MPUF East Jaintia President Kyrshan Blah, General Secretary-CB Aimom Syad and other members were also present at the meeting.
“I have already written to the Government of India and it is now up to the Central Government to take the necessary action,” he said in response to the court's order to bring in the CAPFs. The Full Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, the Court has ordered the Ministry of Home Affairs through the Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs to ensure the sending of up to 10 personnel of the Central Armed Police Force to work independently. or together with officers from the State Police Department to be appointed by the Court to investigate the illegal trade in coal in the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Boro said the Election Commission of India has taken this initiative to avoid any errors in the Electoral Roll and to ensure a clean and free polling. .
Give the name of our group to the media and we will not stop doing our work.” This mail has been sent to all the courts of India.
Take your payment 3 bag.
The future of the youth also depends on their desire to fight and do their best.
Scientist of the Institute of Natural Resources (INR) Meghalaya, Gunanka D.
Also present at the meeting were Tapir Gao, Kiren Rijiju and Bijoya Chakraborty, Vice President of the party.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle has announced that it will honor the students of Kur Dkhar who have passed well in their examinations on the 17th December 2022 at Wapung Shnong East Jaintia Hills District. .
He said Bilat produces about 17 to 20 liters of milk per day, Kros produces 14 to 16 liters per day, while Jersey produces 8 to 14 liters per day.
Meghalaya is no longer a state that is growing rapidly only in football, but as the days go by, it is witnessing that the youth of the state have come out to take part in other sports. Pynshngain Kurbah from Meghalaya, who is also an athlete from Meghalaya, who took part in the Khelo India Youth Games held at Sahastradhara River in Maheshwar, Madhya Pradesh, On the 5th and 6th of this month he won the Silver medal in the king boat race.
“He said the introduction of NCERT textbooks will be from Class-I to Class-X and this will start from next academic year.
Speaking on how to know the ability of the elderly to do any work, Dr. Lartang suggested that if you can still do it, you should go straight but if the body does not allow. should be avoided so that it does not cause any problems.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today evening witnessed the Christmas market of the people of Meghalaya.
The Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah EK Lapang, in the presence of the President of the Longkmie Association, Kong BM Lyngdoh, the President of the Youth Association of Saiden, Samla Habamut Lyngdoh and other elders from Saiden.
Shillong: Seven villages near Amlarem have been declared containment zones after three persons tested positive for covid-19, said Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of Amlarem. the people who are the merchants in Amlarem.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang, 08: The Umjaraiñ Youth Association in collaboration with the Union of Youth Associations of South West Khasi Hills District, on 07/05/2022 held an awareness program-cum-cleaning drive. The meeting was conducted by the President of Umjaraiñ Youth Association, Samla K.Lyngdoh.
“The Government of India has been discriminating against the North East by forcibly making it an Indian by using the sword since independence
Due to global warming.
Speaking to reporters, some of the vendors and shopkeepers in these areas expressed their regret and said that the lack of commercial vehicles has affected their business. and the villagers did not come.
“Unfortunately for the Dorbar Shnongs, instead of applying for NoC from the Dorbar Shnongs, they have sent a letter from two persons responsible to confirm the identity of the applicant and those who can verify this. “It is said that he is an MDC or Syiem or Rangbah Shnong, Wahadar, Lyngdoh and this has violated the law and it has been suggested to be appointed by the Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Sanbor.
In another match, Senegal drew 2-2 with Japan.
The union said that if possible, it would be better to bring and appoint doctors who can speak and understand to talk to the farmers, so that it will be easier for them if they need anything. time and if they provide public explanations, it will be easier for the public to understand.
Members of the Sur of Mawlai, have suddenly turned up to demand the suspension of the police chiefs involved in the killing of the former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). ), Mr. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, on the morning of 13th November 2021 at his residence in Mawlai.
Bah RM Shabong The incident in Umwali village, Langpih area, has brought back to light the terrible act of tympan by Assam against the villagers of that area. They have confiscated the land of the villagers without permission and not only that, but it has been seen that the Assam police have threatened even women and children.
It is learned that the intention to turn the PDF into a political party has been successful and many have already become its members.
Shillong, July 22: The seven-day budget session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start tomorrow.
The Chief Minister said that yesterday, he met and discussed with Dr M Chuba Ao, National Vice President, BJP, where they discussed many issues. Ao assured that they will work together until the end of the term.
Many of the laws of the Government of India are not in line with the uniqueness of our Hynniewtrep people especially in the field of land tenure, mineral resources, forestry, customs and traditions and others.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, on Tuesday personally inspected the start of the maintenance work. The inspection by Bah Banteidor was part of the monitoring of the work, which the government has set a target for. needs to be completed by April this year.
“This has left the village authorities in the state in darkness and one of the village office bearers has been arrested,” said the UDP youth.
In the wilderness Jesus alone struggled and sought the meaning of righteousness, justice, justice and truth.
Along with Bah Jambor, Bah Titosster Well Chyne, EM Land Department, Syiem of Sohra Hima led by Bah Freeman Syiem and Ministers were also present.
Therefore, the Jirang MLA urged the people to be vigilant against the public, but to obey the directives of the state government and the district authorities. the village leaders to take action to ensure the entry and exit of foreigners.
Dr Lamar said that few of them were involved, only to please their husbands and did not take responsibility for the household and did not have the responsibility as fathers.
The Sengbhalang has taken this opportunity to hold a night curfew after the government did not believe in the demand for ILP, even after calling for a 12 hour curfew.
Bernie Ecclestone, one of the world's richest men, has turned 90 and gave birth to a son on Tuesday.
East Jaintia Hills Police have registered a case against the four persons and the investigation is ongoing.
“I come with mothers and children.
New Delhi: After the Baby League in Meghalaya, the YFC and Punjab FA have taken the initiative to hold the Baby League in Rurka. near Jalandhar, Punjab which started on 25th November,
He said that even the government has not accepted many of the rules that the HPC has put before the government to implement before the transfer of these 342 persons from Them-metor to another. four places are not provided by the government.
The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) is a department of the Central Government which conducts recruitment examinations every year to fill the vacancies in Group B and GroupC in various departments of the Central Government.
Nongpoh, Lber 18 : The Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Ri-Bhoi State Presbytery has prepared to host and hold the XXV Ri-Bhoi Synod Service, at the same time to celebrate the 25th Silver Jubilee of the country. -Bhoi Synod which started on the 15th of this month at the Presbyterian Church Nongpoh and ended on the 19th at NSCA Pahamsyiem Ground.
The golf course falls under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Golf Club and has awarded a contract to the agency to guard the course.
It is time to convey to the Village Authorities and the Government that the time has come to work together to preserve the environment.
Those children, youth and adults selected in this trial will have the opportunity to take part in the State Championship which will be held in Shillong from 18th to 20th June
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Pardonwell Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang, said that many houses of the residents have been damaged by the storm and cold.
The purpose of this program is to bring together people with special needs by holding a meeting to encourage them that despite their physical disabilities, they should not lose hope because they have There is also the ability to do many of these great works such as singing, dancing and other works as well as others who are physically fit.
We see clearly that our Khasi men have become too jealous of women and thus they don't care about each other anymore and they start behaving badly.
“We are still preparing the names of the campaign stars......and anyway they will reach 40 candidates, 20 from Meghalaya and 20 from outside Meghalaya,” he said. manifesto on the 9th or 10th of this month.
“Not only that, Roben warned that if the police continue to arrest and arrest the members of the party, the party will have to consider taking another step.
If what I do is not sin, it is not blood; if it is not blood, I am not guilty.
Shillong, Naitung 31 : Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today gave evidence at Lumdiengjri Police Station on the complaint lodged against the LRO last month. the KSU and tried to create religious differences.
The snowfall from Wah Umngot during the rainy season has attracted more and more people from all over the country to come to Nongjrong who have arrived in Nongjrong since early morning. already in this town.
After arriving at the hospital, she was tested positive for the CBNAAT test.
“It is pleasing to hear that computer training will be provided to the children besides the smart classes,” she said.
I have never eaten meat, yet; but if I want to eat, I will.
The United States has said that it does not want to get involved in the conflict and differences between India and Canada and will do its utmost to avoid this issue which could seriously affect the situation. between these countries and also so that relations between India and the United States will not be disrupted and will run smoothly as usual.
If other communities can, why can’t others.
“We have five people in the house and I have to sell it, to save the others who are still with me,” he said.
The Minister said that like Meghalaya which has many varieties of soh which grow in different seasons as well as jhur, the farmers do not earn much from these crops and many of them have rotted and disappeared. Hey.
The Bill is intended to be implemented to identify the land owner and the tenant and thus to maintain peace and order in the state.
Participants must register at the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong located at JN Sports Complex Polo, Shillong from 5th to 14th August, 2019 only during working hours.
A 21-year-old girl has lost her life after drowning in the Umtru River near the Panitola Power House in Byrnihat area. Bhoi District on Sunday.
Therefore, Bah Lapang urged the people to give their full support in this election, so that these are the plans I have for the purpose of providing better service not only to the Nongpoh Constituency. , but the District as a whole will come to fruition.
It is this soil-shyiap that has been buried in the manner mentioned above.
Mairang: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, while speaking at the 183rd death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, Mairang, on Tuesday said that the KHADC will issue an order. In these days, all the Hima should hold the Dorbar Hima at least twice a year so that the affairs of the Hima will be clear and if any Hima does not comply, he said, they will have to ask for an account.
The reason is that there are still only a few dewbilat factories.
The Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act (FCRA) was rejected by the Ministry of Home Affairs on November 25, 2021, because the group , has failed to meet the requirements laid down by the Government of India and has received contradictory information on the activities of the group.
KI UNIT :- The most interesting and exciting and true story is about the NIANGROP and Thawla which the Tyngnger people know (a) KA NIANGROP – This is one of the most exciting festivals for children. in the evening that is, only in one of the four (4) seasons – as it says in the song – THESE SEASONS ARE NEAR. Like Deng ksiar and Soh Pilaw.
Therefore, the Sengbhalang is protesting against this and we must give our full support to this so that it can protect the uniqueness of our jaidbynriew.
Police suspect that the IED was carried out by the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) under the leadership of Area Commander Karak alias Hedio Marak.
According to a statement issued by the President of YJO, Bah Banker Lymba, the YJO has requested the government not to allow or just look at the eyes but to do something with the to use the law.
He said that in the past few days he has distributed jerseys and donated money to 8 clubs and now to these two clubs.
Even the Hon'ble High Court has recently ordered the state government to improve the NH:6 and after the repair, the deterioration of the road has started again. .
According to the complaint letter sent to the DC, the two youths, said that they suspect that even the NOC has been issued by the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla and Umroi Nongrah, to turn the place into a venue. Klinker, it may have been done illegally by someone, because there was no meeting of the Dorbar Shnong or Public Hearing for the consent of the people of these villages.
If your government tortures and tortures the six aides of Amritpal who have been imprisoned in Dibrugarh jail you will be responsible,” Pannu added.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Ryntathiang, President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills, said that the competition was attended by young men and women of the Seng Khasi Eastern West Khasi Hills. .
Speaking to reporters, the drivers of DSC 2012 East Khasi Hills said that after the government has not recruited them even though they have passed the DSC examination in only They said that through RTI they have received information that there are many vacant posts. The Deputy Commissioner (DC) said that there is no job anymore, in their meeting with him.
The Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlat Area (SRSMA) has congratulated the MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for taking care of this problem of the people by immediately sending Government departments to inspect them. The damage caused to this village by the natural forces.
At the same time, he said that the UDP leaders, if they see that the evil is too bad, they should not wait for it to get worse.
He added that the MDCs who sit in this Council are like dead trees, as soon as the wind blows they will fall and collapse.
For example, the development of Assam is very high if the Congress or the BJP are in power. While in Meghalaya, if the ethnic parties or the foreign parties are in power, there is no development.
Regarding the Residential School and Teacher's Training Centre, which are located in East Jaintia Hills, he promised to take action and will call the Minister of State, Kyrmen Shylla to discuss these issues. .
The 30-bed hospital will be constructed at a cost of Rs 10 crore on a 5 acre plot donated by Mookyndur Village.
After this, Meghalaya played hard and managed to score only 211 runs before losing all wickets in 48.1 overs.
From the bottom of this river, if you walk, you have to climb a high hill to reach the top of the hill, and when you reach the top of the hill, you can see the river and the farmland. .
So far, the VAB of KHADC has been suspended especially after the power struggle between the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Those who don't have friends anymore have to help each other when the world is like this. When it's not a long day, they don't have to fill their houses. who built the house.
She said that through the festival many tourists will learn more about the area and especially about the jri bridges which are famous all over the world.
Many of them speak only because of their own constituency.
In the first leg, Saiñdur Mihmyntdu beat Chutwakhu 1-0 with Rowan Phawa scoring the first goal in the 46th minute.
The e-Shram Portal is a portal launched by the Ministry of Labor & Employment, Government of India on 26th August 2021 to register all the workers of the country on the portal, including ASHA, Anganwadi, MGNREGA, Mystery workers, those who live in people's homes, farmers, those who work for themselves, those who sell land, those who sell shops, those who sell.
Shillong, Jymmang, 01: BSF troops on duty at the border have arrested two liquor dealers and seized 356 billion liquor intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Ma LS Khonglah, Advocate spoke on the Rights of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act,
He added that the power of money should be fought against and suggested to have constituency clinics.
On the other hand, these market dwellers and market vendors have requested the government to reopen the market immediately so that they can get back their income as usual.
Legal experts said the bill is against Article 14 of the Constitution of India as it discriminates against Muslims.
The road has been constructed under the DMF scheme for the year 2023-2
Please include CBSE in 9 &
The prefix 'ba' which adds a verb and a noun to turn it into an adjective: for example, good, happy, stem, strong and so on etc.
He urged the teachers of this school to work harder and provide the best service to build the future of the students in Iapmala.
Shillong, Iaiong 5 : The Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, on Tuesday said that he will immediately inspect any place if he receives complaints that contractors are using old pipes to draw water.
The match was played in the past when Shillong was still in Assam and was played at the present Kirkit or Garrison Stadium.
The lies and attempts of the police to hide the truth have become clear.
However, later the EM of Trade received the report from the KHADC officers and when asked what he will do on the findings of the inspection, he said the KHADC will allow the company to complete the construction. and after it is over a public discussion will be held.
From time to time we have sent a petition to the government to provide for the needs of the college, but until now there has been no development in this college,” said Precioustar Sten president. KNGCSU. The Union said that during the admission period, they are worried because too many students are missing classes and most of those who enter classes at this college are those who enroll only at this college and do not work. There is no need to build classrooms to improve the lives of students.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: The Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (AMU) has decided to temporarily suspend the supply of petrol to Meghalaya due to the current situation and also due to the fear of entering the state. This comes after receiving information that there has been a stone throwing and burning of vehicles coming from Assam and especially those with number plates from Assam.
When asked about his desire to contest the mid-term election, Paliar said that his desire to contest the mid-term election to the KHADC is to serve. to the people of the area through the District Council and especially to bring about a clean and transparent governance within the District Council.
The Minister said that the health department has not yet received the report from the doctors and cannot say anything.
Dr. Kharlukhi said that in 1998 the Congress spirit was strong and now the elections are strong Congress spirit in the state.
Shillong: Members of the Local Taxi Welfare Association (LOWA) led by Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, General Secretary, today met with the Commissioner of Transport, Meghalaya. on the measures to prevent the spread of Corona Virus in Meghalaya.
Wallam Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Laitkyrhong in the 12th and 23rd minutes followed by Mebanrikupar Rynjah in the 43rd minute.
The theme of this 125th anniversary celebration is “To the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ” The Apostle Paul's Letter to the Ephesians 4:1
For my part, I have informed the leaders.
After discussion, the dorbar decided not to accept the transfer to Sohra District as Umniuh-Tmar District after the creation of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, has been transferred to this sub-division.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that he has been expelled and no leader of any party has been allowed to stay overnight in Nongstoin.
“We hope that the third phase of the disease will not hit the state again, but if it does, the department is ready,” he said.
they shall not fall to the ground like a lyngkor, nor shall they fall like a harrow.
Dr. Lyngdoh encouraged all the village leaders to come forward and work together with the health department to fight against this disease so that we can eradicate this disease from the society. .
Dadenggre, Jymmang 23 : The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Friday invited all the leaders of various political parties including the TMC to join the National People's Party (NPP). NPP and to provide strong services to the state.
It is learned that the robbers, immediately after killing the child, went to hide and bury in one of the stone quarries in the Umtyrnga area.
Last month, the Dorbar Shnong had sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to request for security forces from Delhi to deploy security forces at Lapangap village to prevent any attempt by the Karbi to damage the building. that of rep.
Raksrang Sangma, Secretary of FKJGP, said that the teacher said that Tuesday is a holiday and this was declared by the MBOSE. year 2012.
The search was conducted at the offices of Ms SPK, a road construction company in Tamil Nadu.
HEALTH PROTECTIONS :— According to the National Institute, physical health is one of the healthiest habits that can help you live longer for decades. .
The Sport Club has taken this step to donate to the family as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sports Club.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said the cases were from Chennai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U MLA of 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, today held a meeting with Rangbah Shnongs, senior officers of various government departments and led them to visit the schemes already budgeted for implementation.
He said that such incidents have been reported to him regarding smuggling, in which Hek said that the officials in charge of the veterinary department are continuing to cooperate with the Border Security Force ( BSF) and the state police to curb such cattle smuggling.
He said that in these days, when we go up and down, we see that there are some elders who speak only for their own interest, and they are quick to support another party and forget about it. you are your brother's brother.
The verdict was taken at 2.30 pm today and earlier, a verdict was handed down on Tuesday against Lalu along with 44 others. in the prison in Birsa Munda.
A man and a dog have also been arrested, but police have denied that they have been arrested.
If they want man-made beauty they go to Singapore and other places but they come here because of the beauty of nature.
However, at the same time, the Congress leader in the state, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said, “We are ready to contest for the post of Speaker of the House but if the ruling party (Meghalaya Democratic Alliance) MDA) has got the right person, we can even support it”.
Former Chief Minister of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang, who is also from the village, said that there was an Upper Primary School in the village which was established 30 years ago.
Speech was delivered by Senior Vice President Bah Elton C Warjri and the new office bearers were confirmed by Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh General Secretary of the Seng Kmie.
On 17th November 2020, the General Secretary of the Sohryngkham Circle, Bah Dundee C Khongsit in the presence of Bah Bristar Mawthoh, Head of Agriculture Cell, the President of the Circle.
To promote equality between men and women.
Folate deficiency is the most likely to be associated with depressive symptoms and decreased effectiveness of medications on stress reduction.
“All the governments have come and gone, but they have taken this issue as a matter of discussion, but when they give us land elsewhere, they back down. take action or not “he added.
He said that even the Dorbar Shnong of Lumdaitkhla has already given permission for the festival.
Expressing his regret that it has been delayed, the Minister acknowledged that time has passed but he hopes that the State will benefit as it did in the first phase.
Here too, Mukul Sangma, with his 'myrsiang Sadew tricks' and his cunning, has been able to convince them to believe and trust him.
The puja in Jaintia Hills as a whole was smooth and orderly.
“If this news is true, we will think about the MLA post of Jowai, we will think about this, who is outside the constituency,” said Rymbai. He urged the people not to ignore the promise of these Dhar.
The road from Bhogee Chaudary to the bridge near Bilco School, Pynthorbah and all five houses near the road of Shiv Mandir Block-2 of Pynthorbah as containment area.
I promised to return my money on 9th October, 2015 at the MUDA office. If I cannot return it, I can hand it over to the law enforcement authorities.
“You cannot expect that the problems that have arisen in the past 50 years will be solved in a short period of time.
The CSIR Test is for Science students because it has never been in our state and it needs to come,” she said.
The group of students was welcomed by two SHGs in the area, Shaphrang SHG which is a men's group and Kiewshaphrang which is a women's group. Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Kong Phidalia Toi, on Tuesday said that there will be no contest for the removal of her from the post. leave work.
“We will take the necessary measures according to the directives of the government,” said Goyal, who is also the chairman of the DSC. The Government has not extended the appointment period for 10 days.
Shillong Lajong Football Club beat East Bengal Football Club Reserve 5-0 in the first leg of the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-23 at MFA Turf, Polo Ground Shillong.
The residents have complained to the union that they are suffering especially expressing their regret that since one of the Lab Technicians has been dismissed and they are facing a lot of problems because this Lab Technician is ready to help them. patients of this area whenever help is needed.
of Meghalaya, Transport Department on the ban on the movement of commercial vehicles from one State to another and also from one District to another; The District Magistrate, Jowai has issued a Section 144 Cr. on the rules and regulations of commercial vehicles in Jowai.
“Because of the government's insistence, we left the meeting immediately,” said Bah Joe.
On the other hand, Moslander Marngar said, “Now is the time to think and we should not feel that my children are enough. teach others.
Earlier, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Governor of Jammu and Kashmir Satya Pal Malik and Lt Gen Ranbir Singh, Chief of Army Staff of the Northern Command, paid tribute to the deceased. CRP policemen, who lost their lives in the bomb blast in Pulwana.
KSU Nartiang Circle has decided to award only those students who pass 60% or above.
“Yes, I'm just coming,” said Peter. He got out of the car and went straight to his room.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The Indian Institute of Public Health Shillong (IIPHS) has urged the Education Department of the State Government to cancel the order issued on 7th November, directing the Institute to to immediately suspend admission for the Post Graduate Program in the Masters of Public Health (MPH) in collaboration with Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU).
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah was accompanied by Commissioner and Secretary PWD (Roads & Building) SMA Razi, Ranikor MLA Pius Marweiñ, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District Bah Tableland Lyngwa, Chief Engineer, PWD. (Roads) Bah KK Mawa, Superintending Engineer PWD (Roads) Western Circle Bah JNS Lakiang, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Ranikor Division Bah KC Nongrum and employees of NHIDCL. The ECI of India (ECI) has decided to postpone the polling day from the 3rd to the 4th of this month. You are God.
In His time, He brought about a politics of unprecedented change, a politics of peace, purity of mind, mutual love and forgiveness, mutual help, mercy to others, generosity. and so on as he taught in the Bible.
UHM, Convener.
Conrad said he has not yet received any information that the Assam government has built a new Best House at Mukroh but he will soon send a message to the Chief Minister of Assam to ensure that the government should not build any new Best House. species within the border of Meghalaya.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning that heavy rains will increase in the coming days and people should be vigilant.
Nongpoh: Dr. Hosterson Kylla, son of Bah GS Warjri and Kong K. Kylla of Umsning Proper-B village in Ri-Bhoi District. He received the opportunity to undergo training for one year at Lancaster University in England.
Speaking to the faithful at St Peter's Square today, the Pope said, “Let them be silent.
“We as the party and as the residents of the North East strongly oppose the Cabinet's decision today,” said NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa.
He said that he congratulates the government for approving the survey for the construction of the road from Sawmer to Lawsohtun, as well as the road from Mawkhan to Mawsing. so that it will be of benefit to the people of Mylliem and the people of slonsar who will use this road.
Ebormi Lhuid scored for Lutituber Ialong in the 37th minute and Ram Hinge for Nangbah Mooknor in the 57th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his pleasure to witness the celebration of the children besides studying and spending time in the four corners of the classrooms. Besides education, children also need to know the skills they have.
The KHADC and JHADC used to be known as the pillars and strength of the nation, but now they have become a pillar of the nation.
Laitumkhrah is a bustling place every day due to the presence of schools, colleges, Government offices, offices of private companies and others.
Forms can be obtained from the KSU Mawlai Circle Office in Jaïaw and KSU Mawlai Circle Office in Mawlai Nonglum.
The rainfall has reached 18.9 mm, according to the Meteorological Department of the Government of India, based in Upper Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: The UDP Nongstoin Youth has sent a special message of congratulations to the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC Arts Stream.
The total number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 1,007 and 23 people have died in the past 24 hours across the country.
The police station at Khanduli was set up at a time when the border dispute was intensifying and the armed group from Karbi Anglong, Assam demanded money from the Khasi Pnar people. They have remained like those temporary houses and have been forgotten by the previous governments until the present.
Shillong: The Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) has threatened to strike if the state government ignores their demands.
“More than 5,000 people have lost their jobs from employees, shopkeepers, bottling plants,” said the WKHWDWA member.
The Mynsngat MDC said that Namdong was planned to be upgraded to C&RD Block since 2013 but it has not been upgraded yet.
East Khasi Hills Police were assisted by Assam Police from Boko PS. Nur was the last person to meet the girl and the belongings of the girl were found. and he, it is believed, left it at Hajo, after crossing the Saraighat Bridge.
In the first semi final, Demthring beat Dulong 4-2 goals in a tie breaker.
When young people do any good work, it is an honor to the church, the community and the community in their talents and especially to the children of the household. books which have been a great blessing to our Khasi Jaintia country and an honor to the Church as a whole.
"These are the issues that we have discussed and we have taken a decision and we will be able to bring these issues in the form of an Office Memorandum," he added.
Shillong, November 19: A delegation of the Election Commission (EC) led by Chief Election Commissioner AK Joti and Election Commissioners Om Prakash Rawat and Sunil Arora will arrive in Shillong on Wednesday. 22nd November 2017, in preparation for the 2018 MLA elections.
In fact, this conversion into a Corporation should have been done in 2004-2005, but the officials running MeSEB and the government in the Power Department at that time did not understand how. to do and they faced many difficulties and challenges.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sengkmie has expressed its dissatisfaction with the disrespect of the branches of various banks in Hynniewtrep on the occasion of the 15th June It was organized by the Khasi Seng.
After being elected as CEM of KHADC, Bah Basaiawmoit called for the cooperation and support of all the members of the District Council to achieve the goals of the country and the nation.
Can we as a nation forget the bravery and selflessness of Tirot Singh Syiem, Kïang Nongbah, Mom Bhut and others?
According to information, it was reported that this cleaning was conducted without the permission of the Deputy Commissioner of the district and it is illegal to conduct it.
Let us be wise to explain and communicate with dignity and respect for each other, not to fight peacefully lest there be conflict.
After sitting for a while, I told the Rangbah who had called, that we should hurry back to the village to find the night on the road, another rough road.
Furthermore, he sent a letter of congratulations to Bernard for his recovery from the torture while he is in police custody if there is such a case.
Of these, 19 cases are from Ri Bhoi District, one from East Garo Hills and 17 from West Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, today recovered the body of an elderly man, whom the police suspected to have been killed in other places. to breed in Wah Umngei, which falls under Shakoikuna Village, Ri Bhoi.
I say: My purpose will STAND and I will do all that I Please.
Jowai, Nailar 30: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) and the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. The two organizations have already read the order of the Supreme Court, dated 29th November. 2016 and according to this order, it has not been mentioned or stated that the Dolloi can collect taxes through the national highways. The Dolloi have been collecting all the money from the markets in their area but they should not collect from the trucks. They have already met with the CEM of JHADC on this occasion. 29th July 2016 and on the part of the CEM he said that he and his EC has not authorized the Dolloi to do so.
The film also won the Best Director Award at the Prague Cine Awards and was screened at the Bengaluru International Film Festival and the North East International Film Festival. in Imphal.
“I have met with the KSU leaders and explained the reasons why the government has to conduct this examination at this time.
While in Jaintia Hills, there is no nod.
When Rida left class, she went to the shop to help her mother.
“If the ILP is implemented from 1978, the state will lag behind and be like Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland with no development in education, tourism and only armed men,” they said. letter.
The meeting was conducted by Banteilang Khongsit, President of KYDA. Speech was also delivered by Bah Charles Dohling Rangbah Shnong of Kshaid. to conduct such a program on a topic that is very important especially for the youth in these days.
The Mawryngkneng MLA may apply for ticket from the Congress in the upcoming MLA elections after the candidate Bah Pynehborlang Mukhim who is also the President of Mawryngkneng Block. The Congress Committee (MBCC) has resigned from the party.
Earlier, she threatened to throw stones at Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for repealing Article 370 in Kashmir, but now she has threatened to blow up bombs. , by Rabbi Pirzad.
He said that on that day, there was a discussion between the RBDSA and the leaders of the Sports Clubs, that in the coming years, the RBDSA will allow 7 associations. those within the District, to carry out their own sports activities, whether it is in the organization of leagues within the Association, to participate in recognized sports tournaments. especially in the state, the way to develop the talents of the athletes and others.
While in prison, Tirot Singh was offered to return to the Hima to sit on the throne under the rule of the British Government. It is better to die as a soldier than to live as a slave king”.
Do we think about the future of these children who cannot complete their education? It is said that education is like a stem that supports the functions of our body.
Jowai: Officials of the Taxation Department of JHADC today suddenly came to the Vmart mall at Ladthadlaboh Jowai and closed it down.
How long that light is, the people are now in darkness.
The Planning Commission (now Niti Ayog) Report of 2012 states, “Between 2009-10, the number of poor people in Meghalaya has increased and about 47% of the population lives in poverty. Rural Tribal Poverty in the North East of India.
Samla said that whenever “the country is weak it shows that the village is weak, when the village is weak it shows that the village authorities are weak and when the village authorities are weak, it shows that the youth are weak. "This shows that when the youth are strong, the country is strong.
It is learned that in fact, the small stream, where the child drowned, is not a large and dangerous stream, because the small stream flows only during the half slap.
Mumbai police today decided to remand the husband of Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty for three days for allegedly producing pornographic films. and that you run in several apps.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the CSWO strongly opposes the plan of UCIL to mine uranium in Kylleng-Pyndengsohiong-Mawthabah in West Khasi Hills district. there is a serious threat to human life.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPSCTA) today sent a letter to the State Government as part of its request to end the contract teachers' association. Their demands and the issues they have raised since the beginning of their strike and which continue to this day.
On the other hand, he urged the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhrah and the members of the executive committee to work together in the village and to bring peace and order and also to preserve the customs and traditions. the custom of our ancestors.
Ajir Hossain, 35, is from Tripura.
The result of the PRC Meghalaya category was Skhemlang Suba who finished in 01:08:2 Anil Guram finished second in 01:08:35 and Adhrishya finished third in 01:08:5
Noting that there are differences in every part of India, Bery said, “We as the NITI Aayog are here to serve the States.
The UDP has set up a Sub Committee on KHADC Affairs to look into the report of the House Committee investigating corruption in KHADC from the money collected from the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin. The names of the CEM to Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Bah Antonio War EM were included in the report.
Shillong, November 11: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today said that the Law Department of the State Government has not taken its opinion regarding the working methods of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. “We will write an affidavit to the High Court to show that the PAC also has its own authority to operate,” said Paul Lyngdoh Chairman of the PAC and UDP MLA from Shillong West.
This experience also led Drew to advise many that they should love their lives.
The number of cases in Delhi has risen to 29,943, the government said today.
“The price of this land was approved by the Cabinet on 4th March, when the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs brought the and that it has been accepted and approved by the Department of Revenue.
The Temple in Jerusalem was destroyed on the Temple Mount in 70 AD when Jesus was no longer on earth.
“We have visited the dam to check the condition of the dam, and in the inspection we have seen that the condition of the dam is still good. “They will look into all the areas such as Ultra Sound and others to find out the condition of the bridge,” he said.
Belgium with 1792.53 points are now in fourth place and England with 1792.43 points are in fifth place, followed by the Netherlands. Croatia 7th, Italy 8th, Portugal 9th ​​and Spain 10th, which have also completed the 10th position in the new rankings.
The school authorities have also been directed to set up routines in which children should not carry books to school, according to a report published today in the North East Today.
“The CEM has promised to send personnel from the KHADC Forest Department to visit 4-5 places where the KAAC has set up revenue collection gates,” he said.
“Regarding the Indian Space and Research Organization (ISRO), it has tried its best to meet the demand for services through spacecraft and at the same time, it has taken into account the needs of to focus on research and development of new technologies".
From the day of their youthful love, our children have introduced each other to their parents, of both families.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 19: The Regional Committee on Border Dispute of the Meghalaya Government, headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and the Government of Border Dispute, headed by Atul Bora, has said that Phase I has been completed while Phase II has not yet started.
The MPCC invites the public to attend the public meeting to hear the speeches of Rahul Gandhi, President of the AICC on the principles of his party. Congress candidates from different constituencies.
The Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies has launched a Behavioral Change Campaign to spread awareness and understanding about Voluntary Blood Donation in Ri-Bhoi District. .
After this, all the VPP leaders and supporters sat down on the road opposite the High Court of Meghalaya until 4:30 pm as scheduled for the protest.
So, I didn't have any idea but I just told her that I would try,” said Kong Grace.
The bridge has been implemented under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) for the years 2018-19 and 2019-2
Nongpoh, November 18: The Union of Teachers (AMSSAATA) has requested the leaders of the AMSSASTA Sengkmie to suspend the rally. They have scheduled to hold a rally on the 21st of this year to demand that the government should pay their salaries for many months.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today said that the departments of the State Government have now been able to conduct the recruitment process if they have completed the roster system in the recruitment process since The State Reservation Policy of the State has been implemented.
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, SC Sandhu stressed on the need to take care of the Ngap.
At present, during this year, the enrollment of part-time graduates has reached 104 students and the school accepts them at any time whether it is part-time. “They will get back their education,” said Lakiang.
On the 8th, Sanbor Shullai apologized for his mistake during the speech of Metbah Lyngdoh at the NDA candidate Draupadi Murmu's support rally. happened.
Shillong, March 13: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Friday announced that it will soon conduct a campaign against the spread of drugs in Meghalaya.
On the part of the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng through the Secretary and the Sordar, it also expressed its gratitude and special thanks to all the villagers and those from outside Mawryngkneng who have contributed in all aspects.
However, until now we have not been able to get this city and we are still living in a Hima that plunders the righteous, neglects the poor, destroys the environment and creates the scourge of inequality. .
The fire brigade rushed to the scene and extinguished the blaze.
Nongpoh, Nailur 30: The Christian Endeavors Society of Mawlyngkhung Presbyterian Church on Saturday concluded the football tournament with the final match between Umkei SC and Mawrong SC at the Mawlyngkhung Stadium. Umkei SC beat Mawrong SC 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The election song 'Prah' has become so popular in Jaintia Hills that it has become the talking point of a leader from another political party.
“CMPDI is a department of the Government of India that is well versed in this field.
After Pope Francis transferred Bishop Victor Lyngdoh as Bishop of Jowai Diocese to take over as Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, in in the State of Jowai.
The vehicle (AS 24 C 2977) coming from Silchar caught fire with a coal truck parked nearby and a house.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
This shows that there has been something wrong in the way the District Council has acted until many villages have gone to the High Court to get justice.
To engage with local communities in all aspects by recognizing and respecting their traditional perspective and knowledge.
Up to 36 children between the ages of 6 and 15 years old took part in the training and received certificates in the presence of their parents.
Dkhar recalled that the issues sent by the government to the meeting which was adjourned on the 16th, were to discuss the need to amend the Sixth Schedule and the role of the Chief Executive Members. of Meghalaya.
The school was closed and the students were sent home.
Regarding the nine villages which do not want to be in Meghalaya, Renik said the committee will follow up when they conduct a joint inspection together with the committee from Assam to get information and detailed reason.
Perfect: the perfect meaning is not perfect.
He said that the gym industry has now started to flourish in Ri-Lum Jaintia and many of the youths have taken the time to go to the gyms in Jowai and other parts of the country. East Jaintia Hills as well.
“These leaders we have sent where your MLA one of them has deceived and insulted the jaidbynriew and its members, has deprived the salaries of teachers, deprived scholarships of teachers , he threw tear gas at the teachers, he opened fire, he shot our flesh and blood in the middle of the night in Mawlai and many other crimes and he threatened to kill those who live in Them Ïewmawlong. , to get ILP and include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule and many other promises therefore you should warn this captain of the fraudsters,” he added.
“Therefore, we demand that they should be arrested immediately whether they belong to any group and we also demand that the JNU Administration should immediately withdraw the decision to increase the tuition fees at JNU,” he said. .
The General Council (GC) of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Thursday unanimously approved the Two PDF MLAs and office bearers of the PDF will be welcomed on Saturday evening.
The Court has directed the Government to complete the documents relating to the mining of coal in Meghalaya within six months and the Court will hold another hearing on
However, the lack of connectivity has caused a lot of problems,” he said.
“This statement is unbelievable, because even the cow traders who go to Assam to buy cows, the cow traders buy only cows that have been marked on the body of the cow.
“It is not true, I don't have any intention to contest the election this time because I still need to focus on my family and I will prepare for the 2028 or 2029 elections"
Hamlet Kharjana , the owner of the land , said that he did not lie when he applied for the NOC , as he allegedly wanted to sell to the doctor but he told the sordar that he wanted to sell sha that soldier.
In the presence of the Managing Director of the National Health Mission, Ramkumar IAS, he said that the disease affects at least 26 lakh Indians every year. Narendra Modi has launched a program to eradicate the disease by
However, during the inspection of many shops and offices of the state government, it was found that there is no compliance with the newly introduced salary by the labor department of the state government. and workers continue to receive low wages.
There were nine sports including athletics, shooting, archery, football, badminton, table tennis and powerlifting. three venues of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at the Indira Gandhi Stadium, the Shooting Range in Tughlabad and the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
The Secretary, North East Council (NEC) is a member of the Forum.
“There is always opposition and expression of concern in the coalition government where we always try to resolve it and in the case of Bah Sanbor Shullai, I will take the best decision on this. “It happened at the right time,” he added.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth today convened a meeting for the cleaning and restoration of the Lukha River at his office. The meeting was attended by various departments along with the leaders and office bearers of the Wah Lukha Village Association, except the MSPCB and the Industries Department who did not attend the meeting.
We arrested him and he took us to the hideout of these members which is about 15 meters away from the entrance,” said SP Marak. minutes in three houses where these GNLA members were still hiding.
It is learned that a Dkhar woman almost fell into the Umngot River, because she was driving near the river, but fortunately, she was caught by her friends.
The Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Congress MDC Lamphrang Blah, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the allocation scheme of the Executive Committee (EC) to the MDCs. .52 crore from the central government.
He said that police have taken 17 persons for questioning to get information about the incident.
Between November 1947 and October 1948, when the Khasi States signed the Instrument of Accession, the people of Ri Hynniewtrep were promised the right and freedom to govern themselves as stipulated in the Annexed Agreement. .
On the 29th of this month there will be a special meeting between doctors and the public which will be free of charge and they will learn how to treat diseases of the blood, brain, cancer, kidney diseases and others.
In a statement, the President of the Seng, Ma Enrico D. Pasi, expressed his opposition to the proposal to set up many parking lots in different parts of the State. It is an unfair act and an attempt to take advantage, as there will be nine more vehicle bridges that are planned to be opened.
They wondered among themselves what this old man would do to this woman who had died and was left with only a shyieng and a snep.
Headmaster, K.B.Memorial Secondary School, Wapung.
If they feel that they have been treated unfairly, the Government will have to listen because they have the right to demand that the Government should take action,” he added.
Regarding these suggestions, Sadon said that the CEM has said that he will take the matter to the EC, and if necessary, he can. also to be submitted to the KHADC Dorbar for discussion.
Speaking to Rupang, the Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr.T.Wahlang, said that six persons from Mawsawa village have been admitted to the hospital. mother and 5 of her children (2 females and 3 males).
Thousands of people from different villages of Mawthadraishan Constituency came to listen to the explanation from the party leaders on the principles of the party. on the protest against the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
He said that according to the order issued on the 31st of this month, the repair of parts of the NH-6 in Lumshnong has been completed by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
The fielders played a major role in the knockout match including Lensbirth who scored two wickets through a run out.
Jen understands that many young children are very attracted to social media and this is what advised her to keep her children away from it as much as possible.
In most places the group cooperated with the police departments except in some places where the police did not come.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U HS Shylla Adviser of the UDP Nongkrem Circle on Tuesday congratulated the HSPDP for accepting the proposal of the UDP Nongkrem Constituency on four issues which affect not only the people of Nongkrem Constituency but also the people of Nongkrem Constituency. the whole country.
Shillong: There have been 320 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, bringing the total number of recoveries to
The flooding was caused by the heavy rainfall on Friday at 1 pm which continued until 4 pm.
Special awards were also presented to Stilin Jyrwa, Risuklang Lyngdoh, Kduplang Kharjahrin, Edmon Wahlang and Swonding Mawlong. , Mrs. K. Jahrin and Mrs. Kmoin Wahlang.
We will have a discussion with every citizen of the state, and after this we will reach the final stage and do what is best for the benefit of the people of the state.
Those who attended the ceremony included Chief Executive Member Conrad K Sangma, Chief Executive Member Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Executive Member JHADC Thombor Shiwat, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla. former MLA Shitlang Pale, MDCs, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, Superintendent of Police C Syrti, Doloi of various districts, President On the closing day, the children of Seinraij Ialong from all over the villages as well as Wahiajer and Nongkhyllep villages delivered up to 10 rots at Tre Pyrda. The last sacrifice was performed after the breaking of the bread.
?" said KmieU Panah, who was there, and felt very sorry for Rida.
Even when Jesus plainly told the Jews, “I have not come of myself, but he who sent me is true” (John 7:28).
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games, the biggest sporting event in the state, started today at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
He said that in 2021, the National Disaster Mitigation Fund has been established under the central government with T.16,700 crore and under the SDMF, T.32,000 crore has been allocated for disaster mitigation works. of nature.
Whether by the retired Chief Justice of India who is also an MP or by any retired Judge of the High Courts.
In the Men's Junior XCO Mass Start, Lambormi Phawa came third and won the bronze medal.
Basaiawmoit said she has lodged a complaint with Lumdiengjri PS against these unidentified persons.
In another match, Mawshun beat Lamin 5-4 in the tie-breaker.
Shillong: To raise awareness among the public about the importance of single use plastic packaging, a planting ceremony was held at Umbuda Nongpoh.
“I am concerned whether the Nagaland government has laws to prevent the entry of these foreigners.
“We don't want to be a cause of division but a cause of cooperation for good and the RDA was formed and continues to be with the UDP to be in the MDA government,” said Bah Renikton.
How will your speech affect others or how they will feel about your speech?
He also said that health is essential for work, physical and mental health.
“It's true, I won't come to you again,” said the father.
Amitabh said that earlier he had promised his friends that he would take them to London if his film Zanjeer did well.
Shillong: Police of Lumdiengjri, have arrested yesterday, the chowkidar of Mawkhar Presbyteriah Church, for misusing about Rs.3crores of the church money.
They have started to spread the Hindu religion to us.
Regarding the claims that the VPP is like the BJP in relation to Christians.
“The government's financial shortage, the lack of salaries of government employees like MeECL, the expenditure on development projects in Garo Hills, the government's lack of attention to the Dorbar Shnongs are the issues that plague this government led by the Congress,” said James.
The Minister of State, congratulated the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District and also the people working in the area, for their hard work and which has brought back peace to the people in Ri Bhoi District. the whole state.
When the residents could not do anything, Sangma said they informed the police and the Wildlife Department and a complaint was lodged this afternoon.
In this village there was a family who was facing many problems and sufferings because of poverty although it was a family that had worked hard without rest but in such a case the village saw the problem and the She has done many acts of mercy not only once but this act of mercy continues to this day.
The US State Department has announced that this is a reward for the detection of Hamza bin Laden, even if he is in any country, for the punishment of terrorist acts. his.
In another incident, a woman escaped from the hands of robbers who tried to rape her in Lumkytiar, West Jaintia Hills.
Shaktikanta Das, in a tweet, wrote, “I have tested positive for covid-1
Verma said that at the time of his abduction, the militants were busy talking to their commander, Commander Sahep, and their phone calls were every 10 minutes.
All residents who do not have Smart phones should download the Mobile App “Behavioral Change Management” from the Playstore to receive training on the prevention and control of Covid1
Shri.B.Chesterfield Suja, Madan Laban, Shillong, the 2nd June, 2020Written by Shri.B.Chesterfield Suja.
Transparency in the reporting of financial transactions in the power sector including payment of subsidies and recording of debts of governments to DISCOMs and debts of DISCOMs to others, the timely submission of accounts and audits, compliance with rules and regulations.
Therefore, the union will suspend exports to Bangladesh from 23rd to 26th November 2021 and the market will be opened from 27th to 31st November 2021 and the market will be closed again on 01st and 02nd July New Year and will open on 03rd July
Furthermore, on this occasion, Shangpung artists were also honored and 140 people with special disabilities were distributed jain kymbor.
The KSU has found that since the Rangbah Shnongs were no longer allowed to be the Chairpersons of the VECs, two authorities have emerged in the villages, one Dorbar Shnong and one Dorbar of the VEC. There are two authorities in the villages, so the Rangbah Shnong is regarded only as the village chief.
SGH managed to score 101 runs for the loss of three wickets in 11 overs before the match was suspended.
These tyrpad leaves have different values, some are lower and some are lower.
Tongsoh has been awarded the title of “Actress of the Lyngngam”.
In a statement, the leaders of these organizations said that the problem faced by the people of Mawlai is the non-payment of taxes through the application for permission to build houses, which they have to pay to MUDA. otherwise they will not have electricity or water supply in their homes.
The Chief Executive Members shall cooperate for the benefit of the people before finalizing this section. The trade activities include all types of trade activities, including the contract activities of Contractors in the departments of PWD, PHE or kino-kino, including departments of the State Government and other departments of the Government of India.
Lazio Dkhar and Khrobormi Sutnga scored three goals for Wapung Block.
This cleanliness of the village is expected to attract many tourists from all over the world as witnessed in previous years.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, has personally visited Lawmei Village, Raid Shiliangum-Nongbsap, Mylliem Hima to hand over the Sanad Rangbah Shnong to Bah C Bhaboklang Ryntathiang. Two villages (Lawmei Pyllun and Lawmei Pdengshnong) have come to an agreement to join only one Dorbar Shnong, Lawmei.
We should not be surprised that this MDA Government is indeed the Government of the Coal & Limestone Barons, that is, along with some Business Tycoons.
The Squash World Cup has qualified for the semi-finals after beating South Africa 4-0 in the World Cup. The second and penultimate match of the match between the two teams from Pool B. One day after the national team beat Hong Kong 4-0 at the start of their tour in in the tournament, the national team, which is currently playing at home, has had to lose against South Africa; before another team from the same pool, Japan, will qualify for the semifinals.
Thus the trial continued against the other witnesses, namely against Tngen Muruh, She Muruh and Tne Muruh.
Renikton said the Prime Minister has assured to improve the roads, drinking water and other needs of the Synod.
Isn't that true today? Are not those difficult times now, and know that what is written falls into the present generation, and know that it is a difficult time to arrange to speak because people love ONLY THEMSELVES, the others' mat has been destroyed.
“We don't have time to talk about personal matters.
At present, the Shillong District Jail has 464 prisoners out of a population of
Hooid, the law allows them to protect themselves if someone attacks, but in relation to the incident of Bah Ronning, it does not appear that there was such an attack on the deceased.
He said that the bicycle race is also part of the efforts to raise awareness among the youth in the country to live a healthy lifestyle and at the same time, the youth in the country , that they may know the customs and traditions of other peoples living in other states of the country.
The clash between the NPP and HSPDP supporters came after the NPP had already delivered a speech at an election campaign rally at Riangdo Market.
In another incident, another patient, from Darrang village, who was admitted to PHC Dawki, who went for treatment yesterday and tested positive today, was found to be a positive case. don't have covid; but because she was well, she was released to go home, but she was commanded to stay alone.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “We will discuss this issue in the General Council and after that we will take a decision to join the NPP. that all the party leaders and office bearers should agree on this issue”.
On the other hand, the JAC of EJH strongly condemned the unfounded arrest of the police chief. Suchiang said, “He arrested them just because they were in that place and They have been charged without any witnesses, because the SP has not been able to show in court even the money he received from the MPUF members who were arrested as he allegedly stole. robbed the truck drivers and gave only the number plate of the vehicle in court.
“Because now the youth want only how to accumulate wealth quickly and therefore if they don't have the opportunity others will do anything that will disrupt the peace and stability of the state,” said Saleng.
It is for this reason that the BSF has fired four times.
Virendra Khatri, Director (Finance), NYKS, New Delhi, Head Quarter, NYKS officers in the state and about 105 volunteers took part in the program today.
He said that the refusal of the Minister of Education to meet with them, so they cannot refuse today 23rd June 2021 when they went to submit another petition to remind them. the second time on their needs through the PS of the Minister of Education.
On the closing day of the festival, dozens of actors and actresses from various films produced in Meghalaya along with Sonam Uangden from Bhutan and actress Mai Thu Huyen from Vietnam came to witness.
This has happened after many other Riewsaiñpyrthei have moved from one party to another.
Speech was delivered by the General Secretary of APSTA, FC Shullai.
The four youngsters who could not see their faces are Rimiki Pajuh guitarist, Dilberstar Lyngdoh Nonglait bass player, Wanphrang Nongkhlaw singer and Hitler Khongphai drummer.
He also denied that the meeting failed only because many Rangbah Shnongs did not attend.
Therefore, the case has been postponed for hearing in the first month of November, 2023,” she added.
In addition, the residents of the border area should have the right to fully participate in the khadar administration from village to village.
He said it is difficult to convince the people, as this scheme is 75% from the central government and 25% from the state government.
Shillong: There have been 108 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 230 recoveries.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Anselm Ryntong, Assistant Organizing Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Mawshynrut Circle. Bah P.Thongni, in his speech, encouraged the members of the Mawtynrong unit to work together with the circle or district, when there is any problem in the area and especially when the The nation needs, they should be ready to join hands for the great cause of the nation.
At the same time, he alleged that under the rule of the BJP, it has targeted and persecuted the minority Muslims and Christians.
On the other hand, it is good that they are free and what will they do when they are free? And those who didn't receive it, where did they go? And what can they do for themselves? Will the village accept them if they have done too much in the village?
Sawkmie said the KHADC forest starts from the Umling to Ir-Diengngan highway.
“Is this failure to invite the Mawlai MLA an attempt to set him up or to keep him from knowing that there is no proper implementation of the JJMï scheme,” he said.
U Bah Mayald Born Syiem, urged the state government to implement the COVID-19 treatment center at Umran Niangbyrnai soon and urged the state government not to promise. Ri Bhoi District has been severely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the government needs to take action on the treatment center for COVID-19 patients.
“In the past, they allowed us to use the Rangbah Shnong seals but there was one organization that opposed it, while other organizations did not oppose it at all when we talked to them about it,” said Nickel.
“The Garo are good people and we can live together but if they want to divide by mutual understanding, it will not be necessary to divide Meghalaya,” he added.
Shillong: The government has not taken action to repair the Lower Primary School Hingaria which was damaged by the cyclone Sitrang in the past few months.
In France, the census will begin in June 2020 and 24 European countries have acknowledged that the death toll in recent months has exceeded the normal death toll and the census. , which they did not expect.
Commenting on the MoU signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam, Bah Erwin said, “The MoU signed by the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam is the mistake of the Government and this should be corrected. tidy.
Grance Mary Kharpuri is the only woman among the Congress candidates.
The Khasi in the north do not own land, they take land according to their ability from the Bangladesh government and pay land tax.
Therefore,focusing on environmental protection is critical to the progress of the State.
These include Damonlang Myrthong, 1st Class B.Sc (Chemistry), Aitihun, 1st Class B.Sc (Zoology), Wanpyniarlang, B.Tech, Banrisuk 1st Division in HSSLC. (Sc).
Confirming the new office bearers, he wished the Circle to continue to work hard for the cause of the country and the nation.
In the boys' 50m backstroke, Mebanshan Nongsiej and Tosanhame Sangma were the winners while in the 50m freestyle, Alvinson Shylla, Wanshuwa Thongnikhar and Marvelous Marngar were the winners.
The bail of Bah Gabriel K Ïangrai was confirmed by the lawyer of the Chief Superintendent of Police, P Yobin.
It can be said that this step taken by the state government under the leadership of James Sangma has given hope for better days for the state if this statement comes true as the promise.
Besides the complaint to the Syiem of Nongstoin, DC West Khasi Hills District, the HYC has lodged a complaint with the Labor Department regarding the illegal immigration of foreigners.
Tel Aviv: Israel has sent its aid to the Indian government in recent days due to the coronavirus outbreak in India.
On the same day, Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai also handed over the Work Orders for the construction of roads from PWD (Roads) Mawbah to Eitser at Mawlangwir village worth T.9.67 lakh. Amrit Sarovar, District Medical Officer, Mawkyrwat, Dr. FR Lartang, Child Development Project Officer (CDPO), Mawkyrwat. Health Officer (DM&HO), South West Khasi Hills District, Mr. S.Najiar, Executive Engineer, PHE, Mr. K.C.Nongrum Executive Engineer.
Appoint bill distributors and meter inspectors and allow the public to pay within the village.
Therefore, through this Entry and Exit Point, the villagers, the citizens and the Mynder can enter at will, no one can stop them.
Shillong, June 14: Two PDF MLAs, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Mawkynrew MLA and Gavin Manuel Mylliem, Sohra MLA, may join the National People's Party (NPP). Both the PDF MLAs have already been in the MDA-2 government, but have not yet been in the Cabinet. Their decision to join the NPP may not be because they want to be in the Cabinet.
He said that in talks with the Prime Minister, they have decided that these offices should not be left alone.
On the other hand, Bah Commander Shangpliang President of the HFU Central Body, said that the HFU has started to convey the grievances of the farmers to the government. The other is the ground for the implementation of various projects for the farmers so that the goal of improving the livelihood of the farmers can be achieved.
Then the table 5 minutes before ticking bell.
He said that after implementation, those who are involved in this act will be prosecuted under the PIT NDPS Act which can lead to arrest along and cannot even get bail. for three months.
To examine whether alcohol consumption is associated with heart disease, Danish researchers investigated the risk of alcoholism among nearly 56,000 participants aged between 50 and 64 years in the Danish Cancer, Diet and Health study (1993–2011).
Prabal Sen and other guests.
The reasons were that during the visit of Shah, there were too many politicians from MDCs, MLAs, civil society groups, political parties who came to meet him. to discuss many issues in the state especially those who have accused Shah of many issues which show the lack of performance of the Congress led government in the state, which is more shocking. The Congress MLAs have met with the BJP leader during his visit to Shillong.
The UDP has exposed the Congress party's allegations that the UDP is allied with the BJP which introduced the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB)
There are about 85 shopkeepers in all these shops, and when talking to some of the clothes vendors, they said that they may open their market in the coming days after the shops have been completed. .
They also requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to strengthen the MeCL Office in Sohra by appointing more staff and providing the necessary equipment according to the demand from time to time.
The club aims to strengthen the team by bringing in these talented players from abroad, and also to play well in the upcoming I-League season 2023-2
It is estimated that the disease has affected more than 22 lakh people in the country.
The arrested drug traffickers were identified as Joydeep Paul and Nabajit Sen from East Khasi Hills District.
) In the time of the Apostles :- Acts 2:13-2
In the quarter final of the Under-17 Girls category, Police Public beat Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School by 2-1 goals. RMSA beat North Liberty Higher Secondary School 1-0
LEVITICUS 25:19 – And the land shall yield her increase, and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell therein in safety.
The state of Meghalaya was created for the Hynniewtrep and Achik peoples.
New Delhi: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that if the party gets back to power, it will bring back the government. Citizenship Amendment bill (CAB).
“Shaei is the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
It has now been sixteen months since she was stuck in the Planning Department.
The three victims were identified as Banplie Syiem, 28, Lamphrang Lyngdoh, 29, and Warles Kharsyntiew,
The varieties, that is, the kinds of this soh that have come into the country are these; Marsh’s Seedless, Triumph, Duncan and Foster.
Dear brothers and sisters, let us strengthen our prayers so that this disease that is currently spreading in Shillong will not disappear and will not spread to other countries like other countries.
Conrad said that in the current fiscal year, the state government has collected T.5,851 crore from the original estimates of T.5,105 crore.
During this period, no border should be crossed or divided between the two states, the court said.
This list contains a summary of discussions and discussions on uranium mining in the States of India, including Domïasiat in Meghalaya.
Damaged medicines need to be disposed of to clear the storage area which causes congestion when new medicines are brought in,” said a statement from DHS (MI).
The woman is from Nongjngi village.
Speaking on the dustbin, Thulam Saravanan said that the dustbin aims to clean up the garbage in Madurai.
Conrad K. Sangma and Prestone Tynsong have agreed to sign the MoU without consulting or informing them. Village leaders or raid leaders, who know the exact boundary, but as it is now, all the land has been given to Assam.
At meetings, he is an excellent pointer and gives advice after listening to everyone’s opinion.
KHNAM has met with the Academic Officer of MBOSE, Kong E.Shong to discuss the issue and the meeting was that the education department should look into whether there are others. schools that waste the money of parents of children by selling at a low price, and by another book title, and in talking to her, they suggested that she should set rules for everything schools regarding the purchase of books and also for the syllabus.
Samla Daniel said that he is proud that in the areas where the Khasi live, the soil is fertile and the soh and pai is clean and tasty to eat and urged the Khasi who live in Barak. Valley to follow the example of Israel, which although a small country but is one of the fastest growing countries in the world in terms of agriculture where they have been able to develop the land. theirs is fertile and fruitful by their wisdom and hard work.
The AITC said Meghalaya has been identified as one of the states with the highest number of cases of tuberculosis in the country, with one in four men and one in nine women suffering from HIV/AIDS. affected by this disease.
In the incident, the VDPs of Barato village, arrested Bibi, but he escaped from their hands and has not been found yet.
Therefore, this custom and tradition is also good, it is only how to improve it, to protect it from the destroyers.
Election violence occurred on polling day in some constituencies, and incidents continued even after the polls.
The criminal on the Cross prayed a little from the bottom of his heart, saying, "Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.
Now it has been seen in the Electoral Roll, that they have started to allow some children to register as voters.
In a statement, the Union said that the residents are filled with concern that many of the villages which have lost their transformers have been in darkness for more than half a year due to the lack of action by MeECL to repair them.
Because to cultivate twice in the same place is not possible because it needs to be cultivated only in shrah soils.
The Seng said that this smart city is to beautify the city and to improve the traffic of all the residents.
On 16th September, 2019, the Commissioner and Secretary, Transport, Bah MR Synrem, IAS, today announced that the State Government has decided to implement the new Act sent by the Central Government through No.SO -3110 (E) Dated 28.8.2019 after receipt of the amendment by the Governor of the State.
I have spoken, and I will do it; I thought, I'll do it too".
The Cement Factories are in their own name and who dares to say anything about the willingness of the leaders and Rangbah Shnongs and what is behind this that they are willing to give without thinking about the future just because fill the load.
The Enclosure Acts have impoverished and displaced the residents, farmers and smallholder farmers who are unable to take over or buy the lands that have become foreign lands, while they have provided but to the rich who can buy the land.
In terms of SHG development, there have been only 5000 SHG groups established till
Since the government took action in this regard, many women who have violated the law and regulations have been arrested and imprisoned and it has been witnessed that prisons in Iran are now overcrowded with the arrest of violators.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of Demthring Block-I has announced that the containment area has been released. The residence of Dr. Teiborlang Rymbai in Demthring Block-I, the residence of Karuna Dey, Lane No. 3 and Plot No. 44 of RR Colony and Rani Motors Showroom, Mawblei.
“On April 2nd, three films came out.
The complaint of the husband of the victim, said that the first priest, took advantage of her to defame her and when she sought help from another priest, he threatened her and gave her She gave her number to another priest and thus she was forced and insulted by these four priests.
The awards were presented by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of Bah D. Dan, District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills as the chief guest. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamletson Dohling congratulated the Meghalaya Boxing Association for organizing this tournament to provide opportunities to the young men and women. .
There are many reasons why young people become addicted to drugs, one of the main reasons is the breakdown of the family.
“The purpose of this project is to preserve the culture of the jaidbynriew,” said Bah Ardent.
They stayed in the temporary camp in Them Basuk, but now they have all left.
With this victory, these two schools will represent the district in the State Level Football Tournament to be held this month by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs in Shillong.
He made 25 appearances for Achniotes and scored two goals.
Speaking on the Trinamool Congress (TMC), Gandhi said the entry of the TMC in Meghalaya is to strengthen the BJP. Goa.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mukhla Raij beat Khimusniang 2-0
On the same day, it was decided to leave it to the discretion of the CCIB to elect a Drafting Committee to submit a written report to the Central Government on the issues of the Hynniewtrep people in the Border Bangladesh area.
This reporter inquired from the Ministers of Mylliem Hima why the garbage was left on the road until 12 noon when the CEM arrived at Iewmawlong, but they said that they could not spend the garbage. I don't know because I don't have two cars.
I bought twenty pieces of silver, got twenty.
“As a group, we want to get the support of all the people especially from Khasi-Jaintia Hills to force the government to amend the Meghalaya Succession to Self-Acquired Property Act “The unity between boys and girls will build the families and the state as a whole,” said Bah Michael.
The source said that last night, six Khasi coal owners in Shahlang were attacked by the same groups, which claimed to be AKKA. They couldn't get the full name of AKKA but they found that it starts with Achik and ends with the word Army.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has strongly condemned the shooting death of four people by the Assam police in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills. The state is located in the eastern part of India to this day.
They said that the residents of Mawpud live on agriculture including synsar, kwai, tympew, sohmarit bam and sohmarit khlaw, tyrpad leaves and other agricultural products besides soh.
Regarding the expenditure, the Special Expenditure Observer stressed the need for cooperation with various departments by directing the FSTs and SSTs to conduct monitoring, to provide explanations on C-Vigil and Toll Free number, to cooperate with the BSF at the border, to have FST vehicles with GPS tracking, and LBMs to ensure that all banks should send daily reports to the DEO and the department Income Tax and others if you have any questions about depositing money through banks.
He said that even if he does not contest from the UDP, he will not leave the UDP or leave the UDP, but it will be only a branch of the UDP. He has been the founder of the party since 1997 and has remained in the party until now.
“The Government also feels that the agriculture sector is one of the ways to increase employment opportunities and besides these the government will also increase employment opportunities in the health and education sectors. education and others such as within the Social Sector,” he said.
He said what is the point of the government providing a fish scheme where it provides only three ksing ngap, what can the fish farmers do with only three fish.
Other places visited were the construction of new footpaths at Lyngwa Market under the Scheme of the Tourism Department in Nongkhlaw in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw, Bah PM Syiemlieh and the Minister of Hima, Bah Brylin Nongbri.
As the Deputy Speaker is not in Shillong, the letter was sent to the Joint Secretary, Meghalaya Legislative Assembly at the Dy.Speaker's office.
“However, the UGC has not yet said that this should be implemented from
Although the Rangbah Shnong was not seriously injured, he suffered minor injuries after being tied with lathi by the CRPF personnel.
Rumors suggested that it was perfect for us to take part.
At that moment, Prestone said, “Welcome.
Wasa United won the title by beating Mynthong 5-2 goals on Tuesday.
About 26,50,951 farmers will receive T.1,500 crore in compensation for the damage to their crops on more than 15.96 lakh hectares of land, according to a letter sent by the officials. under the supervision of the Relief and Rehabilitation Department of the State.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday expressed its strong anger over the support of foreigners by a man from a village in Umroi area, for his support of foreigners (Saiful Ali). ) a foreigner who has tested positive for COVID-19 and who has insulted a woman who is also an employee of Bhoirymbong CHC. They arrested the woman after hearing the threat from the man against a woman working at the CHC Bhoirymbong.
One of them is the Leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) who has resigned as President of the party.
“It happened that this robber is a person whom I cannot blame,” said the Minister.
Hoping said the party has not yet decided to support the People's Candidate Forum (PCF) candidate Rev PBM Basai Awmoit.
“In the documents of the PHED, it is shown that water has been supplied to all the houses in all the villages, but in reality the people still have to fetch water farther away from their homes and the water comes out only about hour or so.
You will see many incidents, you will wait and see for a while,” said Dr. Mukul.
Nongpoh, July 20: After waiting for a long time, the Umni Market has been closed for a long time due to the overcrowding of the Umni Market. The Hima Mylliem, KHADC and Umsning Town Durbar today conducted an inspection at the site of the Umsning Town Durbar at Lumkseh, Patarim.
This was after he said that Timothy is not only a public servant but also one of the prominent farmers in Garo Hills.
They alleged that the division of constituencies in JHADC was an act of violence by the EC of Marymbai which also violated the 1961 Act, Article 244 of the Constitution of India and the Rule of the Meghalaya Autonomous District Council
Finally, we can fight this problem only through perseverance, cooperation and following the guidelines of the Ministry of Health or the World Health Organization (WHO). Health Organization).
The Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong has expressed its deep sorrow and grief that the State Government will allow the opening of casinos in the State.
Carmel said that the division of the constituency will be discussed by the 25th of this month. “If they decide forcefully, what will I say?” said Sohtun, who is now the only MDC. you don't have a side.
Hindu West Bengal and East Punjab fell to India while Muslim-majority East Bengal and West Punjab went to Pakistan.
North Liberty won 3-0 with Eladki Ksoo scoring in the 1st and 47th minutes and Dakani Shylla in the 41st minute.
When the curfew ends, the producers of kyiad will produce again and the drinkers will drink freely.
Dr Mawthoh said the Additional Chief Secretary had said that the loss of revenue from the NGT shutdown has prompted the state to seek huge amounts of money from the central government.
" Deisy asked and said quickly about the condition of the house.
Prestone said that so far about 37% of the people have been injected, but the government expects to reach 50% in a few days.
The three-day festival will conclude with a performance of culture, traditional songs and traditional food of the North East on Sunday.
However, as soon as they reached near the Petrol Pump at Mawblei, it turned into a lyndang and hit two vehicles.
Speaking to reporters after the incident, Mawlong said he will inform MDC Albinus Lyngdoh.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 14: The Trinamool Congress (TNC) will hold another public election campaign in Nongstoin on the 20th of this month.
He said the incident occurred due to the signing of an agreement between the state government and NTPC in
Sangma said that in fact the CMs of Assam and Meghalaya had planned to visit Khanduli, but due to the lack of time on both sides, they could not arrange. They also relied on the Chairman of the Regional Committee to visit Khanduli.
On the white paper, the HNLC said that it will come to light, where Ampareen Lyngdoh will face the same fate as Kropha.
Understand, Sarma, the struggle was between the Sikhs who support Khalistan and the Indian government.
“For them, it doesn't matter if they pass in any division but they need recognition because they work hard,” he said, adding that the Organization has also set aside an award for those youths. students who, despite their disabilities, persevere in their studies.
B. Marbaniang scored the second goal in the 38th minute and M. Iawphniaw in the 45th minute.
These Phensedyl pills are a type of drug that is used to replace alcohol due to the ban on the sale of alcohol in the country.
Besides, the army also seized a large quantity of sarees which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh through various places.
The final is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, November 20, 2023 at 7 pm at Duliajan, Assam.
In fact, the District Council should not allow people who have black remarks or criminal marks in their villages before filing nominations.
There will also be heavy rainfall in parts of the state, which may continue until 1st June
“I have many diseases in my body, but I drink cow's milk every day and I don't take medicine to protect myself from the corona virus and I don't get sick. , the corona virus,” she said last year.
Arunachal Pradesh scored less than 84 runs for the loss of all wickets.
“This is what I would like to pay tribute to you, the Rangbah Kur who are now working to improve the quality of life,” said Bah Jambor.
Acknowledging the need for training in various fields of work, the CM spoke on the employment opportunities among the youth of the state abroad, especially in China. , Japan, Germany,  UKbad  Australia.
At the same time, Arju asked how the government can help all those who use electricity.
The test was conducted after 14 days of quarantine.
About 35,000 people are expected to take part in the Yoga competition.
It is worth mentioning that the Sengbhalang from Jaintia Hills has expressed its desire to appoint Bah Dkhar as DC because he is a good worker and looks after the district but the government has not listened to him. Bah Dkhar was appointed.
The CEM said that so far the KHADC has received many documents from these four Hima and there are only a few which have not yet been received. KHADC has directed the Hima rulers to submit the documents to serve as witnesses to confirm their ownership of the land.
“The meeting was held today on Smit Market Day. There were no people from Nongkrem constituency but most of those who attended were from Mawkynrew and Mylliem constituencies,” said Bah Warbah.
“The government has advised us not to think of calling for talks with the GNLA,” he said.
In this regard, the Tynhiang Youth & Cultural Sport Club through its President, Bah SS Swangre, expressed its pride and joy that this man from the area has been selected to receive these events. two awards also known as the Certificate of Excellence.
Police said that Lumshnong PS during the search stopped a white tourist vehicle number ML-05-J-8725 and recovered 10 boxes of soap. from one of Lasker's plates.
However, many families have about 7 or 8 children per household.
The retired IPS officer, however, said that the party leaders from Delhi have not sought any proposal in this regard, nor has there been a candidate. which has reached the authorities in Delhi, he said.
In addition, it was proposed to allocate an additional T.150 crore for the improvement of the offices of 10 districts.
Sometimes there are those who speak and change their speech.
It is learned that this fall of this stone in the middle of the road has caused problems to the people as this stone has been left in the middle of the road which has stopped hundreds of vehicles coming from Shillong to Pynursla. others who want to go to Shillong.
He also expressed the hope that through this programme, it will bring many benefits in how to conserve and use water.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid said that as an MDC in a small capacity, he tries to help and do his best.
The leaders said that Bah Gavin in his three years as MLA has brought about more development than other MLAs who have led Sohra and especially he has the humility, the spirit. which allows and forbids his supporters to repeatedly accuse him of three dozen types of charges.
I hope you will agree and accept this.
Prestone Tynsong said that the MDA government has a vision to showcase itself to the world through culture and tourism.
He wanted and desired, therefore, that once again he would see and experience again to enjoy himself as a child in Sohra.
Shillong: U Bah S.Janong, Minister of Hima Sohiong, today informed the media that he has explained to the children of the Hima Sohiong Lyngdohship Sohiong following the news on 11th November His involvement in the sale of the Nongwah Mawtamur Hima which falls under the Sohiong Hima which includes about 20 villages up to the Assam border.
Daniel Khongsit, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, Amlarem, expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area for donating the ambulance at such a time of crisis.
The latest reports said that the trees and stones have fallen on the National Highway due to heavy rainfall in which the stream near the road has been flooded. The tunnel in Sonapyrdi has been carried away by the flood water, which has carried away the trees and stones to the main road near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84024 out of which 82299 have recovered and 1462 have died.
The statement we sent to the newspaper was also sent to other newspapers.
What remains now is the feast of trumpets.
Therefore, the Indigenous groups should think again as follows- (i) to identify themselves and the group as Indigenous peoples and (ii) Indigenous groups should stop using the term Tribal. or Schedule Tribe (iii) that the Indigenous Peoples in India should come together and discuss this issue and fight together for their rights.
Shillong, March 30: Thousands of people today attended the Procession of Rangbah Shnongs which started at 11:30 pm from Lachumiere (former DIPR office) to MBOSE office. The procession ended at the Parking Lot of the Addl. Secretariat through the road in front of the Deputy Commissioner's office. where there was also a short meeting at that place.
In the second half, the game became more interesting, as the players of Lucky FC, fought hard to turn the tide, but as the match went on. Pahamrioh FC, Pahamrioh FC, had another chance to score 2-0, but after a while, Lucky FC also managed to score, but they couldn't score again. which led to Pahamrioh to beat 2-1
However, unfortunately, the powers and authorities as mentioned in the Instrument of Accession do not fall within the Provision of the Draft Constitution of India as they should. Schedule to the Constitution of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Hours after the video of two children stealing food from a shop in Shillong, the residents of Shillong have become angry. The shopkeepers recorded a video during the questioning of the two children.
The delegation was led by the President of the TMC, Dr. Mukul Sangma and was also witnessed by the Vice President, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA of Umroi. , TMC Vice President, General Secretary and other TMC leaders from Ri Bhoi and the state.
And the debt will increase and the interest will increase.
It is believed that until the Knia Ryngkaw is completed, no Sein Raij Shnong is allowed to leave and collect the Bhang Blai.
Those who commit acts against the unity and dignity of India will be sentenced to seven years in prison.
"It was after the death of these 60 ksew of Syiem Lapaten that this Syiem lost his Muluk to the Nongbri, but before he left this place, he put a mana. Once every five years, they should offer thanksgiving, prayer and phirat in her name, and this thanksgiving is done in a pond called “Umden Lapaten”. and they sacrificed there once every five years.
Speaking on the turnout of the people to the KHADC, Ardent said, “If the District Council or the government has done wrong, the people should come out and if Ardent has done wrong, they should come out. ".
The RTI also stated that even the well-known schools in the city do not have students taking the Khasi subject.
Assam type house, shop and land area 3000 sq ft on by-pass road in Nongtraw Ribhoi.
These meetings have received praise from those authorities in charge of water issues from around the world.
In the 3rd Division, Mawreng beat Lamlynti 2-1 with Koshonroy Sohlang scoring in the 41st and 55th minutes and Doril Pathaw in the second half. missed goal in the 13th minute.
When he entered Kali, the son was wrapped in the body of his father with the crowds on both sides of him.
Leaders who attended the meeting were the National Boro Christian Council (NBCC), Assam Baptist Convention (ABC), Boro Baptist Church Association (BBCA), Karbi Anglong Baptist Convention (KABC), All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO). ), Catholic Church, UCF Karbi Anglong, Nagaland Joint Christian Forum (NJCF), North Bank Baptist Christian Association (NBBCA), Khasi Jaiñtia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF), Christ Church Guwahati (CNI), Assam Christian Forum (ACF), CCFNEI , Boro Baptist Convention (BBC), said Rev Dr EH Kharkongor.
“Those in favor of the No's have won, and therefore the motion cannot be moved forward and the Bill cannot be brought for discussion in the Legislative Assembly.
“Our nation must wake up to educate and encourage local businesses.
He said the Supreme Court has confirmed that the land, mineral resources and wealth in the state belong to the people, the land owners.
Bah Teinwell said that according to the customs and traditions of Khasi women, Khasi women take jait for themselves and if they marry other ethnic groups they have to give jait to others. country of origin.
Whether the church is old or the church is young.
He said that people kill animals in various ways, such as by going hunting alone, by using guns at night.
He said that some farmers have taken loans of about T.50,000 from banks to use in agriculture, but now due to the deterioration of the market, it has caused problems to the farmers until they are in trouble. to pay the debt and worse still, the interest rate has increased when they cannot pay on time.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the HNYM, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the HNYM has long demanded and submitted a petition to the Chief Minister since November. There should be a policy for the employment of 80% of the state residents in private companies, but so far the government has not listened and has remained silent.
He said the HPC will take new measures for the mechanisms and rules of peace talks to be implemented.
All beneficiaries, heads of households who have AAY or PHH cards and beneficiaries of schemes under the Public Distribution System are informed that they should have Aadhaar as it will soon be available. Implementation of Electronic Point of Sale (ePoS) Machine through ration shops.
I would like to send a message to the people of Sohiong constituency and also of the State that they should not lose hope but trust in the Lord because as the Creator He has His own purpose for the family, the Sohiong constituency, the UDP and everyone.
During the meeting with the Minister on Tuesday, the union also demanded that the Ministry of Agriculture and the State Government should provide more good seeds which can produce more varieties of crops and which are well prepared, such as muli, cucumber, cucumber, rice, wheat, sohsaw, soh mynken, sying, and others.
Shillong, Lber 31: After receiving 18.9 millimeters of rainfall in the last 48 hours, the rainfall in Shillong has increased in the last 24 hours. The rainfall reached 34.6 millimeters.
The midfielder was also able to show off his skills for a goal in the 89th minute.
Media reports said that there are now two factions within the PDF, one is the Congress side against Mukul Sangma and the other is the Congress side with Mukul Sangma to fight against Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. .
The National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) immediately took action to clean up the area.
Could you survive on just money? And also if everyone all got tired of cultivating, do you think what would happen! When the farmers demanded their rights, everyone turned their heads. When the farmers went to ask for help from the government, it turned a blind eye and the workers sometimes spoke harsh words to the farmers.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The Ryntih Football Club of Mawlai Mawdatbaki has received the assistance of sports equipment from the Assam Rifles under the leadership of the MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teibor Pathaw.
“I have received information that the Clan Bill has been returned, but I have not read on what basis it has been returned,” said Teinwel.
Replying to a question, the Minister said the government has not yet taken any decision on the need to have mechanisms to ensure that teachers can receive their salaries on time.
The entry fee is T.2000 per club.
Titostarwell Chyne also asked the party whether it wants to protect foreigners or locals. They want to protect who he asked questions.
Shillong, Lber 28: SI KD Marngar has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS Police Station that on the 27th of this month at 11:30 pm, someone called her. He admitted that he is an employee of Rani Motors Shillong and on the phone he threatened the police especially the Madanrting and Laitumkhrah PS.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 969, according to official figures from the country, the highest number of deaths in a single day. There are now 9,134 cases in the country.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, BDR Tiwari, has inspected the strong room at Polo Ground, Shillong, in preparation for the Lok Sabha elections in the State.
When they were satisfied with the food and the story, they left the restaurant and paid the bill of Rs 500/-.
Police also recovered an Ak-47 rifle, a 9mm pistol, 32 bullets and 33 empty rounds from the scene.
Justin Dkhar, Khliehriat MLA, Hopefull Bamon, Sutnga MLA and HG Lyngdoh were also present.
On this occasion, the teachers were enriched by the participation of the students in songs, dances and other activities.
Police said that the body of Blessingson Fancon was found hanging and during the investigation, no signs of murder were found but it was a murder. I have lost my life.
