Dr. Mukul Sangma was defeated by Purno A Sangma in 2004 but later Purno resigned from the post of MP to return to politics in the state. The Congress had nominated Zenith but she was defeated by Agatha K Sangma and in the 2009 MP elections, the Congress had nominated Deborah Marak but Deborah was also defeated by Agatha.
Two of the four Justices agreed with the CJI that the Court cannot legally give recognition to same-sex marriages.
The Rebel Girls team was awarded to Tubirth Ch.
In his closing remarks, Bah Constantine said that if Bah Lapang does not contest, then the victory, this time, will go to the NPP candidate, Bah CB Syiem, who is also the U.N. Former CEM of KHADC, Shillong, Naiwieng 26: “I don't have any intention to join other political parties as it has appeared in the newspapers and if it happens it will be the decision of the people. “I am not the only one to decide,” said Bah Kennedy C Khyriem while explaining the allegations in the media about his intention to join hands with the NPP at the confirmation meeting of the Primary Unit Office Bearers of the Mawphlang Block Congress Committee. at Club Mawngap on the 25th of November.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,797 and the death toll has risen to
If there are individuals or persons who continue to engage in such activities that disrupt the society and post immoral articles or videos that offend others on social media, we on the other hand The Students Wing of HITO will not hesitate to take a decision to lodge a complaint against such persons and individuals.
This is the finding of doctors in the state, the report said.
In fact, those who discharge septic tanks into the rivers and those who have septic tanks that have been destroyed and if they do not send for repair within 10 days, the fine will be T.500 per day. “The fine of T.500 will be imposed every day until the day the septic tank is repaired or if they have confirmed that the garbage will not flow into the rivers,” said Bah Wahlang.
He said the HYC condemns and demands the arrest of the perpetrators.
On 06th November 2020, a letter of reminder was sent to the Director Health Services Dr.A.War regarding this promise at the meeting held on 12th July 2020 at PHC Mawryngkneng but no reply has been received yet. This shows the counting of false promises to the village leaders as well as the people of the area.
The Seng said that the first protest was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh area and many people.
Mizoram started to bat again and waited until K Vanrotlinga came to bat in the ninth over and scored 52 runs without losing a wicket.
Nongstoin, 03 Naiwieng: Three candidates for the mid-term elections from Nongstoin constituency have filed their nomination papers with the Returning Officer. Gabriel Wahlang, Congress candidate, Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait, Independent Candidate and Diosstar Jyndiang, HSPDP Candidate. Head of the political party, including Bah KP Pangniang, Bah Witting Mawsor and Bah LG Nongsiej along with many supporters. HDR Lyngdoh, N.Nongdkhar and many others and finally Fenella.
On the other hand, the party expresses its regret that the request of the party has not been heeded.
These posts have been lying vacant for about nine years now.
Those who took part in the song include Stoper W.Tyngsong, Christopher Khonglah, Bitx.
Shillong, July 19: The State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Friday said that the Central Government will soon implement the subsidy or low price of fertilizers.
However, he said the US does not want to create conflict with China.
He was seen sleeping in a room that was covered with a blanket, then lying on the floor and covered with a blanket.
They also demanded that the farmers should issue accurate receipts to the farmers, as at present they issue only copy sheets and this has caused problems to them.
How didn't they do it when they turned to the mother's house? They did so according to the need of the hour.
“Sohphoh Village will be a role model for other villages and farmers in the district and the state as well,” said the General Secretary of the HFU Central Body.
The leaders spoke and submitted a petition to the Vice President of the Congress party.
Speaking to reporters, the singer said he really wants to bring about change in the country and that is why he intends to contest the election.
He said that the HFU stands on the basis of fighting against many of the problems of the farmers, whether it is the lack of seeds, lack of fertilizer, lack of water, price hike, harvesting. kilo, to introduce a law on agriculture, lack of market to manage agricultural products, decline in prices of agricultural products, livestock, animals and livestock, and all the problems faced by farmers meet in the state.
So far, there are 1,720,613 cases in the country.
Otherwise, it will not reach anywhere because in the past, this issue has been brought before the Indian authorities many times, even during the Congress government, but these incidents have not disappeared.
Besides these teachers and preachers of cleanliness and environmental protection, welcome and congratulatory speeches were also delivered by the two elders whom the village has elected and the meeting was conducted by u Lester Umbah, former Mayor of Mawtari Thaiang.
So before confirming I always check our age.
Rikenson Suting scored the second goal for Lum Pariat in the 7th minute.
Shillong, July 20: As part of the celebration of the 51st Independence Day of Meghalaya, the Directorate of Arts and Culture of the State Government has exhibited 50 years of paintings. The exhibition was held at the State Central Library Shillong which started on the 19th and will end on the 21st July,
“A notice has been sent to the SP of East Khasi Hills District to send a detailed report to the Commission within 15 days,” said a statement from the Secretary of the MHRC. day.
The arrested were Guilavogui Victor, 25, of Guinea, Kehinde Edris Olaymka, 26, of Libera and Vidal Luis Chissano, 25, of Mozambique.
“All political parties have their own political strategy.
The suspect was identified as Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village, who may have been the suspect in the bomb blast at Mawlong Market in Harijan Colony. .
In Meghalaya, however, it is the worst.
The TMC is a party that has a feeling for the people and the lymboit lymbiang.
If the owners of these pharmacies do not implement this order, the relevant departments will take punitive measures.
In another match, Barcelona beat Levante 5-0 in La Liga, with goals scored by Louis Suarez (35), Lionel Messi (43, 47, 60). Pique (88).
They also expressed their gratitude to the DC for promising to take action on this issue and also to send security forces so that there will be no intimidation and fear among the residents. the whole area.
The shop is owned by Bah Basil Kharbani, resident of Lad Tiehsaw, Nongstoin.
He said that he found that the children in this workshop are very eager to learn in these subjects and their eagerness will increase if they have the opportunity to meet and exchange ideas with others. children from all over the country.
Every month of April, the family members go to the cemetery to collect the bodies of their loved ones and there they cleanse, cleanse the bodies, replace the coffin and They also wear sopti and other clothes and this is what they do in Indonesia.
“Why do former leaders like Dr Mukul Sangma, DD Lapang, Captain W Sangma, BB Lyngdoh find that they have done nothing in the past even though it is a small step? The MDA government has accepted, but they have started again and this is necessary”.
On the other hand, u Sawkmie also wants the scooty drivers in Shillong to get permits and this will help the government to achieve its goal of employment opportunities for the youth.
Shillong: Cyclone Remal, which is passing through Bangladesh, has risen to the North East at a speed of 12 kilometers per hour in the past six hours.
As the days of a tree, so shall the days of my people be.
“I also request the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the police at various police stations so that if they receive information that there are strangers entering the villages, please immediately inform the authorities. “The police will be able to do whatever is necessary,” said the Minister.
Jaitley said Manmohan Singh is an intelligent man who has always prepared well for the tasks he has to face.
On receiving the information, police rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the injured and took them to CHC Bhoirymbong for treatment. Because of the severity of his illness, he was immediately taken to Shillong for further treatment.
An earthquake has struck Kullu district in Himachal Pradesh today, destroying several houses. It is believed that many people have been killed in this incident.
Shillong: The employees of GVK EMRI under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEM RIWU) today decided to suspend their strike.
cases in Ribhoi, 4 cases in West Khasi Hills, 15 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 14 cases in West Garo Hills, 15 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills.
There is now a ban on the slaughter of cows in the state, which will now be a law, which can no longer be granted bail and which should be imprisoned for five years and a fine. must be paid, it will be T.10 thousand.
In a statement, the union said that especially for those who work in various fields who rely on phone and internet, this has affected the income of the people. they.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the violence in Shillong in the past three days has been unprecedented. there are people who pay money for this protest.
Dr Thangkhiew received this award for his dedication to improving health in Meghalaya and the region as a whole.
“We will sit down and take a decision,” said the leader of the four, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
He said Meghalaya has a 884 km border with Assam.
He said that the government has done its best to clean up the distance from Umsning to Sohnidan which is 40 km and what is still worrying the people is the distance of 40 km from Sohnidan to Sohnidan. Umsiang said that the government has not completed the cleaning of the road as the people are still facing difficulties in traveling in the parts of the road which have not been cleaned.
The 100 percent housing scheme known as the PM Awas Yojana scheme will also be implemented to provide adequate housing to all the residents of Meghalaya.
On the Governor's side, the seats were filled with MP, CEM, Bah DD Lapang, MDCs, EMs, MLAs, officers and invitees. .
Prof. SS Ray, Head of Biomedical Engineering Department, who is also the Chief Guest, praised the work done by Artificial Intelligence in the field of health in the last century and said that the technology has improved. innovate in the healthcare field in communicating between patients and healthcare providers.
Shillong, March 24: A GNLA member Griksang Marak, 22, alias Chuang, was arrested by the Meghalaya Police on Friday from Salpara village near Mendipathar in North Garo Hills.
The cities of the kingdom of Judah were destroyed, and the trade and commerce were taken over by the Babylonian rulers.
BBS College won the final by 7 wickets.
“We from the BJP also demand that an independent inquiry should be conducted to find out all the facts,” he said.
“I don't see anyone in the world who will act like the Prime Minister of the country to be the spokesman of the companies, the officials.
How can it be ensured that such activities will not be carried out by the State Governments in these camps?
Referring to sub sections 8 and 16 of Section 5, which deals with the issuance of syrnod to non-Khasis, Nongkynrih said that the appropriate decision should be left to the discretion of the Dorbar Shnong. The Dorbar Shnong said that even if a non-Khasi has lived for more than 15 years, he cannot be issued a syrnod of residence. Many of them, he said, have been living there for decades but are not Indians, they are from Bangladesh, Nepal and other countries.
He said that as a Minister in the state government, when he saw that only the people from the rural areas have received water from this scheme, when he had the opportunity to meet with the The Union Minister of Jal Shakti, in the presence of all the Ministers from all the North Eastern States, briefed the Union Minister on the need to change the implementation of the distribution of water to the farmers. public.
The semi final of the 1st Division EJHDFA will be played on 23/10/2023 at 1 pm between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Khliehriat West FC. Jowai, March 19: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 has been held at the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 on Tuesday. The 2013 World Cup will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai today.
Perhaps this is because the state government does not have clear laws to punish them after completing their training.
The Election Commission has launched a new web portal to allow recognized political parties to submit financial statements including donation reports, annual statements audited and expenditure during the elections.
Today, Caroline Village has tried to implement Social Distancing and this has been successful in the village.
Those who have illnesses and diseases should not be brought to the meetings.
This thinking will weaken our relationship with God and will also lead to poor service and will make it difficult for us to even read God's Word or pray.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 12: The new building of the Sib Singh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, has been inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, since July last year. I am surprised that until now it has not been used.
Tickets are priced at T.700 in the ground and T.2000 in the gallery.
Therefore, I request you to take action on this issue with the departments to address this problem faced by the workers,” he added.
Nambie Marak said she likes to watch Master Chef from time to time.
However, in 2009, when the UDP led the government through the MPA government, there was a departure of some of the MPA colleagues and the UDP-led government became small paid. Now.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, praised the hard work of all the employees of the Social Welfare Department including from officers to anganwadi workers. He also urged the staff of the Social Welfare Department of West Khasi Hills to do their job for the benefit of the community in the district and the state as a whole. as missionaries and not as mercenaries.
One thing I can say is that in November 1972, the Government decided to make Combined 80 percent Khasi-Jaintia in the districts of Khasi Hills and 80 percent Garo in the districts of Khasi Hills. “It doesn't work in Garo Hills because there are no Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people to fill the vacancies, it has been turned into unreserved and this is a shortcoming of the Reservation Policy,” he added.
He said that Meghalaya has been on a smooth path without any bloodshed.
Women will be protected.
Sohra received 673.6 mm of rainfall on Friday, 811.6 mm on Tuesday, 62.6 mm on Tuesday, 293 mm on Tuesday and 354 mm on Sunday.
Two persons, including Donaldson Dkhar from Mihsngi, have been identified since they were taken to Mission Hospital Jowai.
Shillong: The Congress party, which is in the opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday sent a petition to the Secretariat of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly for the introduction of a resolution. to immediately remove Bah Metbah Lyngdoh from the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The Dorbar Shnongs and religious leaders are requested to announce only less than 20 people to attend the funeral and wedding ceremony.
The first batch of doctors from the state will soon leave for Tamil Nadu to take part in the training after the Meghalaya government has signed a soskular with the state for the purpose of training. Moreover, the quality of health care especially in health centers outside the state.
However, now you are no longer the Syiem of Garo Hills.
She said that out of the allocation of T.64,000 crore for the country as a whole, about T.150 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya in the next four years.
The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Symbud Prime Minister of the MDA government and the party's candidate from Pynursla Constituency, Bah Prestone Tynsong. Sohiong Constituency Bah Samlin Malngiang, on 24th June 2013, went to Mawthadraishan Constituency to contest the election campaign organized by the Dorbar Shnong Kynshi Mawria to seek the support of the people for the candidate of Thousands of supporters of the candidate from this constituency have witnessed the influx of thousands of supporters of the candidate from this constituency.
Besides these trucks, the vehicles of the Municipal Department have come to check and it has been seen that these vehicles have come to check the trucks in the morning and all the vehicles have come in the morning.
At the same time, the Minister promised to upgrade Maweit PHC to CHC with 50 beds. He promised to discuss this with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to expedite the allocation of funds so that it will benefit the people of Maweit area.
Before the awards ceremony, there will be a Quiz Competition for the students of all Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools in Narpuh and the first, second and third place winners. , the organization will also honor them with this award.
However, it is up to the personal will of those who want to vote but many of them say not to vote,” said Bah Shullai while informing the decision of the Dorbar Shnong and the residents.
The old ones who left this house decided to move to a new house with their followers.
There will be no struggle or struggle for the Rangbah Shnong.
If we translate these words into English, it means 'Goals and Aspirations'
The Minister also visited the CHC after the launch of the ambulance.
Such programs bring great benefits because they teach young people how to learn, understand, and apply their intelligence in everyday life with courage.
According to the RTI reply, the Jowai Municipal has already divided its boundary and the entire Jowai has been included in the Jowai Municipal Board.
Modi urged everyone to work hard for the achievement of Viksit Bharat@2
The Deputy Commissioner has imposed conditions on the files of Schedule Tribe Certificate holders if they know that ST Certificate holders are descended from their father,” said the President of the SRT, Bah Teibor Khongjee.
East Khasi Hills has 942 cases, West Garo Hills 107, Ri Bhoi 70, East Jaintia Hills 25, West Jaintia Hills 24, West Khasi Hills 18, South West Khasi Hills 6, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills , North Garo Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
Speaking at a seminar on the topic, Prof Shukla said that the Khasi Department of NEHU in collaboration with the Tribal Literacy Forum of India (NEHU) today at NEHU, Shillong, said that The idea of ​​being separate from identity includes many of the characteristics of the Jaitbynriew.
Many non-Khasi people are mentally ill.
He said that the cause of the fire is unknown as it happened at midnight, but the fire has caused a huge loss to the owners of these shops. for all the furniture and belongings of these shops have been destroyed.
This book is available from the Khasi Book Agency Mawkhar and the New Book Centre, Laitumkhrah.
If you attack his ego, his love for you will diminish.5.
Best skillful player: Kyrdamon Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
They were seized from a border area in East Khasi Hills.
She said that in the current OM for the Roster, the section states that job seekers should also be able to speak the native language of the state for various foreign jobs.
So far, the candidates for the 2023 election from West Shillong have been confirmed including the MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh against Bah Mohendro Rapsang of the NPP. Our beloved Savior on that night before he was crucified.
“I am filled with joy that my Father has come to the same place where I came today.
The National Vice President of the BJP, Dr M Chuba Ao, on Friday said that the BJP has no intention of inviting the former Chief Minister to join the party. Dr. Mukul Sangma has joined the party.
Langpih, Naiwieng 16: Langpih, the scene of clashes between the Assam police and the Khasi residents of the area for decades, is also difficult to prove. Who is the owner of the land until today, because of the lack of boundary in which Assam has not transferred the land of this area as well as Meghalaya.
EF Gatphoh Charter President Rotary Club Jowai said that this blood donation is part of the celebration of the 116th Anniversary of Rotary International and the 25th Anniversary of Rotary Club Jowai.
Replying to a question on the demarcation in the House recently, Conrad said the MDA government has not taken this issue seriously but congratulates other previous governments who have taken it. this work.
Shillong: Tens of thousands of people in Khasi Jaintia Hills District are expected to attend the Dorbar Bah u Briu Hynniewtrep scheduled to be held on 30th June on the issue of the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbars. village in the High Court.
“I went to the Syiem of Marwet Hima and he didn't allow me to issue the NOC,” said Dilip. “The third time they came while I was sitting on the balcony.
The Jowai MLA opposed the proposal only in his letter to the Boundary Committee.
Bah RR Makdoh is also a strong supporter of Bah Jason Mawlong, who won the election as MLA from the PDF party in 2018 and this time without revealing the reasons why he left the party. NPP party on the grounds that it is only for personal reasons.
Speaking on the HSPDP, he said, “U Sing Rangbah in Nongkrem has already won, others have already spoken, Bah Ardent held a meeting in Mawpynthih with only 50 people, half of them were ours. listen to me.
“They have done a brave job and we should commend them and follow their example,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The deterioration of the road at Forest Colony in Block IV has caused a lot of traffic jams.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, which represented Meghalaya in the 62nd edition of the Sub Junior Boys, started the tournament with a 3-0 victory. 0 at the Sainik School in Bengaluru, Karnataka (1st March).
The funeral service was held on 9th March in the presence of relatives at the cemetery of Pynthorlangteiñ Presbyterian Church.
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Lokayukta requesting the appointment of an independent commission of inquiry into the allegation of illegal purchase of vehicles. the Police Department.
She said that none of the jhur vendors in the market came to help Kong Bek after she was beaten with a knife. this ban die jhur.
Ajay Bhatt, BJP MP from Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar constituency in Uttarakhand, said that through the bill, those who have more than two children will be punished. They will also be fined T.50,0
To mark the death anniversary of Late PA Sangma, USTM also held a 7th Memorial Lecture on the Role of PA Sangma for Progressive Meghalaya at the campus of the University. USTM Chancellor Mahbubul Hoque, Vice-Chancellor Prof GD Sharma, members, staff and hundreds of students were also present.
Unfortunately, until now, there has been no sign that the government will start this work.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities (UVHA) today urged the Meghalaya government to force the Indian government to recognize them as Constitutional Traditional Heads.
Dr.M Mawrie, as the Chief Medical Officer of the District, has explained the rules of quarantine for those who have been infected with COVID-19 but do not have any symptoms or signs of illness. The Government has allowed the slung to be set at home but it should be set alone in which one bedroom and a place to go outside must be provided in accordance with all the guidelines of the Government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Khiah added that through the quarantine at home, it will encourage those who are infected with the disease.
Shillong, June 27 : The Riwar Mihngi Development Council (RMDC) on Friday demanded that the State Government should expedite the donation to the families of two victims of the earthquake in Rngaiñ Road, on the Shillong-Dawki road, on the evening of 14th June.
Here I will take the example of Isawanda who got the rank of IAS after a fierce struggle in which she had to compete with many intellectuals in India and she won. you don't have to worry about your hard work.
Prof Niaz Mazumdar presented the example of the durim which has been very successful.
You Ridon Shivat.
Shillong, June 09: The National Hynniewtrep Peoples Federation (NHP) on Saturday announced that it has renamed itself as the National Hynniewtrep Peoples Federation (NHP). NHPF).
In the first half, both the teams played well to qualify for the final but in the middle of the match Nineset SS won the title and entered the final through Six goals were scored by Badaphun Lyngkhoi in the 6th and 9th minutes, Deiphiwansara in the 16th and 23rd minutes and Ribakmen Wanniang in the 28th and 41st minutes.
This is the view of the people on this issue to stop the job creation cannot be accepted by the youth job seekers.
He said the government wants to beautify the entire Polo area so that it will be beautiful and attractive to the people from the cleanliness.
Some members of our church, who went to the scene, were shot.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The residents especially the patients as well as the staff and doctors of the PHC at Pdeinshakap, have faced difficulties in providing adequate services to the residents of the area.
The meeting was attended by Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Employment Generation Council, Bah Bobby L. Nongbet, District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi; Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD, Marcus Marten, President HNYF NR, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah EK Lapang, teachers and students of the school who came to attend the ceremony. lang by the parents.
The old market which KJBWA wants to revive is located at Byrnihat, Rongkona under Nongpoh Sirdarship.
With the joining of these two MLAs, the Congress has reduced its number of MLAs to 14 from 16 MLAs. These two MLAs have already resigned from their posts. Shillong: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has given its full support to the efforts of Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency. & Minister of Urban Affairs to move the Jhalupara Outpost to Umshyrpi Bridge.
MePDCL also attended the inspection and held a short meeting to discuss the post lights, transformers and the delivery of electricity to every household in 150 households.
He urged the public not to spread false news about the COVID-19 vaccine in any way.
After a thorough discussion on the project, Bah WMS Pariat, IAS, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, said that the project will not stop and cannot be taken anywhere else. He said that in fact it will continue, and perhaps the project can be improved by joining forces with the objectives of other government departments. The benefits or shortcomings of the project as part of informing the officers and the Government on the progress of the project and to bring about cooperation between the Government department and the public. who are the beneficiaries of this benefit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Supreme Court today issued an order that mining in the state is allowed but must be strictly complied with the rules of the Environment Act. Environment Protection Act 1986.
Besides Chutwakhu, Ladthadlaboh, Mookyrdup, Caroline Colony, Salaroh and other neighboring villages have given their full support to the 36 hour curfew.
Shillong, November 19: The Union of Village Authorities of Nongthymmai Pyllun, Shillong has decided to urge the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the delimitation of MDC constituencies. to wait for a while and to discuss together for the benefit of all.
On this occasion, Bah Shangpliang said that the Minister's statement is wrong as the Association has had many meetings with him in the past.
Kevin John Khyllait won the cycle race.
I am still waiting for any order but this month the district authorities will start searching.
For those who need aids, they will be delivered within three months and they do not have to pay. For those who need eyeglasses, they will be sent. to the hospital.
He recalled that the government had already laid the foundation stone for the construction of the mini secretariat in Jowai in November last year but no signs have been seen yet.
Continuing to score 96/5 wickets on Monday morning to chase Meghalaya's target of 201 runs for the loss of all wickets, Odisha managed to score runs with the help of innings. They scored 126 runs for the team while the team scored 332 runs all out.
The mother of Bah Shylla is now 84 years old and at the time of her birth she was 22 years old. She prayed day and night to God to give her an elder son who was full of strength and who was blessed with knowledge to lead the country and the nation and she said that God had blessed her. he was born in Bah H.S Shylla.
Shillong: The FKJGP today met with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat to strongly oppose the public hearing of Star Cement. which was held on 29/01/2022 at Lumshnong.
According to Bah Shylla, Bah Pynshngain has not won a single issue of the community including the land acquisition of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), the Village Administration Bill and others.
Ribha Dkhar scored the second goal for Rymbai Shkenshynriah in the 28th and 33rd minutes.
Laitkor and Mawlai have a chance to qualify for the final of the Women's League tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
“I appeal to the media, don’t publish negative news.
Shillong: On the 9th and 10th of this month, BSF troops seized 158 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The devil and Satan live in that third Temple, he will pretend to be God, because he has long wanted to be God himself.
Bisht should have earned even more though as he ended the day with 205 runs off 193 balls.
Currently, Meghalaya has a production of 39326 metric tonnes.
Members of the JSM gathered near the Mot U Woh Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat and shouted slogans against Modi and the Citizenship Amendment Bill and then burnt down Modi's statue.
Electric trains will also be able to speed up their operation and at the same time the state will benefit because through this railway, many kinds of goods can be transported because of the electric trains. electricity are strong and adequate during travel and arrival.
The Minister explained that these funds should be sent directly to the bank accounts of the farmers whose crops have been damaged by the rain and cold.
Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat to mark the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Amrit Mahotsav and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya. The College has conducted a special lecture on the topic “The Life and Contributions of Kiri Dhar, Daloi of Shangpung District, a hero and freedom fighter of India. Shangpung, an unsung hero towards Indian National Movement) haka 10th November 2022.
Goyal also informed that the Incident Response Systems have also been operational for any emergency.
The Minister also took the opportunity to announce several development projects to be implemented in the State including the new Secretariat, Parking Lots, Community Parks, Ropeway System. bring about development activities in all aspects as well as providing support to various groups in the community including Farmers, Women's Organizations and Entrepreneurs.
In the first match, 7 Wasa won the title by beating Khimusniang 2-0
On the same day, the school also held a School Exhibition where the children had to prepare their models according to the theme. that's their talent through this exhibition.
It is to be recalled that on Friday, a Karbi community threw stones at the vehicle of SP West Jaintia Hills District Ma C Syrti after one Karbi was injured in a shooting incident by the residents of Khanduli. The Karbi burnt down two houses of the Khanduli in the field in Khanduli square and the Karbi threatened one Khanduli.
A video message by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu was also broadcast at the programme.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The HSPDP today decided not to elect its President.
Mukul said the government has provided security forces to ensure that the Republic Day celebrations will run smoothly.
The silencer should not be used because the CC or catalytic converter converts the more harmful gas, carbon monoxide, into less harmful carbon dioxide.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Among the civil society organizations that have protested against the ILP, only the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) and the All India Garo Union (AIGU) have appeared before the hearing. ILP protest on Thursday.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the MLA of Raksamgre constituency and the MLA of Salmanpara constituency.
Hub News reported that 147 candidates were selected from the Khasi and Garo lists, while 11 candidates were selected from the SC/ST list. There was no faithfulness, not a single Khasi, who was appointed.
The residents who came and went had to wait for many hours along the road just to get to a nearby place.
In April last year, the High Court allowed the state parties to appeal against its decision dated 27 October Appeal against All Manipur Tribal Union.
We cannot say that in these 47 years the state has grown in terms of population, more villages, more roads, more vehicles, more schools and colleges, especially Church schools and private schools have increased in urban and rural areas, PHCs, CHCs, dispensaries and hospitals have increased, government offices have increased but all these increases have been in any case, we still have to examine it.
Visit the roads in East Jaintia Hills to Silchar.
The Mission Document of the Meghalaya State Floriculture Mission and the GDP Vision 2028 were also released.
Many of the participants who participated in the annual festival have thousands of thousands of dollars.
Nongstoiñ: The Hima Nongstoiñ has condemned the members of the KSU Rimuliang Circle who came to destroy the tax collection gate in Mawlan 'B' village. In a meeting with the media, the Chief of the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship, Bah Auxilius Syiem, said that the Hima has collected illegal money. On the 22nd, some people came to the gate and took the slips of money from the gate. They paid T.1000/- and gave T.500/- to the gatekeepers but they refused to take it.
In another development, YSR Congress Lok Sabha MP Balli Durga Prasad from Tirupati has died of the corona virus and is undergoing treatment in Chennai.
"“After seeing the submission of the report by Justice T.Vaiphei to the Prime Minister on the 20th of June, as a group we are pleased to meet again with his family. Bah Che today after the Government has not made public the report of the inquiry,” he said.
They shall despise the poor and needy, and shall be corrupt; and many shall be cast out of the church, and shall become the children of hell.
I'm not perfect because I'm just a human being and I'm sure there are many mistakes, but I'm still in the middle of my journey and making myself flawless," she added.
The MDC of Sohra, said that since he entered the political arena to serve the people since 2008, to serve the Sohra constituency and the country, he has give yourself, according to your ability and strength.
It is to be recalled that in the past years, the civil society and the people have demanded from the government to set up police stations in Rambrai, Maweit and Nongshillong for the safety of the people. public.
His mother, however, has not shown any signs of the disease and is in another hospital, the report said.
The purpose of this tournament is to provide a platform for the youth of the villages to showcase their talents and is also part of the unity.
The three, Karlus Kanai, Albad Phawa and Ritulmon Suchiang, were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for involvement in murder.
It is worth mentioning that the film has once again been selected to compete at the Itnangar Festival recently and many films from all over the state have been selected to screen at the festival.
“It is well known that any decision is not taken by a few people, as it appears in the media, but by the party as a whole and in accordance with the rules of democracy,” said the statement. .
The death toll in Mumbai has risen to 40 and the number of cases to
The KHADC has decided to appeal against the decision of the High Court to the Supreme Court.
A helpline number 1093 has been set up for the people of the area which has been operational since 14th June and a special cell at Nanak Pura police station has been set up to look after only the people of Nanak Pura police station. The Joint Commissioner of Police (Training) has been appointed as the Chief Nodal Officer to look after the problems of the people of this area.
The Congress has been in power in the state under the leadership of Ashok Gehlot since
However, we are afraid that if there are good deeds we do, it is to praise the authorities or to praise someone else.
New Delhi, March 01: As the country celebrates the birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi on March 2, the President of India, Droupadi Murmu, will distribute awards for the ka Swachh Survekshan Grameen (SSG) 2022, Swachhta Hi Sewa 2022, Sujlam 1.0 & 2.0, Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) Functionality Assessment, Har Ghar Jal certification and Start-up Grand Challenge.
“We are still preparing for the MP elections as the MDA has not yet held a meeting because there is a difference between the NPP and the UDP,” he said.
Area : Out of the 3.51 sq km area, 3.21 sq km will be covered in Meghalaya including the villages of Rongthali, Ranighat, Athiabari, Thamnaguri/Sonakuri, Methaphuta/Umshiak, Maspara, Moipara, Simrang/Umsaitwapara and Simrang. While 0.30 sq km including Thuthiapara/Thutia Bazar goes to Assam.
The incident happened at 1 pm this morning, when the rain had just stopped falling.
In Lalruatkima's attempt, perhaps, to those who watched that his attempt would have been given to his teammates who were standing near the net, but what happened was that his shot went straight up. and enter immediately into the jar before it goes down.
A short meeting was held at his house in the presence of his children and family members and the meeting was conducted by Bah Zakhaïus Tympuiñ president of HFU. In the presence of Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh Secretary, Bah Alfonbiorth Kharsyntiew Secretary HFU Sengkmie and other members of the HFU from the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Syiem of Sohra Hima has sent a clarification to the courts regarding the incident in Majai where the court has allocated land to a foreigner. Dilip Biswas and his wife Shaya Biswas of Kurikhal village.
They are:-1) Reduce pride:- I have heard the story of Khasi brothers who used to buy from Dkhar shops in Shillong who said, “It is impossible to buy from Dkhar shops because Khasi are dress too much.
The child was placed yesterday and is in the care of Lawei Baphyrnai Specialized Adoption Agency, Shillong.
HANM Jaintia Zone President Pynshngain Papang, HANM Jaintia Zone President Shaniahlang Suchen and HANM Jaintia Zone General Secretary Wankishwa Mawlong were present at the election.
On the other hand, the Thma U Rangli (TUR) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah PBO Warjri to challenge the appointment of all these women who have passed the Gram examination. Servant.
Lumpaia Avengers CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, managed to score only 110 runs for the loss of all wickets in 17.5 overs.
He said that the presence of a strong wind can drive away the wind, but if the air conditioning is not used, but if the doors are closed, iit and food restrictions, creates a risk that the disease will spread to others.
Explaining more about this project, Conrad said that there are about 27,000 school children in the Laitumkhrah area and about 60% of them go by their own vehicles.
“Kong don't worry too much about starting a new path, forget what happened.
The Minister in charge of I&PR, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the progress of the state in recent years is due to the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma.
Thus man lives as he was created.
However, this year, even though November has started, the MBOSE has not sent any notifications and has not sent the application forms to the various centers and the deadlines for submission of application forms. The names of the candidates who wish to sit for the examination in 2021 have not yet been received.
Dohsyiar: Dohsyiar is one of the highest protein sources.
Not only the ILP, the party will continue to fight for the problems of the people in all aspects including education, food and beverages, and others which affect millions in the society.
Shillong: There have been 460 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today, while the number of recoveries has risen to 522 and the death toll has risen to
At the meeting, Rahul stopped speaking for a while, saying, “Please, the heat has increased and then, he took a bottle of water and poured water from his head.
When we believe in the Lord Jesus, it means that we have entered by His grace and we have confidence and hope when we believe in Him. Your Lord.
Polestar Nongsiej MLA candidate from UDP Nongstoiñ constituency was the chief guest.
While the Hon'ble High Court has done what is right by ordering to follow the Roster System according to the allocation of appointments in various positions as it does not exist in the Central Government and other States, it has not set a date. since then it cannot be implemented.
“The Government should not just mislead the people just because the elections are approaching but should implement it immediately as announced in the newspapers,” he added.
He said that this incident is due to the stinginess of the former government led by Dr Mukul Sangma because if the ILP was granted, it would have been easier now but these same people are doing politics to come out and protest against it. “I don't blame the MDCs, these (Congress leaders in the former government) are the same people who were in the government before, they don't do anything, now they come out to fight politics.
As of Friday morning, the death toll has risen to 63 and 43 others have been injured and taken to various hospitals.
The Congress has already announced its prime ministerial candidate , Narendra Modi , but no reply has been received Congress chief Sonia Gandhi said the party will announce its candidate in due course.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has raised its flag in Mawhati constituency today.
We hope that in 2023 we have the hope that this party will be able to work with our support so that we can rule alone in this state,” he said.
For those who continue to buy cows from Khanapara market, he said that they have to be examined by doctors halfway whether the cows they buy are suitable for slaughter.
Those who have the skills and those who want to work for themselves should not apply without a land document.
Shillong: The government's delay in releasing the arrears of the deficit teachers has been due to the lack of clear rules from the government on how to do it.
The final of the tournament was held on the 19th of this month at the PA Sangma Stadium, Tura. In the women's category, Mrong defeated Mangsang, Bolwari and Cheran won the Best Discipline Team. .
Shortly after, it was learned that the Chief Secretary has been urgently invited by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to attend the meeting.
Because of this line, the Governor has the freedom to pass the Bill without any assistance,” said Bah Shylla.
In the XCO Youth category, Kevin Lyngdoh of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) came first, Fabian Khyllait of Eastern West Khasi Hills District came second and Jingshaibor Thongni of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association came second. Middlestar N.Marak of XCO Elite Men came third, Alvindarison Wanniang of Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) came second and Ialamjingshai Mylliem of East Khasi Hills came second. The district is in the third position.
However, the most serious issue is the smuggling of rnga for transportation to the copper factories in this district and to supply rnga to hundreds of copper factories in Byrnihat Ribhoi District.
The celebration was organized by the DC's office, MPMU East Khasi Hills and MBMA.
The state needs about 25,000 tonnes of beef, about 15,000 tonnes of pork and about 14,000 tonnes of fish per annum but the state itself cannot meet even half of this requirement.
The other highest number of cases are Mawdiangdiang with 4 cases and Lummawbah with 5 cases.
But if they were visionaries, they should have asked.
In honor of him, the Executive Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 16th March, 2023, has decided to close down the Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw. and all schools under the jurisdiction of the Seng Khasi Kmie on the 18th March, 2023, which is the last day of the funeral service for the body of this man, so that all those in these places Students of the Seng Khasi Kmie will be able to take part in the last tribute to this leader of the Seng.
But this is an awareness of the challenges many of us face and I firmly believe that if we have the mind to work, we can always achieve.
It was through this Act that the young King Wickliffe Syiem, as a King who had lived to study and work abroad and one of the most intelligent Kings, understood and saw far ahead that the British Government would leave the country. the rule of India later and there will be a problem for his Hima.
More than 4 lakh Common Service Centers (CSCs) also attended the opening ceremony.
On the Common Minimum Program (CMP) of the MDA government, he said the delay in implementing it is due to the lack of mid-term elections.
Shillong, March 4: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not yet taken a final decision on whom it will give the MDC ticket for the mid-term elections from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency.
The Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) has informed the world that the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) will now provide telemedicine to those infected with covid-1 speak to those who live here on earth.
On 26th June, robbers detonated a petrol bomb at the residence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, in Nongmynsong, Shillong.
“The government is committed to improving tourism in the rural areas and this area is also one of the areas that can be developed as a tourist destination,” he said.
As parents to live in these days and guide our children, we need to acquire this wisdom in talking to them and especially in the Word we speak so that our children can see the a good example.
Does India have any role or agreement in sending illegal Muslims to Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan? India has no agreement with these countries to send illegal immigrants to India. kine that country.
He said that in Sohiong constituency in the last 15 years, the MP scheme of Rs 5 crore per annum has not been implemented.
All children must bring xerox copies of their birth certificates at the time of registration.
“We have seen the strong explanation of the MDA government through its leaders and as a party we want to make it clear that the party wants the government to hold a discussion to discuss the law and “The rules of the Lokayukta so that the people of the state can know who they are,” he said.
The coaching fee for CUET is less than 2 lakh tyngka.
The Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) is the employer in the country while the employers in the states are the KVIBs, the District Industry Centers (DIC) and the Coir Board. The office of the Khadi & Village Industries Commission (KIDC) was held at Khadsawphra College, Mairang.
The office bearers appointed for the term 2024-27 are: President: Bah Iengskhem Diengdoh, Vice President: Bah Largest Laso, General Secretary: Bah A. Dapborlang Kharbudon; Secretary: Bah Aimusing Khongjee.
According to the RTI lodged with the PIO Development on 27th October 2020, the PIO said that there is no MDC Scheme to be implemented for the year 2019-2 2019, many work orders have been distributed to the residents of Sohiong-Nongspung Constituency.
“At the same time, she said that the people should understand that the NPP is not a foreign party. They are misleading but it is a bloodshed by the people of Meghalaya.
To achieve the aspirations of the youth who want to stand on their own feet, the Government has approved the Meghalaya Tourism Policy to promote tourism.
If this happens and has happened in some areas, the government's drafting of the Tourism Policy will be in vain or just put in the files to show to the world while the work does not match anything. .
It was also decided to find some more places to set up the Recourse Recovery Center as it is still only in Mawlai Mawroh.
On the demand for a Khasi Prime Minister, Ampareen said, “The demand will have to be in line with the number of MLAs in any political party”. The UDP has only 11 MLAs in all the constituencies, so we don't have the right to demand because we don't have the numbers and the demand will come with the MLAs we don't have and if the Khasi Hills wants a Prime Minister Khasi you have to be united"
The Jaitbynriew needs Para-Ri who love the present because the power of each and every one of us is in the present.
During the programme, the candidate and the BJP leaders encouraged the voters not to waste their votes by requesting them to leave the BJP at this time. to rule the state and especially to give victory to the BJP candidate whom the party will announce soon.
Benami is one of them and is against the purpose and objectives of the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act,
The arrest of the two HNLC suspects came after receiving information that they had received letters demanding money from the HNLC which were distributed to the rich people of Lum Jaintia Hills last month. depth.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem said, “I am one of the youngest chiefs and it is a day to remember. work together".
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Unit of the ABVP recently held a two-day rally in Shillong as part of the Amrit Mahotsav.
He said the government is now ready to call a tender for the construction of the secretariat in Shillong and has set a target to complete the shading within the next five years.
Besides, reports said that Bah Latiplang has immediately refused to join the NPP because he understands that the people have not yet accepted the party in Khasi Hills, but he will stand as an independent candidate to serve. to the people of the constituency.
“As Shanbor has received full training through the coaches for some time, we wish him to play well so that he can win this fourth time,” he added. .
The incident happened at 12 noon and police are investigating the incident and are looking into the video footage recorded through CCTV cameras to identify the robbers.
After one was over, another was waiting nearby.
Throughout the tournament, she has also been scheduled to meet Korean Kim Ga Eun in the first round.
Rocky Dhar said the money was to pay the salaries of his employees as he is a trader.
(B) The Language – The Voice :- The language they speak is difficult to understand that even those who meet them – equally – except those who are neighboring the village understand – because the language cannot be introduced. in characters – of course there are some who are able to speak or write – but many are difficult to write – don't be difficult to write even the villagers because there is no character to write and in the course of I have seen that the language of the people of MARSKUIN has become stronger in the new way.
in Phyllaw of the DC Office.
So far, 11,573 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 120 people have died.
He said that the fight against drugs is not only the work of the law enforcement agencies, he urged all the people to come forward to provide information about drugs and drug traffickers. .
In a letter sent to the Lamphang, the Secretary of the VPP, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, said that the Budget Session is important and affects the entire state.
He said that in the past three years, the Government has introduced measures to protect the environment.
In the rural areas, the census was taken according to the Socio-Economic and Caste Census Booklet to select the people below the poverty line (BPL) issued by the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India in November
Therefore, we urgently demand that the government should not make such changes in the implementation of these two roads, because the people don't know about the big changes, but what they The wish is that they should have a good road and ease of travel, he added.
Dr.P Shylla, Head of Jowai Blood Bank, also gave a speech.
The village of Thangbuli in War Jaintia, which is well known these days, has its own story to explain why it is called by this name.
“I believe that the government should take more stringent measures to punish those who do not return and to select more students from this state like Khasi and Garo so that they can come. I'll come back when I've finished reading,” said Bah Chyne.
After reading an article in the New York Times entitled "Across Cultures" by Seth Mydans.
The DC said that not only the employees of the FCI have been demanded money but the shopkeepers have also received demand letters. to distribute to the people who are in the midst of fear to go to the fields, according to media reports.
When inquired from the people, it was understood that the old vote is no longer stable and there is a lot of controversy. within the Congress party.
When it is thousand, it is thousand, and when it is thousand, it cannot escape.
Police have arrested two persons, Saharul Islam Laskar, 28, and Mamon Ahmed Laskar, 30, residents of Barenga village in Silchar Assam.
More than 19 states and three countries have participated in the 16th National Convention of the All India Poets Conference (AIPC) which started on Friday and will end on 28th June.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Kyndongtuber, Shiwa Siangshai.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, have arrested seven illegal coal trucks coming from Mairang area using Umrit to Umling or Pahammawlein 20mer road. through the road in Ri Bhoi, in order to deliver them to the drop-off points.
“The people should remember that the MLA scheme should be given only to those who are eligible for the MLA scheme, not to everyone,” he said.
“When I registered for the MDC election in 2014, Entry IX of the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 1973 allowed me to become an MDC and MLA. The state wants to abolish this with effect from 1st March
However, the Parliamentary Secretary in charge of Tourism, Bah Kennedy C Khyriem, did not believe this and said that the Delhi Act is different from Meghalaya because Delhi is not a state but a Union Territory. while Meghalaya is a state.
Prestone said there are more than 40 languages ​​which the Government of India has not yet decided on and one of them is the Khasi language.
“If they open for one day, but they close for another month or two, it will cause more suffering, but the Hima authorities' responsibility is to ensure that once opened, it will open more and more with the cooperation of “This disease will never strike again,” he said.
JSM President Leningstar Rymbai and other JSM leaders from various departments were present.
And the word “representation” refers to the representation of the people, or the representation in government jobs equal to the number of paid.
The first seizure of T.20 lakh was made in South West Khasi Hills on 16th October 2019 and another T.3 lakh was seized on 20th October 2019 from Ampati.
After further investigation, police found that these two persons also sold fake certificates of various schools. Police have also seized certificates from Tiny Corner English School in Nongmensong, Gorkha HE School Mawdiangdiang and certificates from other schools. he doesn't complain.
Rejecting the rumors, the party President, Bah KP Pangniang said, “It is not that they have joined the NPP but it is to work with the NPP-led MDA government.” The two HSPDP MLAs include Mawthadraishan MLA Shakliar Warjri who is also the Minister of Sports and Mawshyntur MLA Methodius Dkhar.
He said that it is necessary to establish a party to protect the identity of the ethnic groups because the ethnic groups in Tripura out of 36 lakh now have only 12 lakh people, but they no longer own the land. sand.
From the point of view of the State Government and the Syiem of Mylliem, it seems that the current opinion is far-reaching and if so, it shows that only the Syiem and the KHADC authorities will know better. .
Ronnie V.Lyngdoh said that the implementation of the MRSSA, which has been passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, will prevent the entry of other ethnic groups into Meghalaya. you have touched anyone.
“The Commission has already prepared the questions and it will not affect the examination because they will bring a new one tomorrow, and there is nothing wrong,” he said.
The employees of the Rural Bank have demanded to strengthen the working methods of the bank by withdrawing the RRs Act Amendment Bill, 2015 from the states under NRBI and NABARD, to provide pensions to them. They also demanded to implement the recruitment scheme, to recognize the part time employees, day laborers, casual and contract employees within the bank. salary including Trade Union rights, to remove the report of the SK Mitra Committee, to upgrade from Scale IV to Scale V and others.
In 1914, horses, cars and tanks appeared.
“It shows that they have sold 18.46sqkm without the permission of the land owners, the Hima authorities or the KHADC,” said the Vice President of the Seng, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. HYC Nongtrai Unit on Saturday confirmed the office bearers.
Besides, there are also Khasi residents from Langpih, Mawlan, Iewnongma, Mawdiangsnam, Umwali and Umbyrsit, who have registered themselves on the electoral roll of the Assam government.
Aishwarya Mishra (53.07 seconds) won another medal for India after winning the bronze in the 400m final.
In this regard, the JSM in its consideration, we as the JSM trust the residents of Brichyrnod and Narpuh area as a whole to decide whether or not to allow Star Cement to mine Mawshun from there. The area, because we have also found that in areas like Brichyrnod, the star cement plant is only 10 pawa from the area where the village has coal.
He said that it is the responsibility of the village to protect the river and not to affect the dohum dohpnat and the people who use the water.
In a statement sent by Publicity Secretary Bunbunbirth Marak, the Seng said, “Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has promised to release all the outstanding salaries of SSA teachers once they receive the salaries of SSA teachers. funds from the Central Government and at the same time the salary increase was also discussed.
They said that the coal is auctioned by CIL and not illegally sold,” said Pala.
Those who attended the inspection included Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF, Bah Brister Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Sohkhwai, Bah Diang Namsaw, Rangbah Shnong of Nongtyrlaw Sohkhwai and other village leaders. different.
This will be the time of the second coming of Jesus only in heaven, which human eyes cannot see or the powers in heaven cannot imagine. .
“Sex education needs to be introduced in schools and colleges,” she said.
Not only that, if the NEHU students travel by taxi, the traffic from Motphran to Mawlai on the highway and onwards to Mawtawar will be affected. However, through this clever arrangement of the University, it has been seen that the students of NEHU, come and go quickly and there is no taxi jam, whether in Motphran, Mawlai and even when they come back. from class, but it was seen that the taxis were looking at the buses of the University.
This shocked the Khasi elders of that time and they had to think differently.
I don't know what the FCI has done, what the wholesalers and dealers have done, what the Supply Department has done, what the directors, DDS and Inspectors have done. shai and not to please the people.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the decision to close down non-food shops from the 26th of this month should reduce and prevent people from entering the country. rural areas to climb to Shillong.
This area includes about 150 villages.
Shillong, July 16: Langsning FC have started their 2021-22 Premier League with a 1-0 win over Lajong FC in the first leg of the 2021-22 tournament. match at Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
However, on the other hand, the Mawkyrwat elders took the initiative to attend.
The two women, Finie Suchiang, 18, and Arkini Suchiang, 12, from Mulieh village escaped death.
Speaking at a meeting with the office bearers of the NPP Block Sohiong in Umsaw, Gavin said that Ampareen's family has been serving the people for 50 years since her father, the late Peter. G Marbaniang.
The search for the dead and injured is also ongoing in Dailekh, Salyan and Rolpa districts.
He said that a meeting will be convened soon to take a decision of the government on this.
Danny M.Khyrïem reminded that the KSU Sengkmie has recently launched the Maitshaphrang Khasi League 2020 Cricket Tournament. game.
On the 12th of this month, the Congress formed the NPP in Ranikor constituency in the presence of NPP leaders Conrad K Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar and James K Sangma. and other party leaders including Martin M Danggo.
On the other hand, the agricultural experts promised to assist the farmers to fight against these diseases by using scientific methods.
It is for this reason that 39 MPs have elected me as the Secretary General of the North East MPs' Forum.
When they investigated, it was reported that Hep had killed the sister of Bah Let, because of the land of his mother.
However, the Congress Party, which has ruled the Government for the longest time, has not been able to do anything.
Bah SK Dewkhaid said that no one dared to turn to Bah Aiban because of his change of appearance and Bah Aiban told the people that they should leave. He went home because he was already dead and he said that he was just waiting for the boss.
The remains will be buried on the 9th of this month at the Presbyterian Church Jaïaw, Shillong.
George said that at present there are about 1.5 lakh households who have registered to benefit from the scheme which the TMC has promised to provide financial support and the BJP intends to appeal to the Election Commission. of India has said that the BJP is against these poor people who have been waiting for financial support from the TMC government when it comes to power.
The persecution of the Church from within prevents that strong family relationship.
On this day, the ksing, dhah and tangmuri sound and express the symbols of the religion.
There are also many problems and shortcomings in the country, the people and the world will watch him how he will tackle those problems that the country faces.
Sparsh Sewa tied 30 runs off 29 balls and Faizan Mondal 25 runs off 28 balls.
If we continue to do this, we will soon be like Delhi where even the clean air cannot breathe and many people who need something have fled the village.
Before Mawlai could score again, Lajong had a chance when Shano Tariang shot the ball against the net but Siwel who scored the goal. don't throw the ball sharud.
The death of this woman has something behind it and it is highly suspected that her husband Fortunate Pala after killing her husband, to hide his crime, threw her into a tyllai phasi in the kitchen and killed her. They also tried to kill the eldest son of this woman in the river near their house on Jowai Bypass, but the child survived and was able to tell what happened to him and his mother. who is home.
Shillong, July 11: Mawkhar Sports Club and Lawsohtun Sports Club beat Lawsohtun Sports Club 2-2 in the First Division of the Shillong Sports Association on Friday. First Ground , Polo.
Additional Deputy Commissioner BBlah, ADC FB Basan and ADC DV Lyngdoh were present on the occasion.
Achiku has always expressed his desire to get his own state, Garoland, and that Hynniewtrep should also want to get its own state. .
“About 20 trucks of phan are delivered to the market every day,” said the owner of Phan at Iew Dielang.
Today, there is no slap at all in these three places.
The bus stand is located on Cunningham Road and is maintained by the Bengaluru Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC).
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 4 cases from outside the state.
Young men, you are the soldiers of the country.
It is on this basis that our eyes see, but we are blind, our ears hear, but we are deaf and if we remain blind and deaf, a great danger awaits our small people in this state.
Shillong, March 4: Thousands of Class XII students of Meghalaya have flocked to Madan Polo to receive the Tablet from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. given for them.
According to the guidelines/criteria of the ECI, any political party registered with the ECI, if it wins or has an MLA, four (4) or more parties in the States of India shall be recognized as National Parties of India.
Explaining on the allegation that the NPP leaders in Ranikor do not allow the NPP leaders to meet with the Prime Minister who is also the National President, Prestone said that this is a statement that He and the Prime Minister have already met with Bah Dangngo and NPP leaders from Ranikor to discuss many issues related to their demands.
The project was implemented by the hard work of the Shiphew Hima and Shiphew Elaka, the Elders of the Arliang Hima Wah Umiam Mawphlang Welfare Society, which includes the Rangbah, Longkmie from these Shiphew Hima. Elaka with the support of Community Forest International (CFI-USA).
“For two years, we have prepared this Act,” said Bah Bindo. He added that the Mineral Resources Act also clearly states that the environment should be protected and water sources should be protected. , should protect the people from the storm, not to throw garbage and said that even after the completion of the excavation, the wells should be covered well. , crematoria, planting trees, building playgrounds and other local needs.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladathadlaboh and the JHADC have decided to temporarily close the market until further notice.
inThe last date for online application is 17:00 hrs on 15th November 2018.
Don't think about anything else once you've lighted the skei.
Dr. Lyngdoh said this while replying to the Zero Hour question by VPP North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on the RTI reply of Disparsing Rani. T.43 crore has been allocated to fight against COVID-19 in the State.
However, when it came to the discussion on the railway line, the union of Rangbah Shnongs has expressed to the government that it cannot accept it at all. rules and regulations to protect the authorities and to implement the VAB which they have been demanding for many years.
If they receive bad rice, they should complain so that the government can take the necessary action and urged the people not to be afraid to link their Adhaar Card with their Ration Card.
From the Editor & Publisher and all the staff of Rupang and Riwar Offset Press.
These goods have also been handed over to the Custom Office for further action according to the rules of law.
“Education is an invaluable wealth that can be given to the students forever in their lives,” said Bah Hek while urging the students to dedicate themselves to education so that the hard work of the Dorbar The village and the parents will not be destroyed.
In this meeting, it was suggested to conduct a compound course in the subject of Mathematics because as it is now, the Meghalaya Board of School Education has selected three subjects to pass or best of five, where about 90 percent of children do not take mathematics.
As a teacher, he used to look and see every day at the Dieng Kseh opposite the school.
“I have explained to them that they should wait until the appointment of the Regional Committee and after that they will be invited to discuss thoroughly with the necessary documents. Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma have already decided to appoint these committees within 15 days.
The Central Government has defended the scheme saying that only legal funds have been donated to political parties through the channels to be followed according to the directives of the banks.
On the same day, the Resubelpara Block Youth Congress Committee was formed with the participation of tens of thousands of supporters including youth and former Congress leaders.
Those who participate in this computer training do not have to pay.
Only the syllabus of the first and second semesters of the UG course has been approved by the same AC, and the syllabus of the seven semesters has not been discussed at any level - such as the Board of Studies. , the School Board and the Academic Council.
Liquor shops recognized by the government authorities have been allowed to open for seven days in East Khasi Hills District and the shops allowed to open daily are pharmacies, wholesale and retail. , pharmacies and veterinary clinics, petrol pumps, food shops, car manufacturing factories, trucks on the highways, self-employed workers, light builders, water pipe builders, computer builders and wooden mystery shops.
These AWCs employees have complained to the Ministry from time to time about these mawjynthut and requested to replace them with other types of food that are healthy and that the children also eat well. The Social Welfare Department has been the supervisor of these private contractors without believing whether it is true or not for the benefit of these beneficiaries.
In the pre quarter of the Under-17 category, Police Public SS beat Govt Girls H/SS 1-0 goals. SS Amlarem beat Adventist H/S School 3-2 in the tie breaker.
This custom of Ai-jait women has brought about confusion in the land of Hynniewtrep and has led to the creation of those laws “Khiahshipun”, “Khardkhun”, “Kadawkhla”, “Masawkhli”, “Surawkhli”. the custom “Khasiit.
Shillong, November 16: Purnima Subba, resident of Jhalupara, has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri PS that on 26th November 2013, Kunti Limbu, resident of Rynjah, has demanded money from her. 8 lakh tyngka, but she did not repay the loan.
He said that the opening of the school will provide education to the children of the area on par with the schools in the countryside and also the school will also help the parents from the expenses of food. The MLA appealed to the public to join hands with the leader so that he can bring about many development projects for the benefit of the villages. and the District as a whole.
Lamare, a resident of Madanrting Block F, surrendered to the police on Saturday, police said.
When they left the restaurant while they were getting off the stairs to go downstairs, Sandra said that she would be surprised when she got home.
Then he shall enter into places where even the angels have to think twice.
Not all aspects are like that, but we see that these things don't need to be mentioned or explained, but only a few aspects are important.
In South West Garo Hills, 2 cases have been reported.
Therefore, if you really love the nation as a whole, please show us your advice and correct our mistakes.
If you don't want to go to North Korea.
Therefore, in his speech, he suggested that the teachings should not only be given in the homes, but also in the churches. He also quoted the words of the Bible, “Train up a child in the way he should go, and he will not turn aside from it. I don't know what to do when I'm old.
A 21-year-old youth was attacked and killed by another wild elephant while returning home to his village at Alokpang in Siju area, South Garo Hills. of the first day.
The ruling MDA has decided to contest against Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP while the opposition Congress has decided to contest against Winnerson D Sangma.
Then, they began to draft the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) and to withdraw foreign funding from Christians in India.
He said that Conrad's remarks have increased the value of his position as Prime Minister.
Nongpoh: Many families from Umtham village in Ri Bhoi District, yesterday received many necessary items in the village through the Swachh Bharat Mission, an agency in collaboration with the PHE department, for the purpose of to bring about a clean environment in the villages.
We have to work hard from the start,” said Liversonawphniaw.
“We are preparing as a committee to meet with the Prime Minister to discuss our issues,” he said.
He also questioned the closure of the road for more than three years and the patrolling by the CRPF which has affected the traffic.
He said the government has also allocated funds for the reconstruction of the office of the Block Development Officer (BDO) and the foundation stone will be laid soon for the reconstruction of the office of the BDO of Pynursla.
According to the Khasi custom, only men are allowed to take part in the dorbar and to be Rangbah Shnong as well as members of the Executive Committee of the villages.
IAID forward.
The Vice President of the NPP, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has admitted that the former MLA of Mawsynram, who recently joined the NPP, is one of the new faces. “We are still looking for a new face, but we have not decided on the candidates, there are many who want to contest from the NPP,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Speaking on the experience and disseminating to other ethnic groups from all over the world about our state, she said that no one knows about Meghalaya, but they know only about India.
“The EC will award scholarships to the students or researchers who will come forward and this will be handed over to the EM in charge of education to do and complete the scholarship. “It's necessary this month,” said Bah Pynïaid.
The meeting was attended by Bah T. Umïong President of the Union, Bah Sirbuss Langrin, Sordar of Maweit, Bah Orius Thongni Secretary of the Union and others. .
He said that many of them have not left the Congress party because about 80% of the Congress supporters from Umroi, Nongthymmai and Mawsynram are still with the Congress party. Sutnga Saipung only 5% of the votes did not follow the MLA who left the Congress party.
Isn't this another constitutional anomaly? Therefore, in conclusion, I am sorry but I have to tell the truth according to my experiences as I have mentioned above:
This organization was established in June this year.
He said the purpose of this is to promote the fish farming industry where farmers should no longer farm only for food but to sell to increase their income to support their families.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Congress, said that at the time of drawing up the calendar for the session, the opposition MLAs accepted the government's request to hold the session for a few days because the officers were not able to hold the session. but it was agreed to extend the term of the dorbar.
He also urged all the students of the district to do well in their studies at various levels and the union expects that many more students will come forward in their studies. Samla Larisa's HSSLC examination has brought honor not only to her parents or the school but to the entire district and also to the district. The country and the Khasi people as a whole.
In that incident, the students were made to sit outside the bus at the bus stop until all the passengers had boarded the bus.
The incident happened this morning, when the coal truck was carrying coal from West Khasi Hills with the intention of delivering it to Byrnihat, by passing through the road, entering from Mairang to Umrit and leaving to Umling.
The meeting was conducted by P.Lyngdoh Mawnai and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah R.Turnia and the blessing prayer was delivered by Pastor (Dr) S.Iawphniaw.
That is why the Word of God says – they say, “Peace, peace, Peace where there is no peace” (Jeremiah 6:14).
If the government has given the authority to burn the body of Dr. Sailo in Jhalupara, no doubt this month the state will suffer especially at this time.
The Indian government has rejected a separate flag and a separate constitution for Nagaland, as demanded by the NSCN-IM. suloi, you are not able to accept.
The two organizations also urged the Meghalaya government to develop and encourage the youth of the state in terms of tourism by educating the youth on the benefits of tourism.
He said that from the Karbi side, Assam police came and from Lapangap side, Saitsama Police Outpost came to protect them.
So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.—Matthew 24:32-3
Chief Election Officer FR Kharkongngor, Chief Election Officer, FR Kharkongngor, today, at 10.45 pm, seized T.6.4 lakh from Hallydayganj. T.4,80,000 was seized from Saha and T.1,60,000 from F Seikh at 11 pm.
Manuela Vanegas' 97th minute goal gave Germany the lead against Colombia.
Card, carrying a rifle, shot at passers-by and at the time of writing, he is still on the run.
The students of NEIAH said that they will continue their strike until they get their demands.
Referring to the fact that GNM and BSC students were previously appointed for MLHP posts in the state, the groups said that the Mission Director has acted at his own discretion in connection with this recent incident. that he will be investigated.
This is because the incident has affected your feelings.
Because the park is adjacent to the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University.
He performed at the International Festival on Inter-Cultural Dialogue between the North East and South East Asia (2010).
He spoke about the tourism opportunities in the area and said that the bridge construction projects which have been pending for decades have now been completed.
) In the days of Job :- came upon His house, Job 1:19, “ And, behold, a great wind came from the wilderness, and smote the men of the house round about; and it fell upon the young men, and they died.
The existence of two capitals is also found in other states of India in order to bring about good governance for all.
Nongpoh: Two youths were arrested by the Byrnihat Police Station on Tuesday morning on a Suzuki Z900 motorcycle without number plate.
The overdue distribution of medicines came to light after the union received a complaint from a patient who went to collect medicines on the 1st of this month. The Nongpoh Civil Hospital has distributed expired medicines without checking the expired medicines.
As I said earlier, fear should be based on facts and not just fear. Let's talk briefly about what quarantine is. Quarantine as we know it today is the quarantine of staying alone in a room or in any place designated for staying alone.
According to Agnes, the lawyers who appeared in the court today belonged to several MLAs/MDCs including the lawyer of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is the MLA/MDC of Mairang.
Similarly, in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the contest in 2023 will be between the UDP and the NPP. There are no people who have joined the Congress or any other party except here and there who have joined the HSPDP. The interesting thing is that all the parties are in this government from NPP, UDP, BJP, Congress. , HSPDP, PDF and independent candidates, how can they go to the people if many of the issues they promised do not work.
If you look at other Christian churches, the most popular is the name Pastor and there is no special explanation in the Khasi language.
The emergency meeting of the JYF held on the 13th of this month has decided to continue the protest against the government's decision to allow admission to the government school.
Shillong: An elderly woman and a young child have been killed in a tragic incident in Nongstoiñ village under West Khasi Hills District on the night of 23rd July were brutally murdered by robbers in their own residence, but the incident was discovered on the morning of 24th April 2021 by the relatives of the couple.
Abubenathem went back a second time and the angel asked him what he had done in this world and Abubenathem replied that he had helped and served his fellow men.
The party's support for the issues of Bhalang such as the government's resolution on ILP, Entry and Exit Points and MRSA has become a major obstacle for the NPP-led MDA government. Not only these corruption cases but if there are those who investigate, there are still many cases of corruption in every department of the government.
He said that the new Panchakarma Block and the fully equipped Ayush Laboratory are steps to help improve the quality of Ayush treatment in the region and this will benefit the people of Assam and to all the people of the east.
Five policemen were reportedly killed in the fighting, one of whom went missing.
“The counting of votes will be held after 48 hours on the 2nd of October at 8 pm and there will be 13 polling stations across the state and 22 polling stations have been set up. They will guard the Strong Rooms,” said Bah Kharkongor.
He said that the cleaning of the river was started on 26th June, 2013 in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem and the villages.
Shillong: Two people have lost their lives in a fire at the Church of God in Quallapatty, which was nearby, according to reports.
Our Prime Minister has done a lot of good for the people of the country, we pray that God will guide and guide him from time to time.
Many candidates of various parties will lose without thinking just because of the pride and dictatorship of these party leaders in this MLA election. will be available in 2023.
At the same time, he thanked the Mawkyrwat Village Council for giving him permission to set up a health center inside the village which will be a way to provide services to the people in need. medical assistance.
Another driver of a commercial taxi number ML 06 9204 fled the scene.
Upper New Nongstoiñ beat Mawkawah 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Thus we find this star not only in the leaves or in the body of a plant or tree, but we also find it in all the seeds, or in the seeds or in the part of the plants underground, When the leaves have converted the water and the air which we call carbon dioxide into starch or sugar, such as rice, this food is made of leaves passes on to other parts of the plant.
In this incident, a mini truck was also damaged.
However, the toll gate operators continue to implement FASTag and charge fines to vehicles without FASTag.
U Bah BS Lyngdoh said that the construction of the 2 lane road in the area will not bring any benefits but will be an injury to the lives of people.
At the same time, he called on the children and men who have reached the age of majority to get the Covid Vaccine so that we can eradicate this rapidly spreading and terrible disease.
Shops are closed on Sunday.
He said that he has the spirit of serving the people since ancient times through the footsteps of Bah HDR Lyngdoh who is his son.
Therefore, the government should have confidence and whatever they take on any issue, they should take action to see the fruits of victory,” he said.
Synsar is exported to all parts of India and is used for household purposes.
There is also a statement that Article 371, Article 244 (2) and the Sixth Schedule will be abolished.
“We have decided to unite to fight against corruption which affects the society especially the poor who suffer from the misuse of government power,” said Kong Agnes Kharshiing. newspaper.
There are 497 recoveries and 9 deaths.
Kenedy said the Association supports the Government and the State Police who have worked hard to eradicate such thefts of fuel and strongly condemns any violence by the Police such as The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) has said this.
It is to be recalled that the employees of JHADC have protested against the lack of salary for more than 7 months even during the lockdown across the country.
Hamad Hassan ….
suppliers and only big shot suda and there is no space left for the thousands and thousands of people but they want to break and move away and there is no space left for the knowledgeable or skilled in the field but it shall be empty, and it shall be empty.
These SBI Card Agents also harass the customers and when they go to inquire about the missing money from the Credit Card, they don't know how to answer and refer the problem to others.
“Mom, I'm so sorry I'm pregnant now.
Rio, who is the NDPP candidate from Northern Angami-II constituency, has filed his nomination papers for the post of Additional Deputy Commissioner of Chiephobozou, while Patton has filed his nomination papers for the post of Additional Deputy Commissioner of Chiephobozou. He, who is the BJP candidate from Tyui Assembly Constituency, has gone to register his nomination papers at the office of the Returning Officer of Tyui Assembly Constituency.
Who will stop? Where are those Syiems, Sirdars, Ministers, where have they gone, when the Government authorities have given you what you want? Who else will look after those land plots and such things? Those Seng Bhalang who really carry out the work of the people, how much will they support, because there will be others who will knieh lang, forbibor lang. to benefit.
The Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has allocated T.8,00,000/- for the victims of the fire in Thadlaskein C&RD Block. Thadlaskein.
Looking back on 2018, the number of voters increased by 18%, with 4,29,062 new voters registered from the 2018 census.
In the second match, Mawlai SC beat Ïasnohktilang SC 5-0, in which three players scored 10 goals each, including C.Nongtdu (10min), M. Nongrum (13), W.Marweiñ (23), M.Songthiang (29) and F.Sympli (58min).
When the Raid Madan Kyrdem officials inquired about the power outage in the area, the answer was that only 33Kv of electricity has been used in the area, which has been a big problem for the raid. electricity department to provide electricity supply throughout the area.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mairang, today announced that a statue of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem will be erected in Mairang.
“The investigation is ongoing to register more cases against those involved and to arrest the persons or groups who used to live in the shops. does not demand money within the city.
MLAs Metbah Lyngdoh, Lahkmen Rymbui, Kyrmen Shylla and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The Syiem and the Dorbar Hima have issued an order to all the shopkeepers, shopkeepers and neighboring residents of the area not to come and open their shops so that the work can go smoothly and there will be no incident. what is the answer.
Even the publicity is disturbed because they play songs...it's a good thing... noise pollution...I don't know why they broadcast like that, because we can hear it too.
On the other hand, the Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Bah Richard Uriah, said that from today onwards, only one or two students came to the school. We will have to ensure that it is in accordance with the rules laid down by the government.
After testing, the powder was found to be heroin and all the powder was heroin worth about T.18 lakh.
Speaking as the Chief Guest before the launch of the Mobile App, Patricia Mukhim said, “I am the first person to introduce such services.
And when we examine the development of these foreign villages, we can no longer say that our Khasi people are still a nation of slaves or a nation of slaves that is not strong and unstable.
He said that the present government has exercised power and does not listen to anyone, not even the parties in the government. He said that this is evident from the letter sent by the UDP party. The CLP leader said that the government has tried to reconcile with those petrol pump owners who have not paid their taxes for three years. once is illegal.
In terms of economy and economic development, the Central Government has invested in the states in the North East almost in line with what India has benefited from the region.
He said that the Karbi people have alleged that the four houses in the fields have been burnt down by the Khanduli people and he explained how the Khanduli people burned their own houses. .
The media from the public says so, except for the shikham, arkham of the big traders who don't understand each other.
He said that South West Khasi Hills District is new and needs officers to have some time to learn and understand the conditions of the area and the people so that it will be easier to bring and to manage development schemes.
Within a few days, the AAPSU was able to help the Khasi girl through the request of the KSU and the Khasi girl returned home safely.
The report on the discussions from the district leaders will soon be sent to the State Election Committee (SEC), which will decide on the candidates for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats.
The program was held at the Executive Engineer, PHE Hall where Bah S.Najiar, Executive Engineer, PHE Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
Speech was also delivered by Soradini K Sangma, wife of the party founder (L) Purno A Sangma.
Samrat Choudhary, the BJP chief leader in Bihar, today criticized Kumar's announcement to dissolve the Cabinet after a meeting with Congress President Akhilesh Singh.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, today visited the Church of God, Qualapaty Shillong, which burnt down in the fire incident. On the morning of the 17th of this month, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, donated his own salary which amounted to T.2 Lak.
When they saw this, they were glad, for they understood that nothing bad had happened to him.
According to sources, Latiplang will hold the biggest portfolio which may be the Elaka or Trade portfolio which he used to hold earlier during his tenure as CEM Ardent M Basaiawmoit and Mr. Adelbert Nongrum.
Now I would like to ask the PRESSURE GROUP who have always opposed this development, do you agree with this action of the MDA Government?? The people of the country and the nation want to know your vision and position.
In a letter to the SDO (Civil), Amlarem, KSU-WJC President Lop S Khonglah said, “This incident is not new.
Those who protest, support and participate should understand that this is not a matter of hatred or enmity against anyone or any ethnic group but a protest against the government authorities. task.
John F Kharshiing was elected as the President of the Wrestling Association of Meghalaya. Rissanwell Lajong, Treasurer Johnny Nongrum, and 11 Executive Members.
I say this because I have never seen until these days the police will investigate Vicky Dey who has insulted and accused the Khasi people in forty ways.
When I look at the mass protests in parts of the North Eastern States regarding the CAB 2016 introduced by the NDA government, led by the BJP at the Centre.
In addition, according to the data collected, the literacy rate in Mashynrut Block has increased to 57.26%.
It was also understood that no election campaign rally should be held without the permission of the DC's office and the approval of the Rangbah Shnong.
During the inspection, illegal smuggling, trafficking and transportation of rnga was found in many places, especially in Sohjarang and Pathar Lyndan areas for delivery to factories in Ribhoi district.
These two innings took more than two hours to complete and Nagaland had to fight hard to avoid defeat to win the title and thus fought hard in the next round. in the new year to score 334 runs for five wickets.
The VI Open Knockout Football Tournament 2022 was held at St. Fernando High School on November 27, 2013 at St. Fernando High School. Weiloi FC beat Mawkynroh FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
However, if the NPP is still able to attract more MLAs from other parties in the next few months, it will put the coalition parties in a state of shock and cause them to fall. shall remain in office until the end of the three years in the government.
John said he is pleased to work with the Congress party since November
There will also be a Sub-Committee on Security and Law and Order headed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister and Home Minister to look into the matter of peace and order. working of the Police Department in the State.
“KHNAM has already sent a letter to the State Government to take the same measures and cancel the personal interview.
This promotion is also part of the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of Seiñraij Upper Primary School SSA Wahiajer (1998-2023).
The request came after the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in a meeting with the Contract School Teachers who have protested against the government to allow them to sit for the MTET examination and it will also consider the age and marks for them.
On the other hand, the JAC said that this action of the KHADC officers may have something behind the scenes between the people of the Syiem and the District Council and if anything happens later, the KHADC will have to take responsibility.
Ksehsylle Ialong beat Samaro 2-0
The patient was admitted to NEIGRIHMS in the past few days.
The Shillong-Pynursla-Dawki road has been constructed at a cost of Rs 1500 crore because there will be no construction of the Umshyrpi road,” he said.
Many of those who spoke on the occasion, expressed their satisfaction with the declaration of a public holiday by the government on the day of 'Shad Sajer' in Ri Bhoi, which is also a sign of respect for this traditional Shad. the people or the children of thousands can preserve their customs and traditions which have been passed down from generation to generation.
However, these words are accepted by the Khasi people as a whole as words of love, of honor and also as words of adequate and without any immorality.
Many Khasi youths have parents who are rich and wealthy, but their service to their children is very low and one of the reasons is that their parents The fathers are stupid themselves or it can be said that it is the first generation of schooling and therefore, the children go astray and the fathers do not think carefully.
The office bearers of the UDP Women's Wing are A. Kharsyntiew, President A. Kharsyntiew, Secretary Aikmenhun Syiem, Joint Secretary Nabaker Nongsiej, E. Marshra and P Lyngdoh, Treasurer C. Nongsiej, Organizer W. Nongsiej. PDkhar, M Lyngdoh, S Syiemlieh, B Syiem, A Syiem, Olmeba Nongrang and Medalin Lyngdoh.
We expect that in November, we will meet again to review the reports and progress of the work of the various committees,” said the Chief Minister.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to prevent the deterioration of agricultural products and to deliver agricultural products for sale to all the villages in the state, the Meghalaya government has appointed the '1917iTEAMS' to work with the DCs of all districts of the state to transport agricultural products from the farmland.
Shillong, July 11 : Shillong Lajong FC beat Rangdajied United FC 3-0 in the first leg of the Meghalaya State League 2023 on Saturday. Mawlai SC beat Khliehmawlieh 1-0 on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Iengskhem Diengdoh and the Headmistress of the school, Kong B.Tham, welcomed all those who attended the ceremony.
Thank youEric NongkynrihSports SecretaryKhasi Students' UnionCentral Executive Council.
“The target is to complete the construction of the College and Hospital by November 2024 as the work has already started.
It is through this spirit that God uses man to receive the Holy Spirit.
On the other hand, the Sordar, Bah Hering, expressed his gratitude to all those who made the project a success.
The shortage of water supply to some villages in Shillong has caused a lot of trouble to the residents.
However, the opposition of various political parties and groups is because the Sixth Schedule does not work and does not prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
Speaking to reporters, some of the children who will take part in the competition expressed their happiness to be selected to represent the state.
Heinrich Klaasen scored 47 runs off 48 balls (4x6s & 2x4s).
In Khasi Hills, it has reached Byrnihat, although there is a plan to reach the new Shillong.
The statement recalled that after the passing of the Ar maloi Act, Bah Pynshngaiñ did not resign at all and said that he stands on the grounds that he was elected by the people and will complete his term of office. Five years, the statement said that Bah Pynshngaiñ has changed his mind and left the people.
Nearly 1,400 residents actively participated in various clean-up activities.
He said that until now, nothing has been received about the deterioration of rice in the state.
Officials who attended the meeting included Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki, I.A.S., Director, Urban Development; Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Department of Urban Affairs; Bah E.Kharumnuid, Mission Director, Swachh Bharat Mission, Meghalaya and others.
The factory started its existence (on paper) on 20th June, 1955, and was called Assam Cements Limited.
These One Stop Centers can provide advice not only to women who have been abused.
He also alleged that there have been cases showing the involvement of the prime minister and rebel groups such as surrendered members of the GNLA including its chairman Champion R Sangma, which appear to have been arranged.
He said he has not met Dr Mukul since 2012 and does not want to meet him, but he will meet him after he wins the election next year.
Out of these 108 students, from class XII, 12 students came first, 20 students came second and 9 students came third.
On the 20th and 21st March 2020, the Bank will be open only for essential services, but will not be open for public services.
Every year in the month of June, the children of Niamtre prepare for the coming of Behdienkhlam, the religion in which the Lord from above will come down to earth to stay for four days and three nights (Soo Sngi). Le Iaw) and the sons of the wicked.
It was also pointed out that such announcements are against the Prohibition of Indecent Representation of Women and Children Act, 2008 passed by the Government of India.
Police have also conducted a thorough investigation.
This is after the state witnessed many natural disasters in the past month.
How can the children not get sick when the mothers have said almost every day that the children are sick?
This river is also the supply of water to Sanmer.
However, once the road is completed, if you go up from Nongshillong to Mawthadsaraishan and stay overnight at Mawphanlur, it is very easy and it is very close.
This is the vision that they have spoken and clapped their hands in the Assembly only when the Governor speaks Hindi.
However, there were only 2-3 policemen sleeping day and night and near their house, it was full of bottles of kyiad and plastic.
In the final, Mookhep won the toss and elected to bat first and allowed Sohkymphor to tied for 115/7 in 20 overs.
At the meeting, the village authorities and residents welcomed the project which is currently in the process of being implemented with the aim of increasing income and creating opportunities. There are no jobs for the youth in this village.
He also reminded that as residents they should remember to take good care of the environment because man lives together with the environment.
13:22 – For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.13:23 – But take care! Behold, I have told you all these things.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District has registered a case under Section 144 CrPC for violating the election rules.
Even though there is a ban on holding public meetings and programs due to this disease, and the daily increase in the number of cases in the State, let the leaders and members of the Church shall receive the rich blessings of God in the fellowship of unity and love.
Thus, since 2000, the climb of Lum Sohpetbneng has been started by Bah Sumar Sing Sawian and Bah Dipshon Nongbri who is also the present resident of Rynsan.
The boxer won the title at the Pro Fight Night of the National Muaythai Championship in Tamil Nadu.
Superintendent and others, they found that there are many foreign shops, which do not have Trading License and some of them have not been renewed.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle today closed down two central government offices including a bank for not giving a holiday today despite the anniversary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khliehriat Circle. the death of King Tirot Singh.
On the other hand, the KSU Barak Valley Circle Assam has already taken up this task and has also held talks with the Mizoram Chief Minister Zirlai Paul (MZP) and the Hmar People's Convention (Democrats) Chief Minister. HPC -D) for solving this problem.
u Sunshine:.
But this incident that the Lord has allowed, He has a purpose to bless again after all that incident that they have experienced.
However, on the day of announcing the names of the MLAs who won the Assembly elections, PM Modi had announced his support for Conrad Sangma.
The program was also attended by Mrs. Badashisha Rapsang, NYV, Mawphlang Block.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinGood Friday is the day to commemorate the death of Jesus on the first Thursday after the full moon in the sky.
“As it is, the remote areas of the state are in difficulty where the nearby areas have to wait for goods and essential needs.
The Council also demanded that paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule should be amended to transfer the three Municipal Areas to the District Council.
They expect the government to do whatever is necessary to increase the MLA scheme to Rs 2 crore.
“He also informed that the party in the state is still waiting for the order from the central leadership to prepare for the Lok Sabha next year.
And the ultimate goal is the development of families and communities, the growth and welfare of the people and the people as a whole.
Mukul, who is also the Parliamentary Party Leader of the AITC, also pointed out the frauds in the implementation of the FOCUS scheme by the MDA. With your help, we have launched the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Project.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle has raided a shelter home at Harrison Bridge, Shillong.
On the other hand, police have received information that some members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) have been threatening the people to deposit money in their bank accounts. North Garo Hills, after being affected by the withdrawal of 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the passage of the Farm Bills in Parliament will be a blessing to the farmers. well from before.
“The glory belongs to God who has given me the talent and I have the intention to compose songs while I can so that I can convey the message through the lyrics,” he said.
The Sports Department of NEHU Shillong has decided to continue the Inter College Football Tournament. Tournament (for men) from 21st April
The UDP students also complained about the lack of internet access to pay for food and the delay of the District authorities in issuing Scheduled Tribe Certificates, which has affected the enrollment of students in classes. different colleges.
“But I used to say that when you point, you should remember because when you point to the other three fingers, they point to themselves.
Bah Gideon Kharkongor has worked hard to promote cricket in the state despite the pandemic.
“We urge the Ministry of Education to appoint other qualified teachers in this school as soon as possible so that the students can get education, not just to dismiss the teachers and not appoint more.
After the arrest, Anan Tanti was also seriously injured after being shot by the state police for his involvement in fleeing immediately after the arrest.
Other speakers included the Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong, Bah P Warjri, Bah B Khonglah, former Rangbah Shnong of Dongkadiang, Bah R Kharkrang, Rangbah Dong, Bah Henry Kharmuti, Secretary. who conducted the meeting among others including the residents.
One of the reasons could be the change in some of the games.
The reason why the KSU has opposed the railway line in the state is because the state government has not yet implemented any laws to enforce the railway line. to fight against the illegal entry of mynder into the state and to endanger the minority community in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Agartala: Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Dev today said that 12 Border Security Forces (BSF) personnel have tested positive for coronavirus. reached 16 people.
Bah Lyngdoh said that in the past, this has never happened where the implementation of schemes has been smooth and efficient.
However, when the tipbriew tipblei is taken away from a person, his manners, dignity and relationships with others become weak, destructive, painful and painful.
Similarly, it does not matter if the teachings of the Christian churches are followed, if individuals are careful not to succumb to Western thinking.
In the first match of the Under-17 Boys' category, Amwi Jarain SS beat Modern SS Ialong 4-2 by a tie breaker.
Leaders of KHADC under the leadership of CEM today met with the Chief Minister to discuss the Ordinance promulgated by the Government on the empowerment of Rangbah Shnong and the implementation of the Housing Act. The meeting was attended by Defense Minister Roshan Warjri, Urban Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh and government officials.
The signing of the India-Myanmar border and the abolition of the FMR are unacceptable to the Zo ethnic groups.
“If it was only under the Governor, with only one word from the Council of Ministers, the Central Government could have repealed the law.
He was taken to Gauhati Medical College Hospital where he is in critical condition as the fire has reached 100 percent, said the Superintendent of the hospital, Dr Ramen Talukdar. They also threatened to disrupt the land allocation program of the state government at Sankara Deva Kalakshetra today.
Others who attended the meeting included the Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Lyngkor Kynjing who was the chief guest in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Bah Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Shnong of Tympang Dorbar Shnong, Bah Eddystone Shylla.
He said that Bah Nongrum and his friends were taken around the rural areas to meet with the manufacturers. teach them how to market their products online.
In the quarterfinals of the Under-17 boys category, Little Flower H/S School beat Amwi-Jaraiñ Secondary School 2-1 HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Marian Hill H/S School 3-1
Babul Doley took two wickets and Tanay took one wicket for Power Grid.
“This Act empowers us to participate in the society, but if this candidate says this, it condemns us,” said Kong Bertina Lyngdoh.
In democracy, it is our right to protest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shakliar urged and encouraged the youth to take responsibility for training in sports and said that the state government has come forward to try. to provide the best for youngsters who have new sports talents.
It has an area of ​​104 Sq.
“This figure was provided by the Ministry of Education of the Union Government and the Meghalaya Government especially the Education Department has decided to take action on this and will investigate the reasons for the children should not register in primary schools and upper primary schools,” said Rakkam.
That is, after Cain was driven out of the earth because he killed Abel, God allowed him to flee to the land of Nod, a land inhabited by his descendants. Lilith and he was married there.
He said that through this road, from the entrance from Umran Niangbyrnai to Quinine, the parts of this road are good and make it easier for the people to travel, but it is sad that only because The deterioration of the 1 km road has caused a lot of suffering to the people and especially to the believers who intend to attend the Synod service in the village.
There is a great deal of difficulty and confusion in the working of the Hima Mylliem and the District Council in Shillong, as some parts of Shillong are under their jurisdiction and other parts are outside. their powers.
Its atmosphere lacks some gases, and its temperature seems to be sufficient for life, although it is much colder than on earth.
She said that the Waheh Shnong has decided to issue Job Cards to the residents if they agree and his arrangement is to deposit up to 3,000 tyngka and the Job Card holders will have to deposit only 1500 tyngka to the villagers. he.
Jowai, Nailar 28: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2023 of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) is underway at Kiang Nangmihbah Stadium. Jowai.
Rejecting the Zero Hour, the Lamphang said the incident took place outside Meghalaya and therefore, the debate in the Legislative Assembly cannot be accepted.
Regarding this decision, the FKJGP leader urged other people to cooperate, but for those who oppose, the FKJGP itself. she made the decision to chase them directly.
Furthermore, there have been delays in issuing tenders, delays and delays by the PWD in clearing the roads, postponement of the MLA elections, delays in awarding work to contractors who have been blocked by the PWD. estimates to the PHE for the construction of the road, delay from the Forest Department and delay from the Cantonment Board in issuing permission.
“Tell me, Dei, I want to know...” Bahnah begged. Deisy smiled and laughed without telling.
Nongpoh, March 11: A woman named Banrilang Kharbani (31) has lost her life in a tragic incident in Umnget village, Ri Bhoi District. She has been killed by her husband, Melansius Warjri (50).
He said that after the teachers' leaders understood from the discussion in the Council that there will be no improvement in the subjects according to the new curriculum, they stood up to argue that if there is no adequate preparation, On the part of colleges such as recruiting more teachers, expanding the schools, providing textbooks and also support from the state government, the implementation of the new curriculum under the NEP will be a failure.
For the good of the country, the Government of India must do something; It doesn't matter whether this government or another government comes, but we must do something before it's too late, because the crisis has reached its peak.
“Only 11 persons have undergone medical examination and three persons have sustained injuries to their genitals, six persons from the neck and one person without any injuries.
He is sad to see this, and it makes the king ask Nehemiah.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has congratulated the Rinalis Ingti from Ri Bhoi District for winning the first medal for the State in the 66th National School Games. 2023.
The market dwellers said, 'If last year many farmers had to throw away the jhur they planted, do you think they will still be willing to spend money to plant this year?' The price of jhur may increase due to the low production of jhur in the state as the demand abroad for jhur produced in the state is also high while the production is low, they said.
“We are conducting a mock drill to see how quickly the police are able to protect the people before the bomb blasts,” said Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang.
Laloo said that in the past years, the school has done well in the Lower and Middle Exams and urged the students of the school to continue their efforts not only to make a name for themselves, but also to make a name for themselves. to the parents, the school, the village and the District as well.
During the curfew due to Covid-19, you can use this time to share your thoughts or stories with your family members on various issues that you have seen or seen during your journey. Your life to share your desires to learn more about the new things in life.
Parties and candidates should refrain from criticizing the personal, unrelated and public affairs of leaders or employees of other parties.
Sunny B Warjri has been elected as the General Secretary of the Club, Benny Enrich Kharbuli has been elected as the Assistant General Secretary and Benny Enrich Kharbuli has been elected as the Treasurer. Vickie Nongrang's wife.
This is called chlorophyll.
It was also said that one of the leaders of the group, Abu Ala al-Afri, who has been appointed Viceroy, could be one of them to contest for the post.
Scientific studies have shown that dewbilat factories are the main contributors to the loss of forests in a short period of time, and the increase in the number of these factories in the region will The forest areas of Narpuh area will be destroyed within the next 5 and 10 years.
Teimiki Sungoh and Sweety Kumari Thakur won gold medals, Angelin Ïakai and Banisha Suiam won silver medals.
The names of the villages which have received this foodgrains are Mulum, Nongkynriah, Laskein, Mowkaiaw, Mowtyrshiah B, Kyrwen, Madanrwan, Umsalaid, Tum-Tum, Khadkasla, Psiar, Mowluber, Saphai, Iawthymmei, Kyanmynsar, Iapkhla, Priang, Umdeinlin, Saba, Mukroh, Maitdein, Iongkynshur, Barato, Iongkwang, Thangrain, Khliehsniriang, Samatan Myntang Lummuriap, Thadbamon, Soukhlieh, Musiaw, Umsalang, Latymphu, Mobondo.
The Ultra Run was held as part of the campaign to raise awareness on the importance of protecting the rhinos and was called “Run for the Rhino”.
As you know, Shillong is the city that suffers from the traffic jam which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers, and for this reason, many of those who drive to work, use to send and drop off in the two wheel.
Informing about the incident, Bah Comfort Doloi, one of the elders of Patharkhmah area, said that the man who works as a muster roll in the PWD department Explaining the reason for the suicide, Bah Comfort Doloi, said that there was a day when the man had planned to withdraw money from the shop. SBI in Patharkhmah, after the PWD department released his salary this month.
“We have received 12 issues that the central government has referred for review of the VAB of KHADC. There are only three issues that are more important but the others are not very important,” he said. , said Dr Kharshiing.
Although we claim to be a democratic country, we see that all this claim is only in appearance, not in the foundation.
Rev.Dr.HCT Sumer, based on Daniel chapter 1 verse 3, delivered the message from the Word of God at 1 pm. 4th, 6th and 7th.
This is the fourth time that Sarma has been raised with flags and on Tuesday, he was raised with flags at Pathsala in Barpeta, by members of the AASU, by members of the AASU. Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) and on Tuesday in Kamalpur of Kamrup district and then in Nagaon, which took place last Tuesday.
He said this after being asked how the government will respond to the demand of the civil society to amend or review the Reservation Policy or the Employment Policy in the state. one of the ethnic groups in the state.
He also encouraged the people and school children to be an example to the villages, to bring a new way of thinking even if we need to cut down trees for the needs, but we don't. Don't forget to plant new ones and replace them so that the environment will not be destroyed.
We are backward because we are weak in every way.
Furthermore if your clothes catch fire, don’t run.
“However, later the RDA Alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP came together and only the HSPDP has nominated candidates and the UDP will not contest anymore.
The program was conducted by CMRO, Kanak Kumar Chhangni, in the presence of Star Cement Management Representative, Devender Bansal, HOD-Mines, Star Cement, Dasari Venkata Ramanayya and KG Singh. Pramesh Saha, Raj Kumar, Dipanlar Borah and employees of Star Cement Lumshnong.
During the visit of HITO to the 3rd Secretariat, the police blocked them from entering the house saying that the block was because they had received information that the members of the union intended to hold a protest. , but after a conversation with the President of the party who explained that it was only to write down the appointment process, the police allowed them to enter.
“Every day about 20 to 30 people come to apply for MLA scheme with the intention of insulting me.
A 23-year-old woman who had just returned from the United Kingdom (UK) has tested positive for the coronavirus, the Manipur health department said.
Police have recovered a jri siat sim from these three persons.
Many countries in the world have decided to protect the environment by planting more trees and stop the destruction of the environment, because they understand that without the environment, mankind would not have life. .
This will reduce the congestion on the roads of Shillong.
The best way to fight against this disease is to remove all such diseased plants.
Chief minister Biplab Kumar Deb, also the health minister, informed that of the 1,279 samples tested for COVID-19, 27 people found positive.
If you are a witness, you are a witness to these two witnesses. If you confess your sins, you will die.
The High Court has issued an appeal against Hamsaia Pariat.
Then the promise of the Prime Minister Conrad Sangma has been too much.
The anti uranium movement will hold public meetings in all parts of Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills to inform the people about the dangers of mining uranium.
Speaking to media on 25th July 2021, the Superintendent of Police (SP) of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Herbert G Lyngdoh, said that it is the hard work of the police department. The suspect has been arrested and the name of the suspect has not been released yet while the investigation is ongoing. to complete the investigation of this person.
Amanjot Kaur, who played the first match, took four wickets for 31 runs. India managed to restrain the Bangladesh bowlers, who managed to score only 152 runs in 43 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Israeli troops seized several M-16 rifles, a small rifle, bullets and other ammunition from the Palestinians.
Therefore you are the ones who have seen it.
The family members of the four victims, including Phawa, Ploda Sumer, Riskem Myertem, Nidawan Dkhar and Rilis Nartiang, Daman Bhoi, Paitlang Sumer, Bud Sumer and Plan Bhoi submitted their statements on the incident on Thursday.
Nongpoh: In order to bring closer the working methods between the Police and the Village Defense Party (VDP), the Police Department in Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah VDS Rymbai and Bah PS Marwein, CI of Nongpoh Police Station, today visited Umdap village, for the purpose of appointing new members and leaders of the VDP in the village.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India, today, has warned of heavy rain, thunderstorms and cold weather in parts of the state.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 3,32,730 today, bringing the total number of cases to 1,62,63,695 and the number of confirmed cases to 24 lakh. The Ministry of Health of India has confirmed that 10 cases have been confirmed in the country.
He said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is increasing every day but it is surprising that the police have not done anything these days.
The KSU at this meeting demanded that the government should set up self defense training centers in schools and colleges to ensure the safety of women and children.
The village authority has banned the slaughter of dead cows within the village boundary and anyone found violating will be punished according to the village rules.
Besides speaking encouragingly to the players, the MLA of Mawhati, promised to the management of the school, that he will fight to provide assistance to the school, which is also one of the schools that promotes sports. you read dangle in this area.
The Basket Hound Club Mawkyrwat today opened the Inter School Basketball Competition 2023 which was held at the Nativity Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat. Ardent M Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem Constituency was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Inter School Basketball Competition. About 5 teams from different schools have participated in the Inter School Basketball Competition
Referring to the implementation of the PM-kisan scheme, he condemned the central and state governments for not being able to implement this scheme which benefits the farmers. “It is for all the farmers, while the MDA government has not received any assistance, which they have named the FOCUS Scheme introduced by the NPP,” said Rinaldo K. Try.
He said that the construction of roads in the rural areas through the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sevak Yojana (PMGSY) has also been in accordance with the guidelines of the Rural Roads Manual, 2002 (SP-20) of the IRC. (AMC) of PMGSY roads for five years after their completion, Bah Tynsong said, the rules of maintenance of roads are for those schemes implemented through RIDF XXVI and There are also several schemes implemented through the Systematic Maintenance Program (SMP).
Sequence : the purple line is not followed by a sequence; pali is the case where it does not reach according to the allocation or share with others who have the same share.
We have been left without a sign, and billions of Muslims from Bangladesh, Pakistan, Burma and elsewhere have already been invaded.
He said that these foreigners are very stupid, because when they arrive in Byrnihat, they act like the villagers and those who know them well, and as soon as they arrive in Byrnihat, they take auto rickshaws. to escape from the Screening Center and Infiltration, but once they have escaped from the centre, they will board other vehicles and will be taken to their destination.
The participating blocks include Mawphlang, Laitkroh and Mylliem.
The union urges the Sordars/Rangbah Shnongs not to give syrnod pathar to foreigners, as it is an encouragement to the mynder to invade the villages and demand their rights.
“We have many problems in the state but the biggest problem is the lack of leaders in the state,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Sidur which people used to go to see on market days but in the fields there are Silur which no one used to see even though they worked hard.
They said that the Forest Department has forcibly occupied the land of these villages and has also issued eviction notices to 7 villages.
With the operation of the Dielang market, the sale of synsar, tyrpad leaves and Phan was held.
Jowai, July 8: Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, today staged a protest against the state government especially the Higher Technical Education department of the government. They also demanded for the improvement and upgradation of the college.
The Mothers Union therefore demands that the Meghalaya government should take action for a speedy and strong justice against these acts of violence against women in the state.
I congratulate all the MPs who have supported this bill.
Rambrai Block beat Shallang Block 2-0 in the semi final match played at NDSA Nongpyndeng Stadium on Tuesday.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) 6-Khliehriat Block Unit today in the presence of its President Mr. KC Rymbai and President Mr. KC Rymbai and President Mr. The National People's Party (NPP) has announced a new unit for the 21st District of Tuber Shohshrieh Circle.
Therefore, if you have too much of this vitamin, it will not affect your body.
What should we avoid during the election? We must refrain from violating the rights and responsibilities of electing leaders with money, alcohol, picnics and anything else that we consider to be just a sale. at the price of his own righteousness and judgment.
This incident shows us that as human beings we must repent, pray and plead before God in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth to forgive and remove this destruction from Coronavirus.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 7,0
On the 3rd, the U-13 tournament will be for those born between 2007 and 2009 from 11:00am to 5:00pm.
There are 14048 employees involved in conducting elections in 3512 polling stations.
Lyngdoh said that when driving, remember that you are the owner of the vehicle and not the owner of the road. .
Then there is a shrine and a storeroom and then a stone, which stores food and a room that can accommodate more than 5 people.
The 16th Maitshaphrang Award ceremony was attended by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, 50 students who have excelled in various subjects and parents.
The protest was held from 12.00 noon to 4.00 pm with placards and slogans to condemn the central government.
East Khasi Hills has 159 cases, West Jaintia Hills 49 cases and Ribhoi District 48 cases.
Speaking on the occasion, the PDF leaders said that the reason why they left the PDF party is because they are afraid of being expelled like others. you are the leader of the Party.
The written speech has already been distributed in the House.
The government doesn't understand how it is.
The employees of the hotel tried to enter through the skylight with the intention of raping the woman, but at that time the woman locked herself inside the room and informed. immediately to her family over the phone, and immediately her family informed the city police.
“I would love to work with her again.
He said that the fear as mentioned above is only their feeling, but has nothing to do with the Bible.
If you want the meat you eat to be special, follow the advice of Mark Zuckerberg, owner of Meta, Facebook and Instagram.
D.On this occasion, the school has encouraged Wa I Sa Sumer by giving a moment as a sign of remembrance, at the same time Wa I Sa Sumerka She is also a longkmie who is responsible for the work of the Seng Longkmie in the Seiñ Raij Jowai as well as in the village.
Speaking to media on the 15th of this month, Bah Lyngwa said that the State Government has not been able to implement the Smart City Project till date because there is no sign at all. Not only the ongoing construction of the Shyllong Market, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
The Language Bill of the Assam Government in 1960 was perhaps another step forward to hope for a brighter future because here the ground (that is the Hill State movement) has begun to shake, and this has stirred up the Hill State Movement. strengthen and remind again the desire of our ancestors on 21.07.1949 to get our own State which we did not get on Republic Day
We have no choice but to continue fighting for our salaries through strikes otherwise it will deprive our families of their needs.
The foreigner, who came from Uttar Pradesh on 3rd June, tested negative at the airport, but when he tested again at Umling Checkpoint. , it was announced that the foreigner has tested positive for COVID-1
In an old Khasi book called U MAWPUN JINGTIP translated by Bah D.Bareh, he wrote about another story called “U KHYNNAH SAMLA AND THE SATI SHARYNGKUID”. This is a very interesting story that attracts the attention of all the readers because here we see that the writer sees the relationship. friendship between man and animals with the grace of Men bseiñ.
During the programme, officers from the Block in charge of MNREGS, ICDS Mawthadraishan and NRLM explained about the schemes implemented through the C&RD Block.
The seeds we get from 'A' from this second field are therefore half-breed, and these can often produce better seeds than 'A' or 'A' B'.
The husband of the woman also admitted that he works in the SP office but when questioned by the SP (City), he said that he was lying because he did not work in the office.
He also called upon the teachers and students of the area to be the messengers of the king and to work hard to help eradicate such evils from the district and the state as a whole.
“He has destroyed the lives of the youth especially in Shillong and those who have been caught have been enslaved,” he said while speaking at the ceremony to honor the students of Mawkynrew Constituency who passed the examination. SSLC and HSSLC this year will be held on 26th April,
“We have lost more than 10,000 residents,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Mawrie said the TMC has published in the media that they will provide the WE Card Scheme for women, and the BJP has seen that they have written that If they come to power, if the people support them, they will implement the WE Card scheme in which they promise to give 1000 tyngka per woman and it will be 12 thousand tyngka per annum.
Former Governor of Assam, Lt.General (Retd) SK Sinha, submitted his report to the Government of India in 1998, which mentioned the census of Bangladesh between 1971 and In 1989, 75 lakh Bangladeshi Hindus suddenly disappeared, meaning that all of them had entered India, including Assam, which now has tens of lakhs of Bangladeshi Muslims.
He added that on 21st July, 1972, the culture, language, love of traditional songs, traditional food, the aspiration of the people of Meghalaya came true with the independence of Meghalaya. connected with the Indian subcontinent.
College Jowai and later held a candle lighting ceremony to express their condolences on the shooting death of five brothers and sisters from Mukroh West Jaintia Hills by the Assam Police on the 22nd of this month.
Another medical college is USTM in Ri Bhoi District. She said that there is PA Sangma International Medical College in Ri Bhoi District which is a private medical college which has offered to provide a place for medical students. and requested the Government to support the school through funds.
According to police sources, about four robbers shot dead the MD of Shillong Club and destroyed his office.
The center had to be suspended after the outbreak of COVID-19 and this time it has been decided to resume in compliance with the guidelines of the Health & Family Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya to prevent the spread of the disease. DSO Khroobok Passah The following are the venues for the selection trials at all Grassroot Football Centers according to the dates and times scheduled.
Through this rule, the Infiltration Police of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Labor Department, have raided foreign workers in some parts of the district after seeing that Don't be afraid of other states.
In a statement without certificate, the residents who went to buy jhur in Nongpoh, said that there were shops selling jhur which were sold at the highest price, which was already sold. in all these past days.
They are Hoihoi Hanhal (35) of Langol District and Lhing Hohoi (40) of Langol District.
The KSU has urged the students to submit their names and this time the KSU will accept students who have passed 70% or above.
“We have handed over to the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) for implementation and the target is to complete it by October 2016,” she said.
Jumreit is a prominent Seiñkhynrum singer.
"You can't see where these devices are, but you can see that the shrieh has become more and more popular these days, because it can't play video games," Musk said.
Meanwhile, Michael Thongni, the founder of the Shlem, was the one who donated these items.
The Lamin Unit is headed by Laiky Khonglah, vice president Ariston Tongper, general secretary Starful Gashnga, assistant secretary Marvelous Tongper, sport secretary Konet Gashnga, education secretary Arjun Dhar, adviser Bibar Pohlong and Wansuk Lamin and 20 EC members.
They also thanked the department for organizing this program on Diwali.
Lajong will face Mohun Bagan in the quarter final on the 11th.
When I saw and discovered with my own eyes when I arrived inside the village I witnessed many parts until I had to buy Umbam Umdih from other places.
Afterwards, the body of Dr Donkupar Roy was taken to Sohra Stadium, Mawpun. On the other hand, Bah Bindo Lanong said, “It is something that affects everyone. who haing, this region has produced many stars of the country.
It has a short hair and a half-brown colour.
Kapil G Momin top scored with 31 runs while Jadilbirth Marak and Welster M Marak scored 27 runs each.
After that, the villagers and the family members conducted a search operation, but could not find him until he was found by the people from behind the Umïam Pond in the past few days.
The Police Bazar and Iewduh areas in Shillong under the Government of Tamil Nadu will be evacuated from the roadsides to improve the roads.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Government has directed the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) to continue the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road. 95 km despite the early arrival of winter.
I am eager to showcase the ability and opportunity to work alongside talented teammates.
He said the incident happened at about 2:30 pm," he said.
SP (City) Vivek Syiemu said the four suspects robbed the driver of the truck, Divonsing Mawlong and his follower, Kitbok Mawlong, at Sohiong Viewpoint. Shillong.
The JAC said that they have lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC since 2019 and demanded the removal of Bah Thabah Lyngdoh because he is unable to run the affairs of the kingdom, but the KHADC has remained silent on this issue.
They suggested to the government that if it really wants to help them, there is only one way and that is to suspend the new schemes and the money should be paid to all the contractors. They recalled that this photograph was taken during the time when Bah DD Lapang was the Chief Minister of the state.
In a statement, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh urged all MLAs, MDCs and party office bearers from all districts to attend the meeting.
To date, Kong Minimon Laloo has written and published 59 books including Novels, Biria, Drama, Poetry, Short Stories and other non-fiction books related to Culture, the Lehniam and the General Knowledge books.
If the HSPDP spends only one month to discuss the issues, I think I will stay in the HSPDP. I don't like to join any party but my support for the MDC Congress is that in the District Council, there are mind to talk party.
Shillong: U Philomath Passah has lodged a complaint that on 24th November he received a call from Sarma, who claimed to work at SBI Laitumkhrah. Your husband to change your ATM.
Let it happen as it happens.
The victim is a government employee while his wife is a teacher in a private school. They have two children.
News channels will show any political affiliation with any political party or candidate.
Three persons were seriously injured in the accident on the NH-6 in Jyntru village. They were sitting in front of the Sumo, including a driver. The driver of the Sumo and the driver of the Maruti Baleno.
The Customs Department has arrested the three persons and the investigation is ongoing.
The Sengbhalang said that the constituency division of the JHADC is not appropriate and was done only for the political gain of the current MDCs.
That is why the Jews said – we know this Jesus.
He stressed on the problem of the youth who go abroad to participate, the travel expenses which the party can support a lot; He said that in Meghalaya there are many young people who have special talents in dance and singing. They travel around the districts of Meghalaya to search for talented people and they also open the door for many states to take part in the competitions of India. They are also Ambassadors to introduce themselves on the National Level TV Show and the Minister promised to take action against them. The demands of the Seng are based on the future of the youth of the state.
However, this delay will be corrected.
On the other hand, the competence of the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has been questioned as he is number two except the Prime Minister who is in the forefront of passing the bill. the name of the city is long.
Therefore, all liquor shops including IMFL shops/bars/hotels/CA bars/CS shops and those who sell in the market will be closed on that day as announced.
The strike in many parts of the country has forced the so-called migrant workers in construction jobs in factories, households, roads and other sectors to return to their hometowns.
This morning, there was heavy rainfall, but this estimate, which is today, the authorities of the Meteorological Department, will announce tomorrow.
INC says it needs cash corruption in
A person or persons who have armed their lives with spiritual wisdom avoid the path of shame and the looks of men and horkit will not fall into the paths of ridicule.
On the closing ceremony of the festival, the Deputy Commissioner of Khadsawphra College, Mairang, Gideon Kharmawphlang, IAS was the chief guest. in the afternoon in the presence of the BDO of Mairang C&RD Block, LR Hynniewta.
There are 128 shops in Nongpoh, 34 shops in Jowai and 26 shops in Khliehriat.
“The people have many expectations but corruption one after another, the inability to provide security to the people, the shooting death in Mawlai, all these are the shortcomings of the present Government and I believe that “The people will warn this government and turn to the Congress party,” he said.
These leaders of the FKJGP Western Zone include the President-elect, Centerwell Doloi, General Secretary, Birson Pohshna, Vice President, Alfred Lyngdoh and other leaders. members of this Zone.
As part of his expression of gratitude and appreciation to Dr Helen, Bah PT Sawkmie also presented a gift to Dr Helen. They are small, but they have been able to produce great women from this state who have received recognition and awards from time to time from various Presidents of the country.
In the competition which was held from 17th to 19th at Rongkhon and Darechikgre, EJH won 12 medals including 5 gold, 4 silver and 3 bronze.
The CSWO leader said that in an RTI request for information regarding the investigation into the illegal appointment and promotion at the Governor's Secretariat, it was said that the matter was sent by the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills to the Governor's Secretariat. The IG of Police, Eastern Range, Shillong, said that the case should be taken into consideration and handed over to the CID. Shillong, November 20: The Meghalaya High Court has not yet handed over the case to the CID. Shillong, Naiwieng The government has issued an order that all mobile connection companies in the state operating in Garo Hills should inform the police of all the SIM cards of mobile users.
The LPI is a 'census-based ranking of perceptions of quality' in seven categories covering Customs, Property, Import and Export, Logistics. and quality of logistics service offerings, time taken to complete tasks, tracking of goods.
He also spoke about the preparations of the Congress for the MP elections and his confidence that the Congress will win.
In the way the band writes songs, it always knows why it writes songs and for whom, but the song 'Survive' is very strange, because it is not known exactly what it means. , until a darkness came over the group, with the death of one of the members, Bah Baïaineh C.Shangpliang, who was fondly called 'Nah'
At that time, Bah Marbaniang was the Head of Police Outpost.
He said that the construction of factories of these units is against the rights of the residents where the residents of the area can no longer breathe clean air, which is a violation of the rules. 21 of the Constitution and from time to time the Supreme Court has released hums regarding the preservation of the environment to produce clean air.
Bah George I don't know but Bah Mayral in terms of development in Nongpoh is not very good. D.D.lapang is the best in Ri-bhoi. vote ,,not in the morning ,,when I joined the npp ,I went to canvass in the morning ,,Jason thiaw won.
After a long night, Lok left.
It has brought about terrible discrimination, it has created a great gap in society and between the poor and the rich.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 06: Seven kick-boxers from the state have won seven medals in the Kick Boxing Championship held today. The KSU North Khasi Hills District today welcomed and honored these athletes at the Hades MMA K Pro 3.0 which was held in Goa on the 1st and 2nd June.
Speaking on the damage caused by the fire, Bah CB Syiem said that although the exact figure has not been received, it is not less than T.1 crore.
“My visit to this area and as a politician I cannot say that everything can happen but the Government has its own experts and will do its duty,” said Bah Adelbert.
“If you love and care for the environment, the environment will care for you,” said the Sohra MLA.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Cyril said that the project is still under construction and it has been necessary to confirm that there are some changes, but after discussions it has been decided to resume the work.
Perhaps the author of this article is after the KHADC, started the Dorbar Mangtyngka of 2020, by playing this song which was sung and released on the album of the KSU. First of all, I would like to thank Bah Purningstar, for taking the time to research this song and finding those verses which he published in the newspapers.
Everbrightson Mylliempdah scored the third goal for Meghalaya in the 88th minute to win the match.
There are some MLAs and party office bearers who still want Dr Donkupar to continue as President but there are those who feel that it is time for him to allow others to take over the responsibility of leading the party. in the upcoming MLA elections in
He said police rushed to the scene and found a missing vehicle which was burnt in the forest.
He should also explain to the Governor that here in Meghalaya Hindi is not the official language.
India on Tuesday called for an inquiry into a Pakistani official and expressed its strong opposition to the recent attack against a Sikh community in the neighboring country.
It is He who created and placed from ancient times the kulong kumah from Thawlang, Suidnia and Iawbei to raise and continue the human beings from generation to generation whether male or female.
On the night of July 14, 2013, police from Mawlai Police Station have taken the body of a poor woman from Mawlai Mawdatbaki Mali-I. Stefanie Lyngdoh Nonglait, 30, mother of two children and poor with a 2 month old baby in her womb, resident of Mawlai Mawdatbaki Mali-I, near the Presbyterian Church.
In addition, the Minister informed that the auction of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal that had been mined before the ban on coal mining is ongoing.
Other office bearers of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District are Senior Vice President Ferdinand Iawphniaw, Vice President Rockfeller Pariat, Joint Secretary Tensing Lyngdoh Nonglait, Assistant Secretary Combarstar Jyrwa, Organizing Secretary Hamran Ramsiej, Chief Organizing Secretary Welborn Marweiñ, Environment Secretary Probert Wahlang, Agriculture Secretary Teinam Nongtnger, Sports Secretary Tenbarsing Lyngkhoi, Education Secretary Shainstar Thongni and including 11 members who have joined the party for the purpose of carrying out the lyngkor shakri. through this organization for the sake of serving the community.
The purpose of this committee is to empower the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs,” said Dr Sangma while speaking at the meeting which was attended by CEMs of KHADC, JHADC, Syiems, Sordars. , Rangbah Shnong and political party leaders of the state.
The news that shocks us to the bones.
According to Bah Shylla, it is alleged that the Syiem of Mylliem, Paiem Ricky Syiem, has issued a patta pathar to the people of Laitkor without first verifying the land by using a syrnod. Akrisha Mylliempdah has filed a complaint against 156 acres of land.
Mairang, March 19: The Fit India Freedom Run will be held on the 27th of this month.
However, many drivers do not know the meaning of the Zebra Crossing because they drive fast even when they see that people are inside the white line.
Why do you have to auction to other states of India and Bangladesh? Perhaps if the government can help our people who can set up their own businesses who can set up factories to produce tiles, marbles, plates, water tanks, other factories to produce The necessary equipment will be of great benefit to the nation.
Doctors have lodged a complaint against the patient at Laban Police Station under the provisions of the IPC and NDMA.
Also present were Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla and others.
When we talk about the name of Tirot Singh, we must remember that he stood on the foundation of courage, true nobility, love for his own country and so on and so on. The memory of him will be a football game, a song, so it will be just a day's work and nothing to do with his main character.
The BSF seized 3.89 lakh worth of cows.
Regarding the damage to these 'La Tyrpad', the leader of the farmers' group in the village, urged the authorities in charge of agriculture, to visit these farms. , in order to find out the truth and besides, they also urged the government authorities to look into the 'La Tyrpad' in the village.
The festival, organized by HYPE – Helping Young People Entertainment, in collaboration with Meghalaya Tourism, was highly anticipated and showcased the culture of Meghalaya, music and dance.
Five films have been selected in this category, and the winner was the film about the people of Meghalaya and especially about the heroism of Mei-ieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin ( to continue to oppose the mining of uranium from Domiasiat, South West Khasi Hills.
One is addressing the looming threat of climate change and the actions everyone needs to take for a chance at sustainable development.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The Government LP School Pomkaniew is one of the oldest schools in Mylliem district but has also become the most neglected school.
He was last seen at Jingkieng Umpling on the 18th by several people in the evening.
“We would like to thank the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for implementing the demands of the teachers as soon as possible,” said the statement.
However, the most important items should be carried by the household members. 2) The Government should not provide food to those under quarantine, except the poor.
In this regard, the Riti Academy has developed a plan to prepare a sawangka to spread the message of durim and in turn, durim will promote sawangka.
The government should increase the allocation to assist those women.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest, Wailad also laid the ribbon on the training center which includes the sewing machines which has started operating from today and will last for two months.
We don't think that the Principal or the teachers are all supporters of the political party that has the symbol of U Prah.
He said that this will help in the implementation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, as those who violate this Act can be easily found.
Daniel asked God to reveal the secret of the king's dream.
He said that this action of the PDF has violated the rights of the people in the introduction of Para VIII and XVI. “It's a good idea for the state,” said the President of the HNPF.
Teilinia Thangkhiew, MDC from Mylliem constituency, said in the House that when the EC cannot answer, the EMs say they will send notices but until the next dorbar. None of them have received the notice and this has prompted the MDCs to raise the same question.
Then the increase in bill light has become too much, if you look at the poor house, the light is poor but you have to pay for the bill light from heaven to earth.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Riwar Mihngi People Forum (HYC) have expressed their opposition to the government's plan to open the Export Import on the 8th of this month. In Bangladesh.
He said the OM also states that the new minimum application age will apply to all posts except for certain posts as announced by the Personnel (AR) Department for the Police Department. , Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps, Homeguards & Civil Defence, branch Along bad Forest & Environment.
Taking all the allegations of KHNAM against him as a traitor, Process said that it is all because of the PPP which means Pyndap Propaganda Politics.
We have never known and never happened in the North East that the rights of citizens of any ethnic group will be recognized by the Sengbhalang and this is an extreme violation. , by Assam, to the Khasi people, who lived in that State, hundreds of years ago.
We are a rich state if we know how to use our natural resources.
The decision was taken after testing at the Laboratory in Bamunimaidan, that the fish taken from the market on July 29, contained formalin.
This newspaper will be one of the newspapers to provide information to the youth of the state regarding many information opportunities in the field of employment and will also provide detailed information on the job opportunities so that the youth can shah thok ei especially in news from outside the state.
The meeting will be held at the Indoor Stadium of Dkhiah.
They include 32 cases from Peren Quarantine Centre, one each from Kohima and one each from Dimapur Quarantine Centre, said US Pangnyu Phom, Health Minister of Nagaland Government. mining site in Myanmar, according to the report.
The allegation that the Lyngngam worship idols is also wrong.
The only complaint of the residents is the lack of money in the ATMs as all the banks have not sent any money for many days.
This morning at 10 o'clock, she said that she received a phone call and was informed that they had found the body. it is the body of Wandarihun.
The Ministry is one of the ones that takes care of children under 12 years of age who have been abandoned by their parents.
Regarding the incident, the MPSO Ri Bhoi leaders, who have lodged a complaint against the incident, have demanded that the police should conduct a protest against the incident. The police have launched a thorough investigation to identify those involved in the kidnapping and murder of the 14-year-old boy from Nagrabil.
Before the farmers could harvest the rice and harvest it, their farmland was attacked by insects that eat milk in the rice symbol in Mukhroh village, West Jaintia Hills.
Mr.Tyrshain Pale -MSC Chemistry first class, 6.
The meeting was attended by the Congress, UDP, NCP, HSPDP, KHNAM, BJP and PDF. Earlier, a meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) was also held. .
Jowai, Nailar 02 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Korbarlang Syiemlieh, said that the HYC has done its part to commemorate the memory of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, who was the only one. a leader who is strong-minded and dedicated to the country and the nation.
Regarding the meeting with the DC, he said the party requests the DC Ri Bhoi to take action and stop the construction, but not only that, the party will meet with the Minister. The Chief Minister, to discuss the boundaries and especially the Assam occupation of Khanapara and the building.
When we examine carefully, we see that today is the time when the end is near.
From time to time, the delay in filling vacancies also affects the working process.
During the investigation, one child under the age of 18 and 10 others were arrested and several evidences were seized from them in connection with the NLCN. The arrested persons said that it is true that the NLCN was formed and appointed the Chairman, Commander in Chief, Acting General Secretary, Finance Secretary and Area Commanders in East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri War Area and West Khasi Hills.
Jowai: The residents of Khliehrymphum, Ladthadlaboh (near Polytechnic) especially the youth and the elderly have come out to build their own road from Kiang Nangbah-Dulong Road into the village.
Replying to a question, Bah Suker said that the party will announce another protest program if these Longkmie are not appointed in the MUDA department and if no reply is received that the complaint has been rejected. The party will announce a protest on Friday, 11th November to protest against the government's failure to listen to and implement its demands. establish.
Shillong, Naitung, 08: The Building Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has so far received 400 applications for permission to build houses.
Shillong, Lber 27: Two MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District, Hadrian Lyngdoh of the UDP from Mawkyrwat and Mansturdy Nongrem of the Congress from Langrin Constituency, have been elected. sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, to allocate special funds from the 13th Finance Commission 2014-2015 for the establishment of the District Council Office in Mawkyrwat.
because you don't know what you're doing.
“At the last meeting, NESO has promised to start the protest against the CAB from the 18th of this month,” said the president of the KSU. Marngar, “At the NESO meeting held last month, there will be a continuation of the protests, there will also be a strike starting from 18th November in the North East. east as a sign of resistance and that they would not accept this under any circumstances.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83158 and out of these 80958 have recovered and 1439 have died.
Shillong, March 16: The BJP has strongly condemned the statement by Congress MLA Prestone Tynsong that Meghalaya, a state with a large Christian population, does not accept the BJP. Mawkynrew Mandal on Saturday strongly condemned Prestone's religiously insulting remarks in a media outlet, and said that his remarks showed that the Congress leaders intend to to mislead the people of the state by creating confusion and dividing the nation.
Because even the leaders when they pray to God they count the Jewish nation more sacred than the Hynniewtrep nation and when they pray to God they count Moses more than Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah.
Speaking on the occasion, Babu Moris recalled the years when Babu Linus was an MDC of Mawlai constituency who retired and did not contest elections. Mawlai, Bah SD Khongwir and Babu Linus, who have not yet won the election, have come to support Bah Teiborlang Pathaw in this election.
She said that Singh will vote hard this time and in the name of the HSPDP party the government will be formed in the state in
Shillong: The film “Apot” based on the story of Tiewlarun was screened at the State Central Library Shillong today. ICCR Director Manish Singh of the Union Government.
“We will also go to Court, because it affects the food plate of every driver or owner.
They were led by Pynlangbor Syiem, Secretary of Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress, Moskinglan Lyngdoh Nonglait, Working President of Nongstoin Youth Congress. HSPDP Domkohsam Primary Unit and more than 20 other followers.
After conducting a raid, the troops seized a large quantity of clothes worth more than T.35 lakh which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
People who drank more than two alcoholic beverages a day were seven times more likely to gain weight at the end of the study than those who did not drink at all.
“I congratulate Bah Prestone for his ability to change the name 'high level' to 'zero level' as it is now.
The Waheh Shnongs of Jalyiah and Pamrakmai congratulated these leaders and Monwanmi Dkhar who have shown the spirit to give and help the people in the crisis to get food items during this time of fighting against COVID-1 -19.
“Although the implementation of this Act has not been included in the Inner Line Permit (ILP) states including Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur as well as the Sixth Scheduled States of the ILP. The Constitution of India, which covers 98% of Meghalaya, 70% of Tripura and 8 districts of Assam, has not been released in 27 districts of Assam. “It is a great challenge for the states of the North East as a whole because this will have a serious impact in the days and years to come,” he said.
¢Do not clean electrical wires and accessories as they can cut and damage.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, said that the reason for these areas to fall under the Micro-Containment Zone, is after the increase in the number of cases. Covid-19.
Shillong: The Vice Chancellor and Chairman of the Academic Council (NEHU) has directed the Vice Chancellor and Chairman of the Academic Council (NEHU) to convene a special meeting to discuss the issue. The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has been allegedly implemented at the Under Graduate level for the academic year 2023-24 without the approval of the Academic Council.
Therefore, the Lyngngam Presbyterian College has received this new building, which has been a great blessing to the College.
However, more than 140 candidates out of the 331 candidates who passed the examination conducted by the District Selection Committee (DSC) of East Khasi Hills in
At this meeting, some of the office bearers of the Seng will be renewed and will also discuss the preparation of the programs of the Seng in the future along with other needs of the Seng.
At the same time, he said that RTE and Food Security can be good but the Congress wants to mislead the people.
The total number of BSF personnel has now reached 354 undergoing treatment and 659 have recovered.
Why, it's like that.
There are six members of the family, Niduk Khongsit, four children and one grandchild. The father works in Shillong and was in Shillong at the time of the incident.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit has donated clothes to the needy families on Saturday.
On Saturday, 32 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday, asked for support for the MP candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) Shillong seat, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. Speaking at the meeting, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has strongly condemned the fraudulent activities of the VPP party. They should immediately reject the VPP for trying to mislead the people through its deceitful activities.
The sugarcane bags were seized from Maheshkhola village in South West Khasi Hills District.
The meeting will be held on the 18th of July under the chairmanship of the Chief Secretary.
He said that besides talking about the need for peace and stability and development of the people in these areas, on this day in the presence of the village leaders, they talked more. On the need to fight against drugs which is a major threat to the youth due to the spread of drugs especially in these villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Other areas with the highest rainfall were Pynursla with 203.3mm, RKM Sohra with 218.6mm and Mawsynram with 178.8mm.
Shillong, November 21: Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station and informed that the construction of a bridge near the statue of Don Bosco has collapsed, which was started a year ago.
He said that besides the lack of leaders in the constituency and district, the HSPDP has gone ahead to set up primary units to strengthen the party. in different villages in Umsning.
The Raliang Elaka Dorbar has decided to protect and preserve the environment and bring peace and stability in the Elaka.
Line – which means A line or a line (here the 'a' is pronounced).
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81747 out of which 78793 have recovered and 1407 have died.
Man that is born of man is of few days, and cometh forth as a flower, and is cut down, and fleeth away, as a snowflake.
Needing to score more than 8.73 runs per over to win, EJH started slowly and scored runs, and managed to reach 45 runs from only two wickets, Amarjeet Gupta (31) and Jeffre (27).
“Many of the incidents have led to violence to the point of causing tragic incidents like what happened in Mukroh.
How can the government know that the Formlin suppliers are no longer supplying fish?
As a farmer, if many of the jobs are established by the parents – children don't need to build a house, or to start a new farm because they don't have it at home, this is also an example to apply. and to others his own works.
“This is not true, in fact, according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the forest belongs to the village, or Raid or Elaka which means it belongs to the people and not to any Government.
Shillong, November 12: The BJYM Meghalaya has rejected the allegation by UDP leader Bindo M Lanong that the BJP party wants to convert Hindus and ban the consumption of beef.
Do not stop using inhalers or nebulisation : Inhalers or nebulisation are not known to cause asthma. You should not stop using them without your doctor's advice.
One of the most important things when planting many trees in this way is to look carefully and think that the trees planted should be cared for properly, so that they will grow and become trees later.
There are 26 recoveries from the disease.
Regarding the demand of the Seng Khasi Mylliem to punish those involved in the protest, the Rangbah Shnong said that this should be investigated thoroughly as the Seng Khasi Mylliem has not consulted the Dorbar Shnong. which is related to the creation of man.
The tournament will continue on the 12th between Kick Start Football Coaching Center and Umpling SC at 2:30 pm and Mawkriah West SC against Lawei Smit SC at 4:1 evening.
“It is for this reason that this time, we will forget about political party, political party, but we will fight as one nation under the banner of the nation,” he said.
In the final, Mulang Ialong beat Dulong 3-2 goals. In the second half, Mulang Ialong scored the first goal through Samith Pale. about 5 minutes.
In West Garo Hills, there are 3 cases and all of them are from outside the state.
In one part of the village, there is a land of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited, which is currently constructing a sub station, in order to improve its services to the people of Mawryngkneng area. Electrical power supply.
Mawkyrwat: Maharam Govt Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat has organized a Talent Fest on the 28th and 29th of this month. students to have a courageous spirit in their journey as students and also to avoid the shame later on to attend various interviews in higher education and also in the search for employment.
Prohibited uses include plastic balloons, plastic balloons, plastic flags, plastic ice cream containers, polystyrene containers, plastic bags, plastic plates, classrooms. plastic, blankets, blankets, tape, trays, invitation cards, cigarette packets, banners, straw, and so on.
The Minister said this in reply to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh.
In a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma at the International Yoga Day held at NEHU, John Barla said, “We have talked and I have Please send me your request.
The second semi final will be between Khliehmawlieh and Mawlai at Tura from 3:30 pm.
She also promised to talk to the government to provide electricity and mobile towers to provide mobile phone lines to the area for the convenience of the people.
Williamson A.General.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also laid a wreath at the statue of Kiang Nangbah and hoisted the flag of the Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society.
Speaking to reporters, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the meeting was understanding and hopeful.
“We want lasting peace which should be freedom and justice while accepting and respecting the wishes and aspirations of the people of Hynniewtrep as a united country.
The incident happened at 1 pm on Tuesday.
Lalu Prasad is currently undergoing treatment at Ranchi's Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS).
On that day thousands of people followed Jesus, because they thought he was a great man.
In other states, it is the Hindu religious group that discriminates against other non-Hindu citizens, such as Christians in Gujarat, Orissa, Karnataka and elsewhere.
Nilesh Sukhadeve, Senior Manager (Commercial), NHDC Ltd.
The government cannot refuse to try to import coal from abroad for its own benefit.
The High Command or the Delhi leaders have not sent any letter in this regard,” said Conrad when asked about the resignation of BJP MDC from Tura Bernard N Marak to speak to the public. “The CM who appoints, the CM who removes and we are ready for any action,” he said. struggle.
Mon Phawa is the only one who has ever been involved in a truck robbery.
When describing his Bri Hynniewtrep, he said, 'Hundreds of thousands of miles around the land have been lost around the border areas, because the boundary of the land has been lost.
When Dr. Mukul Sangma took over as CM at the end of April 2010, he was handed over the Mining Policy which was completed in 2011, which the Cabinet also approved and then Send copies to the Supreme Court and Delhi that the terms and conditions of the Policy are ready for implementation.
In addition to Section 3 (c), a new Sub Section 3 (d) has been added to the new Bill. Her children shall no longer be recognized as Khasi and shall lose all the benefits of Khasi as Schedule Tribe and shall not be able to exercise their Khasi identity from any other source. the law.
On 28.2.1961 a meeting was held between the representatives of the two District Councils at Diphu at the office of Mikirs Hills to complete the work as reported and approved by the surveyors.
However, the UDP MDCs have insisted that another leader should be replaced by another leader instead of Bah Ardent.
About 40.07 lakh out of 3.29 crore who have applied to prove their citizenship.
Saying that the people of Meghalaya will not accept the BJP because it is a foreign party, Sharma said the NPP should remember that when they go to the BJP for protection from corruption, they have He is also involved with the BJP which is a foreign party.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 5,500 with 651 new cases reported today.
This is to improve the working methods at the government shopping center at Mawiong which is under construction.
According to sources, several people were also injured in the shooting by the state police.
When inquired about the shortcomings they find as shopkeepers in the meat market, they said that the lack of water tank to carry water for cleaning the shop and the shopkeepers. The lack of garbage dumps is a problem faced by them and they have appointed those in authority to look after this issue.
“This is a long standing demand of the farmers and it needs to go ahead and if necessary it will be improved later and it is necessary to implement it,” he said. "It's done in a hurry but it's well thought out and there's nothing wrong and it needs to be implemented.
He said the Government is looking to increase the strength of the police force from 16,000 by allocating new posts.
Online registration will start on April 3,
In addition, you have a lot of money to earn money from the government.
“We are proud to work with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya to launch this platform which will bring about change in Ri Bhoi District.
Schemes and assistance from the Government of India have required that those who are not eligible for assistance must have an Adhaar card, as at present most of the beneficiaries do not have an Adhaar card, and Meghalaya is one of the states in India with the lowest number of Aadhaar registrations.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has conducted a training program for the youth to prepare for the Civil Service Examination at St Anthony's College, Shillong.
They have to spend thousands of dollars a month.
Earlier in July 2019, the Engineers of the MSPCB had visited the factory after the Society had submitted a petition to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on the grounds that the factory had been destroyed. The factory has produced pollution and pum pum which has affected the health of the residents and especially the students of Good Shepherd Secondary School which is located near the factory.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to discuss the matter with the Chief Minister before taking a decision.
On this occasion, the audience was entertained by the songs of the famous Ri Khasi singer Bah Kupar Shadap.
Shillong: Three persons who have died of Covid-19 today include Jubita Thabah, 65, resident of Lumdorbar Upper Lumparing; Sagar Buarh, 82, of Thana Road Khyndai Lad and Basuk Thabah, 42, of Lawsohtun Block-I. 1689 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 7 cases in West Khasi Hills, 21 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 333 cases in RiBhoi, 11 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 187 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills District has 23 cases, East Garo Hills has 29 cases, North Garo Hills has 25 cases and South Garo Hills has 41 cases.
The visit of the TMC MP Leader to the Rajya Sabha comes at a time when the MPs of the state are busy with the preparations for the elections in the state.
“I am very pleased to have the opportunity to stand for the future of our state and to express my pride in their achievements which will also fulfill our dreams and hopes.
The arrested were identified as Yash Mehra, 26, Amar Thapa, 35 and Brightstar Shadap,
Pastor Paul Muniya of Shalom Church said they are looking for information on the incident so that they can lodge a complaint with the police. , whether to file a complaint or not, against the incident.
French police and helicopters have been deployed to patrol the forest.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Association, Bah Inrico Passi, said that the Association strongly opposes the authorization of 12 tire trucks. of this state (Khasi&Jaintia) but it is the income generation of foreigners.
During the meeting, it was also reported that there are 67 roads with a length of 234.911 km which have been funded through the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) in the district.
It is a party that respects the culture of the country, focuses on the development needs of the states according to the lifestyle of the citizens and leads the development of the country.
District leaders of these four parties, including Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Ri Bhoi and others, said that as a group, the four parties themselves are strong. I am pleased to witness with my own eyes that the Government of Meghalaya has taken the initiative to implement the wish of the people of the state to implement the Umling Gate, because it is through this Gate, that it will be judged. good for those people who intend to enter the state.
The market should be temporarily closed as it is still too late to follow the Lyndon Covid
However, since joining All India Radio, my skills have improved and my singing and playing skills have improved. Shillong.
After receiving a tip, police rushed to the house and took the child to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for medical examination.
(Like these breeds of cows, you should try again to breed).
Green tea and soybeans: Green tea is undoubtedly rich in antioxidants such as catechin.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has declared the 26th July, 2024 as a Dry Day across the South West. Khasi Hills on the occasion of the celebration of Republic Day.
About 2/3 of those who died in July were found to have been infected due to the change in the weather.
Speaking to reporters, PPM President L Dohtdong said that the Rangbah Shnong of Umdapdamu, Bah Beral Maring, has deceived the people of Umdapdamu by claiming that the housing scheme has been implemented. The Indira Awaas Yojana (IAY) is a voluntary donation from the village to the people.
The Muktapur Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday lodged a complaint against four persons including Donbok Buam of Umladkhur, January Shylla of Trangblang and 3 other employees or their followers.
However, God still kept the children of Israel and we see that they have become many in these days.
Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh will be the chief guest in the presence of Satoshi Suzuki, Ambassador of Japan to India.
“Choose a good field for yourself, and sow your seed there in faithfulness, that it may grow” (Sir 26:20).
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “The joining of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to the UDP was one of the reasons why he wanted to strengthen the party, but he passed away”.
Shillong, June 24: The CEC of the HSPDP has taken about three hours to take a decision to expel Fenela L Nonglait from the party. Visnupur.
The JAC said that the former Executive Committee took action after a strong demand from the children of the Hima Sohiong who turned to the KHADC under the leadership of the JAC. KHADC has suspended Bah Bashemphang Thabah and appointed Bah AE Gatphoh, Officer of KHADC to investigate the demand of the JAC. “Therefore, we demand that the Deputy CEM should expedite this matter and immediately remove Bah Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima. getting suspended.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold the Monolith Festival on the 25th and 26th of March this year.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent also asked for the approval of the people by raising their hands, in which the people also stood in order to raise their hands as a sign of full support to Bah Ardent on the issue of Roster System.
“The government has always denied the existence of illegal coal mining in the state,” he said.
Rahman helped to smuggle these drugs to Assam.
During the meeting, the Kur leaders and after a thorough investigation from Jimmy's relatives, it was found that Jimmy belongs to the Pdang Kur and not to the Sutnga Kur.
On her haste to withdraw her support from the PDF, the MDC from Nongpoh said that she has to respect and obey the decision of the party, but the continuation of the four UDP MDCs to support the PDF. The PDF is their will and it does not want to say anything on this.
These are the only ones I can name, there are probably more I haven’t even named.
Regarding the sudden arrest and treatment by the people of the village, Dr.L.Gashnga, Patharkhmah CHC, said that the authorities of the hospital have received information about the presence of The CHC authorities have sent two ambulances to evacuate these patients and requested that due to the large number of patients, that family members use private vehicles to convey the sick to the facility.
Antiretroviral therapy (ART) helps them to live longer.
He said that they are not against the Assam government but against the Assam government and the Meghalaya government and this is the message from the HITO. “It is up to the government whether they will take action to protect our fellow citizens on the border. “This box is ready whether it will be for us or for you,” he said.
According to Wasnik, they discussed the issue of preparing for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The Umiam Dam, which was constructed by the Meghalaya Electric Corporation Ltd., is one of the tourist attractions on the Shillong-Guwahati highway as well as the Umiam Dam. many locals from all over.
