“We went to the scene of the fire, it is not known how many floors and after reaching the scene, it was a room with a fire and it was not yet burning.
Jigame also confirmed that if his arrest is only in connection with yesterday's incident, there is no question that he is involved.
The reason is said to be that they have been separated for about three months.
“The police don't listen and don't think even when we tell them about this,” said the union leaders and added that they have to pay a fine of up to T.2000 per month to the police. month.
From the hospital they told me to come and sign that there is a stopped, I said what stopped, I called my mother, they did not tell me that I stopped thyrnia.
That same spirit is still strong among the people of Ri Khasi to this day; but the bitterness spread among the paradoh parasnam through the attitude of selfishness only in one's own area and the attitude of emphasizing one's own foundation without being able to hold on to the common issues of the nation.
It is the source of food for the Khasi-Khasei and not for the Khasi-Khasei.
“We have heard that banks want to implement NPR in accounts or KYC (Know Your Customer) lists.
From Meghalaya, Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, CEM Thombor Shiwat, MLA Sutnga Saipung and DC, SP East Jaintia Hills were present. Lakhipur Kaushik Rai, DC, SP Cachar and others were present.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Ranikor Circle and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Umdohlun Circle on Tuesday met with Ashish Yadav, Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Bank. MRB) to discuss the need to open a new branch in Ranikor or Photkroh and also in Umdohlun or Wahkaji.
Speaking after the opening of the meeting of all political parties, Conrad said, “I don't understand where the VPP comes from.
We want to, but we have to follow the law.
He said that God has given us a beautiful nature everywhere, and it is up to the people to manage and use it.
I will look into this matter within ten years and you will see how we can solve the problem.
Fourthly, we must not live in unjustified fear and threat of murder.
Iawmulong Nartiang have secured a place in the quarterfinals of the Second Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) after beating Pynthorlangtein 3-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
The incident happened at about 7:30 pm in Dkhiah West, Khliehriat near a petrol pump.
Gratitude fills our hearts for the comfort and consolation we have received from the Kur Ki Kha, the Talang and Malang Kurs, the friends and relatives whom we can no longer count. names of each other.
Through this protest by the Sengbhalang groups in support of the village leaders of Pahammawleiñ including Bah George Tangsang Secretary Shnong, there was also a stir in the area and a temporary riot due to the suspension of the collection of taxes from public vehicles. The manager of the toll gate, Gagar Rahman, said that this is the second time that the Sengbhalang has turned to the toll gate on this issue.
Remember that the honor of a doctor is more important than the fact that people reject their decisions because patients trust them.
People from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills have flocked to the Seng Kut Snem by holding a march with music and dancing from Iewryng Square and ending at Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
In this regard, the Prime Minister has presented the budget, as shown above.
“The dorbar has not yet ended, but the resignation letter has already reached the desk of Dr. Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, while asking for the support of the people of Umsning Constituency, spoke on many of the issues and principles of the VPP party for the 2023 election in the state.
“There are now shops that are not owned by Khasi, you can say that those who sell food, soh, bags, women and men, if they are inside the shops or squares, they are not owned by others. The ethnic groups from the north who do not know where they came from, spread their goods when they find themselves in those places where the Khasi live who suspect that there is a priceless inheritance and the question. Trading by Non Tribal Act, as provided for under the Trading by Non Tribal Act, any foreigner, even if he does any small business, is required to obtain a trading licence. “They are following the rules and regulations under the Act,” said many Concern Citizens regarding the suspension of the issuance of trading licenses by the KHADC. The Basa of other ethnic groups have begun to make furniture inside the shops, which belong to the Khasi or Synteng, which are prepared for trade.
The management of NEIGRIHMS today held a meeting to discuss the measures to curb the spread of the corona virus inside or outside the hospital.
Please remember that even the High Court of the state has taken seriously this matter so that all these things will be clear and with solid documentation”.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar on March 1, 2023 has been successful.
Meghalaya is one of the states in the North Eastern Region of India which the Creator has blessed and blessed in many ways whether it is in terms of soil fertility, abundance of heritage. in the past or in the beauty of the Mother Nature which has attracted and attracted many foreigners to come just to visit our State.
We also spoke out against the violence against Christians across India.
Kumar confirmed that his family owned a tractor trolley which operated between Kathua and Punjab and police from the neighboring state had demanded money from him for this.
If we look back at the tournament which was held in 2022, although initially there were shortcomings in many aspects, but after overcoming the problems and improving the tournament, 19 sports events were held at 13 venues with the active participation of 3000 youths.
They used a small bridge to climb to the roof and used to steal the CCTV cameras of the gold shop.
This behavior endangers self, family and others as well.
These people were taken to the District Hospital and a health center in the village for treatment.
Therefore, it is time for young men and women especially to take up this sector as an employment opportunity because in this world today it is difficult to get Government jobs.
“At present, the price of diesel is T.67.45 per liter while petrol is T.74 per litre.
Philip MarweinThe National Register of Citizens (NRC) is a document containing all the names, ages, places of residence, names of parents and other details of citizens. of the Ri.
Police have recovered three vehicles and five registration cards from Gulam.
He took six wickets for 60 runs against Bihar in November.
“After discussion with the village leaders, the party has decided to hold a public march, to demand an investigation if the suspect is found, to punish him severely by imprisonment. shirt life.
The French army fought against the Khasi soldiers that day and all night.
Moodop and Kpermynsnieh in Thadlaskein Block in West Jaintia Hills were the areas where the campaign was held on Tuesday.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday seized a large quantity of Phensedyl and arrested three persons from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
After the retirement of Babu S. Lartang, Bah SR Marngar was appointed and after his death, Bah John Peter Syiemlieh was appointed.
Eating good and healthy food brings benefits and provides health, but eating bad food often causes problems for individuals and it is often found that the cause of The disease is caused by the consumption of foods that affect the health of the body.
I don't think that will have an impact," he said.
Meanwhile, Moosiang Lamare New played 1-1 against Lakadong Ummulong in the first half.
At this meeting, the KSU expressed its confidence in his leadership for the state especially in the development of the state.
In the first pre-quarter final, Mukhla Umlangchor beat Risingsun Mukhla 2-1
In particular, the Seng and the people urge those who misunderstand that we should not be misled by such creatures who come to mislead us through those development projects, perhaps, behind the scenes. to destroy us from this world, just for our own benefit, to replace me and you through those road development projects and others.
The election was held on Monday in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing.
Conrad said the Ateliers Meghalaya Award through the Meghalayan Age Project will also be a platform for artisans from across the state to exhibit their handicrafts and also to deliver their goods. of them to different markets.
Two MDCs of the party, who are also MLAs, Metbah Lyngdoh (Mairang) and Bah Brolding Nongsiej (Mawthadraishan) and four others have resigned from the post of MDC after the government accepted the to this law.
The prizes were awarded by the chief guest in the presence of the District Sports Officer of WJDSA K. Passah and senior leaders of the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
We should not think that the issue of uranium mining is only for us to discuss here or that it affects only us.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Home Affairs, said that after the incident, the Government has ordered the police to Three persons suspected to be involved in the incident have been arrested and two more persons have been arrested today. The investigation of those arrested.
“If they cannot bring those involved within two days, the KSU will take the necessary action,” said Augustan Timung President of KSU Lapangap Unit.
On the day of his departure, he will attend a meeting of all religions at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
New Delhi: Israel is in dire need of migrant workers in the country and offers a monthly salary of T.1.34 lakh to those who wish and are selected to go to the country.
Agnes demanded that the police should take action to punish the contractor who did the work, as the work could cause injury to the people.
He said that once the tax collection point is removed, it will be ensured that peace and stability will return as in the past.
To predict who will win or have the most prospects among these four is not easy and predictable.
On the 22nd of last month, three Mukroh residents were killed when the Assam Police opened fire on the protesters who came to demand the release of three villagers who were arrested by the Assam Police. Assam Police on charges of stealing timber from Assam forest.
The family members of the deceased said that after receiving treatment from the Civil Hospital, they took the student back to the village but after reaching the village, they took him back to the village. He was taken to Bethany Hospital after suffering a serious illness.
What can animals do for man? Here the article aims to show the importance and benefits that a dog does for its master in its daily life.
Mizoram MLA from the ruling Mizo National Front (MNF), Lalrintluanga Sailo, immediately visited the site and said that Mizoram is protecting its own border. He said that 80 percent of those living on the Assam-Mizoram border are Bangladeshis.
Myntuh is valid Myntuh.
If it is from both, why don't you appoint one person, when so many young people are looking for jobs.
It is learned that the area is rich in agricultural products such as kwai and tympew, but it is difficult for the farmers to deliver their produce to the market. road and reported that there are cases where the villagers have stopped in the middle of the road, especially if they are returning at night.
Where is the public service of Dr Mukul Sangma, when he does not do what the people want, the RBYDSO asked and why the Congress leaders are like mawbynna who cannot say a word.
State powerlifter Javed Sohtun has been selected to take part in the National Powerlifting Championship to be held in Bangalore organized by the International Powerlifting Federation (IPF) on 16th March. this year.
“You are stealing the money of the people,” said Gokhale.
The rally was organized by the Principal of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Brother Solomon Swer and was also attended by the teachers of the school.
He also recalled how in the two years that the state has been facing the challenges of COVID-19, the doctors and nurses of Robert Hospital and other hospitals in the state have dedicated their lives and souls. put your own life in danger.
Regarding the arrival of the piat pyut, Bah Wahlang has also informed the DC Supply West Khasi Hills office. Inspector on 31st July to inspect these pait pyut and the officers also directed Bah Wahlang to select only the best to distribute to the public.
Sambormi said the Secretary to the Mining Department, Bah Kharmalki, has also acknowledged the concerns of the coal traders and workers in this regard. The State Government and the Ministry of Coal India to discuss the issue of 100 hectares of land where there will be a shortage.
Jesus the Son of God does not want all people to live that life of superstition but only by believing in His Word which contains TRUTH. “Ye shall know the Truth, and the Truth shall make you free. John 8:31-3
Taking part in the memorial service for the deceased leaders of the state and the country, Martin said, “In 1998, when I first contested as a PDM candidate, I didn't have a I voted for myself but I voted for Bah Probin K Raswai.
Bhalang is a different child from all the other children.
“I want to let you know that that day is coming now.
Congratulations to all the former Alumni of the College.
Although the world has changed, Rida's eyes are still bright.
The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it is expected to be a very interesting match.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has seized 146 kilograms of gold worth Rs 82 crore from a gold shop in Hyderabad. loss of funds of the Government of India.
It is reported that these people came in their own car.
The Shillong Run has been running from 2011 to
This earth will become heaven.
Besides, he also spoke about the evasion of taxes from mineral resources and the failure of the State Government to collect taxes from tax-free and illegal vehicles.
The Municipal Corporation has conducted inspections in all four zones and issued challans to shopkeepers and street vendors regarding the use of prohibited plastic bags. and other plastic materials.
There was also the distribution of trophies to the winners of the Drawing-Painting Competition on education related drawings and also the distribution of memorabilia to the Pdengkseh Govt.
However, fortunately, due to the intervention of the farmers including the women, the BSF was able to stop this evil intention of the BSF who attacked and sent him away by sending him to apologize and touch them. The KSU said in a letter.
Bah Tunia said others have their own understanding, but in his understanding, the word 'Sacrifice' means 'to sacrifice one's life'
Dr War said that in 11 places where the testing has been conducted since 16th July 2020 till today 96 people have come for testing. non-High Risk Contacts of patients are positive.
Those who will receive the Ph.
Earlier, the UDP had appointed General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawtoh to join the KHNAM in the alliance of all the ethnic parties in the state.
Maham 144 crpc to the Sengbhalang, to arrest the khar poi, to arrest the paradoh parasnam, If you are the true authorities of the law to protect the Khasi land, arrest the khar poi first. After the Sengbhalang, they made laws and broke them. Fortunately, it is no longer the old days, but those who made laws have been destroyed.
On the allegations by the Congress that the raid is only to cover up the illegal activities of the MDA government, Prestone said, “I don't have time to respond to such unfounded allegations whether it is the Congress or the Congress. anyone because of these completely unfounded allegations.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said the MDA government has been in turmoil, its working is no longer based on how it works, it has borrowed thousands of crores and spent thousands of rupees. it is the money of the people.
The party said that in the session held on 15.04.2020, the EM answered the questions asked by Ma A. Shullai, Leader of Opposition. There were 21,019 detections at the two check gates at Mookyndur and Ratachera-Umkiang from 1 July 2019 to 29 February 2020 and the fines received were from 1 September 2018 to 29 February for 4,83,300 rupees.
Speaking on the occasion, Theilin Phanbuh Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women Commission said that girls need special protection and care especially in the field of education, food. She said that they also need to be protected from discrimination such as rape and child marriage.
In an interview with the village leader, as well as the residents of the village, they said that many of the residents in the village are farmers, and they also said that they face many problems regarding the to get development works, but their biggest problem is regarding the short road from the office of BDO Umling to the village.
This is the second time that these birds have been found in this area and this area has a breeding ground.
Not to forget the government departments such as the Arts & Culture Department, Planning Department, Tourism Department and North Eastern Council who have provided their assistance and support in the successful completion of the Behdieñkhlam festival.
Former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, Bah KP Pangñiang, said that to get this school is very difficult, because it is a scheme that has to go through many people. rules set by the federal government.
No one can say that crime in the State has increased excessively whether we talk about kidnapping, rape, murder, theft or others. It is unbelievable that the number of those convicted of all kinds of crimes is too small.
The reporter spoke to a BJP leader, but he said he did not know what decision they would take from Delhi and suggested to the reporter to speak to the party president, who is in Delhi. Delhi.
The SP said that according to police investigation, the HNLC member had recently returned from Bangladesh to Shillong to conduct membership recruitment and raise money.
Others saw that some of them were standing and shaking their bodies while others were standing with their hands and feet together to celebrate.
Will only those who stay inside the hostel be infected with COVID-19?” said the Seng leader.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor on Saturday said that there are about 974 election teams appointed for 59 constituencies. 893 election teams arrived at the polling station.
I have been told that the doctors and nurses are still undergoing training at NEIGRIHMS,” he said, adding that it is hoped that they will be able to implement after the training.
Another reason is the lack of action by the department to fulfill the promise made to Kong Siyoda Kharmudai, who is the owner of the land.
It also refused to accept an investigation appointed by the Club because it had no intention of appointing an investigator by the club accused of committing the offence.
Manas Joshi of M-Star Group said that this fashion show is through the initiative of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to increase the income of garment factories.
Madhav said that in some states, there has been a ban on beef for a long time, although he did not name those states.
He said that through this programme, we will have to fight against all kinds of evils such as corruption, poverty, religious and ethnic discrimination and pollution in the villages and to participate in the development of the country. get the court.
The donation includes 25 armored vehicles, 15 infantry fighting vehicles, 6 Strykers and others.
The Durbar Shnong informs all the residents of Umsning Lum-Umpih to take this as an information to take action and also to those who own land in Umsning Lum-Umpih to come and visit. Please contact the Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong before that date or you can also call 96126-91560/98627-0
Sangma said eight ministerial seats will go to the NPP, two to the UDP and one each to the BJP and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP). .
According to media reports, the Prime Minister will arrive in Shillong to chair the NEC meeting in the morning in the presence of all the Chief Ministers of the Eastern Region of India.
As children, we need to prepare for the Entrance Test and not be afraid or hesitate but work hard to reach our goal.
Papon's films, which he has produced for four years, include The Land of the Sacred Beats and The Mystical Brahmaputra.
The question is, “Why can't our youngsters pass the IAS examination? Is it because we are too slow or because the education system or the teaching methods in schools and colleges is not on par with other states? When we say that it is from schools and colleges, when we turn back to Manipur, we see that the education system in Manipur and Meghalaya does not differ much from each other. The first tribal in the eastern part of India was the Nampui Jam Chonga whose brain does not differ much in structure. ) or in your brain capacity.
He said that Heh spah is also a lawyer.
There are 7 CE Societies within the DNNT CE Union, so to celebrate the 25th Anniversary, the leaders of these 7 CE Societies, came to participate in the this is the celebration.
“It's not like the government of India has received a cheque,” ​​said Bah Banri.
The earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale struck at 4.16 pm on Tuesday and then 5.3 on the Richter scale in Champhai district at 4.10 pm on Tuesday. you have destroyed the souls of men.
Also the use of any type of public broadcasting equipment from 4 pm on 25th June 2023, until the end of the counting of votes on 27th June
The political parties who know that this tarajur has been handed over to the A'chik for 50 years do not even dare to bury it.
Meanwhile, they travel slowly to Nongstoin and Shillong.
It is only in the government service that there are those who receive pay without having to work even for 10 days in three years.
U Bah Thangkhiew, congratulated the leaders, for being able to introduce new members to the party and now the party invites the poor or rich, uneducated or educated to join the party. join the HNLC, because the door of the party is never closed.
He said that as teachers from primary to higher secondary levels are demanding and protesting together, he is not happy.
Finally, the organization congratulates and encourages all the children to work harder and achieve more in the days to come.
They were taken to the CJM, Shillong and police were given six days to investigate.
The song was recorded at Chilang Records and produced by Dezan Ronhaluz.
The Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training (DER) has said that the registration is open to all regardless of educational level but anyone who has reached the age of 14 years can register with the department.
The landslide has covered the entire village of Ile Ape Timur, located in Lembata district, East Nusa Tenggara.
Thus, these authorities have deceived the farmers that the cold storages are no longer working; The farmers cannot refuse to auction their produce at the kharkaia.
It may be recalled that last month, the Ministry of Home Affairs had held a meeting with the Police Department which was also attended by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), Meghalaya on this issue.
The presence of these books in the area has attracted many visitors especially tourists from all over the country.
James asked Lukha, and promised that he would take people from Israel and America to clean the acid with the algae (aitlen) treatment!? Please note that the algae treatment does not cleanse the acids.
Similarly, when we see others rising in income, many times bad reputation happens to mislead others not to cooperate in any field with such people.
Runners must bring their Epic Card, Birth Certificate or Aadhar Card for verification at the time of registration.
In Mukroh Village which falls under the 4-Mowkaiaw Assembly Constituency there is one polling station for women and one polling station for men and these polling stations are only for the residents of Mukroh Village.
Shillong: The road from Sohkrot to Marwir, which falls under Mawthadraishan, has been in poor condition despite the cleanliness.
The Diocese of Jowai invites all to attend the consecration of Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar on the 1st March, 2023 at the Church of the Holy Spirit Parish, Ummulong, at 10:00 am.
In the 75 kg above category, Heiwamut Laloo (Kiangnongbah College), Saka Korelhei (KL Bajoria College) and Dasien Miki (Shillong College) won the first place.
Replying to a question by Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui in the House, the Minister said that the production of kwai has reached Rs 382.22 crore.
John Lyngdoh Secretary JSTCA said that the 3 State Permit costs 2900 tyngka per annum while the All India Permit costs 25,000 tyngka per annum for vehicles with AC and 15,000 tyngka per annum for vehicles without AC.
The meeting of the residents of Ïooksi village has decided to stage a mass protest if MeECL does not take action to fix the bill light of the residents.
Shillong: BJP MDC Bhupendra Hajong has lodged an FIR against Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Chief Executive Member Dipul Marak for allegedly cheating. for the support of the EC within the District Council.
Before the reply of the Deputy Chief Minister, a meeting was held by the Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie. Government leader George B Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang, Meralborn Syiem, Adelbert Nongrum, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Azad Zaman and Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma expressed their condolences to the government. He also urged the government to introduce strong laws to eradicate drugs from the state, as well as to introduce them if assistance is provided to the people who have become addicted to drugs.
Mexico has experienced a heatwave for about three months in July and this has prompted authorities in some parts of the country to close schools and schools. schools for fear of being affected and getting sick due to the bad weather which is very dangerous to their health.
The tournament is scheduled to start tomorrow and the final will be held on Independence Day.
In one of his articles, Bah HH Mohrmen reminded us that the theme of the UN for the celebration of World Environment Day this year is “Beat Plastic Pollution” and India has been selected as the country. Host Country.
However, the visit of the Chief Minister and his Ministers to Delhi was in vain as the Prime Minister kept these issues on hold.
In the U-18 Boys category, Batskhemlang Thongnirit of Nativity Higher Secondary School and Ibanrisha Kharwanniang Jakrem of Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won.
Therefore, today 16th November 2023 the village has convened a special meeting to inspect the old PHE water tank and JJM water tank, the pipes that have reached the house and met with the the owners of the houses who did not have water.
“I will write to the Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital and I will also meet him on Tuesday to discuss this issue so that the arrested persons cannot take advantage of the situation by getting sick just to escape. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” she said, adding that their plan is only to divert the investigation.
We urge the people of Khasi Jaintia to support the NPP as it has tried to do its best under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
Shillong: The KSU Mawkyr Wat Circle, in a statement, has warned the owners, contractors and shopkeepers not to bring foreign workers into the area. Thaiñ Mawkyrwat or to lead them to do any trade activities and warned that if they do against the KSU will take strong action.
She said the government is following the directive of the High Court regarding the Roster System of the Reservation Policy.
Roshan Singh tied 39 runs off 20 balls while Manish Prasad tied 25 runs off 15 balls.
If colleges have to hire faculty and staff they will have to increase college fees," he said.
“As mentioned earlier, after the Meghalaya High Court banned the import of coal to Bangladesh, the Minor Mineral Lease Holder has appealed to the Supreme Court to challenge the order. of the Meghalaya High Court to ensure the relief and livelihood of the thousands of children of the state.
“She said that this payment by the state government has increased the problems of the people, as it is these days and they hope that the government will continue to provide this support. Because if there are 10 cases of COVID-19 who can be treated at home, there are only 4 cases.
The family members have tried to search for them but cannot find them, so they have appealed to the law enforcement agencies to help in the search.
“This clearly shows that the quota of SCs/ST is fixed according to their paid income in the States or Union Territories.
It would be surprising if both the offices in Tura and Imphal would cost only 69,000 tyngka per month.
“The government has already sent its reply to the Election Commission of India and is awaiting its reply,” he said.
Imphal: About 150 students from Manipur have enrolled in government schools in Delhi, New Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said on the occasion of the bloodshed. free day at one of the schools in the nation’s capital.
Two people were killed and three others injured when their vehicle collided with a rock on National Highway
Friends, the time of God's grace has come to an end.
The residents of Noapara have also lodged a complaint with the Langpih Outpost Police Station, informing them of the forced construction of the job card road by the Assam government from Noapara to Kshaid Balwa Wari. since the year 2021.
The meeting was conducted by the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, in the presence of other government officials.
Archbishop Dominic Jala was born on 12th November 1951 in Mawlai and was ordained a priest on 19th November
Bah Sylliang said that at present many of the people also go to register their land with the KHADC at a small price.
He said that both of them could not produce a certificate from the village authorities and a certificate from the Rangbah Kur Lyngdoh to prove that they belong to the kur.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The riots in Tura on Tuesday were unplanned and seem to have been involved by political parties, as out of the 20 people arrested, many were members of the TMC and BJP. The chief of those arrested is Richard Marak, TMC leader and a close associate of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
It was a gift to the gods, but it was given with money that was no longer needed and this happened at the Tirupati temple in Andhra Pradesh.
The distribution of rice and food items was held on Friday at Bakur village in the presence of Kur Lamin leaders including President Eraldus Lamin and Wespar Lamin and other Kur leaders.
In the Jowai zone, Ladthadlaboh moved up to the top of Group-B after beating Mulait United 2-0
These households have been placed in the Micro Containment Zone after it was found that there has been a spread of COVID-19 from these households. These households should be included in the list, which is not open to the public.
Later, he tells about his life too and says “It was my mother, who saved me.
Regarding this incident, the people especially from the rural areas and the poor and the rich have faced many problems because they cannot find the officers on time and cannot complete their work. For one job, the loss of income because especially they have to leave the day labor.
If we talk about the tipbriew tipblei in the field of justice, the Khasi man teaches his children to respect the right and the truth.
In 2001, during the tenure of Prime Ministers, (L) Bah EK Mawlong and Prafulla Mahanta decided to return Block I and Block II to Meghalaya.
Mawphniang said the Governor has received the complaint of the ANWU and has promised to talk to the authorities concerned about the issues faced by the day laborers and contract workers. This school has faced many challenges.
“You sent them from Jowai, so why did you send them?” said Thombor, when he asked these leaders, but the answer he received was, “It's too late, there are only women,” he said. Ma Thombor, said that these guards were at the meeting place.
The PHC has set up many committees to provide better services to the people in which the Village Authority, Rangbah Shnong and Sordar have been members.
On the government's intention to extend the term of MDCs, he said he could not ask questions as the Governor can authorize to extend the term of the Council.
Besides the chief guest, he spoke on the intention to hold this Volleyball Tournament under the Scheme Rural Sports of the Government of Meghalaya for the year 2021-22 as part of the selection of boys and girls. to lead the District to participate in the Meghalaya Game which will be held soon in Tura in November
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union together with the Self Help Group (SHG) of Muster Roll and Mid Day Meal (MDM) Cooks from Mihmyntdu Village held a meeting on 3rd March at Lumpyrdi, Mihmyntdu to explain the issue. public schemes for the benefit of day laborers.
And when he was come near, he went up to Jerusalem.
This day is only a warning to the MDA government that if it does not do anything in the next few days and months, COMSO has already decided to go to the people of the state and In the coming days we will come to close the Secretariat.
These leaders of the party and the village urged the Prime Minister to take action immediately.
Similarly, the daily searches and mistakenly imposed a heavy Kuna without forgiveness.
After the counting of votes and after the defeat, there were riots in some places because those supporters of the defeated candidate did not believe that they would be defeated. even after they were pretty sure of winning.
Referring to the TMC party, Andres said the TMC has the principles to include different religions, as well as minorities.
Police were late to extinguish the fire.
It is just a public misrepresentation, when the government has the money to appoint retired officers to other departments or as advisors to the MLAs who have won elections and hold festivals, why doesn't it have them? The Movement asked.
The KHADC dorbar held on 18th March, 2016 has decided to open an investigation into allegations of corruption in the transfer of funds collected from the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin into the accounts of private individuals. and also to the account of the KHCF which organizes the Mawbynna Festival in Mawphlang.
BJP Secretary David Kharsati has explained that many of the schemes that the central government has just launched such as the Mudra Scheme where the people can borrow from T.10,000 to T.10 lakh without paying. You don't need to be responsible or responsible for government employees.
It is not hers (unfortunately in the Khasei society, there is no wife/mrs (it is the Lok/compa-nion). the World and turned into a Khasi Jait Mother/Woman.
On the part of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, it sends its best wishes and best wishes to John Ronald Sangriang.
He said that last year, the department had seized more than 20 stolen ar-shaka including those from Assam.
The meeting with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosterwell Chyne was also on the grounds that the party is concerned about the illegal entry of foreigners to set up businesses and earn money in Ri Bhoi from Umsning, Nongpoh, Byrnihat, Khanapara and other parts of the district without trading and labor licenses.
The shop is located at Kynshi Station in Armala, where the products such as Ashar, Umsoh, Kriah, shang, jhur seeds, ngap and other products are displayed by the SHGs. Speaking at the opening ceremony, the DC said that the presence of SHGs is a great blessing to the poor women, because through them, they can work by producing ashar. , umsohk, kriah ki shang , sewing and other activities that will help to improve their income and income.
In this regard, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the organization of such a tournament is very important to bring fame and glory to the state as a whole.
They also said that they have informed the Minister of Home Affairs and the MLA of Mawhati Constituency about the police station, but no sign has been seen yet. .
One by one governments have denied this basic need of the people and also connectivity in trade activities among the states of the region.
This is essential, so that there is no conflict between the present OM and para 2 of the Resolution dated 12.01.1972, as mentioned in the first paragraph.
This was announced in a statement by GM Phanbuh General Secretary.
It destroys their religion, traditional beliefs and customs.
According to the recommendations of the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T.1,28,122.40 crore for the SDRF for the years 2021-22 to 2025-2
The people of the country, in these days, should carry iong flags in their homes, vehicles, two wheelers, as a sign that we are against the killing government, because it has not yet been able to punish, to dismiss. to the murderers who took the life of Bah Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew.
The population density of the country is 382 people per sq.km.
Former BJP leader JA Lyngdoh, who has returned to the Congress to contest from North Shillong Constituency, said that Hek will face a challenge this time against his opponent Rocky. Heck.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The SSA 2nd Division Football League will resume today at the SSA Ground.
Sanjita has already won the gold medal in the 48kg category by beating Mirabai Chanu at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
“We will look into this matter and come up with measures to prevent and avoid such incidents in the coming days,” he said.
Swati Maliwal, of the Delhi Commission for Women, has directed the Delhi Police to lodge a complaint and launch an immediate investigation.
It shall be called 'Longkmie Village'
The members of the committee are elected from NEHU and NEIGHRIMS, said Bah Hek.
Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya was also present as the Chief Guest. to the society as a whole.
The struggle to see others climb and not being able to allow them to reach the clear, leads to a spirit of jealousy and hatred of such people by pulling them down, this affects the unity.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The UDP and HSPDP today took their final decision on the constituency allocation for the 2018 MLA elections.
Even the village authorities have not yet decided how the registration will proceed but they said that it is an order from the government authorities.
He also promised that if the mother comes out soon, her name will be kept secret from the public and she will not be punished.
“They said they would get 30 candidates in this election, these will get 30 candidates? If I had 15 candidates, they would have won, but now even 10 candidates will not win,” said Bah Bindo.
Of course, we don't mean to say that these departments are not necessary but those in the government themselves are the ones who are the most vulnerable.
In the men's category, Pratham Majumdar, Mewanpyntngen Shadap, Akshit Upadhyay and Aaron S Momin will compete.
The vision of the village leaders will benefit all the people and make the village beautiful and free from trouble and congestion.
At present, the government plans to install solar lights because it will be easier and cheaper for the consumers.
Shillong, Shillong, has concluded the fourth edition of the Spirit of Meghalaya Hills Festival on the 1st and 2nd November at Umiam River in Umbir.
Please take precautions to avoid injury in an accident.
We couldn't find anywhere else to go inside," said one spectator who was accompanying his four-year-old son.
Abhishek said that if the AITC is elected to take over, the people of the state will run the Government in Meghalaya, unlike those leaders who have run the Government from the street stalls in Guwahati and Delhi. .
The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh was the chief guest at the program in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah A.Nongbri, Block Development. Mairang C&RD Block Officer, V. Swer, District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills District, PB Nongbri, Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, KM Syiemlieh, Sordars of the area and others.
In Jesus' day, people lacked such basic necessities as health and medical care, food, shelter, and clothing.
The White House said the ability of governments and authorities around the world to vaccinate citizens has helped and saved millions of lives. Many people have lost their lives in the Covid-19 pandemic.
“After much discussion, Clifford Miranda has been appointed as Head Coach of the Men's U-23 National Team.
So when he saw this opportunity, he decided to start this business.
“Because Amit Shah, the BJP leader of the Union Government, has said that the Central Government will introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) and after the Assam government introduces the National Registration. Citizen (NRC) is no longer something we should wait for and listen to because we don't have any strong law to protect the people,” he said.
You can't follow me now;When the time comes, you can follow me.
The death toll was highest in the US with 83,356, the UK with 33,263 and Italy with 31,1
The winners of these two matches will qualify for the final and will also qualify for the Elite Group next season.
The heavy rainfall has also caused heavy flooding in the area and many of the passengers have been stranded due to the high water which has caused traffic jam especially small vehicles and only heavy vehicles can travel. walk because of the strength of the water.
Hundreds of drivers accompanied by various groups came to the protest.
West Jaintia Hills District, especially Jowai, has been affected by the spread of drugs and other intoxicants and has been included as one of the 272 districts most affected by drugs. hotspot areas (Hotspot areas).
“If we had followed others, he (Himalaya) should have resigned as MLA like Martin M Danggo,” he said.
Three deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills and 01 from West Jaintia Hills.
“On the other hand, Bindas has informed their leader, but unfortunately he has not given a reply yet, whether there is a scheme to build this road”.
During his visit to Nagaland, Mishra will also meet with leaders and members of other civil society organisations.
The cost of the NRHM has reached T.4.25 crore.
D for working professionals offered by Jindal Global Law Schools and IITs, Executive Fellow in Management or Ph.D.
Mawlai SC won the first leg while the second leg against Shillong Lajong was suspended due to flooding and will continue to play in the remaining minutes. which will be held on the 1st of May.
Why is it necessary to run it from Meghalaya? Then comes the question, do you want ILP or Sixth Schedule relating to District Councils? In Mizoram and Manipur, there are District Councils, but they have also received the ILP Act. There has been another discussion on the issue of cow meat, that the people should not eat cow meat anymore, while they themselves drink cow's milk. drink the milk, the milk of the cow's milk, and the milk of the cow's milk, the cow's milk.
Tourist attractions which should be attracting people, people pollute.
The winners of the drawing competition were Bannehskhem D Rani of Christian Higher Secondary School in the first place, Cynthia Mangu of RBP in the second place and Robanson Langi of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School in the second place. third.
These include EGH: 36, EJH: 08, EKH: 173, NGH: 21, RBD: 75, SGH: 18, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 31, WGH: 78, WJH: 25 and WKH:
The resumption of the Meghalaya Games after 16 years has encouraged various states to hold state-level multi-sports events.
In a statement sent to the media, he said that this raid was conducted for the benefit of the people who have suffered from the illegal activities committed by some. so many groups and individuals involved in increasing the price of food and beverages.
The incident occurred at 11 pm near the bus stand at Hawakhana, Tura.
B.Nguefang in the 18th and 84th minutes, Jerry Shylla in the 31st and Sani Phawa in the 64th minute.
May God bless you all.
On the health of children and women who are still poor and vulnerable, there is no Asha in the village to look after them.
Nongstoin has 42819 voters, Rambrai Jyrngam 39368 voters and Mawshynrut 49105 voters.
God says he will bring an end to Death.
“The Mawiang Hima, the State of Meghalaya, the country and the nation have lost one of the greatest men, a great man, a ruler who was prominent in the country and the world.
Besides those who died, there were many others who were injured.
Shillong: On the 19th July 2023, the second public meeting of the Amlarem Development Association will be held at Enowell Hall Amlarem at 10 pm. Local MLA Lahkmen Rymbui said that the upgradation of PHC Jarain has been unfair, because he has upgraded it to a Sub-Divisional Hospital which should have been at the Head. Quarter, Learn Sub-Division, Learn.
The coronavirus has spread rapidly in Delhi.
The DRBSRBD today held a public meeting at Iew Nongpoh and appealed to the people to give their full support to the government which has tried to introduce the laws. rules that affect the nation and especially the customs and traditions.
She also explained the benefits of blood donation, where it can reduce the risk of stroke, it can also reduce the risk of heart attack. It also reduces the risk of cancer, reduces the amount of fat in the body, helps in circulation, and helps to strengthen the blood. u heart (liver).
He identified himself as Paramisom Marak, 19, of Badagazni village, Sherpur district, Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, MDCs Macdalyne S. Mawlong and Victor Rani, NPYF President Samla Pyndaplang Wahlang and State President Samla Pyndaplang Wahlang were also present. The NPYF, Samla Kitbor Nongrem, said that the NPP Party has a goal to win the 2023 elections in the state, as many of the people have turned to this recognized party. The Election Commissioner of India (NPP) has appointed (L) Purno A. Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya. state.
Shillong, July 23: The formal peace talks between the HNLC and the Indian and state governments will start soon, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
The strike will continue after the government refused to call for talks with the teachers, said JACATAM chairman Collin Wanñiang. Italian Khasi and Garo are the two indigenous languages ​​of Meghalaya with the largest number of speakers.
Answering questions, Dr. Nonglait said that the absence of all the Seng or Leaders at the Seminar and the protest is due to the fact that letters were not sent to all, but only to a few. Several Ministers of the State Government were the chief guests to open the seminar and two MPs from the Khasi community, Bah Vincent Pala, MP Lok Sabha and Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP of the National Assembly.
Let us sing a verse from KHB No.123 verse 1 which says: All the religions of God, All those in the world, Blood, nor the will of man, Have changed the heart of evil.
However, at the time of writing, it has not been confirmed whether this may be the case.
He said he does not know how many MDCs will win but he is sure that the NPP will hold power in these district councils.
If the farmers understand better about the soil condition or pH, the agriculture will also improve and benefit them.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The heavy rainfall last month has severely affected crops across the country.
As we know that kajor is very good for the eyes because it contains Carotenoid Vitamin A. It helps to heal the body and also to strengthen the immunity to fight against diseases.
In Shillong, we have selected those places where the disease is more likely to occur.
“Besides, he said that the government has promised to issue mining license but here too they have refused, but they have issued coke plants which has turned into a problem for the people.
The tournament was opened with the slogan of the Seng, “MAITSHAPHRANG KHLUR KA RI”.
The subject of superstition is long and has been introduced into mankind since ancient times and its origin is from the devil and Satan, because his job is to frighten and deceive man when by death.
These villages are headed by motors and in some places they are called Garo Rangbah Shnongs,” said the Secretary of the Malor Association of Dwara Nongtyrnem Sirdarship.
He expressed his condolences to the family members of the victims.
After receiving the complaint, the police followed up and learned that the kidnappers had arrested the kidnapped man, who was identified as Mahindra Rai.
The incident occurred after the NPP candidate was defeated by the UDP candidate in the area after the MDC election in JHADC.
These candidates who have qualified and have been able to become full candidates from these five constituencies include from 08-Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, Congress, Bah Makdoh, Shemphang Lyngdoh of the UDP, Dr. Evarist Myrsing of the BJP, Dr. Evalin Kharbani of the HSPDP, Dr. Saralin Dorphang of the TMC, Dr. Raswell Shadap of the PDF and Bah Raswell Shadap of the PDF. Osbert Banteilang Rynjah as an independent candidate.
Lord's Mark Biotech, a subsidiary of Lord's Mark and a leading company in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals for health, has launched Tinefcon. , which is a medicine for the treatment of psoriasis.
“Although we understand that this person was involved in the shooting death of our brothers and sisters in Mukroh, but the party has a sympathy and a sympathy to the family members of this person. The Assam police have been waiting for his body to arrive home so that they can perform the rituals.
I urge you to continue working hard and one day you will be able to reach your goal,” he added.
The PU welcomed Dr. A. Pariong to the party as a full member after the President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, was appointed as a full member. On the 9th November 2015, I welcomed Bah D.Jyndiang who won the mid-term election as MLA to replace Ma ieit Hoping. at the door of Blei.
At its first meeting held on Saturday at the Community Hall in Khliehriat West, the party announced that the party aims to develop the people of the area who work in the energy industry. fire in the area.
Many of those who applied did not receive the forms.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15: The Kur Blah was established at Ladrymbai Khliehdupon today as part of the Kur Blah in East Jaintia Hills District. miat of the kur of the tribe.
Only village shops which are not open on Sundays and food shops which have been approved, which are farther away from the place of worship, shall be allowed.
This is the teaching we have received from ancient times, why we call Mei the Rymew; for it is the bread of all flesh, both of moving and of breathing.
I suggest to the Government that it should give only one decision to all the institutions.
He said that the Association has faced difficulties in terms of funds to send these children but due to the hard work of its members, they have had to take loans.
And the question that arises is who should we call Kur and who should we call kha? This is also one of the issues that our internet youths are talking about.
Therefore, the RBYF Mawhati, has made it clear that it cannot tolerate this behavior of the company, which does not think anymore for the benefit of the community, in which the RBYF feels that “It is only for the personal benefit of the company that is constructing the road,” he added.
Like the building of the National Assembly which has been under construction since 2001 but has not moved forward in almost 20 years.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is fondly called Mama by his followers, was elected as a BJP MLA in 2016 after leaving the Congress party over a disagreement with the BJP. He and former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi have ended their 15-year relationship with the party.
“Bah Tynsong said that the construction of the new tnum pyllun will also start soon.
Israel's health ministry says more than 260 bodies have been recovered from an Israeli military base after a Hamas attack.
Khliehriat, July 7: Despite the opposition, the ubiAttendance App for school teachers has been launched in East Jaintia Hills District. track the timely arrival of teachers to schools as well as the time they leave school.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The UDP has no longer supported Ardent Basaiawmoit to be the CEM of KHADC, and has also reported that if the UDP does not change its leadership, it will leave the ARPA. , Rupang today spoke to a leader of the HSPDP, Bah Witting Mawsor, MLA Mawshynrut, to inquire whether the HDPDP is ready to replace the leader as demanded by the UDP. .In an interview with Bah Witting, he said that he has not yet said anything on this issue until the ARPA meeting which he expects the CEM to call soon. “If the meeting is right, that's enough, if it's not right, we have to think about it, it's our household business and we don't want to say anything,” said Witting Mawsor.
Pramila Turkey and Sr.
According to him, the Council should have allocated more as it is the department in charge of customs and culture.
They don't want to do anything illegal just to protect themselves.
It is a special day to commemorate the death of Jesus on the first Thursday after the fourth month.
Between June and June 2023, the pipelines connecting to the factories of these illegal coal mining factories have been demolished and ensured that they can no longer operate.
He also alleged that this forced construction of the bypass road from a new location, through the consultation of the village headmen of Laitlyngkot Elaka, is because everyone gets their own benefit.
North Korea wants to keep its leader Kim Jong Un alive for more than 100 years and has set up a special center for the treatment. such as the “Longevity Center”.
In a petition sent to the Director of Health Services (MI), the Seng said, “According to the documents received from your office, we have found that the State Government The Health Department has informed your office on 4-2-2009 that it has approved the construction of an Ayurvedic Center in our C&RD Block at a cost of T.84,96,000/- ( Five Hundred Four Lakh Nine Hundred Seven Thousand).
The DGP said that Mawlai is a peaceful village but the problem they are facing is due to the increasing number of drug dealers and drug users.
In other states like Manipur, Mizoram and other North Eastern states, there is a holiday on this special day, even though it is the financial year.
“It is not pleasant to appear in the media to criticize the Chairman because it depends on his ability to conduct the dorbar,” she said.
Written by S. Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh Lyngdoh Lyngdoh, Bakhraw of the Raid of Nongkrem, Hima Khyrim.
Shillong, November 14: The Nongsken Pyllun (SPNP) on Tuesday to encourage and encourage those students who have done well in various examinations of the year , Nongshken Pyllun Village, who passed well in the SSLC examination this year, including Habashisha Khongkip, Saroilang Dura and Bamankyrhai Khongsngi.
Therefore, he hopes that as young people, they will improve from time to time in this regard.
“You say to give T.24,000 to the poor mothers who have lost their husbands, why don't you give it to the parents because there are many parents who raise their children because their mothers have died,” she said. .
Replying to a question, the NPP leader said that former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is still confident of winning again if he contests from Ampati which is his own constituency before he resigns and allows the election. daughter to enter politics, who became the current MLA of Ampati.
Furthermore, the government has created opportunities for the youth in the fields of sports and music and will also look after others who have their own role.
The Friends of Jesuits urge the Chief Minister to talk to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to release Fr.Stan Swami and end all the charges against him. to u.
The Government of Canada has also reassured and encouraged the people outside Canada that Canada is a peaceful and secure country and they need not fear anything despite the conflicts between the country and India in these few days.
Where do these copper sulphates and acids come from?
Although they cannot speak or hear, they have a special wisdom that the Creator has given them.
Also present on the occasion were AAM members, Sports Department coaches Bansaralin Dhar, SAI coaches Gunin Changmai, Besuta Vero and Jag Prasad.
The NEEDP program was launched by the NEC Secretary, K. Moses Chalai, IAS. Sarma, Program Head, NEEDP & Flo Oberhofer.
On the other hand, referring to the collection of revenue by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) from the farmers, Bah Marngar said that he has already raised this issue in the House and on the part of the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has promised to talk to the Assam Government as well as the KAAC.
Among the violations of the election rules, the authorities have sent a letter seeking clarification on the manner of campaigning which is like insulting people.
Speaking on the occasion, MPCC President Vincent H Pala said that the Congress party will include a financial assistance of T.3000 per month to single mothers. household and will be T.36000 per annum.
The doubts about the bill have arisen after the Governor of Meghalaya has issued a suspension order to Bah Pynshngain who has not resigned from the post of MDC/MLA and the urgent resignation of six MDCs. that turned babe ei.
“I have also chaired the Dorbar in the last Dorbar, I am sure I don't have any doubts,” said Teilinia, who has also chaired the Dorbar as the Interim Chairman of KHADC. which was last year.
Now we are talking about Artificial Intelligence which has started to take over all the jobs that people do, but we don't think about water which is the most important thing in human life.
It is worth mentioning that the headquarters of the Assam Rifles has been shifted from Aizawl to Zokhawsang.
Shillong, Nailur 5: U Ma Qualy Suiam, former CEM of JHADC, who passed away yesterday, was buried today at his village in Mootyrshiah, West Jaintia Hills District.
After that, as the days went by, people started seeking him out for treatment.
At the same time, he said that the state is facing a lot of challenges due to the lack of skilled teachers in Science, Mathematics especially in the rural areas, and this makes the children not interested in these subjects. subject.
who spoke about APSTA's good works that it has been able to accomplish and also the works that have caused disappointment to members for unsatisfactory reasons according to the wishes of some members.
Don't worry about what people say but the Creator knows how to choose between the good and the bad.
Regarding the NPR or Aadhaar, the union demands that the government should conduct public awareness programs in the villages before implementing this scheme. Shillong, November 20: School teachers under the banner of AMSSASTA have decided to seek clarification from the Human Resources Department. Resources Development (HRD) of the Union Government in New Delhi after they were surprised by the salary difference between trained and untrained teachers.
He talks to officers of the departments within the Departments of I & B and Animal Husbandry & Fisheries.
However, even if the French or the Dkhars stay in our country for a while, we see that they never call their children Khasi.
B of the Forest Department, Government of Assam, and the owner of the house is Kong Slinda Wahlang Singh, the mother of Kutu Munu from Manipur and who lives within the border of the state. Assam.
“It is a day to remember the people when the Governor approved the KHADC Land Bill, 2021,” said Bah Titos Chyne, CEM of KHADC. today.
The timsih has become so widespread that even the school children and the children don't feel comfortable to release even in places where there are elders nearby. it's everywhere.
Because I have expressed before him that there are many youths or groups who are self-employed and stand on their own feet but do not have the opportunity to set up food factories.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent, when asked about the visit of the ministers of the MDA Government, said that they came as citizens, not as government ministers to encourage the protest.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Leaders of various churches, including various groups, today held meetings with the youth in Tura town and the reason, is because of the discussion, and there were devils in the city.
The six laws that will go along with the ILP are the Residential Permit for Immigrants and Non Tribals, the Work Permit for Immigrants and Non Tribals, the Trading and Business Permit for Non Indigenous Peoples, the Prohibition and Detection of Benami. Transaction, the village Permanent Redisential Registration and the Special Democratic Right.
I also asked the nurses, “Sister, can I get hot water?” They replied, “There is no hot water in this room.
He reminded that if these two work together, there will be no problem for the country to develop.
They said that in Lum Jaintia, coal has been mined in places far away from the river while in Assam Quarry, coal has been mined near the river.
Saikia, who had gone to inspect the border with Sushmita Dev, former MP of Silchar, was on his way to the border areas when he was stopped by a Mizoram policeman. Saikia allegedly went to Mizoram and said, “I cannot take responsibility for your happiness”.
Jowai does not have a proper garbage dump and it was found that the residents dump their garbage in the wrong place.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday (Saturday) met at the Khliehriat (East) Club Hall to discuss the Village Administration Bill and the Village Administration Bill. The meeting was conducted by Tbn. Bah Crosslin Rymbai, President, Union of Village Authorities, East Jaintia Hills District.
In the complaint signed by the Chairman of JACBoM, Bah Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga and Secretary, Bah Rastingwell Thabah, the JACBoM has informed about the wrongdoing of the Police of Jri Kyndeng Police Station who shot and injured the victim. One child named Wanlangki Sungoh, Manki Sungoh and Augustine Shylla.
Shillong, March 29: Dr. Adviser Pariong, one of the candidates who has applied for the ticket from the Congress party, has lost hope. Rupang today met with former MLA of Pariong Constituency Dr. Adviser Pariong to discuss the election issues. The election will be held in Nongstoiñ Constituency.
In the match between Nongkrem SC and Nongthymmai SC, both sides had many chances and missed the target.
When the dorbar was over, they all went back to their villages and announced that from that time onwards the children should be given to the mother.
The visit was led by Luistar Lyngdoh, Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Umling Circle, Publicity Secretary of FKJGP. , North Khasi Hills District, Bah Ricky Majaw, with several members of the party.
The Des Buckingham-led side rocked the ISL last season, breaking 17 tournament records, before winning the trophy for the second consecutive time out of 18 fight, and there are still two even left to play.
It is worth mentioning that the UDP has already sent a letter to the meeting that it does not agree to form a committee, but it has also sent a letter with its opinions while other parties have asked for time to sit. think carefully within their organization before taking the decision to form the committee.
The KHADC has enacted its own Building Act to issue building permits and has decided to implement this Building Act from 1st November.
He said that Prodipta had spoken badly to the village authorities and also to the owner of the shop, in which he said that she had spoken badly and that she did not respect the village headman or the owner. ing.
When the Minister of Roads, Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, visited Baghmara and Ranikor in June this year, he said that the road will be completed in June 2024 but looking at the construction of this road and the problems that arise, it is difficult to complete it.
The District Police of West Jaintia Hills was led by Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya and Superintendent of Police Bah C Syrti while the District Police of West Karbi Anglong was led by Deputy Commissioner Krishna Baruah and Superintendent of Police.
On the same day, the residents of Lumkseh lodged an FIR against the son of the Sordar of Tynring at the Police Out Post Mawdiangdiang and sent it to Nongmynsong Police Station.
Through the complaint of the mother of the youth, it was said that on the 2nd at about 3 pm, he left home to play, but until 6 pm, he did not return home. After that, the mother went to look for her son and found him on the side of the road, at the start of the fly over road at Umroi. Nazareth Hospital Shillong.
(John 12:24) Jesus was crucified alone on the cross and until the day of his death he was not afraid or surrendered to the Caesars of the Roman Empire and did not back down from the struggle. against injustice.
He said that tobacco use is one of the leading causes of premature deaths worldwide and affects human health in two ways, temporary and temporary. and long-lasting.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of the Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA), including the parents of the participants.
On the other hand, the union not only has conducted a search operation and arrested these children who have been addicted to drugs but also wants these children who have been addicted to drugs to be released. syndon is not a slave.
There is no officer in Meghalaya like Kembhavi.
He was admitted to NEIGHRIMS on the 11th of this month and died yesterday due to Covid-19 and other illnesses.
Do not park or drive vehicles during floods and stay away from electrical posts to avoid being electrocuted.
Thaiang said that the forced separation from the United Khasi Hills and Jowai Sub-Division and the forced merger of the area with the Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong) of Assam in , has been destroyed by the order of the Government of Assam issued in 1955, which has repealed this Notification dated 13th April 1951 and in which there has been a new ground demarcation. ) was established in 1958 by the United Khasi Hills and the United Mikir and North Cachar Hills.
You should not vote just because you have bought a vote.
Therefore, he urged the schools in South West Khasi Hills District as well as the parents and students to take responsibility so that they can bring about the development of the area and produce them. Sngap Syiem College and through them it is expected that this school will become one of the prominent schools in the coming years.
“We have to praise Maieid Hoping, because he has the courage to have the basis of truth and he has not become a merchant from the Hima Sima political party like the politicians today. There are also short stories that he was expelled from the party just because he went to break down the Monopoly Gate of a Marwari in Shiliang area to save the small traders in that area. APHLC where in fact he should have been promoted to the APHLC to protect the poor, but he was expelled,” said the CEM. What will happen to our State if we don't have a wise and brave leader like Maieid Hoping, who has been a leader since the Hills State struggle? We still have this visionary leader who doesn't care about wealth, honor and position and only for the sake of the country and the nation, but the sad thing is that the good intentions of He said that many of the issues he has not been able to complete because there is no supporter and these issues include the land issue, the border issue of 12 A and others.
Rebel groups including the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA), the Liberation Achik Elite Force (LAEF), the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLCA) and the Achik Sangma An'pachakgipa Kook (ASAK) have been killed. They demanded that the government should release Charles D Shira within three days, otherwise they have threatened to kill Garo Hills.
Sir Momin's appearance will defeat the NPP from Rambrai constituency.
Ïaisanlang Dohling scored the first goal for Nongmadan in the second half and this lasted until the end of the 30 minutes.
The program was conducted by Lydia L Khongsngi Social Secretary of the Seng. Speech was delivered by Bah D Khonglah Deputy Rangbah Shnong of Nongmensong. about young people today who are addicted to drugs.
He said it is time for the government to restructure the education department to provide training to the youth of this generation to shape their future.
Many of the residents who passed through Khyndailad on foot or by car did not know that it was a police attack, but due to the crowd, they assumed that the police were trying to detonate the bomb. They were robbed, and many of them fled quickly from that place to nearby places, and many of them watched from a distance.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle under the leadership of President Biangbor Paliar and General Secretary Rapbor Nongrum on Tuesday visited the foreign workers. within the boundary of Mawlai and those who do not have proper documents.
Vladimir Popov was eaten alive by the shark while other tourists were swimming in the Red Sea inside the city of Hurghada on Friday.
In today's society, cleanliness is one of the most important issues of every village.
However, before reaching the venue, the bolero pickup truck overturned and in this incident two youths from Umdang village died shortly after sustaining serious injuries. .
The party has also promised to increase the price of electricity to 30 percent in urban areas and 50 percent in rural areas.
This is a time when we can no longer worship God in churches, but those who love the Lord in their homes can worship Him freely.
“Dr Mukul, who was the prime minister at that time, had sent an urgent summons to the political parties only two months before the elections to discuss the issue of people's rights. They didn't come to the state and at that time, all the political parties demanded ILP”.
Nongstoiñ: The family members of a 16-year-old girl from Mawthylliang village in Riangdo Mawshynrut district, today lodged a complaint at Mawshynrut Police Station regarding the absence of her home. son of yours.
In the life of a fisherman, there is nothing more pleasant to the soul than to catch only one fish, but the body is rested and endures the heat of the sun. But when he entered the house, he wanted to tell the story of how many big fish had gone away.
The Chief Minister, who is also the leader of the NPP, said that the National Vice President for Meghalaya, Dr. Chuba Ao, has said that the BJP will not leave. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MAL) government has not yet decided.
The HYC has urged the MLAs that if it is time to bring a resolution in the House, the Khasi MLAs should support it as only unity can be achieved.
The verse begins with the words 'From my relatives and friends......Once again, once again, they appeared to me'
The union alleged that the field that received the money did not belong to Banrilang but to the field of MLA Ngaitlang.
The Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Co-operative Society (RIWSP) has expressed its happiness and pride to this young man who has brought glory and victory to the state.
In this regard, the UDP has urged the BJP president to fight for the rise of ethnic parties in the state and to stop the Congress.
Shillong, July 25 : The question that arises from many people whether in the market, funeral homes or any other place where people gather is whether Jaiaw has become their home. thieves, robbers, murderers and drug addicts? The reason for this question is about the shooting of other ethnic groups in the Jaiaw area which has happened from time to time.
Clothing manufacturers from all over Meghalaya, Assam and Sikkim will also take part in the exhibition which will start from today on the 27th and end on the 31st of March. The fair also showcased various types of ryndia jaiñ which have been made and designed in a beautiful manner and attracted the attention of the public, along with other local crafts and handicrafts.
This meeting was convened by the Chairman on 28-29th November.
The Minister of Education, who is also the MLA of Amlarem Constituency, on Tuesday announced that from 1st November 2021, the teachers and staff of Nongtalang College will receive their salaries from the government through the Peoples' Colleges. grant-in-aid Scheme.
Now, for his future in the game, there is a question, as he has made it clear that he will return to Barcelona.
H Bhoi, Publicity Secretary Central Governing Body.
Meanwhile, Ri-Bhoi beat West Garo Hills 22-5
Principal of Sunrays LP and UP School, Mebarika Kharkongor, Airibell Kharkongor, Leader of Village Organization and finally Bakmenshisha Kharkongor, Volunteer of NYK, Mawryngkneng Block.
Nongstoin, Lber 31: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, today announced that heavy rainfall is expected in the district.
This road which happens regularly during the rainy season, the hills collapse or the road becomes small and cannot be used. The farmers have to dig or improve it and it has caused a lot of suffering to the people. hour due to landslide.
However, the government has not yet found a place to accommodate these hundreds of land vendors especially those who live in Motphran, Khyndai Lad, GS Road.
The Langdoh-u Sohblei who is responsible for performing the rituals of the Knia and Khriam in each ritual is the Phali of Jainspong.
The Chief Guest also congratulated and wished the author to continue to contribute in literature whether in religious or other books.
We have no opposition to any ethnic group and we do not want to take away the rights of others, but this policy is biased.
The Seng also urges the state government to take action on this issue by talking to the central government so that it will not affect too much the owners and operators of vehicles in the state.
After the announcement of Kartik's name as the lead, the producers of the film have also found two suitable actors. be Deepika or Katrina and they will have to choose which of the two is right.
Classrooms that are well equipped with technology and learning environment help parents to monitor their children's learning, so parents are aware of their children and are increasingly able to work together to improve their children’s education.
W Marbani.
However, according to Banshimbor, the sugar is intended to be sold only to the villagers and in the market.
However, after a while, Laitkyrhong turned the tide through Mebanrikupar Rynjah in the 22nd and 29th minutes.
He also pointed out the shortage of 108 and said that it is useless to have 108 when the necessary facilities are not available.
As usual on this day 29th October 2023, the raid Saw Symper has held a religious service at Lum Symper to offer a prayer and a request to the Lord to protect the raid. the country and to thank Ryngkew Basa.
The delegation was led by Chairman Ramesh Bais, MP Lok Sabha and during the visit he met and talked with the villagers of 12 villages under Laitkroh CR&D Block.
In the afternoon, a public service was conducted by Moderator Kiki Pakma who also lighted the candle while Rev. Sowat Laloo gave the New Year's message.
Manisha Kalyan, who is also India's youngest and most prominent player, has easily scored three goals while scoring three goals. Elshaddai Acheampong scored two goals after becoming the best player.
Speaking in the dorbar, Kakoli asked the government whether it expects the people to eat jhur alive and said, “The government wants us to eat jhur alive. Dastidar also alleged that those who are poor, who receive the Ujjwala scheme, do not have enough money to pay for the lyer shet, because it is too expensive.
Pdengshakap SS and Moodymmai SS won the Under-17 Girls Inter School Football Tournament or Subroto Cup on the opening day of the Inter School Football Tournament. First.
“On the HNLC peace talks, we have nothing to oppose, because even my brother (Bah Cherishterfield) has been involved in this peace talks for months, we know that.
In the midst of the shooting and lathi bombs, the police arrested Bah Hoover Hynniewta and others, but immediately, Bah Plain R Mawthoh and Bah Stephen Lyngdoh immediately took over as leaders. They took the people to the police station to demand the immediate release of Mr. Hoover.
The Youth Assembly of KJP Synod Mihngi School, Thangskai led by the Headmistress, Secretary Bah Elder N.Rymbai, Chairman Rev.EK Mujat and other members of the school expressed their special thanks to the management of the school. Dalmia India Cement Ltd.
“The purpose of this Act is to reduce the number of crimes committed by children between the ages of 16 to 18 years,” said Bah Kharkongngor.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) claimed to have launched an attack in Rafah, where there is a well-established militant base, and in the incident, killed Hamas chief of staff in charge of the West Bank, along with other Hamas officials.
It is also an opportunity to look back on the steps taken in the field of development in many areas and the celebration of Bijli Mahotsav is one of the parts of the celebration of development. rise associated with the power generation sector.
Balihar, an IPS officer of 2003 batch and former commandant of the Jharkhand Armed Police, is one of the police chiefs who has been wanted by the Maoists for his instability. and he was with them until he came to Pakur.
He reviewed the works done by the Congress government like IIM, NEIGHRIMS, NEHU, NIFT and many others.
Those who are interested and wish to apply for this training can collect the forms from the office of Madan Sports and Cultural Club Laban from 9 am to 11 am and 3 pm to 5 pm. Please call us at
He tries to understand the value of light and understanding.
Milli Putum, Emanbha Marbaniang scored the first goal for the team to beat Assam Rifles Public School 2-1 Changkambath D. Sangma was the opponent.
He said that through these guidelines of the Government of India through the NOHP it has been of benefit to the people if they use these guidelines properly and it is a step towards the health of the teeth and mouth.
The Chief Minister's Symbud Prestone Tyngsong will be the chief guest and Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare will be the chief guest.
He said that the lack of jobs in the District Council has prevented many job seekers in the state from getting jobs because they have not been given the opportunity to compete for jobs. do not announce.
Nongpoh: U Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for DoNER and Chairman of the North Eastern Council, today inaugurated the Cane & Bamboo Technology Park at the Cane & Bamboo Technology Park. Cane & Bamboo Technology (CBTC) is located in 13Mer, Assam.
He said that although the fire destroyed all the belongings, it is surprising that the Bible book was not affected at all.
Meanwhile, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NSC) has written to the Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NSC) to express its concern over the insult to Khasi women at the Delhi Golf Club. , demanded that an inquiry be conducted into the incident and send their report to the President of India and submit the report of their findings to the two Houses of Parliament.
The 40 demands include the implementation of the ILP, but the top demand is the immediate amendment of the Reservation Policy or the Employment Act of the state.
It is also alleged that Conrad Sangma used the DC and SP of West Garo Hills to accuse Bernard Marak.
On this occasion, she also distributed awards to those who have worked hard and honestly.
The purpose of the Miss & Mr South West Khasi Hills District contest is to encourage the youth of the district to rise to the top of the competition without any hesitation or fear through the courage of the youth to showcase their talents. The clothes they have will benefit themselves and it is also one of the ways for them to use their abilities properly in many areas.
The song became popular and spread around the world after a group of young people from Angola, known as the “Fenomenos” danced to the beautiful melodies and breathtaking words of this song.
Teibor Pathaw, EM of I/c Labor Department, said that he will take action on this issue while Teibor Pathaw, EM of I/c Labor Department, has promised in front of these Sengbhalang in West Khasi Hills District. He will suspend the issuance of Labor Licenses now especially in the Shahlang areas.
He said that the BJP ministers' claim to lift the coal ban in the state is only to mislead the people about the coal ban to solve the problem.
The tournament was concluded on Saturday in the presence of Damanbait Lamare, MLA Umroi as the chief guest, Bah R Kharbuki MDC, Raja Brahma ADC, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, former MLA Umroi. Mawhati, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem President NPYF and other dignitaries and leaders of the RKSCSC. and which has destroyed the Kurkalang Square.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 5.2mm today, while today it was 0.2mm.
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the Mawkyndeng Stadium has been carried out through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) at a cost of T.30/- lakh while the Mawjongjaka Stadium has been constructed through the CMSDF. through the State Sports Council of Meghalaya at a cost of T.50/- lakh.
but the rotten seed is stronger than the good seed.
Among the insects that cause the most damage to the pai are those insects that infect the stalk of the pai.
Therefore, instead of going to the streets to protest which will benefit the farmers, it is better for us to enter the District Council to work together to amend the 6th Schedule,” said Pala.
The main objective of this village is to curb the use of drugs in the Mawlai area and the impact of this drug on the society.
There is also a nursery which has been allocated T.4,31,700 for 25 beneficiaries who have received T.2850 tyngka.
He also asked whether the MDC is higher or the MLA is higher and whether the government gives schemes only to the MDCs while not to the MLAs.
He also asked why the state government when there are protests by the civil society in Rilum Khasi on ethnic issues, it arrests and searches them like arresting and searching the perpetrators, while the The state government still wants to take over.
“We need the approval of the Governor.” This is the first time that the Council has accepted the approval of the Governor because it has never happened before.
Even the goalkeeper of Mawlai in this match did not touch the ball until the end of the first half.
To be clear, once the rule of law in the State has become weak (because of the unrest, conflict and other problems in the State), the Governor of that State shall immediately inform the Head of India, so that he may take action.
In the second semi final of the same tournament, H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School beat Umpohliew Jingtip Higher Secondary School 2-0 Risalin Suting scored the first goal in the 60+9 minutes and Risalin Suting in the 60+11 minutes.
During the visit, the officials of the department also had the opportunity to train and collect information on the issues faced by the health workers in the health centres, whether in operation, the number of visitors. treatment or medicine and also the cause of death, the death of poor mothers and unborn children, the progress of vaccination and others.
It may be recalled that the Father, stabbed the body of the woman, who was sitting next to him, in the bus at midnight, but when the woman, screamed, the passengers, They arrested him and handed him over to the police at Bajengdoba. It was at that time that he deceived himself under another name, Biju Joseph and did not reveal his real name.
(NHIDCL) to look after the construction of roads and the safety of roads in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has elected its new office bearers for the 2022-25 season at its general meeting on 22nd November
Thus these things were done according to the manner of marriage.
The killing of the army chief came after an attack on the US embassy in Baghdad, which the US blamed on Iran.
Agatha Sangma MP was the chief guest.
“As CEM, I have suggested that there should be a meeting between the Council and the government on this Bill but the government has not listened,” said Bah Nongrum.
This allocation of food items will be in excess of the monthly allocation to the beneficiaries under the NFSA. The cost of transportation within the states, the income of dealers and others will be borne by the Government of India without any division between the States/UTs. Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya He directed the Engineers of PWD to inspect the site in Upper Shillong, as there has been a felling of trees for the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road.
The 8th Kiang Nangbah Inter Office Football Tournament will be played between Chilliangraij SC and Mukhla Raij SC tomorrow (16/11/21). The MSGEF started on Monday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Phrase : means a short part of a word; the cup shall be divided into two or three parts; lang is with one of the many.
Therefore, she said that even the vaccine cannot be forced, but it is left to the people to decide for themselves.
The meeting was attended by the Ministers of Village, Rangbah from all over the Mawkyrwat and Ranikor constituencies who came to express their views inside the office. of KHADC Mawkyrwat Branch located at Pyndenpar (Jakrem) District.
The election campaign in Sohiong has been a very hot one, and if we look at the past few days, the language they speak seems to be no longer the election campaign to serve the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of HITO Jaintia Circle, Bah Lawyerson War, said that the decision to express their opposition to the MDA Government came after seeing the plight of the residents of Jaintia Hills. The entire Jaintia Hills, in relation to the collection of garbage around the city of Jowai and also in other parts adjacent to the city of Jowai, where as the days go by, the garbage collection is still increasing. due to the lack of attention of the state government.
She won 3 International, 4 National, 2 Silver and 2 Bronze medals.
I taught him a little bit and he told me to sing a Hindi song but I said yes sir as I want to sing in Khasi, I said no if you can't sing I'll sing a Hindi song in Khasi, because if I sing a Hindi song, I don't like it, because what will they say to me? It's obvious that I'm a shyllangmat and that's why I'm singing a Khasi song.
“At the meeting, it was decided to relocate the 342 Harijan households living in Mawlong Market Area to the place built for them, which has the office of the Shillong Municipal Board,” he said. said.
They began to think that the dam would be destroyed.
The election of the leaders of the JHADC was held on the 27th June this year in 29 constituencies in the JHADC and the counting of votes was held today at the DC's Office Jowai under heavy security. and good precautions to prevent any problems that may arise.
The special construction of this room to store these drugs shows that the driver and his follower are also involved in the drug trafficking to Meghalaya.
especially on National Highways.
Other speakers who spoke at the meeting strongly condemned the working methods of the MDA government under the leadership of NPP, UDP, BJP and other small parties saying that under the leadership of the present government The state has declined sharply in terms of income, education and even peace and stability since the rule of the MDA Government. Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he will resign from the government if the state government and he as an MLA cannot take action regarding the settlement of the border between Meghalaya. and Assam.
The court clarified that it had stayed the case by giving permission only to implement the summons and not to proceed with the investigation into the illegal incidents caused by the quarries.
Shillong Lajong FC (Reserve Team) have won their first victory in the Invitation Open to All Football Tournament 2023, after beating Oste Phi Oiñ FC beat Oste Phi Oiñ-B FC 2-1 on Thursday at Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong.
“This is the supply (export) of all agricultural products to Bangladesh.
Kharshiing said the Meghalaya Games is a preparation for the National Games, which Meghalaya will host in the coming years.
The two candidates include Mylliem MLA Hamlet Dohling and Umsning MLA Jason Lyngdoh Mawlong.
On Nongkrem, he said that Lambor Nongrum was elected because he is qualified to take over the post and he is ready to hold only the MDC seat and to hold only one post. From Nongkrem, there are two candidates including Bah Lambor Malngiang, former MLA and MDC of Nongkrem and Bah Lambor Nongrum, who is a big supporter of Bah Malngiang. elections are not over.
Shillong, July 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the appointment and dismissal of Lokayukta Officers is in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Lokayukta to ensure that there will be no maximum expenditure by the government.
On our part, we urge all from the public, traders, drivers and others to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government to fight against and break the chain of spread of the disease,” he said. you are the Priest.
We should praise and take an example from the VPP how it conducted its activities at that time in the midst of the influx of thousands of people from all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Regarding the post of CEM in the Council, Dr Jemino said that the post of CEM has been decided since the time of Dr Donkupar Roy. Paul Lyngdoh has been in office for three years.
The Government should not allow any over estimate of any project as it is a waste of public money.
Lyngdoh said that the woman was a resident of Kyntonmassar but she was driving at Mawdatbaki.
Slasha has been planted and cultivated in Moorangtung Khanduli on an area of ​​15 hectares in Mookyntian Khanduli on an area of ​​5 hectares while in Riat Siatmuid Khanduli on an area of ​​12 hectares. The Central Government has allocated T.2,69,07,3
Nongpoh, March 11: To explain the government's objective through the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA) to eradicate Tuberculosis (TB) in India, the people should be involved in how to help. The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today held a special program to raise awareness among the public on the goal of the government through the PMTBMBA at a meeting held today. The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
The two contractors charged are Kubon Sangma and Nikseng Sangma while the former Secretary of GHADC is Hewingson A Sangma.
The order sent from Delhi regarding the filling up of admission forms in June to MBOSE Tura has been sent back from Tura to all schools in Meghalaya after six months.
Speaking to media, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that at the meeting today, he and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma have taken a decision. They have decided to start moving forward with the work of re-arranging the boundaries of six areas including Psiar, Khanduli, Block I, Block II, Bardua, Mawtawar and Langpih.
He said the arrest of the President of the KSU is a fraud and a fraud by the government which had promised to drop all the charges against them at a meeting held in November last year.
However, now that they have been upgraded to Town Panchayats, the plan needs to be looked into according to the cities or urban areas in terms of drinking water supply, he said.
Especially in this world of money , many don't remember that there is a statue in which they have forgotten and turned away from it to offer their various goods . mam by the sellers.
Christina Kharkongor, Secretary, Mary Our Help Training Centre, on Tuesday.
She alleged that there are many brokers involved in this smuggling and said, “Not only the Jai Maa Enter prize but there are also villagers who are involved and cooperate in collecting a lot of money from the trucks. ".
Therefore, it is necessary to train yourself to compete against these talented athletes,” said Saina, who will be awarded the title of Race Ambassador for Harvest Gold. The Global Race will be held on the 24th of this month in Gurugram.
The suspect was arrested by the HNYF Mawlai Circle from Anjalee, Shillong and taken to Jowai for allegedly paying the money he had taken from a woman. that my daughter has not been employed even after he has submitted all the documents including the appointment letter.
He said that the construction of these buildings to become a school has been going smoothly, in which some parts have been completed and some parts have not been completed.
“Wherever we go, the people on rainy nights are eager to attend the VPP meetings and want to meet and greet us leaders,” said Bah Ardent.
The growth of the umpohliew, not only can meet the needs of mankind, but moreover, it has grown so much that it cannot encourage them to plant in the fields in order to get back to the fields. rep to ring.
Verse 2 Please, the waters that flow, the wind that blows; And the heart that flows in the wilderness, Please explain these lines.
He also explained to the public that the two HSPDP MLAs have supported the NPP, he and Bah Sahakliar Warjri, that the people have elected him as MLA. On the other hand, they and other MLAs of the hill parties including UDP, PDF, VPP, left to support as the UDP won only 11 seats, VPP 4 seats, HSPDP 2 seats, PDF 2 seats. .
Rakesh Sasi Bhusan, CMD, Antrix Corporation Ltd, Bangalore participated in the program in virtual mode.
Shillong, March 7: 110 Khasi pharmacists and nurses including Herbalists, Nongkhem, Midwives and others from 23 villages under the Nongspung Hima held a The meeting was held on the 5th of this month at Madan Bitaw Village, Mawphlang C&RD Block. These Khasi nurses are also members of the Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practices (SPIKAP).
The article reads “Are you familiar with the Amazon pay gift card? You can possibly get them from the Amazon.
The body will be taken to Williamnagar and after that to Tura.
James said that the lockdown to fight against COVID-19 has caused the people to face difficulties especially in terms of food items.
Referring to the ethnic parties who wanted to nominate and support only one candidate, they called a meeting today, but because all the ethnic parties did not attend, they did not attend. They can elect their joint candidate, and they will hold another meeting tomorrow, reports said.
It is not a resurrection but a resurrection.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton said that the Inter School Sports Meet is part of the efforts to bring together the schools in the village to promote the development of the children. Jakrem is one of the villages that produces prominent young men and women who have been able to lead the district and the state as a whole.
On the Bill, Bah Julius Dorphang said he cannot say anything yet as he will have to read it thoroughly.
The President was arrested at 5.47 pm when he signed the petition for the dissolution of the presidency in Maharashtra and the swearing-in ceremony of Fadnavis and Ajit Pawar was held at 5.47 pm. 7.30 this morning.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, today said that she will lodge a complaint against four people who went to take part in the wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort.
Recently, there have been those who have commented on the jyrsieh from the tourism industry or the jyrsieh of T.1300 crore, so it is easy to use the word jyrsieh.
The Barato MDC said they have received a complaint from the residents that the police battalion has been neglected by the government despite being the protectors of the residents and the border of Meghalaya.
They throw even the rain, the blood, the blood for their own benefit.
The only other thing I like is that when I was a child we used to spend time every day in the hills, rivers and forests.
The rice has been released in the amount of 6.400 kilos per child for Lower Primary Schools and 9.600 kilos each for Upper Primary Schools for three months. May, January and November 2022.
For many years the state has been lagging behind in all aspects, and now for 5 years the state has been declining from side to side and they have ended only with the election promises and the same elections in they brought the same thing.
He used to claim to be an Officer of various Government departments and has been doing this since 2010-11 and continues to do so till now.
Jowai, Lber 24: The Sumer Patorship in Raliang Elaka, which is the only Patorship recognized by the JHADC since 1968, today decided to pass a resolution on the issue of The CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, has decided to appoint him as an Elaka.
He also denied the involvement of the CRPF personnel in misusing their powers, but said that there were some who tried to steal firearms from the CRPF personnel. The investigation is ongoing and we cannot blame the involvement of civil society groups in this incident,” said Bah Nongtnger.
Many of us know about the many health benefits that we can get from many kinds of vegetables.
The arrested Bangladeshis confessed that they had entered India with the intention of going to Kashmir to earn a living through jobs or other small jobs.
Hundreds of students have tried to open accounts to withdraw their fees but when they arrived at the bank, it refused to accept them on the grounds that they were too many.
“If these medicines are expired and if they are handed over to the PHCs and CHCs, they are the ones who have to burn them if they cannot be used anymore. time to use.
He said that the method of awarding the contract is unclear because initially the Badri Rai Company was rejected because the company does not have the necessary documents and is not reputed to build any project. There is no bank solvency certificate/overdraft facility/credit limit from any nationalized bank for at least 20% of the construction cost of the project.
He said these were members of a gang that worked under the leadership of Reading Sangma, a former member of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
The DC said that it is also necessary to maintain cleanliness and for this, it is necessary to have the cooperation of the people not to pollute the land.
The MLA made the donation during a meeting with VO and SHG leaders at the School Hall of Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha in the presence of the Sordar of Jongksha, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, Principal of Good Shepherd Higher Secondary School, Jongksha. Shepherd HSS, Amanda Pakynteiñ, wife of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and others.
MC Assistant Town Planner (ATP) Bedi said the information regarding the number of illegally built houses came from the daily inspections by the authorities. , and after discovering this, the authorities ordered the demolition of the illegally built houses and buildings.
In another match, Mookyrdup beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 7-0
The match between the two teams will be between Ñiaw Wasa FC and Rangdajied Utd FC at 3 pm on the 12th of this month. to achieve victory.
The party has also planned to open its office in Mairang village which will be opened to the public on the 15th.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Herbert G Lyngdoh has been posted as the SP of the Anti Infiltration Directorate and the SP of West Khasi Hills has been posted as the Assistant Inspector General (AIG).
Dakihi Dkhar, 19, of Mookaïaw-B Village, has been missing from Phramer since 28th October.
After the government took over, a new building was constructed and the teachers also received government salaries.
Taxi drivers said that the traffic jam in Motphran will increase, as there are more than 50 taxis operating in Lawmali and 40 taxis operating in Mawtawar.
However, the state government has admitted that this is just a rumor as there has been no meeting between the leaders of the central government and the state government since the House passed the decision to demand implementation. The ILP is not available in the state of Meghalaya.
He said the Planning Commission has already laid down the rules and regulations for the allocation of funds from the central government to the state governments.
Prayagraj: A video of a man standing on the edge of a tree on the New Yamuna Bridge in Prayagraj has been circulating on social media today.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the Draft of the Independence Day Speech which highlights the achievements of the Government in many areas since taking over power in the state.
Immortality will be a reality in the next few years, but it will happen only for those who have billions, The Sun reported.
The BFC also recorded their most glorious victory under his leadership by beating Paro FC 9-1 in the AFC Cup qualifier in June
“We have urged the Lamphang in the letter we sent on the need for a Leader of the Opposition, but it is up to the Lamphang how to act in this regard,” said Bah Ronnie.
With this victory, Lajong have earned 31 points from 11 games in the U-18 SPL
Nongstoiñ Cules FC, a Barcelona Fan team from West Khasi Hills, won the title after beating Barcelona FC 1-0 Dangpyrshang FC, a team of car factory workers from Nongstoin.
Perhaps at that time, the government will appoint another team to look into the recommendations of the Expert Committee! We cannot say because the government likes to appoint committees one after another.
The closure of the Mariani-Mokokchung road (NH 702-D) has been in place for three days since it started on 16th November
He congratulated the MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Ba Lajied Ranee for bringing up the issue of Shaw Bhoi for finally being included in the Amendment Bill passed on Thursday.
Now there is no inheritance, there is only meiteng and 'thawteng (inherited from the mother or from the father), where the daughter inherits the work of the mother, or the brother-in-law inherits the work of the father. .
Those who seem to be able to influence even the Village Authorities or the Dorbar Shnongs themselves.
He also expressed his gratitude to the office of BDO Mawkyrwat Block especially to the village headmen, residents who have the spirit of cooperation to improve this tourist spot through the MGNREGS scheme. This tourist attraction will not end like that, but he hopes that there will be tourists from all over the world who will come to this place.
The rescue operation was carried out by the Indian Air Force using helicopters including M8, F4, F7, C2, MI 17 and Chinook. North Sikkim has been severely affected, the statement said.
The reason why I brought this school to the newspapers is only because I have a special purpose, and that is to promote all the other schools.
The International Federation of the Blind (IFB) was first proclaimed on 15th March 1970 by the President of the International Federation of the Blind (IFB) and was included in the United Nations Convention.
Participants especially the youth asked many questions which were answered and explained by the traditional scholars.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah today told the leaders of the Meghalaya government that the Indian government is still studying the demand for Inner Line Permit of Meghalaya.
“We will do our best for them,” said Mr. Boldness.
Japan is another country that follows the example of South Korea and that country is fast in testing, treating those who are sick and monitoring those who are infected. have a relationship with them.
Thank you French Government for doing the right thing, God bless you.
“And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation” Luke 1:5
There have been 22 new cases of Covid-19 in Nagaland, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
HYC office bearers said that they have raided drugs in Nongstoiñ Market, Parks and other places around Nongstoiñ Market after receiving complaints from the public regarding the presence of drug dealers and drug users. good on Sunday.
After the meeting, it was decided that from now on all the two mandals will go to their respective villages to explain to the public and also to strengthen the work of the party.
Former MLA of Sohiong Constituency and former Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday filed his nomination paper on the United Democratic Party (UDP) ticket to contest the election. The MLA elections will be held on 27th June.
In another match, Portugal beat Ghana 3-2
About 320 students of JNV school along with teachers took part.
While Bah Khongmen said that in fact the party is related to sports, but the relationship with agriculture encourages sports, because sports should protect the world. and to protect the environment requires agriculture, so that the rural people can survive and support themselves from agriculture and can market their products through the international market.
There were 3,525 cases and 122 deaths on Tuesday.
Regarding the collapse of the well, the residents of Tura have alleged that there is a torti work in which there are no adequate drains in the ground and the water has stagnated in the ground.
“They have violated the RTI rules that they must respond within 10 months and they have responded after 90 days.
On the day of Le Yaw, Chirup Wei was killed by the bomb of Bhuri.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), CoMSO and other political parties are demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state as it is a strict law to curb the entry and exit of mynder. .
He said that he hopes that when all these heroes who have come to visit this place, it will be a blessing to all.
The election campaign for the MLA elections 2023 has started across the state and in these times we will see that many people will forget about the rules and regulations to prevent COVID-19 due to the campaign.
Equal treatment of HIV/AIDS patients and other citizens is paramount.
Therefore, we don't have time to turn to these three MLAs who have been suspended from the party.
To the wise child and young man he will say, "We build that past, if it does not build the present and the future"
Meanwhile, Russia and Qatar have admitted that they have nothing to do with the World Cup this year.
The KSU is ready to closely monitor the entry of people into the state as these Khar Muslims may sneak into this area.
Chutwakhu won the title after beating Mooknor Thadmuthlong in the final on Monday and the match between the two teams was very friendly.
“Therefore, we need to fight for the traditional healers to get the opportunity to benefit from this school”.
Let's talk about some of the facts:1
It is for this reason that he wrote this or what he meant by that except to ask the owner of the author. dei kaba bha wow ka pap imat This has a terrible effect until there is no longer any rain or snow to force the dohlieh poiei.
He is also one of the founders of Jowai Consumers Cooperative Store.
To refrain from gathering or locking up in front of the front door or gate of houses as against the private interests or private affairs of private individuals.
He said that within the Agriculture Department, a Directorate of Food Processing has been set up where the farmers can produce rice and other agricultural products in a safe manner as the demand for rice is not high. not only within the state but also outside the state.
You are also suffering from hypertension.
Priyanka Gandhi has urged voters to think carefully before voting on polling day.
He said that the following of others in what the NPP candidate has done has benefited the people.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today explained that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, does not need to undergo quarantine when he returns from abroad. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, issued on 2nd July 2020, announced that any government employee who is on official work upon his return , you will have to do only the RT-PCR test.
We will still have to fight for food, vegetables and other necessities after the lockdown is over.
There were among the kings of the kingdom of Judah whom God was pleased with, but those who were not were wicked.
After seeing the Holi celebration, the Vice President called on the guards to order the students from abroad to leave the ground as it could cause unrest among the students. women who celebrate Holi.
In the afternoon, the faithful of the Church took part in the march with prayer songs to praise God.
One area of ​​discussion centered on low enrollment rates.
Now that you are no longer the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission, Jaintia Hills needs you.
The rally started from the office of the District Library Jowai where the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS was the chief guest and hoisted the flag.
Furthermore, in October 2022, the number of cases per day dropped further below 30,000.
The residents of Kharkhana are worried about the rainy season as it is located on the banks of the Myntdu River which is known as the Tisang River in this area.
U L Kynjing in his speech said that the outbreak of COVID-19 has brought unity in the village.
The death toll is highest in Turkey as well as in neighboring Syria.
The President of KSU Mynksan Unit Samla Thrang Law said that this donation of these Tin Bret Niut is part of the cleanliness drive in the village.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The state government has faced many challenges from the ban on coal mining in the state since
I request all the political parties in our District to stand on a good foundation.
According to previous records, there are about 26 Bills pending and awaiting approval by the Rajya Sabha, and about 9 Bills are pending and awaiting approval by the Rajya Sabha. to be approved by the Lok Sabha.
The Urban Affairs Department has not done anything unmanageable and neither has the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
On the other hand, he said that in fact, the State Government does not push for the income generation of the State.
In Nonglang Sirdarship and Riangsik Sirdarship, the Executive Committee of KHADC has approved the Administration of Nonglang Sirdarship Rules, 2004, and the Riangsih Sirdarship Rules, 2004, in accordance with the Notification dated 14th September, Section 9(3) (iii) states that – If any Khasi / Khasi-Nongtrai woman marries a Dkhar, she shall lose all ancestral properties and other facilities due to her (If any Khasi woman marries a Dkhar, she shall lose all her property, ancestral property and other benefits to which she shall be entitled).
Shillong, Nailur 24: The State Government has directed the Additional District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District to investigate into the incident which took place in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. die either.
He said that the Association has already informed the Lumdiengjri Police Station regarding the spread of this false news to the public and urged the people who spread this news not to I don't want to take advantage of this.
The existence of these countries is to develop the economy, provide infrastructure and preserve the culture.
Shillong: Phul Dkhar (60) of Umpling Dongshaneng, Shillong, was admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital on Tuesday, March 25, 2020 at 3.15 pm.
He said that in his speech , the Minister of PWD said that the work could not be completed soon because the state government still has to wait for funds from the central government and does not have the funds itself The Minister said that soon these villages will get colored roads and on his part he said that he has to allow because in the implementation of the building, it is necessary to pass through the villages. one room to another.
However, according to information received from RTI, the amount of money released by the Central Government through the National Health Mission under the National Health Mission in Meghalaya is T. 15.61 crore in Phase I and T.104.12 crore in Phase II. “This may be misuse or looting of public money, which are violations of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Speaking to media after the FIR, Bah Nongrum said he does not blame the government or any private individual but, “as a concerned citizen, he wants to know where the money is going".
Another company, SSS Services, has received a tender to deliver rice to Mizoram and Tripura at a lower price of T.14.3 each.
There are those who pray all night, but God doesn't answer, God doesn't accept this kind of prayer, because he says don't pray long or long.
Because these insurgents went to attack the people and the innocent spirits inside their homes, they were shot dead inside their bedrooms and even in their secret rooms.
ways we can help our children (generations) is spending time with them.
There will also be special prizes for the youngest, and oldest, participants.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to reopen the entry and exit of tourists to the State from 21st November
The Government of India has decided to allocate Rs 14,389 crore for the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, which is for the provision of roads to the villages. T.3,600 crore has been allocated for the provision of drinking water to 20,000 villages in the country.
Emergency assistance in this regard should be provided and expedited as soon as possible, he said.
This case is difficult to judge because the law does not accept such allegations, and also because people refuse to inform the police if they have any suspicion against anyone or any family, but they take the law into itself.
This is a large seizure and congratulations go to all the State Police and the Anti-Narcotic Task Force as well as the Special Branch for working together to provide timely information. Speaking on the seizure of vehicles, Dr Bishnoi said, “Within four months, we have seized 31 small vehicles and four vehicles. We also seized 90 mobile phones mostly Smart and Android phones.
A scripture was shown from the chapter of Jeremiah, 33, which reads: “Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not. know".
There are those who work in the village, in Nongstoin, Shillong, in the coal mines and elsewhere.
There are five employees of Bah Bok and they work in their respective jobs.
The trading license inspection was for the entire Iewduh area under the supervision of various Enforcement Inspectors.
When asked about the preparation of the report and the submission process, he said that the preparation of the report will be jointly supervised by both sides and the report will be inclusive.
So I thought that light should be brought to avoid being misled by the lack of understanding of this disease.
The match on the 6th of November will be between Umladkhur SC and Dongmihsngi Mupyut at 2.30 pm.
Water from the Srisailam Project has been released through the Handri Neeva Sujala Sravanthi Project which the Kuppam Branch Canal has been part of to supply water to 6,300 acres of land through 110 reservoirs in Kuppam. and to provide drinking water to 4.02 lakh people in Kuppam and Palamaneru.
The end result is that even in schools where parents have worked hard, they have seen it with their own eyes.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Meghalaya Police have said that the Hillstorm-3 insurgency in Garo Hills will continue for another three months.
Also present on the occasion were the members of the East Jaintia Hills Executive Committee including Bah Denis Siangshai who said that no arrangement has been made yet for him to contest the 2018 MLA election.
Shillong: Laban has won the 1st Division title of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) after beating Nongrim Hills.
Dr.Vincent Darlong, Ex-Vice Chancellor Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
It is understood that the Dawki kwai, which is sweeter and tastier, is more expensive than the kwai from other places, even from the same place.
He is the friend of the poor and sinners – He allowed it to save.
While you are not Harijan: Don't be afraid of us who are selling the field, When you are being beaten by salonsar: Don't be afraid of the Dkhars. -iKi is the Teacher Donhi.
The meeting was conducted by the Sordar of Kynshi Mawria, Bah P. Sohkhlet. Speech was also delivered by Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the HYC.
Nongpoh: A Maruti Car 800 (ML 05 E 6416) has caught fire suddenly. The incident occurred at 4 pm this evening at Lad Umsaw, Ri Bhoi District.
Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi said that GHSMC leader Augustine Marak, who is in custody, has admitted that they have received the support of MLA Clifford Marak.
He said –
It will also prepare a new policy in line with the NEP 2020 and suggest new subjects to be used in schools and colleges, how much schools should open, how many holidays they should have. and what programs are available throughout the year.
Why do you need good manners? Without proper teaching of good manners, society will be in turmoil, which can lead to a lot of people who are rude, bad behavior and dominate those who have the spirit of doing good for others.
Kyrshan Nongtdu scored the first goal for Byndihati SC in the 55th minute.
Dr. Gatphoh said that this program has not only included screening but if such diseases are found in children including mouth ulcers, throat ulcers, leg ulcers, high blood pressure, They also helped to provide treatment for eye, eye and head diseases so that they can get physical and mental health.
Shillong, March 28: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) on Thursday accused the NPP-led government of failing to complete the railway line. to East Jaintia Hills District is only to make money for a few but not for the majority of the people.
Genesis 9
Conrad K. Sangma said that the work of the Government is well designed for those Government authorities who have to fight against drugs in the state and that these programs are also part of the for the good of the youth.
Nongpoh: Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today in the presence of NHAI officials from Guwahati, the Bor The District of Ri Bhoi District together with the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, have conducted a joint inspection of these flood affected areas.
It is no longer enough to be too soft.
Nongpoh, Naitung 01: LC Woodland Dhaba and Jiva Restaurant in collaboration with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) today planted about 1200 trees along the National Highway from Mawdiangum to Mawdiangum. Umlyngkdait with the aim of improving the environment and also to improve the highway in the Nongpoh area.
Why don't we criticize the TMC in the elections because we believe that it is a small party that doesn't have any stories and the fall will be with these big parties including the BJP, Congress. , NPP, UDP,” said Bah Ardent.
Puducherry's Nayar was defeated by Meghalaya's Dipu Sangma (1/23).
In 2015, former MLA and first MLA of Mawshynrut ST, Bah Witting Mawsor, tried his best to travel to Delhi and saw an estimate of Rs 85 crore sent by the Mawshynrut ST Constituency. u Chief Engineer (NH) PWD (Road) Meghalaya, Shillong, to Delhi in accordance with No.PW/CE/NH/ISC/3/2015/2 dated 16th March,
When asked how many trucks of Bangladeshis carry stone from these places, the KSU leader said about 20 trucks a day.
“Now from the time the thieves have been involved in the sale and trade of this alcoholic beverage which has become widespread in Shillong and also across the state,” said some shopkeepers in Shillong. journalists who did not want to be named.
“It is necessary to prepare a map of Shillong and create urgent measures how to reduce this traffic jam especially if there are places to improve the roads and especially another preparation is how to reduce traffic jam completely. this is the judgment of this city.
Besides, TMC candidate Stoding Thabah said that change is needed and he hopes that the people of Sohiong are wise and intelligent to vote for the TMC in this election.
Besides, he said that everything should be in accordance with the rules so that the people will not be misled by those who lead these two councils.
The inspection was led by the Educational Secretary of the Unit, Samla Wallam Ryntathiang, in the presence of the President of the Unit, Samla Wanbiangstar Rani. KSU Nongkhlaw Circle.
Sales & Marketing jobs account for 17% of the job offers from Affinity, Atomberg, Capgemini, Cipla, ITC, Pidilite Industries, TATA Steel and Titan which continue to employ many young people.
To know the contribution of her song, it is as follows:-“To hear to sang ka sneng tymmen” (Song No.1) – The title of this song speaks about the request for advice to the Khasi people. to have compassion in one's soul and to appreciate one's dignity which the Creator has created and enjoined in one's human life to suit one's humanity.
There is a suggestion that the new census should include the socio-economically weak and backward sections.
Many of these mothers and children fall into the trap of getting married again and their children getting fatherless.
Therefore, the law enforcement authorities should arrest by setting along and warning the woman who dances improperly so that such incidents that defame and disgrace the nation and the state will not happen again in the future. bud from the front.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Defense Minister Amit Shah has ordered the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, to take strict action against those who cause ethnic violence in Manipur. He promised that the Central Government will give its full support to help restore peace in the North East.
The DC's office has urged the residents of the area to go to any registration center to get their Adhaar.
“If we do it faster, the government will get money and we will survive,” he said.
The Seng has informed the Vice Chancellor that the decision of NEHU not to conduct back paper semesters will affect the UG & PG students who have failed to pass the examinations of the previous semesters. If NEHU does not conduct the back paper semester exams, many of the students in the final year will lose and waste their time just because they cannot complete the examinations of the semesters. he died.
It is prohibited to use the media, whether newspapers, TV, radio, mobile, SMS, as means of campaigning without prior permission.
Confirming this, the Secretary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), Bah E Kharmalki, said that the Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of the case until the 30th of November.
These players who have been selected for this team include some of the best performers in the recently concluded MCA U-19 Boys' Inter District Tournament. the unique talent that they are in front of the selectors.
He replied that in Assam the NRC is based on the Assam Accord, while in Tripura there is no Accord.
PD Sangma, Deputy Commissioner, Nongstoin, said that the new district has a population of 145,400 people and a geographical area of ​​100,0 the hundred and forty square kilometers.
“None of the colleagues in the MDA government wanted to revisit the MoU,” said the Chief Minister.
The Mizoram MP also criticized the Mizoram government for abolishing the Free Movement Regime (FMR) and Myanmar which has been a loss in terms of hunting and farming for about 500 kilometres.
The judge said that when a person goes to apply for birth or death certificates, or permission to build a house or to identify documents, in the sale and purchase of land, or in There has been a requirement to obtain the approval of the Rangbah Shnong and it is illegal for the District authorities or the government as well.
Kong Linda KongwangThe bookplate is a plate where children put books, pencils, copies, food items and other items.
At the same time, the Chief Minister said that the government has many measures to curb the illegal entry of people into the state.
In Science Stream, Arnab Dutta got first place with 483 marks and distinction in English, Computer Sciences, Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics, while in Commerce Stream, Rishab Purkayastha got first place with 483 marks. He graduated first with 484 marks and received distinction in English, Mathematics, Business Studies, Entrepreneurship, Accountancy and Economics.
U Bah Paul congratulated the initiative to hold this festival and said that he supports the KHADC's desire to promote and preserve the Khasi culture.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Revenue, Dr RC Laloo said that there are 17 persons including the army who have not yet received their land.
“Teaching is not just a paid job, but teaching is only for people who are loved and respected and who have the ability to do it.
Why do you have to get approval from the government of India?? Implementation by order from the Chief Minister is a job, you don't have to wait for the approval of the Government of India, you have to wait for the Government of India for 50 years.
He said that the problem faced by the department is to dig the road to install the water pipes because there are some villages which do not give permission. The two departments, PWD and PHE, are trying to resolve this issue.
Nongpoh, June 19 : The Umsning Town Dorbar today honored Dr.C Lyngdoh for his glorious victory in the last MLA elections. He is the Chief Executive Member of Umsning Constituency.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the management of MeECL, after receiving information that some farmers have come to ask for electricity.
If the most vulnerable leaders in society have been deceived and imprisoned by the authorities through the work of women or through unclean marriage, then it is time to restore the authority to the elder brothers such as they are responsible for the future of their families.
They were both laid together on the same bed draped with black sheets.
These changes include Madanrting and Polo areas in the Polo area, vehicles will not be allowed to enter from 4th Furlong, but will have to turn away from the CS, Pinewood, B.K Bajoria.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek said that Modi's rise to the post of Prime Minister of the country is an important part of the book.
He also urged the people of Dadengre constituency to refrain from joining the BJP. “Our state is in danger, because the laws have been implemented in a state ruled by the BJP. BJP party and it will not be long before we reach this beautiful state,” he said.
Jembo Marak scored 63 runs off 49 balls and 1 wicket and the best player of the tournament award went to Boney Sohtun. He scored 248 runs and also won the man of the series award with 248 runs and 11 wickets in the tournament while Steveson Syiem won the title for the most wickets. 13 wickets and all of them belonged to the SP Office Cricket Team.
U Bery, who made his first visit to the state and the region, today also visited the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The Fit India Run was inaugurated by the President of Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah RB Shadap as the chief guest. employee of the sports department of Ri Bhoi.
In order to win and lose in any struggle, words of encouragement are used, which in English is called MOTTO, which means KYRMIT in Khasi.
If the Prime Minister has said that this vacancy will be allowed only to foreigners, do you think that people from other states are still sending their children to study here or are they afraid that their children will fall into the trap? The government will not allow them to do so.
At about 5.30PM on the polling day, Bah Deng Shylla told me to collect the four flags – the flags of APHLC, HSPDP and PDIC. The APHLC flag is more difficult to get because they don't work because I belong to the party of 'Sing'
She said that her desire to stand up is to protect the land and the danger from others as she is a small community.
Consensus : means consensus, consensus-consensus is the election and organization of a group of people and consensus is the agreement of a group of people to do anything.
The report is also a witness.
In the 1960s she started an orphanage in her residence and taught them to read and write.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, urged the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing to work hard for the country and the nation. At the same time, to work for the Party, so that the Party's plans for change in the 2023 Elections in Ri Bhoi will come true.
General Secretary Ladthadlaboh ABM Shullai said that the Dorbar Shnong according to its authority does not prevent the children and youth of the village from participating in sports activities so that they can avoid the bad habits that have spread in the country. but the problem faced by the village is in terms of money.
He also praised the management for the progress of the school by saying that all this has happened because the management is people who seek the face of God.
Dating whether male or female happens in different ways.
The reason for this is that the Congress party does not have enough skilled and strong people to fight against the BJP, but the Congress expects to surprise the BJP government in the state.
Two earthquakes have struck Assam and Meghalaya this evening.
Lanong said some UDP MDCs have said that they will resign even though they will remain in the ARPA if Basaiawmoit continues to lead the Council.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Peter J Lawai said that if the Rangbah Shnongs lose their power, the people will face problems especially those who live in the rural areas. They have to come to Shillong only for a village certificate and other documents.
He also urged the government to assist for the construction of halls in all District Head Quarters in the state.
They demanded that this be done immediately before the law enforcement agencies take action.
Shillong: The Pay for Right Shillong and Nehru Yuva Kendra Shillong have celebrated the International Yoga Day 2019 on 21st July 2019 by teaching Yoga to school children.
She also said she would write to DHS on the matter.
In the past, drivers used to pay only 30 tyngka and this is all day without counting the trip they went and came, but today because many commercial vehicles don't have fastag la “It's a good idea to take up to 60 tyngka each way,” said Lyngkot.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : The Government has not yet allocated or released any funds for the repair of all the damage caused by the earthquakes and floods in the state in the past few months. past.
Other parts of Meghalaya will also benefit in transportation or other areas.
The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AYA) has strongly condemned the killing of a schoolgirl in East Jaintia Hills District.
The North East CleanTech Summit today brought together industry leaders, technology providers, R&D scientists, senior officials of the Government of India and the North East, expert visitors from Canada to make public their views on the matter.
This month, Dawki police also seized 75,000 tyngka belonging to a coal exporter in the area.
The Fourth Revelation, the appearance of the Kulai Baiong, represents the greatest Destruction.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: Police of East Jaintia Hills, under the leadership of SI L Kharsyntiew, today raided Barato village to arrest a robber named Jarisniaw Dkhar Tyngkan. Three women who are brothers and sisters of the robber were beaten and tortured.
Rahul slammed the BJP at the rally, saying that it is a party that doesn't do many things but when it comes to power it does only 10 percent of what it has done. promise.
Jowai, Nailar 26: U Abhinav Kuman Singh IAS, Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) of Amlarem Sub-Division today inaugurated a training conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) at Amlarem Sub-Division. The Dorbar Hall of Syndai Kmai Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
d in Political Science.
He said that the complaint of the union to the DEO is after the union has established a letter written by the Chairperson of the NCPCR in The Election Commission of India (ECI) has sent a letter to the ECI that children especially those under the age of 14 years should not be allowed to participate in elections.
Nongshken MDC Grace Kharpuri handed over the garbage truck to the Dorbar Shnong Mawlynnong, a village famous for its cleanliness not only in the country but also in the country. India but also in Asia.
The nine residents of Umduba village were identified as Kandil Marak, Rechi Momin, Wilsh Marak, Robert Momin, Marus Marak, Bimod Marak and Collin Marak.
The District Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) West Jaintia Hills District today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma.
He said that he personally does not oppose the CAB but the nation needs to protect it.
At the same time, he said that the training will be conducted by the Real Growth Company, Chennai.
[read page 8]
Of these 153 cases, 113 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 14 cases from Armed Forces and 99 cases from civilians, 17 cases from Ri Bhoi including 10 cases from Armed Forces and 70 cases from West Garo. Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in South Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The KSU Mawjrong Laitkroh Unit has strongly condemned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who has suggested that the proposal to divide the new constitution is necessary.
The editor of the Global Times, a Chinese newspaper, also rejected the statement of Indian Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, according to India Today. which was published today.
Bah Rao Nongtri said that the power outage will not only affect the people, but the worst suffering will be for the school children and those who need to do online classes.
He said that to prevent the spread of the disease, the most important thing is not to stand too close to those people who have the disease.
Most of the vehicles and vehicles parked along the road are from BK Bajoria School to PGT College because there are street lights but they are not strong enough.
Khasi should be appointed on this basis who are the rightful indigenous people of this state as a whole who know and understand well the customs and traditions and the laws and regulations of the stieh ka jaitbynriew.
The goal of this school improvement initiative is to improve the quality of education and provide modern facilities for students across the state.
At the same time, the KSU leader urged the village leaders to think and monitor the entry and exit of people in the villages and especially those people who come from out of state.
The HYC on Monday said that if the land in the metor area is taken by the government, then those who live there have no right to act as the owners of the land. I will not give them a place to live.
Warjri said that the main purpose of the Meghalaya Games is to open up opportunities for talented children in sports and also to guide them in the right direction. Then the children can showcase their talents.
Regarding some of the songs he has sung in the War language, he said that his song in the War language is because he is proud of his own language. There are those who don't understand if you sing in War and those who ask, but the Khasi themselves have a little understanding when it comes to the words of the song.
The environment includes all the things around us such as mountains, rivers, forests, birds, animals, flowers, wind, sun, u rain, snow, hail, heat, cold...God is the creator and maker of all things, good or bad, including us human beings.
“In the second incident, they created an allegation, which they used against a woman.
He said that they should not waste the training they have received through this project and make good use of it.
This is more money than an ATM machine.
“If you say that the NPP is not, what else is,” said the Mawlai MDC.
valid bieit valid kale valid,.
In the first innings, Metallica Rising Stars lost all wickets in 15.1 overs for 102 runs.
The AJYWO urges the people, Village Authorities, Elaka and Hima to stand against the MRL&VT Bill-2013 of the State Government but to support the ILP which is the only law. The authorities have not been able to enter the state.
According to police, this is a common practice in these areas and it was this morning that the robbers were caught in the shrip.
Thousands of people are still supporting the MDA-NPP government. Hey paid Meghalaya! Don't be like Tubalcain among the children of Israel, who refused to believe Moses, so that they might be slaves in the land of Egypt.
The Congress, BJP, NPP, UDP, TMC and other political parties are led by leaders from Meghalaya when they operate in the state.
With this victory, Langsning now have 14 points while Mawkhar are now at the bottom of the table with 2 points.
“The resolution of the Legislative Assembly is good, but the inclusion of the Garo language should not be a stumbling block to the inclusion of the Khasi language because of the demand for the inclusion of the Garo language. Khasi has been around for a long time,” said Dr Nonglait.
Other speakers were Samla Armstrong Sohshang President KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Samla Willbest Wanniang Education Cell of KSU Mawshynrut Circle; KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit.
Samla Wanphailang Dkhar, who conducted the meeting, said, “Since the DC, many youths have been employed without having to spend money or go through the agents of politicians.
Has the Government considered carefully and considered carefully before taking this decision?
Now, the buyers don't come to buy the kwai...what shall we do?
Speeches were also delivered by the first headmaster of the school, Babu Neralson Syiemlieh and others.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO), which includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) have strongly condemned the expulsion of Tailin. Lyngdoh, one of the Khasi women from the Delhi Golf Club, was arrested for wearing a jaiñsem.
The strong and honorable young man did not feel ashamed of Ban's words but agreed that it was an honor to go to the woman's house to meet her father and mother.
Unlike developed countries, as shown in the above corruption case in the United States where the Interior Secretary of the United States was tried and punished, while in Meghalaya it was not. trial and punish government officials let alone rulers or leaders involved in corrupt practices over the past decades.
In a tweet, he said doctors are treating him well in order to revive him and start his own business.
This rule applies to all including the Khasi.
During the visit, it was found that about 70% of the shops are closed, as they belong to non-indigenous people.
He said that he as the Rangbah Shnong will continue to cooperate in order to meet the needs of the residents of this village. “It is necessary to join hands together so that many more development projects will come in this village which is a benefit to the village as a whole,” he added.
Jesus had to plead before the Father until He had to suffer on the cross.
And he's still alive today.
The team is also preparing for the I-League (2023-24) and recently brought in four players including Haokip, Kynsailang Khongsit, Laiwang and Lenny.
In the past few days, the JSU has said that the government has refused to grant ILP to the state after informing the central government many times through the Union Home Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The KHNAM State Youth Wing on July 2017 met with the Minister of Information & Technology with a petition to take action and support the telecom companies in employment, development of the mother tongue. countries and women’s protection measures.
For this purpose, the government will implement a few buses first and later if it sees fit it will purchase more buses.
After receiving the explanation from the management of the health centre, the HYC leaders said that it is a real problem for the people, who go for treatment at the health center if there is not enough Therefore, if there is no health facility, it will put the people at risk.
In the meeting, which was attended by Bah George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, the leaders of the Union and the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, expressed their deep anger over the news. The government has confirmed that the foreigner from Barbeta has land in Umeit village.
“The Council will investigate and find out the truth because the Syiem has denied that he has issued the NOC so the Council will write a letter to the Rangbah Shnongs to ask for clarification on the matter. “It's not like the MDCs of KHADC are against the casino”.
Kohima: The NSCN (I-M) today said that it has reached an agreement between the Indian government and the party to reach a social agreement to end the talks between the two sides.
Through the Special Plan Assistance (SPA) 2010-11, the Planning Commission of the Government of India has approved the construction of the Ampati Farmers Market at a cost of Rs 18 crore on a 90:10 percent share. between the central and state governments.
Indian badminton player Priyanshu Rajawat's journey in the ongoing Orleans Masters Super 300 has been successful.
After thousands of years of prophecy, God sent his Son to earth.
When asked by some of the Chief Ministers of Rangthong Village, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Chief Minister of Rangthong Village, said that the arrangement of villages from one constituency to another. He said that the Khasi Hills District Autonomous Council (KHADC) has decided to investigate the issues of the people in the two constituencies. In South West Khasi Hills District, we don't feel the need to talk about anything now because when it comes to development works, whether in any constituency, we are the same.
He said that Prestone's remarks are exactly like insulting himself, because before he joined the NPP he was a Congress Minister.
The mix and mastering has been done by Weiba Mawrie and the director of photography is Pynshongdorlang W. Laitthma.
The total amount of money seized is 51,55,900 tyngka.
Moosianglamare Old SWO and Moosiang Lamare New have been promoted to the Second Division after a good performance in the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA. .
Speaking on the Ujjawal Yojana, the Minister said that the number of people, especially women who have benefited from the Ujjawal Yojana has increased.
’ But I say to you that everyone who is angry with his brother will be liable to judgment; whoever insults his brother will be liable to the council; and whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of the hell of fire.
Dr Seema Dwivedi, Head of the Maternity Department, said that many women have requested the hospital to deliver their babies on that day.
There is still time for the government authorities to implement or try from time to time with buses to see if it will help or increase the traffic jam whether it is during school hours or school hours.
Badminton stars Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty have reached the pre-quarter final of the men's doubles of the Thailand Open after beating Malaysia's Nur Mohd Azriyn, Ayub Azriyn and Tan Wee Kiong scored 21-13 21-13 in the 34th minute.
He said that the time will come when the bridge will have to be closed when the bridge is completed to install new bearings.
“The vaccination given by the government to mothers and children is essential for the welfare of mothers and children,” said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem while speaking as the chief guest at the launch of the District Intensified vaccination. Mission Indradhanush (IMI) 4.0 was held at the Sohryngkham Neng Dorbar Hall on Monday.
As Nongmensong belongs to the Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, the Chief Minister has taken note of this claim of the RAM group and has immediately sent to search for these people who are spreading the name of this RAM. village.
They have blocked the aspirations of the Khasi by winning 18 out of 24 seats for the NPP alone in Garo Hills,” he said.
This understanding led him to say, “To me there is no politics without religion.
These four MLAs hold the A+ category.
In a statement, Maitshaphrang through Bah Michael N Syiem Convenor said that these brave deeds of Phan Nonglait have encouraged our nation today as it is a small nation which has been surrounded by foreign nations. he's already paid.
The incident happened at a petrol pump of Ohma Energy station of BPCL at Ghograpar Police Station in Nalbari district when a group of four youths entered the petrol pump. at 7.30 pm to opposite the Christmas parade.
" said the Father.
Until today, the patient has not been fully conscious, although she has started to move her hands and feet and until now, the patient has not been able to ring and breathe on her own and still needs to be treated. the power of the ventilator to breathe and breathe.
There was a heated discussion on the right to freedom of expression and there was also a discussion on the Facebook Page and there was also a discussion on the discussion to hold a public rally against it. the young man was arrested.
God, who holds in His hands the wheels of the seasons and years and who holds the steering wheel of our lives, will pour out equal blessings upon us all.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Following the shooting death of three policemen by suspected GNLA militants this morning, the DGP of Garo Hills, Bah Peter Hanaman, has rushed to Garo Hills to conduct a thorough investigation into the situation. happy to sign.
He has also been appointed Block Development Officer, Shella-Bholaganj Community & Rural Development Block.
The incident happened at 11:20 pm at a place between Patalgre and Dorengkigre near the Simsang River.
The above are just a few of the things we find and discover the truths.
However, unfortunately, although the new building will be opened on the 17th July 2023, the school has not yet been able to use the new building and the students still have to occupy the dilapidated classrooms of the old schoolhouse.
“Even a child understands that the NPP is working with the BJP,” he said.
Balen Thubru, President of the AJCCTA, has strongly criticized Kyrshan Dkhar, former Secretary of the AJCCTA, for his appointment as President and for continuing to gather political parties to form his own party.
The union also urged the government to provide for the payment of salaries to teachers and to implement equal pay for equal work for all teachers.
At the same time, he said that the allegation that the Khasi language is still not recognized in Parliament is wrong.
The JHADC has not yet decided to follow a date due to the current situation as India is still in the fight against COVID-1
There are 4,166 confirmed cases and 931 deaths.
The CEM said that the rules of governance differ from one village to another and they have to change the rules of procedure in the Dorbar Shnongs according to the demands of the time, but at the same time to say that women They should be Rangbah Shnong, they should be Sirdar. It is not yet the time to hold on to the customs and traditions, to hold on to the dignity and manners, but to say that the rights of the you women and make your voice heard women feel i fall for it not to shut the mouth of women, there should be a space to let them be able to make their voice heard.
I think it is on this basis that the Khasi Jañtia Church Leaders' Forum has taken the initiative on this occasion to intervene in the political affairs of the state.
The election in Rambrai Jyrngam will be very interesting, as the incumbent MLA has just left the Congress party which he won with honor as the leader.
However, the health authorities have advised that during these festive seasons, the public should wear masks when going out. go anywhere, wash your hands, and follow the rules as much as possible.
Shillong, November 9: Former CEM of KHADC Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on Tuesday announced the rules and regulations of Motphran. The KHADC together with the Hima Mylliem have decided to implement it in Iewduh.
Krem-Myrsiang FC have become the winners of the Second Division Football Tournament after beating Ever Young FC 1-0 in the final match played at Lamyrsiang Stadium on Tuesday. You are God.
In Khasi-Jaintia, they usually plant kba in thiar or sub (heavy fields).
Shillong, June 18: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday seized more than 1200 billion grams of heroin. They were smuggled into Bangladesh from the international border of West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
If anyone brings rice in the pla, the rice from the house, which is called Khaw Lawai or Khaw Sohpetbneng, should be eaten immediately, and thus Khaw Tyndep loses its power of magic. his.
This was seen in the streets of Shillong near the Secretariat where the vendors who sell cigarettes and cigarettes also sell tobacco such as khaini, Shikhar, Tiranga and other tobacco products. .
Such a mentality of our fellow countrymen is indeed unacceptable as a nation because foreigners are considered as brothers and sisters and brothers and sisters are considered as brothers and sisters. bar Nation and enemy.
What sparked the protest was the British government’s decision to cancel a local festival.
The allegation came after Dr Mukul received a photograph of Conrad and his wife sitting together at a large gathering in Delhi.
She said the Government will consider the work at the Civil Hospital, Shillong and see how much the people give their support to this hospital.
Shillong, July 12: The HSPDP has requested to nominate up to 17 candidates and if it reaches that point, it means that the UDP will have to contest only 20 constituencies, except for the friendly constituencies. .
Up to 90% of the funds allocated to the MWCD come from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government budget.
Earlier, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak said that with the aim of not relying too much on the water supply from the Umïew River in Mawphlang which is the source of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme, another The proposed source of water for New Shillong is the Umkhen River.
The most expensive prize for a computer went to Shakorika Das and Prahlad Dutta.
The HNLC also said that the Budnar Shadow Squad (BSS), which acts as its special unit, was involved in the blast.
According to the letter, the union has informed that the delay in the repair of this road is due to the fact that the NHAI has called a tender only for repair and not for improvement. ' twice there was only one person competing for it.
There will be cash prizes for the winners including Double T.4000 and T.3000 and Single T.2500 and T.1500 each.
“However, surprisingly, the BDO refused to provide a copy of the investigation report even when requested.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong's second goal came in the second half through Rimiki Suchiang in the 73rd minute.
And when this incident happened during the rainy season, there was a plague and a plague that devastated the people.
Shillong, July 11: The residents of Wahsarang and Lumshken villages in East Jaintia Hills have been waiting for a good road to reach their village.
The four were reported missing during a search operation in Kupwara district of Jammu and Kashmir yesterday.
During his visit to Jaintia Hills, a meeting was held at Infinity Hall, Ladthaldboh, Jowai.
The Department of Sericulture and Weaving plays an important role in poverty alleviation.
Then the servant thought to himself before he left home, saying, 'I used to walk this road every day to get to my master's house.
He said that in other years like this month, the farmers were ready to clean up the fields but there was a storm at sunset which caused people to leave the fields.
All the students of the college, 922 students, attended the public meeting.
The Minister said that he has held a meeting with the Secretary PWD today to direct the Division Executive Engineers to be vigilant due to the landslide. rainfall in the entire state.
The truth is that to get government jobs as in the past decades is not enough to get government jobs, but to say that there are no more is not the truth.
Shanbor left the city on Tuesday morning to go to Delhi.
According to the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, there are about 14 villages under the Raid.
Thank you so much.
In the second leg, Ladthadlaboh beat Khimusniang 3-0
The High Court today heard the petition filed by the daughter of Sagarika Daw, who works at NEIGR HIMS, for the Central Pool of MBBS. Meghalaya.
However, only research scholars (Ph.D.) will be admitted to higher education institutions.
However, it is surprising that the government in Meghalaya has not respected this announcement.
The first payment of PM-KISAN of Rs 14,946 crore has been sent to 7.47 crore farmers.
When they came to live in this place, they knew everything about the Mercy Home from the cost of living, food and drink.
The residents who have registered include Kitbok Rymbai, former Waheh Shnong, Stamly Dkhar and Saimi Dkhar.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) MP Derek O'Brien on Tuesday visited Mawkyrwat to campaign for the TMC candidate from Mawkyrwat constituency.
He said that those accused in this unjustified shooting are from the police. If it is said that there is a need for an independent investigation, how can you ensure that it will be independent? , do they have that confidence to say that that investigation will be independent.
“Other groups or departments of the government of the country or even foreign ones, can hold meetings and discussions at this center after completion, because it is adequate and complete,” she said. director.
In a statement, the Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Kong D Lyngdoh, said that the state government has been in talks with the Ministry of Education and the National Testing Agency on the examination.
Shillong, Naiwieng : The Dr H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Jaiaw recently celebrated its 100th anniversary of serving the people in the field of health care.
Furthermore, the neighbors and other invited groups came to take part in various traditional dances in their traditional costumes.
Other reasons, which he gave, are that the introduction of the Goods and Service Tax (GST) is another issue, which has caused more confusion among the people. “At present, the Congress and UDP don't have any money, except the BJP,” he said.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) on Saturday renewed its new office bearers for the 2023-25 ​​term.
Shillong: Former MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the decision of the Congress MLAs to leave the Congress party is the best decision.
Please participate.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister, the Health Minister AL Hek especially the Deputy Chief Minister, Professor RC Laloo and all. Doctors and health workers, who have set up a blood donation center in Jaintia Hills where the Blood Bank was inaugurated today.
If a person is not in the midst of illness, if he is in the midst of poverty and deprivation, time for him does not pass and remains the same.
On the other hand, the HSPDP, which has contested only 13 seats, does not expect to win on its own, but expects to win all 13 seats.
“We are following up on the incident to arrest others involved as the investigation is ongoing so it is not possible to tell everything and after the investigation the police from the Head Quarter will give details, says a police official.
Rymbui said petrol and diesel in Meghalaya is still low compared to other states in India.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced that the traffic rules in East Khasi Hills will start from 5 pm to 10 pm and This will start from 18th November,
What is more surprising is why the Forest Department of JHADC has not appointed experts to select the seeds to plant in these areas.
At the same time, he said that the Mission used to visit the rural villages in East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi to provide medicines and treatment.
Shillong, July 12: Myanmar has started raiding the bases of Indian insurgents within its border to drive them out of the Indian border.
He said the union has demanded from the government through the Taxation Department to come and inspect these shops and not to allow them to open without getting licenses from the government.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today said that the pollution levels in the city have decreased as expected when he announced the implementation plan for the Tlang season. to prevent the destruction.
We will send the report to the government soon," she said.
On the opening day of the tournament, Se-La-Jong FC played against Seven United SS&CC. It was difficult to score but didn't have the opportunity to do so in the first half.
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has called for talks with the HPC to arrange for the completion of the work. “You want to talk to us, now on the one hand you call for talk and on the other hand you have already thrown a stick at us,” said Gurjit. or what agenda to discuss and if you don't explain the topics in advance, they won't go and talk lymmuh.
On 26.07.2022, the High Court has sentenced the suspect under section 447/427/436 IPC to imprisonment for five (5) years and two (2) months. don't have been in prison for ten years and fifteen months.
Meanwhile, Myanmar has denied that Indian troops have come to attack the rebels in the North East within the border of Zaw Htay. “According to information sent by the Tatmadaw (Myanmar Army) battalion, which is a ground force, we have received information that the Indian troops are conducting insurgent operations only within their border. on the border with Myanmar".
The Governor also presented the Meghalaya Day Award 2023 to Sweetymon Rynjah, Dr. Jennifer V. Basaiawmoit, Pa Togan N Sangma Award and Klingson D Marak. received the King's Award.
However, surprisingly, many children have gone to places where there is internet but do not know how to fill it and have sent help to those who sit in cyber cafés.
“This is what Dr. Buam said to the media while they continued to hold a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat.
It is learned that shortly before she took the decision to commit suicide, she was inside her room and was preparing a book. the football that Brazil lost, did the job.
Others who attended the ceremony included the Director of Tourism Department, CG Diengdoh, IAS, Director of C&RD Department, SC Sadhu, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills.
Sohra has received 1105.9mmtang of rainfall in the month of June and it is expected that in the next 13 days of June, Sohra may receive more rainfall than the record. so far that is 1223mm per month.
The office of the LYSO and VDP village has been donated by the elders, women and youth to provide the necessities from cupboards, chairs, tables and others until it becomes a fully functional office.
Shillong, March 10: Today (10th March) is the World Mental Health Day, which is part of the World Mental Health Day. the intellectual power of each of the people.
“I don't want to say give me what others want but I trust the wisdom of the prime minister, what he gives, he knows better, I trust that. “, said Bah Brolding while speaking to reporters after being sworn in.
Have we strayed from the ways of Christianity? In fact, our Christmas celebration should be meaningful and encouraging, proclaiming the Savior and giving hope to others.
You may wonder why I say that the District Council is a translator because first of all the duty of the District Council is to preserve the land and the customs and traditions but do you see that Does it really protect the earth? If it has destroyed the land, how many times has it appealed to the Supreme Court against the land grabbing of our State? How many times has she approached the UN to ask for assistance from this powerful agency of the world for the attacks on our fellow countrymen and our land in the border areas and others? other places? Why is the map of our State (especially Khasi Jaintia Hills) still changing with the passing of the days? Do you have a District Council? Does it, then, preserve and protect the earth? If this continues, the time will come when the Hynniewtrep people will say that the existence of the District Council (KHADC & JHADC) is a threat to the Jaitbynriew.
The funeral service will be held on the 6th of this month at the Lama Presbyterian Church.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah PN Syiem today launched the new Ford Aspire.
Laloo said the union had allowed the foreigner to correct the mistake by allowing him to complete it until 8th June but he did not do so and for that reason, the union has lodged a complaint. him.
He said the PDF was formed without any agreement between the supporting members and therefore, there is a need to discuss this.
The height of this stone is 76 meters from east to west.
"In connection with the HNLC's claim, the Khliehriat Police have registered a case under Section 40(07) 2021 U/s 120B/121/121A IPC RW Section 3 Explosive Substance Act R /w sections 10/13 UAP Act.
Nongpoh: To understand the problems faced by the residents of Block-2, Raid Nongtung, Meghalaya, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, said that the Yesterday, he visited four villages in the area.
“At this meeting, these leaders of the Union said that these villages are not under Block 2, but in Meghalaya; “I don't understand this statement because the behavior of Bah Sohtun, who is the President of the Union, shows that he intends to do politics out of this border settlement,” said Bah Tynsong.
“KSU Khliehriat Circle wishes the leaders of Seiñraij Jowai, the Dolloi, the head of religion and all the children of the Niamtre people a healthy body,” said Suchen. healthy and improved income, education and sustainable development.
“However, these statements and promises have turned into nothing after it became clear that despite many opposition, the Government has not taken into account the voice of the majority and has proceeded to approve the 3 “This was revealed in the reply of the Minister of Taxation James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today,” said the HYC. first.
" – as impossible as it can be, especially in such radical works.
U Rupang today spoke to the management of Reach Shillong Ministries who said that the ministry takes care of such incidents.
Renik said the department has set a target to complete the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) phase-III this year. complete this project.
The service was strengthened by the singing by the youth of Siatbakon, Laitjem and Standing Choir, Shillong Western Presbytery and the Word of God was distributed by Pastor NB Diengdoh.
Bah Sadon K.Blah, said that the party has not stopped to follow up on the demand of the government to resolve the border of Sam, so on this issue, the party will soon go to the meeting. talks with the Village Leaders of Langpih and also with the Village Leaders of Block-1
US Mathivanan, Regional Director RDSDE, gave a talk on the steps taken by the Regional Education Policy in relation to the National Education Policy while Prof Ghanashyam Bez of NEHU explained the steps taken by the team. schools to realize the benefits of NEP in the state so far.
Shillong: The Opposition MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang, on Tuesday asked the state government what it has done regarding the Indian government's failure to launch the scheme in the border villages. scheme Border Area Development (BAD).
At the same time, South Korea and the United States have pledged to retaliate against North Korea for its nuclear activities that have threatened its neighbors from time to time. .
Lungkawlh is located five kilometers from the Myanmar border.
In the afternoon, a prayer was held, a speech by Kong F.Siangshai and a blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the Duwan by Bishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Many of the residents of Jowai Village witnessed this and saw that along the river was filled with garbage and dirty hand water.
The ED is searching for one of the owners of the company, Aamir Khan, as he was not present at the time of the raid.
Before receiving the CAU-R1 seed, the farmers had returned the original seed rice which they had received at 5kgs each since last year.
Therefore, in this age, we should no longer divide and divide the nation, and when we fight, we should fight according to the customs and traditions, especially in this age when the authorities have overwhelmed us.
A few hours later, they received a phone call from the Mumbai authorities informing them of the incident which shocked them, and they had no choice but to wait. and prayed earnestly for their son to reach his destination safely.
“During the programme, the BSF distributed computers, tables, synthesis, water purifiers and others for the development of school children and residents of this area. in the border area.
Bruce was also known by the nickname 'Boss' and this year he will celebrate his 74th birthday.
This has prompted the EC to decide to take this issue to the dorbar for discussion among the members.
According to a statement by the SP of East Jaintia Hills, the statement of the SP that I came to the SP office and filed the FIR on 5/11/2018, this is also wrong and unacceptable because This work was completed on the same day as I was forced to do on 6/11/2018 and this was accepted and signed by the Dy.SP Bah G.Marshillong MPS not on 5/11/2 6/11/2018.
Dept, Chief Secretary and Officers of the State Government.
Therefore, FASTOM has continued its strike on the evening of the 28th at 2 pm until the government fulfills its promise on their demand.
If evils arise from the children of the household, it is not the responsibility of the Rangbah and Longkpa of the household because they are his descendants.
These are the tricks to convince the candidate to earn more money each time he visits the candidate.
When asked, the former Mawsynram MLA said that the Government in its capacity and the Cabinet will take a decision on this issue.
Furthermore, the Sports Scholarships for athletes this year were also announced.
For the first time, no candidate was nominated except Bah Thombor Marbaniang, former Rangbah Shnong who has held the post of Rangbah Shnong for three years.
On the occasion, the President of the KSU Nongjri Border Unit and General Secretary of the South Central East Circle, Victor More Khongtir, said that the KSU Nongjri Border Unit has been robbed by Bangladeshis. Khasi living on the border, especially those from this village, is not only the first time, but it is an incident that happens from time to time.
Nongstoiñ, March 4: The Umyiap District Youth Assembly will celebrate its Silver Jubilee in the second month of November.
There was also an award ceremony for the students of the kur who have passed well in the examinations this year.
We remember that Jesus was hungry after He fasted and Satan came as then to tempt Jesus.
Regarding these actions, I have moved a motion on the 3rd of this month in the District Council, in which I have proposed that both the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam should look into the matter. and some of the grounds, which were approved by the whole House.
There is still a land raid but most of the people do not have land (Landlessness is acute).
In Khasi Hills, Bah Shylla, during his tenure as CEM of KHADC, gave buskits to women who gave birth to more than 15 children.
“There is a feeling that we should be vigilant but as we who are watching this peace talks, as it is now, I don't think there will be anything that we have to be vigilant because the talks lead to good and peace. keep going," he said.
Rajasthan Food Grain, a shop in IewMawlong, has shown its documents that today alone it has been able to sell up to 200 large or 1000 small bags of flour.
Leaders of the Seng Khasi (Sengkmie) and Sein Raij Jowai were also present.
Therefore, he urged the students that the motto of the school is, “Raise Up and Shine” and that the students should be diligent in their studies and be children. Those who bring honor to the school through their lives and through their hard work will become something in the future.
“How can you say that the Congress is weak?
The fourth Temple is the last Temple which is not of God but of Satan (Lucifer).
The tournament will continue on Friday when Pynthorbah SC will play against Madanlyngkhi FC at 3:15 pm, Riatsamthiah SC will play against Mawpdang SC at 4:45 pm.
It may also be recalled that the dress of the Khasi is written 'K' with numbers while the dress of the foreigners is written 'NT' with the numbers.
We are told that while Saul was on his way to persecute the Christians, God sent upon him a lightning bolt and a thunderbolt, and soon the sword of the thunderbolt almost struck his head.
Blessings through the environment:- We find in Exodus chapters 16 and 17, that God revealed the blessings through the environment in the miracles that Moses performed among the children of Israel while they were walking in the wilderness. you are in the wilderness.
“We have informed the ADCs about this from time to time.
Israeli warplanes have continued their attack on Gaza, dropping thousands of bombs on the country, the report said.
He said that it is through the provisions of the 6th Schedule that the paid riewlum in the state can be protected.
“The Government should understand that those children who get to study through its quota come from poor families, they have to ask for money from other neighbors and loved ones.
Therefore, teachers should also be well versed in technology or online teaching-learning as they had to do during the outbreak of Covid-1
Shillong: The relationship between the two ethnic parties, the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), has become closer in recent days.
Imagine how much you will benefit from spending money on your life.
On the same issue, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongtrai Area Unit last year, sent a petition to demand the upgradation of Umsohpieng Sub-Centre PHC. the people of Nongtrai area.
We have a team to investigate the involvement of politicians and these companies and we will take action soon,” said Bah Khongwir.
Tympew leaves contain Eugenol which can reduce the increase in cholesterol in the body and if the cholesterol is low, the body is healthy.
The party's election campaign said that for a long time, there has been a difference of opinion between the group of Bah Kawang Dkhar and Bah Donbok Thabah who are also the office managers.
and PDSA President Glovis Basaiawmoit, Sports Department Staff and others.
Javed is currently in police custody.
Noting that some of them have received letters regarding the deadline, she said that she and others have not received any information that their shops will be closed.
On the other hand, the CoMSO demanded that the MPCC should write to the ACC and AICC and send them the letter of the Assam MLA.
“Mr Rangbah Duh also urged the audience to visit Meghalaya and see these crematoria.
Nongpoh: Students of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Niangbari, Ri Bhoi District, today participated in the Pariksha Pe Charcha programme. set up this program to consult with school children, teachers and parents across India.
