According to the Imphal Free Press, Biren Singh has criticized in clear terms and said that people these days, respect a child from Shillong more than the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He said that even if it doesn't reach Maweit, it will help the people who walk and stand and it will also make him happy as a leader, because he has achieved the aspirations of the people.
Because of these decisions of the courts, the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong have the right to get better.
The four-year-old tiger, along with other tigers and lions, are currently undergoing treatment for fever and are expected to recover soon, said the Wildlife Conservation Society. and he gave them the land.
But I don't know what to do, I live in Motphran; But I'm all expelled, When the government comes.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle, in the past few days, has arrested four foreigners who have come to work in Riangdo area for about two years. ei without any proper documents.
All three have managed to secure a win over China and Japan, who are the favorites to win the title.
The last prophet was Malachi.
Bah Samlin said that his signing of the letter was to support the demand of the Sur ki Mawlai as it is a reasonable and reasonable demand.
Police on receiving the information immediately rushed to the scene and after completing the post mortem, they handed over the body of the child to the police. house for completing the rest.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has launched a raid on drug dealers in Upper Mawprem this morning. Khasi youths have been arrested for drug trafficking in Mahari.
The resolution was put to the vote after Bah Ardent announced his decision not to withdraw the resolution, saying that he has not yet received the reply of the State Government.
He can teach his children to be brave and self-respecting, he raises and cares for them in a way that cannot be described in words.
Sambormi Lyngdoh also urged the people to think carefully when casting their votes especially those youth who are still voting for the first time, because one vote can bring about a change. “We need people who can bring about development, who can bring benefits to the people, u Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, is not a new candidate , but he was an MLA and a Minister, during his tenure as Minister, in just two years he brought East Jaintia Hills District, but he hopes, five years what he has done. for this district? “I also ask, what has he done on that foundation stone which has been laid since 2018, for to bring in Residential Schools in the district, what he has done with the Residential Schools, and the Teacher Training Center in the district, which during the time of Justine Dkhar has been able to complete the construction ( building), unfortunately even the bill of the contractors has not been received, he became a government minister, in fact the blessings should have fallen like rain in the district, but unfortunately five years have passed. said Mr. Sambormi.
On the other hand, these students have also gone to seek clarification, where are the names of other students when these posts are those who have not taken the examination, although in the recruitment process some students have been selected and some have been rejected, but The DMHO office should have informed from the beginning and should have released the names, but the release of only 5 candidates for the interview for the post of Staff Nurse at the DMHO office has caused a lot of trouble. She added that the authorities have clarified that they have selected these five candidates through Internal Marks, a question mark in front of the candidates. The day is when they select the Internal Marks without taking the examination.
Gomes is currently playing for Watford and Saturday's FA Cup match against Manchester City.
On the other hand, the UDP Youth Wing has decided to demand from the government to provide assistance to the people who have lost their rice and other crops due to the cold weather. He condemned the State Government for not implementing Crop Insurance which is a scheme of the Government of India to assist farmers.
The bloodshed of the government (state and central government) to build a road through Nongstoin to Wahkaji is a very difficult task.
In another match, St. Edmund's College beat Shillong College.
Explaining on this, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said, “As the General Secretary of the UDP, I would like to state here that we have nothing to do with the NDA. You are also an alliance with the NDA.
New Delhi: Defense Minister Rajnath Singh today left for Srinagar to attend the funeral of a CRPF soldier who was killed in an attack by Pakistani militants in the Friday of the week.
The three constituencies where the NPP will support the BJP are Nagoapara, Jikjak and Betasing.
The Parish Sohra will hold its annual Eucharistic Procession on the 27th January
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Dr. Donkupar Roy, Leader of the Opposition today launched a book written by Moonlight Tymthai, 25, at a short meeting held in Shillong. Press Club.
for in these things I delight” (Jeremiah 9:23-24). For man shall not see me, and live” (Exodus 33:20). and the Word of God clearly says, "But my face thou shalt not see.
On the 23rd there will be a Christmas Concert by the bands from Jowai and Rymbai including Revive Band and Sweet String Band, said Pachiang. Orchid Inn is closed.
“After 47 years of rule by Sangma (PA Sangma's family) in Garo Hills, I believe that the people want change and the reason why the people of Garo Hills reject the NPP is that there are many “There is also the smuggling of sugar from India to Bangladesh, the rice imported from Myanmar to Garo Hills, which has affected the rice in Garo Hills,” said Deborah. .
When she got home in the evening, after eating and drinking while she was sitting with her sister, Deisy told her about the conversation between Riia and Linda.
During this 1000 years, there will also be a Great White Throne to judge all people.
He also wrote a book on Health Education.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: Four persons were injured in an explosion at a marjot shop on Keating Road, Shillong on Sunday.
The electoral votes were won by Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
“In the past, 10 acres of land produced 10 trucks of sohniamtra but now, even 10 trucks is difficult to get sohniamtra,” said a farmer from Wahkhen, Pynursla.
In the second half, Kerala started well and in the 46th minute Mohammed Aimen scored the third goal.
“At the same time, responding to the request of the family members of Bah Cherish to the members of the HNLC to be vigilant, Bah Blah admitted that according to the opinion of many churches – there is such a thing. especially after the death of Bah Cherish at the hands of the police.
What are the tests for Covid 19? 17.
The visit was attended by Lamphrang Lyngkhoi, Estarlin Kharsyiemiong, Storing Lyngkhoi, Teacher Thongni, Diliance Lyngdoh and others.
Shillong, June 8: The written test will be held on the 3rd of July, 2014 to the candidates who have applied for the post of LDA cum Typist. The school will be closed from 9 am to 11 pm, said NA Khan, Member Secretary, Shillong.
In Orisha, the BJP and the Congress have not been able to support the BJD.
The MMECC urges the DFO, Territorial East Khasi Hills District to expedite the inspection so that those who still have the mined coal can be released after the office has completed the inspection. the Challan was issued.
We are Congress (5), AITC (5) VPP (4).
Besides, he said that the MHA has also issued a directive that no Bill or Act passed by the State Governments should not oppose or be against the Act passed by Parliament.
It is time for the people to stand up against the illegal tax collectors because it affects them every day when they have to pay for food and vegetables to their homes.
With this victory, the students of ïewrynghep Sec.School in the Under-14 category have been able to continue their journey to the semi final of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup
This is a scam and a part of corruption which should not happen or continue in the future like these public schemes, but the schemes should be fair and square or clear and accurate. reading.
Ten persons have been arrested under the Excise Act.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said that although the country is free from the rule of the British, the nation is still being attacked in other ways.
The village authorities have also banned vehicles coming from outside the village from parking inside the village.
The first body was recovered on the 16th of July and on the 26th of July the second body was recovered, the third body was recovered last Saturday, the fourth body was recovered yesterday and the third body was recovered. today is the day.
However, in Meghalaya, if you are looking for a job, it means that the applicants have to pay the employers before accepting the applicants.
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong-A has expressed its surprise that the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka has not called for a hearing in the Village Court on the dispute over the land at Khlieh Lamanang in Nongjngi Elaka between Namdong A and another person named to Romario Really.
He said that corruption is an issue that the Congress has decided to eradicate in the country.
New programs like CM-Elevate will open up more opportunities for the youth and entrepreneurs,” he said.
“We expect that the opening of tourism will not dump garbage in the Sohra area.
Kailash Choudhary – Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare24.
“In Kuliang village and on the road about 5 km from Ratachera, there is a road blockage which can endanger the passengers. and directed them to repair these roads as soon as possible".
The ceremony was conducted by Pastor Ebling Majaw of Umlyngka Church.
Vehicles coming from New Hill and Shillong will turn to Kynruh Saphlang and Thomas Jones.
On Friday, a clash broke out between two groups near the DHS office in Laitumkhrah and the arson of vehicles occurred when the two groups met again at Laitumkhrah Police Station to lodge a complaint.
However, Meghalaya were bowled out for 97 runs in 33.5 overs.
The MLA from Nongpoh, said that the reason for the rapid spread of COVID-19, is because those who have contracted COVID-19, have been sent to stay at home. It is difficult for them to stay alone without contacting their relatives and this has caused the spread of COVID-1
It is learned that this increase in murders has put at risk not only the taxi drivers but the citizens of the state as a whole.
According to information received, Islam has two permanent residences, one at Mahamayachar village under South Salmara police station in Dhubri district and the other at Mahamayachar village in Dhubri district. Gaibanda is located under Lakhipur Police Station in Goalpara District, Assam.
When they tried to arrest Halim Uddin, he tried to flee. When they tried to arrest him, some people arrested him and the police took him away. these are the two states.
Three mobile phones, a Dakar, a Gypsy and a Maruti 800 taxi were seized.
There will also be a short drama on the laws and regulations in the state.
The All Tribal Students Union (ATSU) has been holding a public rally in the state since 3rd June 2013 to protest against the government. demand of Meitei to be included in the list of Scheduled Tribes (STs).
On the other hand, these women who surrendered to the court today, have been granted bail as these women who have been charged under the law cannot be released on bail.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa today said that the incident ha Umwali, Langpih area has calmed down and no incident has occurred. unfortunately.
The annual pilgrimage was scheduled to start on the 1st of November from two routes, one 48-kilometre long known as Nunwan-Pahalgam in Anantnag district and the other longer. The road known as Baltal in Ganderbal district is about 14 kilometers long.
He also congratulated the winning team and all those who participated.
They said that the government's action is like trying to hide something from the public by delaying the submission of the report.
On the other hand, the Symbud Lamphang said that the belief of MPCC President Vincent Pala that the Congress will win the ruling party is only his own opinion.
Shillong, March 17: The Mawkynrew Catholic Youth Association (MAYC) has announced to hold the Sohphlang Festival on the 21st of this month, which will be the first festival to be held in the state.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Secretary, UDP in the presence of Allantry F Dkhar, Working President, Droistar Khongsti, Droistar Khongsti, who contested the MLA election from Sohra from the HSPDP in 2018 and others.
During the hearing, it was also informed that the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has approved the draft prepared by the State Government but has made suggestions to amend some parts of it.
He urged all those who witnessed this programme, to look at and recognize the citizens with disabilities, through their special abilities and not through their disabilities.
Aaron Nongrum scored 4/39, Fricke Sangma (2/3), Bipin Ray (2/36) and Aryan Borah (2/62).
Justice T Vaiphei took this decision after it appeared in the newspaper that the Dorbar Shnongs do not receive any assistance from the government to look after those who are under quarantine.
In recent times, relations between China and Nepal have begun to deteriorate due to the allegations that China has made against Nepal in connection with the project.
The incident occurred in the Fallbrook area of ​​San Diego County.
When asked about the urgently needed temporary measures to curb the spread of drugs, Bah Paul said, “One of the issues discussed was the reform and renovation of the Villages. Defense Party (VDP) and especially to identify those areas where drugs are most prevalent including in Shillong.”
Others who attended the program included Bah P.Tynsong, BDO, Dr SA Lyngdoh, DMHO, Sordar of Mawkdok, Doctors, ASHAs and others.
Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb, Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio and other North East Ministers were present at the meeting. .
The heat wave in Ara district of Bihar has killed many people in Ara district of Bihar and the death toll has made it difficult to get wood to burn the bodies.
¢Do not touch or climb electric poles or electrical wires and equipment.
The film Skap will be screened from 1st to 6th November at Loompyrdi Iongpiah and later will be screened in other villages.
Not only can it fight against obesity but it is also anti-inflammatory.
Besides, Bah HS Shylla also urged the government to employ the youth of the state in various fields in order to improve the income of the people of the state.
The court also ordered that Mishra should not be granted bail.
“Through the takeover of Bah Khlaiñ, we believe that we will be able to qualify for the I-League,” said Bah Fredy.
He said that the shooting death of Bah Roning, the father of two young children and the husband of an unemployed woman, has shown the incompetence of the He also alleged that in many cases, the BSF are not present at the places where they should patrol because they go to look for drugs and other good deeds as mentioned by the residents. these are the soldiers.
Speaking to reporters at his residence, u Bah Paul said that there are many reasons that have to be discussed in the District Council along with the work.
In a statement, the President of the union, Dalseng Bira Ch Momin, said that there are 12,541 SSA teachers in the state and they have to strike for their salaries. For many months, the government has not paid their salaries.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Award was presented at Raj Bhavan in the presence of the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. .
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The meeting of the group led by Bah Sounder S.Cajee on Saturday, July 4, 2022 was held in the presence of thousands of people. The meeting was held at the Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat to hear what the leaders will decide for the 2023 elections from the 36th Mawkyrwat Constituency.
In 1620 a plague struck Italy, killing 1.7 million people.
In general, those who are willing to attend church each month to associate with fellow believers through prayers and other religious teachings should also spend time in the knowledge of the customs and traditions in a clear and concise manner.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The relatives of Altima Rani, a mother who went to give birth at the Ganesh Das Government Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong, have expressed their deep sorrow over the incident. Hospital after the woman suffered a new injury to her body, due to the injury of the thyrnia which was stuck inside the body which the doctors used to injure the parts of the body of the woman. and the woman gave birth to a son.
Another issue taken by the State Election Committee on the 20th to remind the MLAs is that any improvement or maintenance of the rooms of the MLA Hostel should not be done. which is appropriate to the method of publication and should also be according to the needs.
“The women's team is ranked 50th behind the men's team, and this has hopes of playing in the World Cup and Meghalaya should take part in this journey.
At the time of writing, the HNLC has not received any reminder whether the curfew announced earlier will continue or not, but despite the lack of reminder, the people are in doubt. Many residents have phoned the reporter to ask whether the curfew will be imposed or not.
Therefore, we have to find out where the notification is and what the notification says. I think the public needs to know, because as we see that the IAS officers don't know. How many people there are and we don't even know how much tax they have to pay,” said Ampareen.
When we say 'government authorities' we don't mean only the leaders, but also the officers who are involved in illegal activities.
“We still haven’t received any help from the sports department.
Shillong: The Parliamentary Standing Committee led by Anand Sharma on 18th July 2020 met with the leaders of District Councils from Khasi, Garo and Jaintia Hills, Leaders of civil society organizations and others to discuss how to amend the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India in Meghalaya and other states.
“For this reason, the Prime Minister has convened a meeting of various departments and at the meeting it was decided to convene a meeting of all the groups by the Deputy Commissioner.
The manager has a connection with the Indian Super League and has been watching the league for some time.
God created man perfectly in His own image, saying, “Let us make man in our image, after our likeness.
She urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the Medical Superintendent of Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong to take action to avoid any tragic incidents.
Shillong, Nailur, 06: The Central Executive Committee of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDPP) has decided to oppose the proposal of the State Government to implement the Meghalaya Gaming Act, Casino.
Shillong: A team of doctors led by Dr. Bhaskar Borgohain, HOD Orthopedics has operated on a 6-year-old child from Bangladesh on 17th June,
It is necessary to judge from side to side, to the left, to the right, forward, backward, what has already happened, what is happening and what will happen and so on.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: A 30-year-old man identified as Khie Phawa has been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital after claiming that he was set on fire by a petrol bomb at Mawlong Market on Saturday evening. at 10 p.m.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 13: U Bah KP Pangniang, President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) who is also the candidate for the 32nd Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, today held a meeting of the nine polling stations. Rambrai zone, to clarify the party's working methods before the polling day.
“We urge the leaders and the BJP will soon announce how to curb the spread of drugs in Meghalaya,” said BJP State President Ernest Mawrie.
If only about 23,000 unemployed youth have been registered, according to the state government, how many have not been registered in the government's census, 8,000 posts are vacant. , why can't you appoint a job,” said Sangma.
Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal today issued an order that all those infected with Covid-19 should stay at home for five days. She strongly opposed the decision, saying that she believed that the act was very harmful.
What will be remembered in the heritage of the Seng Khasi Kmie is his understanding and understanding of the sacred Lum Sohpetbneng.
These foreigners, after a while, marry cleanly with the villagers, become paduh padeng, pakhynnah, pasan and so on.
Two civilians were killed in a shooting incident in Oting, Mon district of Nagaland.
JARF Secretary Leningstar Rymbai, who is also the President of the JSM, said that there is a way to free the state from the shackles of the laws of the Government of India. The remedy is to file a Review Petition against the order of the Court issued on 3/7/2
Yuva Tourism Clubs in Mizoram played a major role in the International Tourism March 2022 which was held in Aizawl, Mizoram.
The desire for glory and fame has destroyed and miserable our state.
They should not interfere in the affairs of the Raid because they do not know the beginning and the end and they do not know the life and death of the Raid as a whole.
Nitin Narang of Haryana Chess Association has filed his nomination papers for the post of President, Dev A. Patel of Gujarat State Chess Association for the post of Secretary and Dharmendra Kumar of All Bihar Chess Association for the post of President. to whom Treasurer.
The Lyngdoh said he was very pleased to see that the Hima authorities have preserved the beauty of nature.
Arun Kumar Kembhavi, Chairman-cum-Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL, on Tuesday, July 26, 2021, found that there is a serious electricity shortage. He admitted that MeECL officials were also involved.
As we await the second coming of Jesus, the bruising, wounding and defacing of the divine image becomes more severe and terrible.
(all is not well in MDA govt).
The Rozgar Mela is a step towards the realization of the hard work of Prime Minister Duh to create job opportunities in the country.
Shillong: On July 3, at about 6.20 pm, a phone call was received from the Secretary Village of Risa Colony, regarding the rape of a girl in the forest.
Before entering Ïewduh from Motphran or Mawkhar, you will see an inscription on the arch that reads, 'Earn the Right'
Therefore, he praised the willingness of the residents to be cooperative in all aspects and it is also necessary for them to be cooperative at all times especially to bring about many changes. within the villages, in the country and the nation as a whole.
It is not known why the state government cannot do the best and longest lasting only once during the maintenance of the road and this maintenance happens from time to time. how does he spend the money of the people?
Meanwhile, the KSU Iooksi Unit strongly condemns the tragic incident of killing and rape of a 5 year old girl in Priang West Jaintia Hills.
The government has awarded the contract to the National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) to carry out the work.
" 2 Timothy 2:22.
“The NPP has seen clearly that it has become like a ship that is about to sink, for that reason, these days it has acted as if it wants to work for the people.
He said that the party will soon meet with the district authorities to discuss the issue to avoid any tragic incident.
Speaking on the situation in the state, the DGP said that this is because Meghalaya is close to the Golden Triangle and Meghalaya has become a drug trafficking hub. also encourage the relevant authorities to be vigilant.
These DSPTs have already been installed in all the offices of the Deputy Commissioners in the state, and in some Block. send messages from one place to another in case of any natural disaster.
He said that the police of Jhalupara Out Post came by force to force the construction of the water pipes but Bah Rapsang together with his employees, stood against and did not allow them to operate. nose pipe.
The meeting also decided to demand that the state government through the relevant department should upgrade the Sonapahar Out Post to a Police Station , and to set up two more out posts in Mawkohram and Langdongdai as refuges for wild bands.
On arrival at the BJP office, the HITO leaders threw flowers and marched straight to the residence of Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma. , who stood in front of the gate, but the members of HITO, threw flowers, as a sign of "You with the gun, we with the flower"
Besides, this truck came and threw these garbage along the road a little far from the Umïam River.
On the other hand, the Minister listened to them during the meeting and promised that this work will be done to release the remaining Mawshun. The Minister of Forests, Government of Meghalaya, has had a chance to talk to the contractors and owners of this machinery.
“When inquired, Dr. Toi said that the Women's Commission which has already met with the Police is now preparing matters to recommend to the Government to take the necessary action in this regard.
When we turn to the village of Nartiang which is one of the villages that the Jaintia kings have established as the lyuir capital, we see that this 'Thangbahula' still exists and they still perform this ritual.
VIII/95 Dated Shillong, the 27th Jymmang, 2021 to take into account the appearance of symptoms in patients from the 8th day onwards until the appearance of the first symptoms as mentioned.
In this regard, he said that tonight he will talk to the state government and the Assam government to work together on this issue to curb ethnic tension.
Shillong, Nailur 25: West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJDC) on Tuesday beat West Khasi Hills DCA by nine wickets in the Zone 1 – Group B match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at Umbuda, Nongpoh.
During the inspection, the Syiem and Ministers found another Mawbynna with a large main which was erected about 100 stones in front of the Tirot Crematorium in Umthlu, the gate of Nongkhla village. The villagers told the chiefs of the Hima that this stone was erected by Tirot Singh on the road before he went to Sohmylleng Hill to negotiate peace with the French under the leadership of Captain English. but he was beaten, and instead of the French speaking peace as they had promised, they arrested him and took him back to Dhaka to be imprisoned there.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The (L) Sabathani Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament 2022 organized by the KSU Nongpoh Circle has come to an end after the final match between Umden Sport and Umden Sport. Club against Rongmasek Sport Club at Saiden Stadium.
Prestone said the estimated expenditure for the election will be T.15 crore and this amount will be borne by the state government, but this will be cut at the time of election. The reason for this is that the GHADC is in the midst of a financial crisis.
In another incident, Amit Agarwal was arrested on the same day for drinking alcohol and causing trouble in Dreamland, Khyndai Lad.
At the rally at Pahamsyiem Square, it was seen that the people had arrived from 2 pm to sit on the square and waited until Rahul Gangdhi arrived at 5 pm.
The VHP has lodged a complaint against the West Bengal Forest Department for keeping the two organizations together at the Siliguri Safari Park. Circuit Bench, Jalpaiguri, on 16th June 2024 and the hearing will be held on 20th June
Head shops in Khyndailad, Mawlonghat and Anjalee will be closed by another order.
“It will also be up to the government to see whether only the officers can work if this lyngkor is imposed,” he said.
Police have recovered a mobile phone from the suspect. During the investigation, the ULFA member has confessed that he has been involved as an Over Ground Worker (OGW) for about a year.
Remy Kharshandi had to undergo surgery on the 5th of March.
This happens in every constituency and this is the main reason why the MLA doesn't know what the office bearers are doing but in the end he is the one who suffers the defeat.
Shillong: Gorkha FC beat Mawkriah 4-0 in the 3rd Division Football Championship on Saturday.
Likewise, the shepherds and the angels – the shepherds in the night when they saw the brightness of the glory of the Lord were very much afraid. everything".
“On the 7th July 2020, the state government has decided to terminate the MOU with Jaypee Group to dam the Wah Umngot to generate electricity but what is not understood is why u June 2021 there will be a Public Hearing to hear the voice of the people regarding this project”.
However, in this role, they may be harassed and face problems due to intimidation or any to act on behalf of those who ask for the information.
“It is not that the Government will change, but after the elections, it may be changed who knows,” said Bah Samlin.
The incident ha Laitumkhrah is not the first time that a two wheeler driver has overturned and injured a pedestrian.
Since the Executive Committee of KHADC has approved these Rules of these two Sirdarships (or if there are any others), it means that the work has been done in accordance with the rules of the Sixth Scheduled, which is in accordance with the Constitution of India.
Assam scored 37/5 and Meghalaya, who chased the target, managed to beat.
Shillong: The Executive Engineer (PHE), GSWS Division No-II, Mawphlang today informed the public that after the cleaning of the 1000 mm water pipe on the Gravity Main Line which started from the 2nd of this month till now. , the water quality is still poor and it is necessary to replace the water supply from the existing 750 mm Gravity Main Line.
Not all the kurs throw mawbah in the same year, some kurs have completed it in previous years and some will throw it in the coming years.
For about 18 years now, this village has been uninhabited.
The farmer also asked the Prime Minister for euthanasia.
In this regard, the CORP urges the KHADC which stands and preaches to preserve the customs and traditions and the land should take immediate action to close down these quarries which benefit the people from outside and kill the villagers again.
The election for the new CEM has been canceled after the dissolution of the EC led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM. The CEM has withdrawn himself as a candidate, leaving only the nomination paper of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. Therefore, there is no election because Bah Latiplang Kharkongor has won unopposed. (uncontested), but the Chairman shall conduct the election; There are those who said that the resignation of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, which according to Rule 32 (7) should withdraw before 11.00 AM which is the time when the Council starts.
Regarding the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah regarding the food and beverages at the Corona Care Centres, TUR said that the price is high and so is the testing kits.
KSU West Khasi Hills Organization Secretary Wanbhakupar Lyngdoh Nonglait said that the visit was to inspect the residence of the employees of the company to check the documents.
The Headmistress of the school, Yudoralin Phira, said that the building was erected 10 years ago after receiving the NOC from them.
According to sources, there are Congress MLAs who are unhappy with the government's introduction of the Bill in the House and there are also Congress MLAs who have confirmed to support the bill. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that there is no discussion within the party.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 9: The All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) has not yet announced who will be given the ticket for the Rambrai Jyrngam constituency for the upcoming 2023 elections.
“India won the Asian Champions Trophy in the first year, in 2011 and also in
He also suggested that the screening committee should be appointed by an independent body, as there are complaints that there are allegations that their certificates are not true. The leader of the union said that if found that there are such people, they would be pleased to send them the true syrnod.
A little fat can increase the absorption of nutrients such as alpha and beta carotene, lutein, and lycopene while also increasing the absorption of vitamins E, A, and K. Mix a little olive oil with vegetables and add nuts which can ensure and provide many benefits in terms of health and the ability to absorb fat soluble vitamins from vegetables.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA, Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that although the party has made it clear that the Governor should speak in English, but when it was understood that the Governor did not know how to speak, it was not easy for him to speak.
:The new Khasi song “Long lehnohei” has been released on the 11th March 2023 at Mawpdang.
Speaking on the occasion, M Hoque Chancellor of USTM said that we encourage the students to work hard to achieve their goals. This conference will be a blessing and benefit to these students to meet with other students from around the world to share their knowledge.
The Government of India has passed a law that any person who has stayed for more than 6 months or 180 days, has a citizenship. the right to own citizenship and to vote.
In the U-13 Girls Single, Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh of North Liberty defeated Aureliana Passah of KJP HS School 21-12, 21-1
Ben Haden, who took six wickets and scored 41 runs, was named Player of the Match, while Gupta, who took 33 wickets, was named Player of the Match. named Player of the Tournament.
Your failure to do what you planned means that you have not yet succeeded in your opponents.
Meanwhile, the General Secretary of Human Rights Defense International Rajesh Gogna, who accompanied Vijay in the meeting with the Chairman of the NHRC, said that the members of the Seng Khasi have been denied access to the NHRC. interest or rights as a minority.
In fact, these two persons have been arrested since November 12,
However, he said that it will allow the Khasi Jaintia people to look after and implement the development projects in many areas for the Khasi Jaintia people living in Assam.
Unless decisive action is taken, the waste of public funds will continue unabated.
National Minority Morcha President Abdul Rashid will campaign for Conrad from 12th to 14th July. Union Ministers Kiren Rijiju and Sarbananda Sonowal will campaign for Conrad Sangma from 12th to 14th July. said Kohli.
The ASHAs also held a meeting at the Community Hall of Jaiaw Shyiap and Lum Pyllun to show that they are united and do not want to go to vaccinate against polio today. About 2000 people attended the meeting. More than 10 ASHAs from all over the state including Garo Hills.
EM Lyngdoh, Under Secretary, DCA Dept, Shri HA Sangma, Secretary, Executive Committee, GHADC, Shri RB Marak, SE, GHADC, and Heads of the Planning Board.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The MDCs should not misunderstand on this issue because since the establishment of the District Committee, we have included the MDCs, MLAs and the Syiems, the Himas and the Rangbah Shnongs in this Committee.
It is to be recalled that in the past years, the RBYF Umran Unit has banned the public from throwing garbage into the rivers. to clean up this river with the aim of maintaining and protecting the cleanliness of this river which is one of the rivers that the people benefit from for cleaning and other necessities. keep the house clean.
“During the election you promised to solve the problems of the people, now one after another group has to take to the streets to demand and attack them with unfair laws and regulations to intimidate them,” he said. father of Birbor.
He complained that the money was not deposited in the bank and when investigated he found that the money was misused by five employees of the school and these are Shri FG Daimari, Acctt .
He said that the government is facing difficulties in running the Medical College because it costs hundreds of crores per annum, besides getting qualified teachers and for this reason, it has turned to the management of the Medical College. private sector in collaboration with the government through Public–Private Partnership (PPP).
No one was killed in the incident but only one policeman sustained minor injuries.
The Minister said that from 2021, the government will provide free school books to the children from Primary to Secondary to make it easier for the children and especially for the parents who have struggled to spend their children in school. studies.
The helicopter could not fly,” the government said.
She said that if it cannot be introduced in schools and colleges to teach music, there is no point in developing it.
The Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, has urged the villagers of Mawlai Syllaikariah not to boycott, but to vote by voting in all the villages. of 'Prah' to show the state government its actions on the issue of the village.
The syrnot differs from the dulir which is written in detail in these parts which should be written according to the requirements of the job.
LEGAL METROLOGY DEPARTMENT (iii).
Even in Mawlai, where they used to say that they didn't allow the Dkhars, now these Khar Muslims are free and some of them have married Khasi.
It is not seen that there will be any differences between the Party Leaders except occasionally.
Khliehmawlieh have participated in the MSL 2019, but have not reached the semi final, while it will be the first time for Mawlai to reach the semi final of the MSL this year.
Shillong: Besides the problem faced by the people of Ri Bhoi District, the people of Ri Bhoi, have faced another problem, namely the cold weather which has been severe tonight.
Shillong, June 13: The 104th Suk Myn Siem Shad at Weiking Jaiaw Square, has ended with a lot of excitement this year, although the number of participants was less than last year. .
As program facilitators, a common fear we have is that we won’t be able to arrive and start the event on time as the arriving attendees anxiously await the start.
Then He will say again, if you are a Christian, let us see if you have fulfilled your Christian duties.
A Pakistani girl has a brain tumor on top of her head and the injury has caused problems to the child and her mother, because she does not know what doctors. , whether they can take care to remove the scar above the head.
“Evil is growing not because many people do evil, but because many people listen, that's why evil is growing because we don't talk about this evil,” said the President of FKJGP. He added that when the Sengbhalang arrests those people who drink or sell drugs, the problem is that when they are witnesses in English, when they reach the court, the matter is stopped. many many years, with witnesses having to attend court from time to time this creates problems and many do not want to participate.
The District Council shall implement the Rules and Regulations as empowered to it under the Sixth Schedule.
"“On the other hand, with the introduction of a Bill to ban magical healing in the name of medical treatment by healers, in Assam, the ban has been lifted from the power of the be against the idea of ​​worship, prayer, faith, spiritual life that includes humanity,” the statement said.
We cannot say that the temperature in Meghalaya has also increased.
“The state government should talk to the Union Home Ministry regarding this action of Assam,” said Bah Lambor.
MAKO President Donny Ranee and India Coach Samla Pynshai Mawrie congratulated the staff of the Prime Minister, officers and staff of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, staff of the Directorate. of Sport Meghalaya Shillong.
Shillong, March 05: The State Government has lost Rs 57.83 crore in revenue due to the failure of the Excise Department to notify the rules to be followed for the production of Indian Made liquor. Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA).
Namdong Block – October 24, 2023 from 11 am to 10 pm at Madan Sari Playground.
U Bah Staising Kharbteng, one of the leading elders of the region, in his speech, said that it is through the vision of the leaders of the country that they have taken the initiative to empower the women to stand on their own feet. The National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) under the Ministry of Rural Development has been established to support Self Help Groups under the banner of Village Organizations. to establish such groups to promote their income.
The Labor and Law Departments have clarified that the strike by MEMRIWU is their protection between the workers and the company and the Government has nothing to say on this matter.
They also asked how many oxygen cylinders, how many oxygen cylinders, how many personal protective equipment (PPE) for nurses, doctors and hospital staff. don't go to Jowai.
In the next two years, there may be a shortage of electricity until it cannot be used,” said Dr Mawthoh.
The College has collected a large number of encouraging textbooks and other information related to education.
When the citizens elect a leader, they want to know what their vision is as a leader.
Not only that, but the police have also paid a fine for these goods, which they have broken on the ground.
The launch of the Jackfruit Mission by the Government will encourage and give hope to the sohphan farmers across the country and we have seen in the past months that the Chief Minister has opened and revived the Jackfruit Mission. Mission in Tura has promised to provide assistance and encouragement to our sohphan farmers.
Replying to a question in the House, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that the government has allocated Rs 50 lakh for all districts for the repair of quarters and barracks. of the police.
The term of office of the new committee is for 2022-2
“Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic for two years, I have tried to bring about development works in Mylliem,” he said.
He was also surprised that even after the arrest of the attackers, the violence continues.
His physical weakness and illness and his depression were so severe that he died less than two months after his arrival in Calcutta.
So that 1 month or 7 years will be the Final of the present world, so that God can start a new world here for 1000 years.
This fund will be implemented by the Government through the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program (IB DLP) scheme.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday imposed micro containment on the village of Shangpung Mission following the outbreak of COVID-1
Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, while participating in the discussion, urged the State Government to give freedom to the police to operate and allow them to do their job.
The sellers of beef said that the market has not increased or decreased and they said that those who buy beef are those who eat beef and it remains the same, even though there are days when it increases slowly. .
“The case is ongoing and we are trying to arrest the big drug traffickers,” he said.
Many times when sending a message or request to do something, they say 'to mei' or 'to pa' and it takes months to complete that task with many reminders.
All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Sunday urged Congress MP Rahul Gandhi to contest the elections from Hyderabad and not Wayanad. related to the contest of the Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, July 16: The Ri Umsnam People's Alliance (RUPA) Ri Bhoi Zone through its President, Bah Alos Nongpoh has clarified that Mawiambei or Mawnguid is not a monument and the Raid has not taken care to commemorate it. utei and maw.
Condemning the action of the state electricity department, Samla Maring said that the transformation of MeSEB into a corporation is unfounded and shows that the corporation or the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Ltd. He said it would be better to return to MeSEB as before, because the people hope that the arrival of MeECL will be a blessing to them, but it is a daily threat.
The order states that shops near residential buildings or those that have their own shops cannot open.
Be thou righteous, and shew thee the things which remain, that thou mayest do the last, and do more than the first.
The Dorbar Shnong Iawmusiang has urged the residents not to be afraid of this news and urged the residents to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Wear masks when going to public places and wash your hands to prevent the spread of Coronavirus.
“NEHUSU requests the Government and the Electricity Department to temporarily lift the load shedding so that the students can prepare for the examinations. " don't say.
“The MeECL JAC has also opposed the suspension of the Resident Engineer of Leshka, saying that his suspension is a sign of urgency without going through the rules and regulations,” said Bah Mawlieh. .
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has criticized the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for not allowing Rahul Gandhi to address students at the National People's Party (NPP). University of Science and Technology (USTM), Meghalaya on Tuesday.
Before concluding the interview, Lapang said, “I have spoken on many occasions, I have been prime minister five times, we have shrut each other.
The opposition parties will have to work hard and find ways and means how to reach out to the people and seek their support.
In the incident, one of the occupants of the truck, Porinal Chaura (28), died on the spot.
On this occasion, the Principal also announced that from now on, the use of plastic will no longer be allowed in the college.
He said that no one would have thought that the school would be like this as it is now from 40 to 400 students will come to Umshing Presbyterian School, which no one has thought of.
The NGT has also ordered those 31 (thirty-one) illegal coal burning factories to pay up to Rs 41.75 crore, environmental pollution fee, and failure to comply with the laws and regulations.
“They handle civilian vehicles well.
Regarding the assistance for education, a scheme of Rs 34.13 crore has been allocated for the improvement and reconstruction of school buildings in different villages of the Constituency.
The Director encouraged other farmers who have not yet registered themselves to start from the coming rainy season by registering themselves under this scheme to protect them from the loss in agriculture through natural disasters which we cannot see or predict.
According to the counsel of the petitioners, Pari Barman, the High Court has announced to terminate the case as it is a long-standing case. in relation to the provision of evidence.
Therefore, if the CAG does not receive the UCs, it cannot clarify whether the grant has been implemented properly or not.
The holding of the matches without a Pakistani team may also mean that the broadcasters will receive half of the agreed fee for the two matches between India and Pakistan. .
This type of sport is very difficult because we have to deal with the weather, the wind and the height, we need to have a good skill and effort to exercise every time. Jovial Andre Laloo, visiting the Bir Billing-Himachal Pradesh Paragliding Center, is the second tallest paragliding center in the world at 5000 feet and 8000 feet. from the seafloor.
As a nation, we are proud that as the days go by, the Students Union of the State, has taken the lead by erecting statues of the heroes of the nation, such as Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, u Kiang Nangbah, whom we believe will continue to save or preserve and also to preserve many of the heroes of the nation, who have stood to protect not only by the thma, but even those who stood up to fight by preserving the traditional faith, then in literature, song, dance, music and traditional music.
Syntar Klas Sunn asked whether the government has provided money to these factories to encourage their work.
UP School and Ma Beyon Lanong, Head Teacher, Sohkha Village.
Students who scored the highest marks in various subjects1 162392 Sneha Biswa English 90 ISt.Edmund's College (Higher Secondary Section), Shillong2 MIL) 80 IITikrikilla College,Tikrikilla4 163368 Priyanka Chanda Bengali (MIL) 93 ISt.Mary's College,Shillong5 173782 Gracepilla M Marak Garo (MIL) 86 IIDon Bosco College,Tura6 161dyl6 Hindi68 Kendi 1Mane Mumtak 821 Climb Khongsni Khasi (MIL) 86 ISt.Anthony's Hr.Sec.School,Pynursla8 172001 Lalawmchhungi Mizo (MIL) 82 IIAdventist Higher Secondary School,Thadlaskein9 160112 Kabita Chettri1,B39 Ma3Blong.Shil.MIL. sha Pariyar Nepali (MIL) 80 IISt.Michael's Higher Secondary School,Umsning10 164781 JoydeepDas Anthropology 80 IIUmshyrpi College,Shillong11 177440 Md Abu Hanif Sheikh Assamese (Elective) 77 IIB.N.A.Model 1 Higher Secondary Kyah4h Cih2 School1,B omputer Applications 90 ISt.Anthony's Higher Secondary School ,Shillong13 164208 Banmankhraw Lyngdoh Economics 90 ISt.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong14 162406 Amika K War Education 91 IAuxillium Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong15 16181 College IL7 Keng,Shillong15 161868 Keng English Mum,Shillong15 161868 78322 Walmith Ch Divorce (Elective) 82 IIThe Central Govt.
The KSU Sumer Unit on Tuesday sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) NEC Division, Khliehriat who is in charge of this road demanding the construction of a proper road.
Jowai, Nailur 11: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday. Kiang Stadium, East Jowai.
However, even the government itself has not been able to implement how schools and colleges should implement, does the government intend to waste the time, power of the principals of schools and colleges or is it just a talk? light the minister's light.
We need to have a close understanding between the two governments, Meghalaya and Assam”.
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) today rescued 250 civilians who were abducted by Hamas militants near the border crossing. signs in Gaza and during the raid, 60 Hamas militants were also killed.
Speech was also delivered by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the VPP, who said that the existence of the Lokayukta will help the people to fight against corruption, which is one of the objectives of the VPP. fighting corruption, which has impoverished the state and pushed it to the bottom economically.
Mawkyrwat, July 09: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong today met with the church leaders including Pastors and Elders of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District and this meeting is part of the preparations for the KJP Synod Sepngi to be held in
Shillong: The BJP leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday admitted that besides the five Congress MLAs who have talked to join the BJP, about 3-4 MLAs have joined the BJP. “In 2023, the government in Meghalaya will be led by the BJP and the BJP will get the prime minister,” he said. and Hek.
The rally will start at 11.00 am from Lad College.
The final Open Basketball tournament scheduled to be held on Tuesday (March 25) has been postponed due to heavy rainfall caused by Cyclone Sitrang.
Shillong: The Trinamool Congress candidate from Dadegre Constituency, Rupa M Marak, on Tuesday strongly condemned the Minister of State and the incumbent MLA of Dadegre Constituency, for the backwardness of the village and the entire area. other.
Banteilang Sohshang has been arrested and convicted of raping a girl under 18 years old in one of the villages in West Khasi Hills District. .
This incident has angered the people to see that their fellow citizens are being humiliated.
Shillong: Dairy farming is one of the most beneficial occupations for the farmers and many residents of this state have started turning to this occupation to earn and support their families. When the ban was introduced, the state government has been struggling to sell milk and most of the milk in the hundreds and thousands of liters has been sold on the market because there is no place to sell it.
In his speech, the Minister also informed that to all the people who will take part in the tree planting, the state government will give T.100 as a sign of gratitude.
The present age, the age of peace,The world has ruled;To speak the truth, the truth,They do wrong!Marriage is holy,Before God the Lord; that's brai.
The spirit indeed is wise, but the flesh is weak.
" Lum Ceredig in Jaїaw is filled with the holy voices of the choir of school children under the leadership of Miss AW Thomas.
In the past few months, even the incumbent Chief Secretary of the State, Bah PBO Warjri, has expressed his regret over the inability to drain rainwater in this area.
He said that the main shortcomings are the road inside the village which needs to be improved and there is also a need for other roads to connect to other beautiful places in the village. they could no longer walk because it was far away.
If you feel that you are the right person, why don't you speak? The MDA government has been running for 5 years and 3 months now.
“We are not saying that ILP or anything else is needed, but the government should take measures to curb the influx of foreigners,” said the President of BJYM. It is just a joke because there have been many committees without any results until today.
Nongpoh: A Mahindra Pick-up (ML-05H-3500) carrying several Kha Bsein overturned on the NH-6 at 19mer village in Ri Bhoi District today. .
Your blood is not in any nation.
He said that such programs should be increased to explain and raise awareness among the youth who are addicted to drugs.
He said the target is to complete and submit the report within this month (April).
Therefore, the children of the elderly who have such attitudes are more poor and more difficult in terms of income unless they work hard themselves.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 19: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, has decided to relocate the operation of the Nongstoin Civil Hospital from Mawkadiang to the Mother and Child Hospital at Upper New Nongstoin. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday invited the leaders of the Sengbhalang of the district to discuss and discuss the issue. purpose.
Many MLAs, government ministers, officers don't understand the problems of the people because they themselves sit in vehicles that are covered with red lights, blue lights and if it is easier for other vehicles to Instead, an unpleasant incident may occur.
Meghalaya has also been included in the project and the pipeline will extend to Shillong, where work for this will start soon.
This is Lajong's last game in the tournament and they are at the bottom of the points table this season.
On the other hand, the synjuk wishes the players to play well and bring glory to the state with the title.
Meanwhile, AAP supporters staged a protest near the CBI headquarters. AAP leaders including Raghav Chadha, Sanjay Singh, Atishi, Bhagwant Mann among many others. other leaders were arrested by the police.
And before the end of those days of trouble for mankind, there will be signs to identify that time.
Cee’s Academy Eagles, 4.
He assured that the Police Department together with the District Administration will ensure the peace and order of the residents as well as the tourists who come to the State.
Shillong, Naitung 30: About 5,000 people have turned out for a mass march, which started at noon from Polo Ground.
“This problem cannot be solved overnight but we have tried our best,” he said.
Until now, the two political parties have not said whether they will continue to work together in the MLA elections as in the mid-term elections they have gone their own way in which even the leaders of the UDP and HSPDP have not said anything. crane shai is not available.
The MDC said this after receiving information that there are many youths who have been studying and working in other states in the country, but now they have returned. He himself visited and distributed assistance to those villages which are still in need and cannot afford to welcome these youths. .
Shillong, November 06: The Ministry of Home Guard and Civil Defense (MDF) in Meghalaya on Tuesday celebrated the All India Home Guard and Civil Defense Raising Day
She said that for the children, the husband can demand food from the husband for the daughter until she goes home and for the son until he goes home. years old and this is the law that protects women from food.
Please name them and how many times he has visited these disputed areas.
Washington, South Korea and Japan have begun working together to strengthen their military forces, especially in the face of the threat posed by North Korea's increasing missile launches in recent days.
, (Supply) with their names and villages clearly written so that they can be punished.
Guwahati: The All Assam Students' Union (AASU) and the AJYCP today formed a new political party called the Assam Jatiya Parishad (AJP).
Then, it will show how many people have escaped poverty between 2015-16 and 2019-2
The Yangtze River, which flows through western China's Sichuan province, which supplies water to 370 million Chinese people and factories in the region, has collapsed. these days.
Strengthens the immune system :- The presence of vitamins, minerals and antioxidants in these fruits strengthens the immune system.
That is why we are called tribals.
One person was reportedly killed in the clashes between Mizoram and Assam in Cachar.
In front of the statue of Jesus Christ weighing about 2 kilos, they erected a cross, while in the incident at Lawmali, they dug a grave and turned the cross.
“It is a great loss to the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) and not only to the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) from this area, but also to us from other areas, who have worked together for the the Country and the Nation of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Skum"
If the people are wise, even if the candidate offers money, they should not accept it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Assistant Director of Agriculture, Dr KB Sahkhar, said that these farmers have been led by the Department of Agriculture this year as part of their efforts to strengthen and improve their cow farming. in this state you have received information from this state.
As a sign of gaining the trust of the people, it is expected that the district authorities will first curb the illegal activities inside the Municipal grounds at Gora Lane before bringing in another settlement near Laitumkhrah,” he said. he said.
This has been passed by the special session of the Assembly this year and it is the responsibility of the Meghalaya government and the MPs from Meghalaya who have elected all the MLAs in the MDA who have won. I respect them for being able to handle this matter in front of Delhi.
He expressed the hope that there will be a stable price of piat after the new piat production season in November.
In South West Khasi Hills, the turnout reached 86.38% in both Ranikor and Mawkyrwat constituencies.
Shillong, June 18 : While the NPP is busy with the joining of MDCs and leaders from other parties, on Monday, one of its MDCs from Laban-Mawprem, Bah Mitchel Wankhar he resigned suddenly from the party.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said that the police will investigate whether there is any intention to disrupt the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC. He personally met with the HNLC leaders to discuss these issues as it is now easy to make fake letter heads.
Coal, forests, cinema houses, shops, taxis, buses are businesses run by foreigners, using the name of us who are backward.
He was admitted to the hospital on 5.11.2023 but died on 6.11.2023 at 4:30 pm.
Dulong beat Mynthong 4-0
The Word of God likens Israel to that fig tree: Jesus said, “Learn the parable of the fig tree.
Nongstoiñ Police Station has registered a case under case number 27/2017 U/S 174 CRPC and the investigation is ongoing. .
Furthermore, Clause B-6 of the OM states that 'After each application period, a Reservation Roster shall be entered clearly stating that they belong to Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, others. Schedule Tribe and Schedule Caste and also to keep a detailed count of the posts that have not yet been filled, in order to move forward in the recruitment in the coming years.
After a thorough investigation, the union found that due to the government's change that teachers will have to complete the B.ed, the teacher in charge of this subject has gone to continue the order. to be completed first according to the rule.
The MLA of Jowai as a leader has not been idle but at a time when the whole world is busy fighting against the disease, he has struggled to look after the needs of the people in relation to the maintenance of this. The road has been improved in a short period of time.
Shillong: U Yophi Laloo, 27, of Tamu village, West Jaintia Hills, has died in a car accident at Mookyndur this morning.
Therefore, the members requested the Minister to include Physical Education as one of the subjects like other Boards, namely the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) and the Indian Certificate School Education (ICCSE). ).
Speaking to media on Thursday, the DC said that after a meeting with the two groups, she told them that the order has already been issued and cannot be changed. but you have to try first to see if this implementation helps or not and how it is.
He said that this negligence of the department has caused the state to lose crores of revenue from the team.
The four Catholic dioceses in Meghalaya, Shillong, Nongstoiñ, Jowai and Tura, have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil. Code (UCC) in the country.
Another issue they feel is to preserve the place where Soso Tham lived as a Heritage site.
“We have discussed the new policy thoroughly and the Cabinet has approved it,” said Minister of Electricity Abu Taher Mondal after the Cabinet meeting.
Earlier, the Seng leader said that the complaint was lodged after the Seng and also the leaders of various churches were criticized for the incident at Mahadev Khola.
On Friday, it was found that the man had sustained serious injuries and bleeding from parts of his neck and was lying inside the lion.
When asked whether the government will hand over the investigation to the CBI, Tynsong said, “You should understand because what has been done by the department should be done, the next step will be according to the law. .
In addition, another plaintiff in connection with the illegal mining and transportation of coal, expressed in the High Court that he is afraid for the safety of his life.
Furthermore, there will be a storm with a speed of between 40 to 50 kilometers and heavy rainfall in some parts of the state.
He said the Prime Minister has taken action to stop this work immediately if it is true.
Political parties know how to slow down during the elections to fulfill all the promises they have made but when they have formed the Government they forget their promises and stir up trouble until they deceive the people.
Speaking as the chief guest, u Wailadmiki Shylla said that as a nation, we need to preserve the customs and traditions of our ancestors from the dress, language, manners and dignity. along with other traditional characteristics.
There are even tax collection gates that have been taken over by those who have more and more and use pistols,” said the Seng leader.
Also present were MDC candidates 13 Saphai, Habahun Dkhar, Heirtami Suting from Mowkiaw and their supporters.
He said that in his understanding, the district councils are the constitutional bodies of the people which have to fight for the rights of the people.
Areas of Frontline and Concern in Relation to Malaria Reduction through IT-innovative technologies in India including time-as-like research, forecasting of the number of mosquitoes and the incidence of malaria transmission, the ability to identify the breeding grounds of mosquitoes, and the expansion of activities from the bottom to the top of the country.
The Prime Minister, Union Ministers, as well as various political parties have a lot of work to do to discuss one election after another.
He said that Prasad has an IT Team who is also working with the students to develop the App.
Sohra, June 23: The Mawmluh Women's Wing, Sohra, has sent a letter to the Managing Director of Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) to express its deep sorrow over the suspension of the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh. In a letter to the MD, the Seng Kynthei said that due to the closure of the factory which is the biggest source of income in the country, the NGT coal mining has reached five months. Mawmluh and Sohra, has affected the market and trade of the people in this area.
Shillong: U Dr Vikash Gupta, Ward Commissioner Shillong Cantonment, welcomed the winners of the National Muythai Championship 2018 at a function held at the Assembly Hotel, Shillong recently.
It takes about 800 days to reach the first 10,000 start-ups after
What was God's purpose to gather the Israelites after He had scattered them? There is a great purpose of God for Israel, and for the whole world through Israel.
However, there are still other issues.
This was witnessed on the 2nd June, 2023 when Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP invited the public after his speech at a briefing on the issue of recruitment. jam held in front of Nongstoiñ Market, whether the people of Nongstoiñ will give their full support to the protest of the VPP in which the people came forward to express their support to the VPP on this issue. .
Umjer is preparing to perform three songs on India's Got Talent on the evening of the 29th of this month.
I cannot forget the two villages in Lyngngam, Nongkrong and Phud Jalei which I walked in the afternoon, about 25-30 years ago, but I learned that there is no road yet.
The people discussed the names of Bah Bindo, Bah Jemino, Bah Paul, Bah Rymbui, Bah SK.Sun and others.
The investigation will also be conducted into whether Bernard has received permission from the authorities to keep these children at the Farm House as it is alleged that these children have been forced to work.
Even the powerful countries with only intelligent doctors and scientists like America, Italy, England...cannot protect themselves.
A 100-year-old woman has been raped by a 20-year-old man in Chakdaha, West Bengal.
On the other hand, Samla Hamar Lyngkhoi, one of the youths, said, “In the past years, you have been quick to help Amit Paul. .
“Prestone said they can speak whatever they want but the government works according to the rules and therefore they have to follow it.
The opening of these buildings, which was funded by the Meghalaya Age Limited (MAL) through the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Cooperative Federation Ltd, at a cost of T.94 lakh, is a major milestone in the efforts of the Meghalaya Age Limited (MAL). the Government to strengthen the cooperation of the villages in the development of tourism.
Besides these two leaders, other arrested include Minibirth Sangma, Pagal Sangma alias Balwa, Walman Sangma, Isak Sangma, Selbi Arengh and Sabat Marak. bad and Rikran Momin.
The award will be given to those students who have passed 1st Division in the SSLC, HSSLC examination and who have passed well in various degrees in
They also discussed the soil degradation which has caused the decline in agriculture and especially the decline in crop production.
The Sieng Riti was established in 2001 under the leadership of Rgh.Komik Khongjirem together with Bah Rojet Buhphang and others. a cultural house, a museum, a library, a dance hall, a research centre, and other facilities.
When all the four seasons of the year, except in the spring, when the sky begins to ring tyrkhong and wait for the coming of the rainy season, when the streams are small and dry, but they are still prepare them to take their responsibility to meet the needs of mankind.
Saul, who was also known as Paul, obeyed Jesus, preaching first in Damascus, then in Jerusalem, and in Judea, and then to all the Gentiles" (Acts 26:19-23).
“I don't understand why they can't ask us to leave the area peacefully instead of using rude words especially to an elderly person like me,” she said.
On this day, trainers gave training on various topics such as Leadership & Personality Development (Communication, Interpersonal Skills, Attitude Management); Youth-Social Transformation & Responsibility; Career Guidance ; Life Skills Etc.
Verma scored 37 off 47 balls and Mylliempdah 26 off 32 balls.
Rangthylliang Village is one of the villages with the highest number of Livingroot Bridges. Samla Morning said that according to the research of the Society, there are about 20 Livingroot Bridges. Rangthylliang has other tourist attractions such as Kshaid, Natural Water Pools, Synrang Maw (Natural Travellers Shelter), Sacred Places and other monuments. and so on and so forth.
All complaints should be submitted to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency or at the designated place by 27th March, 2023 or by post. office mentioned above and must arrive before the date specified above.
He hopes that as a leader he will continue to monitor various development schemes in each village of the constituency.
He said that the NPP will form a government with a majority victory and the people should not lose this opportunity.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAU) together with the Khasi Department of the North Eastern Hill University (KNU) have met with Dr WR Kharlukhi, Member of the Rajya Sabha to discuss the efforts to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Khasi Language. the Constitution of India.
On this occasion, Lyngdoh said that Sangma should not point fingers at the member and should refrain from using false language. “To call me a liar, it is not right, because it is for the people to judge,” he said.
The Shlem, in its donation, would like to thank all those who have been willing to contribute even in the midst of this year's crisis.
Recognizing the critical role of infrastructure in opening up transportation and economic development, Mizoram has taken steps to develop transport infrastructure, areas residential and tourist services.
He said that through this quick operation, the two men escaped injury.
Krishna Thapa of Dkhiah and Larishisha Phawa of Dkhiah were named Best Pitcher.
“I want the government to look into this, so that if it can create this new one, it will be for the rich and the poor, while the poor are nowhere to be found,” said Spencer.
Therefore, the party urges the state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma to talk to the central government to listen to the wishes of the people to introduce ILP in the state.
Not only that, it is also a village which is lagging behind in many aspects, whether it is water supply, electricity, and especially the road which is the source of income or economic development.
However, considering the cost of construction of 10 kilometers of road, the hilly terrain in the State and the heavy rainfall for nearly six months, there should be no reason to spend money to improve these roads. The Division Bench said in its order while hearing the PIL filed by Tennydard Marak.
Mawphor reporter also spoke to the village leaders and the Headmaster of the school who explained the history of the school which was established in 1954 at the Primary Level. In 2002, it was upgraded to Upper Primary and included in the SSA scheme in 2005 with the follow-up and involvement of the elders and the Dorbar Shnong.
Dr. Lyngdoh said that what happened today happened to the MLA of Mawlai, tomorrow it will happen to someone else.
Shillong: In Meghalaya, the relevant authorities have laid down rules for commercial and private vehicles, including heavy vehicles such as the State Transport Public Services (STPS) and Shillong. Supplementary Public Transport Services (SSPTS) are popularly known as four buses.
“If we lose our mother tongue, we will not understand how to speak in other languages ​​which can bring our nation together,” he said.
There are 471 ASHAs from Ri-Bhoi District alone.
The discovery of Baghdadi's hideout came after Iraqi troops and Kurdish groups arrested one of Baghdadi's wives, his sister-in-law and the wife of a nearby employee. Baghdadi and from their testimony, the whereabouts of Baghdadi could be confirmed.
Ferdinand Lyngdoh was named Player of the Match.
According to the source, police have received a tip from these residents that a man was lying dead near a motorcycle (ML 07A 7533) on the NH-44 road, about 15 km from Williamnagar.
Sarita made the announcement at a meeting held at Mawlai Phudmuri today in the presence of Congress supporters and members of the Greater Mawlai People's Union (GMPU).
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat Pawan of Services 4-3 in the 51-54kg category.
I believe that if this law is passed, there will be no need for NGOs to visit foreigners in their homes, shops or even in various workplaces.
O son of Lyngngam, I say unto you, Hawto! Do you want to share them?Mynder has more than you,When you have more factories.
The prophecies of the prophets were indeed fulfilled.
Shillong, March 14: Fifty students of Laitumkhrah Presbyterian School together with their teachers visited Sadar Police Station today which is also the day of Youth Week in the church.
Adding on the promise of the TMC leader, the Minister said that perhaps the intention is good but it has to be looked into because the promise of 1000 tyngka is only for women.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will be held on 28th July at the residence of the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Kenneth Shadap. Professor Colony, Malki, Kharmalki, Shillong at 10:00 pm to discuss many of the issues of the party.
This does not mean converting a person to a belief by force, deception, or deception.
However, it is up to each individual to work hard in their own constituencies and after that the people see who listens to the people and who does good and brings development, peace and so the people elect him.
Rapsang defeated Paul in 2018 from the Congress.
Roy, who lived in Shillong during his childhood, expressed his happiness when he arrived in Shillong, because it was like returning home. traffic jam, never existed during his childhood in this city.
We don't need to fight against those who don't work together,” she said.
Shillong, March 1: U Brightstar Pde, a driver of a police vehicle, has been suspended from his post for misconduct in his duties.
Those who support the work of the Foundation, can come and witness on this 20th November 2019 at KC Secondary School, Shillong.
“If the residents find such gates without any signboard of KHADC, they should ask for clarification as to whose gates they are and the people who illegally collect money from such gates. They should lodge a complaint with the KHADC so that the Council can immediately resolve such issues,” he said.
Ninecyfull Shylla scored the third goal for West Madan Mustem (74).
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken part in the celebration of the World No Tobacco Day which is celebrated every year on the 31st of June. Smoking or non-smoking affects the health of the public worldwide.
Talks to resolve the second border between Meghalaya and Assam began on Tuesday at Khanapara.
While they are fighting against these problems, which are caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, another problem has arisen and that is that they have to stop the trucks that go to dump coal to the factories. in Jaintia Hills.
In the first leg of the tournament, Iatyllilang SC beat Laitlulong SC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Similarly, plants, animals and all these things cannot come into this world without a seed.
On the other hand, the BJP leaders denied that there was any difference of opinion among the party members.
“If the citizens support our party, we can win many seats and if we don't get seats, according to the circumstances we will take a decision to form the government. and this will be after the results of the elections in Manipur will come out.
He said that these are the most important things that the nation needs more and more according to the passage of time.
There are 253 recoveries from the disease.
The duty of the government is only to facilitate them when they are citizens of the state.
Donkupar Sumer is a former MDC from Umsning Constituency and is currently the President of the UDP in Umsning and the Working President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, March 06: The Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR), Kong Ïamon Syiem, on Friday visited the place where the teachers were protesting. children to inspect that the situation in the area will not affect the rights of the children who are present on this day.
Lumpyrtuh scored the third goal for Kdupmiki Rymbai (71).
Coman scored the first goal for PSG in the 59th minute, which was also the winner for Munich. you won the Champions League.
They demanded that the Government should build a road connecting Sahsniang Village to Khatkasla, Psiar, Mowluber, Mowjem and Madan Nongkylla.
He said that there is still a lot of money in NEEPCO and others for the purchase of electricity and the government is preparing to strengthen MeECL. to the fire extinguisher.
Former President of STEDS, Bah Daïapherbha Lamare, in his speech, said that everyone should have a responsibility to bring about change to improve the environment and protect the surrounding areas around the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
Speaking to reporters, the Sordar of Raid Lynshing, Bah Wanshempor Lyngshing, said that the news that these youths who came to eat khana in Syntung are menshohnoh came first from Mawsna. They sent a message by phone to all the neighboring villages and alleged that the people who came in the jeep were menshohnoh.
When the KSU reaches the 50th milestone, it is important to turn back to the past so that we can reshape the future and continue our journey.
In Shillong, many shops in the market have been closed today, while many government offices have remained open.
At this time of pandemic, they have dedicated their bodies and souls to fight for our survival. We must work together, because without our cooperation we will not achieve victory.
After receiving information that dozens of villages have suffered from water shortage, the reporter inspected some places where water tanks have been constructed and found that there are tanks and The water flows on the ground like a stream and it was also found that there are pipes that have been installed from a large top to supply water to some of the houses nearby.
When asked how many crores the government has spent on this, the department has not yet received a full count.
If so, Israel will have to stand alone.
Replying to the request for further financial assistance to improve the livelihoods of the State, the Minister said that his Ministry has allocated T.16 crore recently and he will consider this. , after reviewing the use of funds, in terms of allocating additional funds to the state.
We will consider and read carefully these questions, requests for clarifications, suggestions from political parties, civil society organizations, MLAs and so on because before the Expert Committee sits we must know their wishes. before considering the demand for policy changes".
Not only one Roster, but twoThere is also another issue regarding the OM of 10th January 2022, which many people may not know; that this OM provides for not only one Roster System, but two.
Therefore, the FKJGP has demanded that the Minister of Sports and the State Government should pay special attention to West Khasi Hills to improve the sports grounds in West Khasi Hills, without saying artificial. turf or natural grass, but to improve the playgrounds to meet the needs of the present day.
On 22nd November, seven persons including five Khasi and one Assam Forest Guard were shot dead by Assam Police at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Nisar said those who intend to stand within the Pakistani border with evil intentions should open their eyes and listen carefully that the Pakistani troops are ready to retaliate.
Shillong: There have been 30 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong and 37 recoveries.
Last month, the CCIB had sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to express its opposition to the announcement issued on 2nd July which stated that the government has Mawshun and Pyrdiwah areas for the purpose of completing the signboard project.
He said that the incumbent leader of Mawshynrut constituency, loves foreigners more than the locals and this may be the reason why these foreigners don't care about the locals. .
And not only in the Son, but also in the Holy Spirit.
He said the party will elect the candidates from among the party office bearers and members.
The Minister said that the government in the last four years has struggled to provide roads to almost every village and it is only this government that has been able to implement many development works through roads and highways in the West. Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday decided that they are ready to go to the negotiating table on their demands. If the technical officer/senior consultant who has been appointed has been removed.
The police chief has also been charged under the appropriate criminal provisions.
When the village car was about to arrive, she sent Ksan to fetch them.
If you are talking about industrial activities, where we have heavy industries except for a few oil mills.
This is misleading and deceitful.
In this incident, the fire destroyed 5 quintals of synsar, 5 months of khaw. and all the books need not be opened.
The women who were seriously injured in the attack were identified as Bitris Wanshnong, Wantibon Wanshnong and Phidalin Jala. The seriously injured were identified as Roles Kariang, Sardinian Jingap and Restin Iawphniaw.
Not only that, the MPCC has also appointed Prinly Wanniang as the Adhoc President of the South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat.
The candidate announced by the new party in the state is also a new person in politics.
In the incident, it was seen that the US and UK troops, surrounded the child to pick him up and take him to the plane, which brought the refugees who decided to leave. and Kabul.
“If he (Dr Mukul) wants to say anything he has the right in public administration but when he speaks he should mean the words,” James said.
Of this, T.3,68,676.7 crore is for urea subsidy for the three years (2022-23 to 2024-25).
In the second half, Luti Tuber Ialong SC beat Demthring SC 4-2 goals. Masan War scored the first goal for Luti Tuber Ialong SC in the 11th minute. Nudeisa Dhar scored two goals in the 26th & 90+3 minutes and Marbhah Dhar in the 64th minute.
There were about 13 scholars on this day.
Laskar and Rev. Vanchhawng discussed many issues related to the North East and Laskar said that the North East has its own unique characteristics. different religious beliefs and these are part of the beauty of this eastern region.
Elias Dkhar said that he is from Amsarin Village, Amlarem and came to Wahiajer and parked the vehicle near the house of his cousin Michael Dkhar but at about 4 pm he got up. sleep to find the car gone.
Now that it has grown to this point, where are the Seng Bhalang now, that they don't demand or raise their voices on these issues? The Government authorities should do anything under this Act, without listening to the organizations which encourage and protect without any grounds such as these mynder who do private activities.
However, 2005, the company stopped operating this business in the state.
Other sports which started on Tuesday included boxing, taekwondo, weightlifting, badminton, tennis, shooting, archery, football and basketball.
However, the MDA government has used the same style for the two protests of 'Sur u Paidbah'
When inquired, the officer said that in 2021-22, MACS has conducted a survey across the State to identify all those groups at risk of HIV (FSW, IDU, MSM). , TG) in 7 districts with TI-NGOs including South West Khasi Hills (without TI-NGOs).
“The very basis of welfare is the good deeds of the State in dealing with the group of those who have not had the means or suffered in the past.
Larsen and Toubro has agreed to construct the bridge at a cost of Rs 3,200 crore.
The Seng hopes that this celebration of Behdieñkhlam will bring about health, income, education and development in the community.
We strongly condemn the stinginess of the law enforcement agencies and should severely punish the police officers and magistrates who should have supervised this rally.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) on Tuesday held a program as part of the launch of the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra in South West Garo Hills at MFC, Ampati.
For this reason, the public has to pay higher price than the factories because the public has to pay 6 tyngka while the factories have to pay only 5 tyngka.
The Meghalaya team will leave Shillong today, 28th today for Nagaland along with other members.
Regarding this incident which happened on the 25th, after receiving clear and accurate information, the police have clarified that Ohi Shylla as the Rangbah Dong of Mookymphad, Mihmyntdu did not shoot or touch him. Dame Phawa and Elut Phawa but they are other robbers who committed this crime while they were fighting.
Perhaps there were 700 or 800 houses in that city of Jericho, who all received Jesus, but it was only into Zacchaeus' house that Jesus entered, which was a house that everyone was afraid to see. .
He said the VPP also wants to bring about divine rule and traditional rule that has been established since ancient times.
In 2014, the BJP-led NDA government declared November 25 as Good Governance Day on the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) of Mawkyrwat Circle today donated sleeping bags to the sick people at Mawkyrwat CHC, South West Khasi Hills District. The group was led by Bah Joy Wanniang, Relief Secretary of UHM Mawkyrwat Circle and President of UHM Mawmerang Unit.
“Because to get the winner, it is not an easy task but we have to work hard,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Kashari High Court has accepted a complaint by the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board under the banner of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association (SMEA) regarding the complaint that they have not received arrears for more than nine years.
After the meeting, Bah Banteidor inspected the under construction bar near the tourist spot and the ongoing construction of the Nongjrong Sub-Centre.
The Khasi will remain the Khasi from the beginning of the Jaitbynriew until now and forever.
Sikkim scored 19 runs for the loss of four wickets in 15 overs, with Kumar (3/26) and Bipin Kumar Ray (1/9) taking wickets. Ingsho Limboo helped Sikkim to score 48/4 with 141 runs left.
Meghalaya Governor V Shanmuganathan has resigned after being accused of rape and assault by employees of the Raj Bhavan. friday.
There is a problem that Assam will deport more than 40 lakh of these people to any country and cannot imprison these people for life who have been recognized as not Indian citizens.
There will be a cash prize of 1500 Euros for the gold medalists, 1000 Euros for the silver medalists and 500 Euros for the bronze medalists in the Overall Men, Overall Women and Overall Team categories.
Planet Mercury, besides being close to the Sun, is also very small compared to our earth.
He also acknowledged that they want to talk to the MR to inform him that the opening of churches will be opened, but how to open they need to meet with the MR to discuss this.
This victory was also celebrated on the Independence Day of Meghalaya.
It doesn't matter if you work with other ethnic groups, but we must hold the key and the key,” said Mairang MDC Babu Rasor Rani in Nongkhlaw.
Will you protest this time? Or do you just listen because coke is cheaper than coal?
"We have explained to them (the public) that since the BJP came to power in Delhi, for the two terms that the BJP has been in power in India, there has never been a ban on churches, ban on meat. cow.
There were 5 men in Moo Khrah.
“After I won as an MLA and Minister in the state government, I have removed the MUDA boundary crossing to the villages under Khyrnit Hynriew and this should not be done by words but by deeds. " he said.
Referring to the duty of the police to protect and provide peace to the people, the NPP MLA said it was sad to see that the police are hiding from their responsibility and have taken lives.
(i) The Presbyterian Church in Khasi Jaintia has collapsed due to the sudden loss of Rs 5 crore 25 lakh, (ii) the sudden death of Archbishop (Dominic Jala) car in America that shocked all the faithful of the Roman Catholic Church.
Speaking on the occasion, u Conrad said that the most important thing is that the people should have the spirit of ownership of any work because it is useless to implement schemes or do any work. , if you don't have a human spirit.
The Tamil Nadu government has been cracking down on illegal immigrants and cracking down on people living on the roads to improve the roads.
The GST will collect revenue from excise duty, service tax, customs, VAT, sales tax, and others.
“These decisions will come into force from the 12th of July for a public meeting,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
On the 1st of August, we will have a Holy Mass at 9:3
The experts of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guides urged the children to take responsibility for the cleanliness of the morning by starting from themselves and being a good example to others.
There are more areas in Ri-Bhoi and Garo Hills and it is right that the government has closed down schools in Garo Hills first because it puts the children at risk.
Shillong: Hundreds of office bearers and supporters of the Trinamool Congress Mawsynram Area, on Monday, June 6, came to join the BJP party and support Bah HM Shangpliang.
Does that mean that you don't have the ability to serve? No, such ones need to work hard to improve themselves to become more “knowledgeable and understanding” in the work they do.
Abul Laskar scored the winning goal in the 65th minute and this goal lasted until the end of the first half which was enough for Seinbhalang Shkentalang to win the title.
“After receipt of the report, sanctions will follow.
Medicines were delivered and these were administered to the people.
T Sailo and formed a new party known as the Democratic Party (DP).
The body of the child was recovered from the river at 1 pm by ERT personnel from Assam in the presence of police from Byrnihat Police Station.
“We don't know why they fled, why they were so far away,” he said.
The answer is obvious, because the Congress sees that there is strong opposition from the indigenous and Muslims of the North East to this and they believe that this will be an opportunity to get their votes. Indigenous people and especially Muslims, also see that CAB is an opportunity to oppose the BJP and an opportunity to do politics for the upcoming MP election.
Sosthenes Sohtun, said that on receiving information about the murder of the 15-year-old child, he went to the village to condole with the family of the child. encountered this very sad disaster.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 26: The delay in the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam has put the people living in the border villages in trouble due to the clashes and harassment of the police. Assam.
In this incident, a taxi driver was allegedly attacked and killed by unidentified robbers inside Karachi on Saturday.
They have been wasting time since the 18th.
Two schools, Shangpung Presbyterian Lower Primary School, Shangpung Mission and Shangpung Govt UP School, Moolibang, were welcomed by the Headmaster, Ma Nangtur Langstang along with teachers, Rita Margareth Wann and Shangpung Mission (1865) Shangpung Mission, founded by Woh Don Sutnga (the first Christian in Shangpung) who was promoted to ME School, Secondary School to Higher Secondary School.
Speaking on the College of Agriculture at Kyrdemkulai, he said that from the beginning the plan was to set up the Central Agricultural University. but in the end only the College of Agriculture was brought in which was kept by the Central Agricultural University, Imphal.
Shillong: From time to time we have witnessed with our own eyes, where the police department has done many things for the benefit of the people in relation to the management of vehicles or in connection with single-vehicle roads and others.
In fact, the TDP and JSP have postponed the announcement of the names of the candidates for several days, pending a clarification from the BJP leadership. in Delhi.
Chennai: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister V Senthil Balaji, who is also one of the senior leaders of the DMK, today died after being taken to hospital after being arrested in a police station. The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday morning, in connection with the financial situation.
Fish : Fish is rich in fatty acids and vitamin E so eating it at least twice a month helps to cleanse the blood vessels from blood clots and waste and helps also to maintain blood pressure in the body.
It not only rejuvenates, but gives a full life and puts mankind back where they deserve to be.
The price of each shop is Rs 20,00,000/- (twenty lakh) and the shop produces Rs 10,000/- per month.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We have received confirmation from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) that the meeting between the two The Prime Minister and Union Home Minister Amit Shah will meet on the 29th of this month in Delhi.
Shillong, July 28: U Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that he has received information that the Congress government of Mukul Sangma is ready to forcibly dissolve the Executive Committee of the PDF led by Bah PN Syiem, CEM and to appoint an Administrator until a special lawyer from New Delhi has been appointed to advise the Prime Minister on this matter.
On 8-11-2018, a SI from Jowai Civil Hospital received a phone call at 2.45pm.
This includes the holistic health of all life – humans, animals and plants.
“I asked about the arrival of the Jal Jeevan Mission why it has done so much despite carrying out the work,” he asked.
Babu said the police will summon other members of the MLPCTA and the political parties who were present on the day.
At present, the school has 2 teachers paid by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and 2 teachers paid by the Managing Committee.
The Maruti was hit by a vehicle following from behind, and no information is yet available about the vehicle, as it fled the scene after the collision with the vehicle carrying the three persons.
True, they have many opportunities to improve in their lives but no one has guided them in any way to make the most of those opportunities.
More than 11.57 crore animals have been vaccinated so far and the vaccination is ongoing.
However, he did not say whether the government would appoint a team to investigate the allegation.
The semi-final match between East Garo Hills DCA and Shillong Cricket Association A will be played on 29th November.
“The refusal to allow vehicles to pass through Them Ïew Mawlong has caused heavy traffic jam, and we will not discuss the statement of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, we will do so,” he said. “Like the Cantonment which used to rob those who illegally stayed in its premises because it was unfair and in a minute they took the JCB and robbed them,” he said. The Hima Mylliem will go its own way.
Raising this question in the House, Kong Ampareen wanted to know which ethnic groups will have to be appointed when the Sixth Scheduled Amendment comes into force.
Joomiotre Patweth was 37 years old and Remio Syih was 18 years old.
According to information, this village is on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Earlier, LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner and Project Director of DRDA, South West Khasi Hills District, explained some of the issues related to the project.
He said that there are many shortcomings in the hostel such as water supply, electricity and others and we have spoken from time to time but the NEHU authorities have not listened.
As I mentioned above, this is the most terrible disease for the nation, because it is from this that foreigners can destroy our customs and traditions. All the Khasi customs will disappear and there we will lose even the Khasi name because they will destroy all the things that are inside the Khasi country.
Because the world is the kingdom of Satan, Satan will one day fulfill his divine desire by sitting in the Third Temple in Jerusalem and will rule as an enemy to this world. those 3 and a half years mentioned in Daniel 9:27 and it is also for this reason that “When he was sitting in the temple in Jerusalem, he showed himself to be God” (2 Thessalonians 2:4).
“I am pleased to see that the Parish is conducting such programs in this mobile age because of the Range Officer, Soil and Water Conservation in Amlarem Sub-Division. These programs have led to the children leaving the mobile phone rooms where they have become like cows.
He told about the new schemes related to medical equipment.
“The statement of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, former EM of the District Trade Department is true and it is true that many of the goods sold by the Khasi here are owned by the Khasi Muslims.
(3) At the same time, the Government should completely suspend the payment of financial assistance through the Aadhaar number or Aadhaar based payment system and should deposit the money directly into the bank accounts of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government will consider carefully and not act hastily regarding the metor issue.
On the other hand, the SSSU has expressed its deep sorrow regarding the excessive deterioration of the road from Tuber Shohshrieh to Malidor as it has caused a lot of problems in relation to the traffic. the people especially when they are sick.
Speaking at the meeting, Ardent said that 51 years have passed, but the people are still in fear of shame, poverty and ignorance.
The trio announced the decision Tuesday.
Explaining on this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at a meeting held today, the government has decided to provide T.50,000 to the families of the victims. He said that this assistance from the government will help the people who have died since 1st June
Sima Hima in Pynursla constituency, which is led by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who has served more than four terms without being defeated.
Likewise, we must immediately remove the spirit of hatred from each other and also have the spirit of respect for our leaders in any field so that those outside will respect us if we have respect. markylliang is not available.
Speaking to media, Bah DD Sylliang said that the poultry farmers in the state are not willing to increase the number of poultry farmers in the state, because they cannot run the market in their own state. The cows that are sold in the market now are those that come from outside the state.
“In the past few months, many have expressed concern about the Act.
Himalaya also announced that he will install an ambulance to transport patients from Pyndensohsaw to Mawsynram or Shillong. this village.
He said that three years ago, no one dared to speak against the Governor of the state in Hindi.
Shillong, Naitung 24: An earthquake has occurred on Rangshken Road for 10 months now. The landslide has occurred at a place near Rangshken village and the place is called Pynnoh Rangshken.
Perhaps the assistance of the Traffic Police in collaboration with students from various colleges in Shillong to explain to the public and parents about the main parts of the Zebra Crossing or the white line between The road will also help the school children to show signs how to stop their vehicles when passing through the Zebra Crossing.
In this regard, the owners of the houses should come and introduce themselves to the village before they give rent to any person so that they can check them in relation to the jobs they do. and to their household.
In the past years, the village headmen from Ktiehthawïar, Langja, Khyllemsarin, Umthlu, and Mawri, have discussed the issue of litigation between the villagers, to create ways and means how to bring about understanding and to end this struggle among the residents.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (AICC) today held a meeting at Congress Bhavan to protest against the three bills passed by the AICC. the Government of India, relating to the farmers.
Regarding all these measures, I urge you the people to follow these measures mentioned above as a safety measure in our state, these are the safety especially for the rural areas, as well as in the areas. government to protect, please follow these instructions to protect yourself.
When the bodies of the children arrived, the mother could not get up because of her physical weakness.
The FIFA World Cup 2022 kicked off at the Al Bayt Stadium in Qatar on Sunday.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah Robert Kharjahrin, said that the purpose of this explanation is to get the right leaders of the state to take over the government. A clean environment, environmental governance that can achieve the demands of the country and the state and environmental governance that brings about economic development in all aspects.
Hon'ble MLA Pius Marweiñ and party leaders will be present on the occasion.
These words were spoken by JA Lyngdoh at a meeting of the Congress party in Mawkhar yesterday evening, regarding the support of the people for the election of the Congress MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Vincent H. Lyngdoh. Shovel.
Shillong, July 05: The President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has slammed the police for not yet arresting Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang on charges of rape of a child. .
I send my condolences to the families of those who lost their lives".
“We pray for peace, justice and prosperity in our country,” the Archbishops said.
While preparing this article, the listeners heard the news of NDTV through television which announced that from midnight on Friday (05.06.08) the price of petrol , Diesel and Cooking Gas will increase by 5 tyngka, 3 tyngka and 50 tyngka respectively.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday urged all political parties in the country to unite to fight against the BJP in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. next year.
The presence of this house has clogged the road especially during working hours.
We lost a lot of precious things.
These findings and recommendations should be part of guidelines for timely detection of symptoms and access to treatment options.
There are 18 teachers and 425 students from Kut, Puriang, Mawryngkneng and other nearby villages. far away.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The State Government has been encouraged by the Central Government's support for the implementation of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), 1958 in Garo Hills. state.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the All Jaintia Tourist Commercial Vehicle Association (AJTCVA) and a group of civil society groups from FKJGP, JSM, HYC, JYF, WJNC, JSU, HNPF and others have decided to NHAI has been given 10 days to improve the toll plaza at Pasyih-Ialong.
As it has been since Fifa has donated this stadium, it cannot be said that it has been a great blessing, in which it has been able to make full use of it, especially from the Shillong Sports Association, and The clubs of the state which have played in the I.League, the clubs which have participated in the SSA leagues and not forgetting the physical education programs of each league. However, as it is now, the condition of this stadium needs to be restored and urgently repaired, so that the destruction or the evil of this field shall not spread to other parts of it.
The storm has damaged not only houses and trees or electricity posts, but what is more severe is the damage to one of the schools known as DNNT. Presbyterian Secondary School, Sohnidan.
Krinilla R Marak, wife of NCP candidate Jonathon N Sangma, who was assassinated, received 4,009 votes.
When Ardent wanted to know who ordered the shooting of (L) Cheristerfield, Prestone said, “We have already asked for an explanation from the group.
In the past decades, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has been famous for its inability to discuss many issues in the Legislative Assembly.
“In this regard, the District Council in the first month of next month has also held a meeting in Nongpoh and Nongstoin to meet with the village leaders but now The lack of participation of the State Government in the District Council in the demarcation of the boundary is a matter of great surprise.
The most important thing for man is to pray and call upon God and turn from all his evil ways, then God will hear from heaven and cleanse our land as He said in 2 Chronicles :14.
Pant expressed his satisfaction that Meghalaya is the first state in the country to win the census.
When I returned to Assam in 1993, the NECC of the Congress (1) in Dimapur, in a resolution, The BANGLA PAK NEXUS has expressed its support for the occupation of Assam and Assam.
She said that as the mothers who have seen the danger facing the children, the mothers have taken this step, even though it is only a small training centre.
Especially their daily life is contrary to their ministry, they worship only in religious services, while their life is contrary to the will of God.
Village Council of Khliehingriang
“In less than three months, we have submitted a handwritten letter to the PHE office but it seems that the village has been abandoned like this,” said Bah Shullai.
In another incident, another team of the 172nd Battalion Meghalaya BSF seized 18,000 kg of sugarcane from other border districts of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
He said the Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has continued to ensure that the North East grows along with the country as a whole by opening up all the opportunities available in the country. diversified employment that will bring a better future and economy to the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has allowed several departments to resume work from today.
Before implementing this, there were some problems when writing letters between Sohiong Block and Mawphlang Block, Sohiong Block and the PD of DRDA, BDO and VEC Len Mawtap-A. The VEC shall implement this activity.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that they have had information about this since the beginning.
The happiness that wealth brings often makes people proud and as they become richer, the love for each other has decreased and the desire for unity has decreased except in times of persecution. respect.
The one who went to the market carried a bag to store the goods and food to buy.
“The decline in agriculture in the last decade as shown by the census is a concern for the government and the state,” he said while launching the 2011 census.
However, the persecution of the wicked (the wild beast) from the time of Jesus by Herod until our day is recorded in the Book of Genesis as: “U” (Gen. 16:11-12).
Through its large population, growing economy and economy, India is an ideal investment destination with the food processing industry being one of the most opportune.
Jowai, Naitung 15: The Waheh Shnong of Chilliang Raij, DH Pde today set a good example by leading the villagers to give training on how to preserve the environment by holding a tree plant.
He said that even the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, was going to join Japan at the ceremony of honoring the Prime Minister of Japan in the past. Shinzo Abe.
Shine : The brightness of the light is the brightness of the light.
In this incident, the Auto Richshaw was severely damaged and the Volkswagen was also damaged.
On the part of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah RL Blah who is also the General Secretary congratulated the Police Department for curbing the spread of crime in Shillong.
The 10 villages include Laitlawsang, Mawmerang, Mawsde, Mawrap, Nonglang, Pyndengsakwang, Rangmaw, Shaid Shaid Umoid, Sohkhyllam and Umjaraiñ. of South West Khasi Hills District.
'In connection with everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you' (2 Thessalonians 5:18) From father, mother, brothers and sisters and family everything.
However, the Government's decision to introduce a garbage disposal machine from South Korea will solve the problem faced by the Dorbar Shnongs.
Four foreign runners, including two from Kenya and two from Ethiopia, also took part.
Shillong: There have been 136 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 307 recoveries and 4 deaths. All of them have not been injected.
Teams will have to pay an entry fee of T.500 before the 24th of this month.
Meanwhile, RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat, who is close to the BJP, said recently in Shillong that all Indians are Hindus.
The first attack by Bangladeshis against Khasi this year happened in Lad Darang village on 4th July 2020 after 13-14 Bangladeshis attacked people. They robbed and injured two Khasi youths.
What are our rulers doing now, or are they sitting idle? Our leaders have fought hard and are happy that they have got a state, they should be happier if they can get the Land Records or the proper documents related to the border to do not bring trouble on the present and future generations.
This is one of the problems that drugs affect not only the children who come from poor families but also the poor families.
South West Khasi Hills has 84 cases and West Garo Hills has 72 cases.
Referring to the 13 organizations, the GS of the KSU said that the 13 organizations have already sent a letter to the government to call for talks on the ILP, but the government has not called for talks for two months. , on the other hand, the 13 organizations urged the government to call for talks and not to delay the process.
Three minutes later, Meghalaya scored the third goal through Samewon Khonglah, who was named Man of the Match.
The counsel from Proverbs recorded by Solomon and other writers in this book teaches us much.
This will serve as a link between classrooms and the demands of activities and provide access to activities.
He said the agencies have expressed their concerns regarding the remote houses and the price of transportation will have to be arranged between the owners and the gas supplier.
In the first innings, Banshanlang Nongdhar, the top scorer for Cricket Smit, scored 35 runs from 21 balls while Raj Kishor Yadav took two wickets in four overs. .
Bah DD Lapang, who was the Chief Minister at that time, was also present.
The party immediately rejects the social border settlement between the two states and has decided to fight to the end to bring Mallangkohna within the border of Meghalaya.
The first ASHA payment mobile application, which was launched by the Meghalaya government in October 2022, has been successful.
According to reports, the theft of ammunition happened in the early hours of Sunday (9th).
Avoid wearing half-length clothes as these can attract the attention of men especially drug addicts who will see you as stupid.
When asked about the Shillong Medical College, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Government has resubmitted the Expression of Interest and should not be delayed just because of these problems.
Speaking on behalf of the church, Tbn Aristar Thongni praised Ms Pelcy for her contribution to the church by road.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong through the DC has requested him to order the JMB to carry back these garbage, otherwise the Dorbar Shnong will take a strict decision.
In the second innings, Pomshutia CC chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. Mawryngkneng CC tied for 76 runs before all 10 wickets were bowled out after 15.3 overs.
But why didn't God stop the Nazis from massacring the Jews, or the Soviets' horrific persecution and genocide of the Ukrainians? God cannot meet all the needs of man, in this way God has not created or cannot do anything about the Holocaust or the Holomodor or any other event that terrific.
Shillong, March 12 : The Joint Secretary of the HSPDP Central Body, Bah Banri Kupar Ryntathiang, on Tuesday announced that he has resigned from the post of party along with several leaders of the party. you party.
In a statement, the Seng through Samla S.Khongtir, Secretary invites all the members of the Seng to welcome all the people of the area who hold fast to their traditional religion. Shillong, that from the parents, youth, children, relatives, friends to come together to celebrate this day so that the meeting of the youth of the Riwar Mihngi region will be a success. they are not clean.
In Telangana, which has been ruled by the Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) for the past 10 years, the Congress has won 119 constituencies. 64 constituencies while the BRS has won 39 constituencies.
Because if Hynniewtrep has been established by the AI-JAID KPA CULTURE, we will have ruled the ENTIRE NORTH-EAST SINCE 1947 after we gained Independence.
Now anyone can apply for ticket from the party and it is up to the party to decide who will be given the ticket.
Therefore, I strongly urge the Government to suspend all kinds of festivals with the thought of the poor,” he said. think of the matters that are necessary.
to light the lights and the goodness of the lights shall rise again" , Waroh Pde.
When asked about other political parties in the state, the Congress Leader in Meghalaya said, “Other parties are very sad because if they go to the people, the people don't work, they (others other parties) try to convince our leaders in the Congress because the people who are with us now in the Congress because we are in the Opposition we are poorer but a person like Bah HDR Lyngdoh I don't think he is I don't know if you're going to be able to do that.
The demand for the formation of the Garo Autonomous District Council was supported by Garo civil society groups whose members and leaders took part in Bakrapur.
Police have arrested the Manager and three employees of Rimpu Bagan.
This disease lasts for about 2-4 days but even if it lasts only a few days, your body becomes very swollen and weak due to the loss of water in the body through frequent toilet visits.
On the other hand, the union said that it is ready to conduct a Joint Inspection with the company so that the company cannot mislead the people.
Kropha said he had not received any complaint but said the Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) should be implemented in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court.
The treatment will be held on the 7th July at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh from 9 pm.
He said that only a few constituencies have not yet formed Block Congress Committees.
The captain of the national team Harmanpreet Kaur, vice-captain Smriti Mandhana and a player who can play in all parts of the team have been appointed. All-rounder Deepti Sharma has now been promoted to Grade A.
In the absence of the Syiem (sickness or unavoidable need), the Basan Rangbah shall conduct and conduct the dorbar.
In this case, Hajar Singh of Mylliem Hima alleged that Thomas Jones came to build an illegal house in Mylliem without any permission; although this place was approved by Bor Manik and Hajar Singh, who were the rulers of the Hima Mylliem.
Delhi, Naiwieng 8: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has announced that from midnight onwards, T.500 and T.1000 notes will no longer be in currency.
Regarding the government's request to provide training to the VHCs (Village Health Councils) to work while the ASHAs are on strike, Kong Myrsing said the government has started to train them. the ASHAs and the village.
This is not the Government's paid trap.
In this regard, experts of the World Health Organization (WHO) are now beginning to acknowledge that the disease is no longer transmitted only by speech, or by sharing, spreading or close contact with others. ; However, it is an airborne disease and it is reported that the bacteria can survive for up to three hours in the air and then for up to three days in plastic or metal.
The meeting was conducted by the Acting President Bah Teibor Khongjee and was attended by members of the Central Body and various units from across the Khasi Hills.
The committee will be headed by the Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang along with District Council officers as members to guide the implementation.
Pomegranate juice helps to build the body, helps with digestion and fights bacteria in the body.
Nongpoh: The Border Road Organization (BRO) troops at Dwar Ksuid, which the state government has relied on to build, have been found not to provide adequate services to the vehicles passing through. Shillong By-pass, as it has been found that from time to time there is a problem and in need of repair.
We don't understand because we have experienced it ourselves.
Bellington Marngar, 63, of Nongkasen Nongstoin, died at Shillong Civil Hospital and Khlurstep Khonglah, 55, of Byrnihat, Ribhoi, died at NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Ribhoi. He died at Shillong Hospital.
His office is also considering to provide training to the VDP members in fire fighting so that they can help the victims before the arrival of the police and fire trucks. .
Speaking to reporters, Pa'iem Laborious said that the existence of these VDCs will create two authorities within the village which may also lead to conflict within the village and the Dorbar Shnongs. They want two authorities in the village and they want the highest authority in the village to be the Dorbar Shnong.
At present, KHNAM is still announcing its candidate from Laban constituency and now it has received a candidate from Mawthadraishan, said Bah Adelbert and soon in the next few days it will announce the name of the candidate.
While the rally was going on, it was reported that the children were being chased by the Karbis.
However, now the conflict is ready to arise again, and now there is an allegation from Mawlongbna village that Thyllaw has come to take over their farm which is located in the area called the Synrang tree.
Many of the residents have been suffering from the deterioration of the road which has been neglected for many years, but now the government has allocated funds to clean up the road. The road has been used for the convenience of the people in coming and going, but due to the negligence of the contractor in the plan to clean up this road, it has caused a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going.
The tournament will start from 3rd to 3rd November in Kolkata, Guwahati and Kokrajhar.
Today's match will be between Mawlai SC and Synroplang 77 at 2:30 pm and the next match will be between Lumparing and Maw U-tieng at 2:30 pm. at 4 o'clock in the evening.
On the railways, the KSU president said that once the ILP is implemented in the state, “we can talk about the railways but for now, we are against the railways.
He said that he hopes that many of the villages in the Langpih Sector will become Meghalaya. “Therefore, I call for the cooperation of all in this regard,” he said.
In 2020, the number of e-challans has dropped to 14 lakh due to the pandemic.
That is, if a man goes to knieh another man's wife, says Babu HO Mawrie in his book, 'U Khasi bad la ka niam' page
On the other hand, he said that the increasing number of part-time school dropouts among the youth is due to the lack of schools nearby.
In addition, 7 Leaders including 5 men and 2 women who completed the Himalayan Wood Badge Course were also honoured.
For the youth under 14 years old, it will start from Bynther to Madan Kynshi Pyllun.
The Moderator expressed his satisfaction that this Youth Worship Project has reached its completion and has been successful.
According to him, the replacement of these bearings will take only 3 to 7 hours and after that the small vehicles can run as usual.
The family members of the deceased are awaiting the post-mortem report and the investigation is ongoing by SI R Rymbai.
The residents informed the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) of the unit at Ashugre and staged a protest along with the civil society groups in the area.
The President of FKJGP Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar together with the youths of Mawlai Nongkwar, strongly condemned the incident and said that the village will continue to search until the perpetrators are found. this is the work.
He said that he has employed up to four employees and now he has to send them to the employees to offer them just to earn a living because to dismiss them he does not agree with them when they have worked with him for these years.
Human rule is now in the midst of many challenges, the laws in every country of the world have become weaker and there are breaking the laws.
Nongbri said that this does not mean that we want Meghalaya to reach that point, but it is just to know the situation of our neighbours.
During the meeting, the union is also pleased that the Chairman has assured that he will create ways and means to address the problems of the people in these areas so that the people will be happier in the future. .
He said that the movement of trucks on these roads, is to be able to save the challans even though they move or carry most of the time, so on this basis the union is surprised that On the other hand, the government authorities have not taken any action against these trucks.
Thomas also expressed his opposition because the college has agreed with HU Textiles, Khyndailad, to purchase uniforms at the price of T.3000 per uniform. The desire to use uniforms should allow the youth to buy from other affordable places according to their ability.
These organizations include the Garo Students' Union (GSU)-CEC, the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC), the AAYF, the AAYWS and others.
Michael Smith of Motorsport Australia, who also organized the selection, said: “We expected to witness more than 25 talented participants from Asia.
Lambor said the Planning Department has also put before the government to build the road from Sawlad to Nongrah and from Nongrah to It Shyrwat. He said the purpose of this road is that tourist vehicles that come here no longer need to enter Shillong and this will avoid congestion in the city.
Look at yourself, where am I weak? How can we guard against Satan's snares and how can we overcome them? Therefore, you need to think carefully about yourself.
I'll see if I go to church again this month,” said the mother, acting as if she were thinking.
Under the banner of the Non Gazetted Employees Association, the employees of GHADC gathered at Tura Government College ground in Teteng A'ja to start the protest.
The Chiefs of five villages in the Tarabari area including Namtarabari, Watre Rongchong, Bolsum, Damrangkona and Garojan adjoin West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya. They on Friday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to include these five villages in Meghalaya.
There will also be other competitions such as 2 point shootout for men and women, Cosplay Competition and 30 Seconds of Fame Competition.
Mookaswan Dongneiñ will play against Newhills at 10 pm and Khliehshnong Ialong will play against Salaroh at 12 noon.
It is because they did not find a place to live that the people called it “Khieshohrieh”.
Shillong, June 07: The BJP Youth Wing (BJYM) today visited the families affected by the cyclone in Nongmensong, Mawlynrei, Umpling, Pynthorbah and other places. whether it is enough or not to help the poor.
In Chattisgarh, the Congress won 39 seats while the BJP won 49 seats.
Besides, the farmers don't have enough money to buy rice and other food items because they can't sell their jhur every day.
When will that time come when the Jews or Israelites will be able to build the Temple? No one knows because the power and time belong to God.
The HNLC has expressed its commitment to have peace talks with the Meghalaya Government by 2010 and the Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum has expressed its readiness to take on this task.
The meeting discussed the border issue between Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills, Block I and that it should be transferred from Mikir Hills Assam to Meghalaya.
Many times, in this age we are afraid, we doubt and we are overcome by the evils and destructions that happen and destroy human life.
What God means is – As long as the stars, the moon and the sun remain in the sky, so the Israelites must remain here on earth.
He said that the Government of India since 2005-06, has decided to abolish the subsidy and it was the MLA of Dienglieng (Ma u) at that time, who dared to ask for an answer why it abolished the subsidy. this is my son.
Therefore, if you take about 2 or 3 chewing gums a day, it will cause the snier to stop and not be able to digest the food that enters the stomach and thus this will lead to other miscellaneous illnesses starting with stomach problems.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills, all liquor shops including wholesale, retail, bars, canteens and liquor shops within the district have been closed. they are to be closed entirely on three special national days to be celebrated in April this year.
“These children bought 8 song of Maggi worth T.5 per song. After eating, they became ill. We took them to the Government Hospital in Chhatarpur, but we were sent outside. “We don't have a doctor but we were sent to Gwalior Medical College,” said Ram Kishan, the father of the children.
Earlier, the department also conducted an Open Truck Road Show which started from Madan Heh at Mawlai Phudmuri. – AG Office – Additional Secretariat – Barik – Malki Point – Dhankheti – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Beat House and end at Madan Ïewrynghep.
The office said that even those who do not show any signs of illness can carry the disease.
Shillong: Joycy Lyngdoh, 35, from Meghalaya, has become the first female truck driver to work with Amazon and has broken the belief that women cannot work. he is a shynrang.
The people of the state will see the political changes in the state in the near future,” said Dr Mukul.
“Education is not an easy industry to work in.
Those involved in energy movement are more likely to need to add more calories for the sake of being able to provide health.
Ong u ma Lambormi Suchen (SDO-MSSDS).
The project was implemented by Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd through a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) from Uttar Pradesh at a total cost of Rs 127 crore.
He said that if the government provides financial assistance to the farmers, the state can produce up to 100,000 MT of biscuits per annum, and if it can produce that much, it can also meet the demand for biscuits in the country. to other countries of the world.
In his ceremony, the Prime Minister said that the bravery of Elambok has saved the precious life of a young girl, and let this bravery of his be an example. to others as well.
It is to be recalled that this road has been suspended since 1st March, 2020 following the protest of the residents of Lapangap village with the support of KSU Khanduli-Umshangiar unit and the Border. However, after more than three months, the Assam government has resumed the construction of the road under the patrol of the police (Assam).
Therefore, by banning the travel to Meghalaya, they will face problems and will suffer.
June 7, 2021 Ladmawphlang village, East Khasi Hills, which is one of the villages working with NESFAS, has about 88 households.
In this regard, the union has demanded that the government should not allow Ayush Kumar to study MBBS because according to information he is not a resident of Thangskai. They will meet the DC and inquire about the documents of Ayush Kumar.
The HiTO Sengkmie has expressed its deep sorrow over the letter sent by the ACHIK to the office of the Director Urban, Bah E Kharmalki, IAS. its opposition to the appointment of non-Garo people.
When asked whether the BJP in Sohra had been invited to attend the meeting, he said he had not been informed and had not been invited at all.
The following is the list of candidates of Congress:.
An FIR was lodged at Umiam Police Station on the 24th of this month and police have not yet arrested anyone.
He said that there is no evidence that the purpose of these donations has been achieved.
This happened near the road where both sides of the houses were damaged and the doors were damaged.
An MLA who earns only T.1 crore per annum is difficult to help everyone,” said Marak.
One of the oldest residents of Basra, Majed al Husseini, said that these officials and authorities of the city, no longer care about the dignity of the residents and ignore the They have their rights and will even though they know that this place of worship is one of the most famous buildings and stands for the ethnic groups in the city.
During the exhibition, many kinds of handicrafts will be exhibited.
The MEPA meeting also decided to provide protection to journalists who face difficulties due to intimidation or harassment while doing their job.
When inquired about the traffic jam, the elders and residents said that the reason for the traffic jam was due to the illegal parking by the drivers of trucks who wanted to drop stone to Bangladesh. The other reason is the lack of traffic police to monitor the traffic on the road.
However, they say that they still know how to play political games in the running of the government.
“The discovery of these problems has enabled us to investigate this matter and to ensure the rights of the people as they deserve after the confiscation of their property,” said Bah. Paul.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Maiongrim, Bah S.Lyngdoh, after the meeting with the DC, said that the Mawlai Mawiong Dorbar Shnong has given 15 days to the DC's office to Clean up the coal that they have thrown on the side of the road in this town.
In the women's category, Balarisha Thyrniang came second, followed by Bandasharai Marwein who came second and Marqueenless Ramsiej came third.
Similarly, the Khasi people are the oldest people who settled here thousands and thousands of years ago, in which the way of life is very different from others even nearby.
Dr War said that the price of the vaccine has not yet been determined and the government will take a decision after the vaccine has been marketed.
“I feel it is appropriate for the students who are good at sports to get marks when they enter school or college,” said Jemino.
“I don't know,” said Bah Let. After a long discussion, the Rangbah Shnong finally decided to call them after talking to the Rangbah Shnong.
It is not known whether the video was recorded or not, as no one has explained it.
It is learned that many houses and livestock farms have been damaged by the storm.
Those who attended the program included Dr. T. Shylla, Waheh Shnong Khliehriat West, Langmon Bareh, former MLA, Justine Dkhar and others. members of Self Help Groups (SHGs).
However, what we see is that all the young job seekers expect that the job they do will be like a government job that comes as they please, leaves as they please and takes leave as they please.
The case was registered at Laitumkhrah PSC/No.38(3)16 u/s 21(b) of the NDPS Act.
Therefore, it is necessary to investigate the background of the candidate before making a decision to elect him/her to avoid failure within five years and to avoid bias.
He said that the deterioration of the road from Mawshamok to Nongwar is 6 km long but this deterioration has destroyed the reputation of these areas in terms of attracting tourists due to the deterioration of the roads.
However, the syllabus and school textbooks are no longer at the same time every year since 2019, writers from Delhi and now Guwahati as well.
They also criticized the Khasi MLAs especially the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills for not saying anything on this issue which affects the khiewja of the people.
Pyrkhat Sari tied 38 runs off 37 balls while Pynskhem Phawa of Ummulong took four wickets in three overs.
He said that when he passed through the District Collector's Office, Treasury, DIG's Office and Tura Police Station, he saw that these places were in darkness due to the lack of streetlights on the roadsides.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has said that the revision of textbooks in schools is in line with the demand and changing times. will introduce changes to textbooks from
Mawkhar SC finished the season with 7 points, winning 9 games, drawing 4 games and winning only once out of 14 games while Nangkiew Irat SC finished with 17 points. points and out of 14 games it has won 4 times, drawn 5 times and lost 5 times.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that out of the 68 people who have been tested positive for the coronavirus, six more have been confirmed positive. Doctor of Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
We would like to inform you that the attempt by the Meghalaya State Pollution Board together with MeECL to hold a public complaint meeting is illegal and has violated the rules and regulations of the EIA. I would also like to make it clear that we the residents do not want to take part in any public complaint meetings because we don't want the Government or any authority or company to build the Dam and den. The JAC has summarized the dangers of the construction of this dam as follows:- The JAC has said that the Umngot River is one of the most famous rivers in Meghalaya. and which is famous throughout the North East and India, not only because it feeds us but also because it is a clean and sacred river in relation to us indigenous peoples.
He announced that in gratitude to God for what our beloved High Priest has done or has been for the Church, society and the church. The Archdiocese of Shillong has taken the initiative to hold a buskit in the name of our Lyngdoh Sad i, bam kwai at Dwar U. God.
At the end, jhur seeds were distributed to the participants and a visit to the KVK Farm was conducted.
Shillong, November 14: U Bah DD Lapang has arrived in Delhi today after being summoned by Congress President Sonia Gandhi. In this state, especially the struggle and power struggle between the Chief Minister of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM and the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister.
The meeting was held at the residence of the president of CSWO in the presence of KWWADA leaders. He said the meeting also sought the support of the village leaders, women's organizations, religious leaders and youth who feel that the government's silence on the ILP is inappropriate.
However, we have not received any letter from the government on this,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The armala bridge is located above the crossing of people and buses, on the floor below the railway crossing.
Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy has won seven gold and three silver medals in the 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Tournament.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, announced the victory of Meghalaya and congratulated the team of Jal Jeeval Mission, Meghalaya.
On the occasion, Birla urged for effective use of modern information and communication technologies to expedite the work of the legislatures so that they can achieve the objectives of the the public in a transparent manner.
He said that the union reminds that there are many other Sub Health Centers which need to be upgraded to Primary Health Centres, due to the distance of them to reach other existing PHCs.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU, Samla John Fisher Nongsiang, while talking to reporters after talking to the teacher sent by the Principal of the school, said that the meeting was not successful. The teacher also explained the reasons for the lack of NIOS students studying under the Nai Manzil scheme and also blamed the schools in Nongstoiñ especially the schools of these students who are studying under the Nai Manzil scheme. You can study through the Nai Manzil scheme of the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
They said that the people want the government to send other officers of the departments to visit the area to know the needs of the people and to conduct the training programs so that they learn how to operate.
Unfortunately, many of us have yet to understand this truth.
The appointment of the Education Commission by the Government may be a new approach if the Government increases the number of members who are skilled and experienced teachers and not politicians. The Commission will come to a good conclusion that will improve education and teaching in the state as a whole.
Assam and Tripura are included in the East Zone team.
Referring to the fact that the CAA allows foreigners to become citizens of India, the leader recalled that the state has a border with Bangladesh and in the 1970s, there were citizens of Bangladesh. villagers from the country who came to the State because of the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Mairang, Naiwieng 11: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang. Block.
The ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 has 45 MLAs including 26 from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, 2 from the PDF, 2 from the HSPDP and 2 from the BJP. The Congress and TMC have five MLAs each and the VPP four in the 59-member Assembly except Sohiong which does not yet have MLAs. Lyngdoh, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from the Congress, who are more experienced, will make the House more comfortable to discuss.
The Forum requests the Ministry of Transport to immediately implement these coal mines within 24 hours and if it fails, the Forum will lodge a complaint with the National Green Tribunal and the Supreme Court. disobedience or obedience to the decisions and direction of legal orders.
In the women's -68kg category, Neemu Lepcha of Sikkim won the silver medal, Lalrinzuali of Mizoram won the silver medal, Jonmoni Das of Assam won the bronze medal and Yaki Dignium of Assam won the silver medal. Arunachal Pradesh.
However, why didn't those 14 households come to settle the matter, but they went to the media when the elections came.
It is worth mentioning that the Nong Iew Association has decided not to pay market tax from this month as the Hima Mylliem has made it clear that it has no knowledge of this. and said that it is an illegal collection and the collectors should be arrested.
“We have directed the KSU to send a letter so that it will be easier for us to send verification once again,” she said.
He said the Council will take action with the state government to ensure that this does not happen again in the future.
The first half was a very friendly one in which both the teams were strong and the possession of the ball was equal.
However, suddenly this month the government announced to lift the ban and Jafar was pleased with this.
The Office of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah AL Myrthong, on Tuesday sent a letter to all the shops near the Air Force base to inform them that there will be no inspection of these shops. together with the Air Force and the Village Authorities today, 20th March.
He said that the task of overseeing the nomination of MDC candidates has been handed over to the Presidents in the Districts and to the leaders especially the MLAs to oversee and carry out the task.
The arrangement regarding vehicles attending the service on Sunday, the 16th is; Vehicles, from small and heavy vehicles, are kindly requested to follow the directions of the Traffic Cell.
He said that any laws introduced in the country should not affect the privacy of the minorities.
On the other hand, the Ri Bhoi Police are conducting a thorough investigation after the arrest of the six Nigerians.
The cameramen are Aiban D Ace and Bining Yawphniaw.
To order that all teachers from schools to go on election duty is a thoughtless, unacceptable or unfounded decision.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shane Thabah, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association, said that the DC's announcement should visit some of the areas where the street vendors live. “There is a lot of traffic jam to relocate to other places to improve the traffic, but until now they have not been able to complete this survey,” he said.
Thabah said that on the night of the 20th of this month, the police did not enter his office in Mawlai Nongkwar, but walked on the road and took two employees. “It was while they were walking on the highway and it was not from my office,” he said.
“Why don't they resign and contest the election again to get the support of the people?” she asked.
When asked about the Notification of 1951 regarding the land in Block-II where the land has been transferred to Assam and the need to review this Notification, Himanta said. He said that the necessary details will be looked into by the Regional Committees of both the States.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai and other party leaders.
Thus the god Janus walks between war and peace, “Lei Janus from behind sees the destruction, the destruction of life and from ahead he looks to a peaceful, good and prosperous future.
Nongpoh, July 28: Hundreds of people including leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today left the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in Ri Bhoi District. Membership of the organization which they have served in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Youth Wing of the Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong. The Government of India and up to 25 States in India have already canceled the call for personal interviews for government posts at the rank of Gp, B, C and D since 2016, but the state government has not yet done anything.
“There are about three cylinders per year that have been stored for distribution.
Speech was delivered by Ma Khroo L Pariat, a volunteer, a big supporter of the Union of Day Workers and Employees in the State. The meeting was called to remind the residents of Kiang Nangbah u Khlawait for his struggle for freedom from the hands of the Western authorities, especially for the assault on the Rangli woman. , the ban on the cremation of the body by the army, the extortion of Manik Pakynteiñ, Dolloi Jowai and Long Sutnga from the authorities until the arrest of Kiang from the crematorium. .
Nongstoin, Lber 07: Three robbers have robbed and looted in Mawdiangsnam village on the night of the 3rd of this month. Kharbani, who is from the same village, was also arrested and injured.
The closing date for receipt of forms is 23rd March 2021, the entry fee will be 4000 tyngka and the prize money for the winners will be 40,000 tyngka and the losers will be 20,0 Besides this award, there will also be a cash prize for Man of the Tournament, Man of the Match from Semi Final, Best Bowler and Best Catch.
Shillong, June 27: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Saturday evening arrested another member of the KSU. They were taken to Sadar Police Station for further investigation in the presence of members of the party at the Sadar gate.
“I am healthy and I don't have any illness,” Shah said.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Gavin M Mylliem said that the purpose of this program is to open up a platform for SHGs to showcase their activities. and also to have the opportunity to exchange ideas with fellow SHGs on practices and knowledge.
After the ban on traffic, the KSU has started digging in parts of Langkyrdem, Wahlyngkhat; However, this work has not been of any use, because there are many wells above Lyngkyrdem, which have disrupted the traffic of vehicles and below Lyngkyrdem. ruined, however, which were not touched at all, not even in the least.
He said that as a BJP MLA, he will request the BJP leader in Assam to urge Amitesh Chakraborty to withdraw the complaint against the KSU president. that as leaders it is our duty that if there is any conflict they should work hard to resolve it.
AITC Meghalaya today tweeted a series of photographs of students in uniform who have filled the ground on the streets in the constituency of the Prime Minister.
They asked many questions that if this happens, what will happen to the people living in the rural areas or even those living in Shillong if they want to send their children to school in this school? You may not come to this place without receiving complete information or pay your school fees while such an incident is still ongoing.
At the same time, Bah Lamphang Kharmujai, one of the youths of the village, who is also the Secretary of the Dorbar Dong Dhankheti, was elected.
He said that even when he started in politics, it was the Archbishop who encouraged and showed him the right path.
Arwanki Rymbai scored 9', 33' for Mihmyntdu FC while Efficiency Siangshai scored 57' and Bakiyo Dkhar 76' for Tpep Swer FC.
The ceremony was held for the couple in the Catholic style in Tura.
Shillong: Two policemen of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Civil Guards Department (MDA) have received the Medal for their good service on the occasion of the 74th Independence Day.
On the other hand, the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Lambok Marngar, who was also the chief guest, said that the Sengkmie has directed all the departments to put education as one of the issues. He said that the recognition of the students to be awarded was led by the KSU until the government followed suit later.
YM Yollow Konyak, former Minister of State, passed away on the 22nd of this month at the age of 53, Nagaland authorities said.
To prove to the District Council that she is a Khasi, Prodipta in a letter sent to the District Council has also submitted the village certificate of her mother, Kwela Khongwir, signed by the Rangbah Shnong of the Dorbar. Siatbakon Village, Raid Shabong, Khyrim Syiemship, and this letter contains the letter head number 374, signed by the Rangbah Shnong who does not write his name (which is written in the same way as on the kur certificate). , showed that the certificate was issued on 1st November, 2014 to prove that the mother is a resident of Siatbakon.
The union has urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to appoint Hector Marwein as the new Chief Secretary of Meghalaya as he is also the seniormost of all the officers. the right to be the new Chief Secretary of the State.
The two women elected to the Legislative Assembly are Salhoutuonuo Kruse and Hekani Jakhalu, both candidates of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party ( NDPP).
There is no need to talk about corruption, there is no need to protest on various issues because once you win, the same leader will be elected by the people.
“Who knows that those who will survive the work of Corona will be the stupid villagers.
He also urged the state government to provide security to the residents by sending police to these villages.
Acknowledging the diversity of views, the Prime Minister said that all these should be united for the construction of a prosperous India.
The youths said that after being hungry all day, when they eat again, they get snacks, such as small samosas, chips, nuts and umsoh.
TMC State President Charles Pyngrope, Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma and party leaders were present at the handover ceremony.
“To accuse (the three) of being terrorists we don't agree with.
The decision of the Dorbar Shnong is not unanimous. There are residents who support me and 10 percent support Lakhon Biam and some want to support Ma Moon Dhar,” said Garod.
Hek said the Minister of State had directed him to provide some information on the earlier talks.
Two Scout Masters from Assam, Adiam Bthuh, District Secretary MBSG-WJHD and Pet Dhar, District Commissioner Scouts, were also awarded the Syrnot. C.Gassah, District Organizer Scouts, WJHD, Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 22: It is a great pleasure for the school principals and teachers that the students are now there. to pursue the goal of education in such days of competition in many fields, which was witnessed today at a school in a remote village about 16 km away. and Mawkyrwat.
?" asked Riia.
Shillong, March 14: The Shnong Tong Seng (Narpuh) through a statement issued by A.Bamon Rangbah Shnong has issued an order and ban that no one will be allowed to kill anyone. dohum is the last shot of the bomb.
That means they can no longer get a job or participate in church activities ever again.
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of HITO Ri Bhoi District, Bah Alvis Kyrsian, said that the party has urged the MLAs from Ri Bhoi District to discuss the reservation policy and roster system. It is only for the government jobs within the District Selection Committee that the government should allocate 80% of the government jobs only for the youth of the district.
After about half an hour, Lajong had to replace Ngamsanglena Haokip with Wanteilang Malngiang after Hao Kip collided with a teammate while they were playing. beh the ball.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul, on Tuesday said that the government has taken the necessary measures to improve the electricity supply to MeCEL. route to strengthen electricity generation.
I could never understand.
The newspaper on Thursday said that the government is still sleeping on this issue and has not yet taken a decision.
He estimated that the expenditure will be T.12,873 crore, of which the revenue expenditure will be T.10,648 crore and the capital expenditure will be T.2225 crore.
Walsh's appointment is also his first job in the Shabar position, although he has already worked with the Bangladesh team as a coach. He has also been involved in the recruitment of talented players and as a fast bowling coach for the IPL Kings XI Punjab.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Laban Circle today conducted a raid on foreign workers across the Laban area.
Taking this into account, the Government of Meghalaya wants to promote self-employment, improve the lifestyle of its residents and prevent the youth from fleeing abroad.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Chilliangraij Village with the participation of the Village Leaders and other villagers who came to witness the event.
The Supreme Court has made it clear that it cannot suspend the implementation of the Farm Act and the court has refused to give the Indian government more time to reach an agreement. and farmers.
Rev.B.P.
Sangma said that listening to the demands of the political parties in the state on the implementation of the ILP, the state government has held meetings with the political parties and groups of various committees to find ways and means. ways to solve the problem of foreign infiltration.
The Secretary of the Umsohlang River Protection Group, Bah Anthony Syiemlieh, said that in the past years, the abundance of fish in the river has attracted the Rawon from Mawlai and neighboring villages. The plastic bags have also started to fall.
Meghalaya scored the first goal in the 13th minute through a shot from Makrisha Songthiang and two minutes later Mizoram turned the tide.
Research Scholar : you are a scientist; tih is not the day of judgment; sani is not detailed.
Jio service outages have happened in Jowai and other villages and many residents have complained that they cannot use the phone properly to talk and use the internet.
There has been terrible bloodshed and the loss of many lives just because of the special recognition as Schedule Tribes.
He also hoped that by the time the state turns 60 years old, it will be one of the states that will grow in terms of agriculture and income in the country which can reach the top , the Government has this priority as up to 70% of the population lives in agriculture.
Two persons, Marjanki Phawa and Sabianka Lyngdoh, died on the spot.
Recently, vehicle drivers have staged a strike across the state following the high price of petrol and diesel in the state.
(This is the Meghalaya Personal Accident Insurance Scheme. The government will provide financial assistance to truck drivers in case of serious accidents or if they die.
The Kharkutta MLA said that the farmers are at the mercy of the buyers especially if they buy at a lower price.
The JD(U), which needs the support of 122 MLAs in the 243-member Assembly to come to power in Bihar, now has 119 legislators.
However, these other parties feel that it is right, they start to turn around, but they don't get anywhere because it is an issue that has been stolen from others”.
The Meteorological Department has also warned that tomorrow will be a day of heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
There is no point in talking about corruption, fraud and corruption of MLAs when it is time for the people to elect again the same people whom they accuse of being corrupt just by giving money. an hour before the election.
Shillong, March 6: The Congress party in its emergency meeting held tonight has not decided whether to contest or not for the CEM, KHADC elections to be held on the 8th of this month. However, it has decided to announce tomorrow at 12 noon whether it has nominated a candidate for the post.
There are 45 tons of springs.
“If there is no NEIRIGHMS, we will be a state without a medical college in the country.
The Hills Farmers' Union (HFU) has renewed its office bearers on 30th March at a meeting held at the Community Hall, Salani Colony, Mihmyntdu.
In the 1940s, most of the rice was exported to the market as far as Calcutta.
Bhaskar, who hails from Basunia Para, West Bengal, won the Golden Glove in the 2021-22 I-League against Rajasthan United FC. and 44 saves in 17 appearances for Rajasthan United in the I-League.
To promote this industry, other departments of the Government and the Tourism Department, such as PWD, PHE, Power, Industries and Commerce, Art and Culture and other departments, are also required.
The Seng cannot help but express its regret that the Government has spent tens of lakhs and crores of rupees for the conduct of examinations and interviews for the recruitment of teachers in its revenue from us the citizens of the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason congratulated the Samla Seng for taking the initiative to hold such a program to honor the students with the aim of encouraging and motivating the youth of The village to continue to progress and to continue to do well in higher education.
It is during these meetings that I understand the concern of the people regarding the impact of this Act,” said the Minister in a statement.
The Seinraij Jowai has decided to immediately close all commercial parking lots in Jowai as a sign of support for the call for a 36 hour closure by the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang from 6 AM to 6 pm on Tuesday. There is a lot of trouble in Jowai.
Shillong, July 30: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVL) has given until 30th July to the Minister of Urban Affairs and Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh to resolve the issue. The residents of Upper Shillong have postponed the meeting for another day and said that they will wait until tomorrow, 31st July for the reply from the Minister.
They also informed the Chief Minister that Meghalaya is still following the Assam Aided College Employees Rules 1960 and urged the government to implement the University Grants Commission for teachers in the state.
In his speech, Nityanand Rai said that the Assam Rifles was established in 1835 as the Cachar Levy.
Therefore, when Shongkha in the Khasi society, women should not be selfish, not ryngkoh kulmar, by looking at wealth or colour, but they should know that they are Longkmie without honor, builders of the household, the clan and those who uphold the customs and traditions.
“We need about T.105 crore to complete this scheme,” said Samlin.
"It will take some time, because you have to go through the procedure and you have to get the approval from the higher authorities," he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a young man who did not want to be named, said that some foreigners who claimed to be soldiers came to offer many gifts. electronic devices that are counterfeit or duplicate.
However, now it has been seen that there is a danger in which evil has begun to spread in every young person of the country except for a few who are still free from this temptation of Satan.
However, because she was standing next to a big tree, Arjun Kapoor wrote, “Young girl, look carefully where you are going!!! Be careful not to fall on the tree, in the hope of being shondur.
Regarding the neglect of these two schools, now the questions and complaints turn to the state government because perhaps not only these two schools but there are many more Government Schools in Mawsynram and The parts of SWKH which have been neglected without any attention, either from the leaders or the authorities in charge of the education department of the state.
A copy of the letter was sent to the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Shillong.
We can verify from the Doloi, the pator, the sangot, the maji and so on.
“The government's decision shows its lack of concern for the severe affected youth of Khasi-Jaintia and youth with disabilities,” said Dr. Batskhem.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew from 6 pm on 26th June 2020 and will continue until 6 pm on 4th June
Where is the government?
Shillong, March 30 : The Meghalaya High Court on Monday urged the state government and the Airport Authority of India (AAI) to complete the inspection of the Umroi Airport for the improvement of the runway. these next few months.
Rangdajied won the match 4-3 from the penalty spot.
I don't understand well about the patharkhmah and about the nongkhrah.
Shillong: To strengthen the relationship between the villages in the region, IndiGo, one of India's leading airlines, has announced flights between Shillong and Dibrugarh under the RCS scheme. effective March 26, 2021.
Russia claims that these two areas are mostly inhabited by Russians.
He said that the government will fill 400 posts of Medical Officers in the near future and said that the government will open new 150 Health Sub-posts. center to provide services to the public.
Initially, the NPP had scheduled to welcome Bah kynsing Lynshiang on the 26th of this month but due to heavy rain, it was postponed to the 29th.
As a result, there have been many disputes over land or forest ownership and many disputes in the courts.
If Bah Adelbert Nongrum wants to arrange, we are ready and if he wants to be President, I am ready to convene the GC. ensuring that activities are carried out in accordance with the organization's policies.
He was welcomed by the Working President of the NPP, Bah Hamletson Dohling and MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh.
James K Sangma in his speech said that in Lum Garo the contest for the 2018 MLA elections is only between the Congress and the NPP. There is no PDF, the GNC exists but it has not created the world, we will fight with the Congress, I guarantee that we will win in all the constituencies,” said James.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Western Zone under the leadership of Bah Lumkur Lapang as President (WZ) on Saturday visited Mawdem area, Ri Bhoi. District and found that the residents are facing difficulties in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road.
This is according to a statement issued by the President of the Seng.
Kong Bilty Rngad, resident of Chilliangraij, Jowai has passed away on you are 86 years old.
“Therefore, we invite all the youth of Khasi Jaintia to attend this meeting,” said the Publicity Secretary of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait Youth Association, Bah Seiborlang L Nonglait.
Recently, there was a proposal to dam the Kynshi River for the purpose of generating electricity which has been abandoned for various reasons.
Shillong, June 17: The Catholic Christian Secular Forum, through Joseph Dias, General Secretary and founder of the Catholic Secular Forum, has sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. The persecution of Christians in India should be shown by actions, not just words.
“Five lakh people have paid a fee for one soul but I am sorry for this because just to bring those singers from overseas, billions of rupees are spent,” she said.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Grace said, “I believe that this vacancy will be elected by the longkmie this time and the people have recognized her. I am no longer with the elders.
S.R and Prof. T Jojo.
In a country with many differences like India, where people from different religions, castes and communities coexist, it is necessary to have leaders who work for the common good of all communities.
The Forum expresses its regret and regret over the failure of the Meghalaya government to allow the Assam government to take over the areas that are still in the midst of the border dispute.
In South Garo Hills, 5 cases are high risk contacts, 4 cases in North Garo Hills and 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was also attended by the residents of Watre Rongchang, Balsrik and Walkam of Upper Tarabari.
The full leadership of the group includes Bah Shining Kyntla as President, Bah Tony Nongrum General Secretary and other members and office bearers.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting today.
Shillong: The indefinite Dima Hasao bandh called by the Indigenous Students' Forum (ISF) in Dima Hasao district has resulted in the damage of several houses. vehicles especially of government employees.
Also present at the meeting were former MLA Jason Mawlong, MDC Macdalyn Mawlong, Samlin Malngiang in charge of Ri-Bhoi, Hamletson Dohling and others.
“There are about 90 people who shot me and Lurshai Hynniewta and many of them I know but I don't know the names of many others. Das and this attack on the KSU members and the people who took part in the rally was not prepared,” he added.
Latiplang said that the drama within the KHADC is ongoing and on his part, he said that after receiving the decision of the court, the confirmation will be in the House.
The amendment and enactment of Farm Bills relating to farmers is part of the implementation of the new era of governance that the Government of India has launched since the 1990s.
In the next match, Newhill beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-1
Shillong, Nailur 8: The KSU Narpuh Circle has demanded that the PWD department should repair and improve the road from Tongseng village to Jingkieng Malidor on the border with Assam. The crowd of people who walk and stand through this road is very difficult.
“It should be clean and as experts it should be straightforward and impartial," he said.
He has also scored 22 goals for the club.
Many of the supporters of the TMC candidate from Mawhati Constituency attended the election campaign rally held at Madan Tyrso.
In 1988, the Seng Riewlum was again in power, but it did not last, when the HPU changed its mind about the agreement with Purno Sangma.
However, this year, at the time of writing, the party has remained silent and has not sent any statement to the media regarding the Independence Day.
On the other hand, the KSU has released these contractors to return to their villages and urged them not to return to the state.
In the ejahar lodged by the prosecutors, they said that the statement of the girl is untrue and baseless allegations just to insult them.
What we are witnessing these days according to the changing weather is that it takes only a few minutes to see the vehicles passing through the road in this area coming and going around the villages especially in the four There are 10 constituencies including Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor.
However, the other thing is not to decide that this is corruption or scam.
It is also a fact that in the few months before the elections, the number of relief workers including sympathizers has increased especially in areas where there have been tragic incidents or deaths.
Not only that, he also listened to the letter of the Chairperson of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, New Delhi, which was first written on 19th November 2013 and which he replied to after 70 days, on 29th November 2013, on the issue of Mukul Sangma's Scheduled Tribe status and his claim to be a Sangma.
On the 10th of this month, the Assam Rifles also arrested a member of the KCNA from Hmunnuam village, Lawngtlai District.
The newly elected MDCs are ryngkoh and there are also those who have just left the dorbar.
The petition was filed by Aneeta Synrem against the Act which prohibits women from taking part in the election for the post of Rangbah Shnong.
The Chief Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare and Anurag Agarwal, IPS, IG, NE Sector, CRPF on Friday launched the flag raising ceremony for the motorcycle rally. Yashaswini' from the CRPF Women's Branch in Shillong to raise awareness on the value of girls and to celebrate Nari Shakti (Women Power).
He said that the State has completed more than 4 lakh households in the household water supply system and by October 2024, the target is 6 lakh households.
While the people began to shout and shout at them, Basan Nongkseh, accompanied by other Bakhraw, stood up and asked.
On the other hand, the Superintendent of Police (SP) West Jaintia Hills briefed the Governor on the situation in the district and the area as a whole and also spoke to the Rangbah Shnongs of the area to hear about the implementation of the schemes. within the villages.
(5) There shall be a Committee of Riewlum MLAs, which shall have the power to approve or disapprove any law relating to the Ri-Lum and shall also have the power to propose any law relating to the Ri-Lum. and the Mountains and so on.
On the other hand, Miss.
She said that although the ILP issue is not an issue to be discussed in the District Council but it is a place to discuss the life and death of the people.
When Assam became the Chief Commissioner's Province, Shillong was made the capital of the Province in
Martin M Danggo is one of the 58 candidates announced by the NPP at its candidate announcement meeting in Polo on 12th July 2023, but only two days after Danggo was announced. Speaking on the occasion, the former NPP candidate has decided to leave the party and join the BJP because the people do not want him to contest from the NPP. The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has said that the decision to join the BJP is not his personal decision, but the decision of the people because on 30th July the people decided to leave the party. He said that he has decided to join the BJP along with his supporters who have already joined the BJP. earlier.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: After three leaders of the VPP who attended the All Party Meeting announced the outcome of the meeting, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that “Until we receive the letter that the Government has appointed an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy, I will not leave home,” said Bah Ardent. .
Tell this leader of the Sikkim government that he has received a thump up from us.
According to the statement, a heavy search operation was conducted in the area in which the group was able to destroy and damage the camp of the militants. firearms and explosives as well as other common weapons used in the attack.
It is surprising that the supreme authority of banks, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed to implement a complicated deposit and payment system.
The coal mining is another example in front of us.
Church groups in the area have also set up a special committee to monitor the youth and teach them to free themselves from this false teaching.
However, now we see that the garbage from the households has been thrown into the garbage trucks.
This step taken by Conrad K. Sangma and his team is a step that we as a country and a nation should give praise.
Another trainee in the mechanic line, said that when he left his mother's house, she told him to wear dark clothes or blue clothes because he had to go to work as a mechanic. However, when he arrived at the training centre, he had to wear a uniform and the job he was trained was as a technician and he worked with machines.
“Our visit that day and when we asked for the documents, they were not there.
The family is the family of Bah Evansis Jones Myrthong, where they have donated the passenger shed to the people of the village, as part of the tribute to the father of Bah Evansis Jones Myrthong. (L) Station Priest, you are not in the house of God.
The Advocate General of the state, who was present at the hearing, said that it is difficult to implement the Reservation Policy without a Roster System.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the short drama competition by the Chief Guest and other dignitaries who attended the programme.
The Speaker of the Dorbar has been empowered to implement the Act and if there are any changes, they should be approved by the House. Any cancellation of membership of any MDC shall be immediately notified to the office of the Governor.
The political climate today is very different from that of previous years.
The man's standing caused a traffic jam on the highway, which lasted for several hundred meters, but, surprisingly, the drivers were always listening and did not cleanse your cars.
The 50th Anniversary Celebration of VDP Moodymmai was conducted by Light Singh Shylla Local MDC. Two MDCs of JHADC Moonlight Pariat and Sunday Morning Suna, CI Jowai PS, U OC in charge of Umulong Beat House Officer and others.
After the meeting, the reporter also spoke to PF Marngar Secretary HSPDP Women's Wing Nongstoin Area Unit, where she said that she has received information that the MLA who is also the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit, has already sent an application to the central boby for the purpose of applying for his ticket to contest the 2018 election.
“Ringgi Demdema Organic from West Garo Hills has already launched the sohtrun season.
After this, we went to the court but because the agreement was signed and implemented, even the court did not give a decision for us,” said the Minister of Electricity. .
The arrested were identified as Yakub Yazdanbox and Shahin Mandal.
Nongpoh: The Enforcement Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has conducted a raid to collect Trading License from foreign shops in the area. Byrnihat and Nongpoh area and during the raid, they found that there are many foreign shops, which have not been able to renew their Trading Licenses.
The JAINTIA UNION was transformed into the JAINTIA DORBAR in 1921 (one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one) at its meeting held at Dulong, Jowai.
Please confirm that you have not printed.
Shillong: Seven Sordars of Raids in Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, on Tuesday, said that they accept the Sohra District.
On the same day and at the same time, a Sumo (ML05 1251) carrying churchgoers to the Presbytery Nongpyndeng Church has collided with another vehicle at Nongsba Maweit. at Mawtynrong Church, it overturned and caused injuries to the churchgoers.
Therefore, we don't have to ask for more,” he said.
Automobiles acts include a) Headlights with high beam and dipped, b) Red lights.
“On behalf of the AITC, we will provide financial assistance to the families of the deceased of T.5 lakh and will also provide support to those injured in this incident,” he said.
The training was conducted by Bah HK Thabah ADC, RO of 34-Mawshynrut Assembly Constituency. (ECI), in terms of the Model Code of Conduct, which includes the activities of Flying Squad Teams, Static Surveillance Teams and others.
The introduction of schools through schools has benefited the children of the people in terms of social thinking, education, knowledge and ability to work in the offices of the British Government besides the liberation. from foolishness, from backwardness, and from being overcome by others, he says.
C.Pynsakhiat July 7, 2020 The Behdieñkhlam is a witness to the world, a special nation according to God.
Ïawlar said that the names of the robbers have not been released, but the youths who asked them said that one of them did not claim to be from Riangdo, another from Thadwang, one from Nongstoiñ. Maw ïonglumsyntiew, while the woman has not been found yet because she has fled.
On the other hand, the Umroi MLA urged that full time BDOs should be appointed, as so far there are only 8 blocks with full time BDOs while 38 blocks have been appointed temporarily. to the development works related to the rural areas.
Leaders of the 6-Shnong Wah Lukha Association, Secretary Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, Min Lamare, Wah Lukha Village Head, Michael Suchen and others were present on the occasion.
In another SPL U-18 match, Nongkrem SC beat Rangdajied United 2-3
