This is a ritual to be held 10 months before the Shad Ñiam Behdieñkhlam in the Raij Jowai and the purpose of it is to thank and honor the blessings received and to pray for more. Soo Langdoh Soo Raij for peace, prosperity and freedom from many kinds of challenges of the natural world.
His second wife, Anna Torv, a journalist, with whom he had been married for 30 years, divorced in 1999 and after that, he married Wendi Deng. released in 2013.
especially in these days when the work in the state and the district as a whole has been severely affected.
It is expected that such treatment will be conducted in other villages in the coming days.
“These residents of Mawkhan Pasir have also discovered the misuse of public money by unidentified persons through the RTI report which they have received since the 4th of this month. July this year
The KDA has demanded that the department should immediately pay the salaries of the three persons including Lambhalang Kharngi, Lindaris Marbaniang and Santimary Rynjah.
Of these 68 cases, 24 cases are from Golflink cluster, 11 high risk contacts, one from IGP cluster, one from ILI cluster, 3 cases from Laban cluster, 5 cases from Madanryting cluster and 2 people returned from abroad.
Elect me because I can do the job, because I have the knowledge, because I have the understanding and because I am in a party that has no connection to the north (Delhi),” she said.
This includes selflessness, dedication, giving gifts and working for the building of one's nation.
As they began to talk, love began to burn between them.
At the same time, the union has also ordered the closure of banks and offices in Mawlai.
Replying to a question on this today, Joshi declined to comment on the matter but referred to the MPCC. ", said Joshi.
2021-2022 is the year of garbage for Jowai : Since October 2021, after the protest of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and 7 villages near the garbage dump in Mynkjai, Jowai has not don't get a complete garbage dump.
Shooting, shooting, cycling, fencing, athletics, lawn tennis, badminton and golf have been allowed to open.
Through this decision, Hr.Sec.School teachers will receive ₹33,000/-, Sec.School teachers will receive ₹29,000/- and Science teachers will receive ₹31,0
Through intensive care, the baby showed improvement and was discharged on July 22, 2023.
It was upgraded to Full State status from 21.01.1972 Under the above quota, 40 percent was allocated for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, 5 percent. other Scheduled Tribes (STs) of the State.
The Chief Minister will take the salute of the army, police and school children who will march pass at the venue followed by a speech by the Chief Minister. place.
She said she would fight the charges at any time and as necessary and is currently waiting for a written statement on this as she has not received any written statement.
Therefore, it would not be appropriate for anyone to claim that the present records are correct.
The truck owners have warned the JHTOA leaders that if they cannot convene a meeting on this issue, they will not hesitate to create or find another way.
The audition was conducted by SD Shylla, District Tourism Officer, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Bah Kmenlang Shylla and NPYF office bearers. 1- Nartiang Constituency.
“We have tried to meet the Prime Minister six times, but he has promised to hear and for two years now he has been hearing without any answer,” he said.
I want to join this association.
Puramon Kynjin as the Chief Guest of the Shlem HikaiTynre since 1997, in his speech, praised the efforts of the students to hold this day in honor of the teachers who are like the Shlem HikaiTynre. A light that provides warmth and enlightenment to the children about the culture and traditions.
Poverty breeds a lot of unpleasant things in society.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: U David Zonun Sanga, 39, has lost his life after drowning in the Wah Nonbah in the center of the city. Nongstoiñ and which also falls within the boundary of Speng Thawlangmlah Village of New Nongstoin Village.
The meeting said that the letter has been sent since 26/07/2023 and the 7 day deadline has expired on 02/08/2
I will have to answer with bloodshed.
Before they left, Marchborn's mother greeted and gave Rs 500/- to her friend.
Speaking to reporters, he said they have expressed their feelings and he has encouraged them and hopes that he will take his decision in due course.
Speaking at an election campaign rally convened by the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Jatah Circle at Jatah on 20th June, 2023, Banteidor said, “The changes have changed. I have come in the past five years through the cooperation with you the people and I have no doubt that you yourselves will give me back the job as your leader”.
Shillong, Lber 6: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Abu Taher Mondal, today said that he has received a request from Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit (MLA) to discuss through an adjournment motion on the increase in violence against women. in the state.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: More than six months have passed since the MDA government came to open the Rimuliang C&RD Block in Nonglang.
“Every seedling should be given to the child to plant at the time he starts school, it is also the responsibility of the child to take care of the tree so that it will grow,” he said.
Dr. Nongtdu also urged the Rotary Club Jowai to start its operations in East Jaintia Hills in order to provide the best service to the community.
The crematorium has been constructed on the bypass road from Khliehtyrshi to Treiongriang thanks to the hard work of the Jowai Municipal Board and members of the Hindu Samaj Committee. village in Jowai.
Speaking at a special mass today at Syiem Jingsuk Parish, Amlarem for the consecration of Deacon Marcellinus Riawed War as the new Priest of the Catholic Church, he said that the lyngkor of the Priest is the lyngkor of the Catholic Church. The Good Shepherd (Jesus) to save not himself, but people.
Thus came the Nongri thlen among the Khasi.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia has demanded from the SDO Civil Amlarem Sub Division to relocate the trucks parked on the highway from Tamabil Bakur to Amlarem and from Tamabil Bakur to Dawki. the public.
The launch of the aircraft is expected to take place from June 2023.
The Longkmie, alleged that the attempt to rob her of her land, started in 2019, after she refused to give it to him at the time of his death. She had asked for T.12 lakh to buy the land which is about 12 bikas in size, but since the day she refused at the time he wanted to buy it, he has been start by cleaning up your place.
Bah Shadap said that all the paradoh parasnam who have the spirit to participate in this competition are welcome.
Explaining briefly on this issue, Bah Adelbert said that the word Roster System has shocked many young job seekers, through the order of the High Court of Meghalaya in June this year.
“Yes, Mother, I want to tell you that I too will come to the market...” The son replied, “What are you going to do, son...? “I'm going to follow Daplin,” asked the mother.
The categories include team events, singles and doubles events, junior and junior events for boys and girls and senior singles events.
NG/apptt/4/2013/2055) issued on 02nd November, 2013, has been sent to all Deficit Secondary/Higher Secondary Schools through the District School Education Officers. deficit secondary and higher secondary schools run by non-religious schools in the state.
People whether from Seinraij Mukhla or friends from other raij are not allowed to attend this Behdieñkhlam in order to comply with the government's rules and regulations regarding the curfew.
Shillong, July 08: The Minister in charge of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Tuesday said that the PHE department will complete the project by November to supply water to 5.32 lakh households. They are households under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
“Thus saith the LORD, Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD” (Jeremiah 17:5).
No one died at all.
There will be a grand celebration to welcome the jubilee with traditional and religious dances.
The West Jaintia Hills Police today blocked all the trucks coming from Shillong on the Jowai Bypass to allow the East Jaintia Hills Police to escape. to relieve the traffic jam that has been going on since yesterday.
“Out of 100%, only 30% has not been completed, the money of the people has been wasted, the Federation will monitor the earthquake.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP and Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in Ri Bhoi District have strongly condemned the shooting death of Bah Disnarling L. Lyngdoh by truck drivers at the FCI Godown at Mawsmai, Jerobad. we're afraid.
This scheme is provided by the Government of India to the people living in the border areas with other countries.
Speech was delivered by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the Party who explained the principles of the Party and why the Party travels around Ri Khasi Jaintia to explain the principles so that the people The people should renew the election of leaders whether they are MDCs, MLAs or MPs.
Thus Culture is closely related to Peace.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will hoist the flag in Shillong, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong will hoist the flag in Nongstoin and Speaker Timothy D Shira will hoist the flag in Sohra.
“He also expressed his concern over the spread of drugs in the Mawlai area.
He said that in 2011 there were 130 cases of batbot, while in 2012 it increased to 164, in 2013 it increased to 183 but in 2014 it dropped to
He said that the project will be completed in November before the puja.
It was also seen through the documents that the Soil has provided assistance to 10 people to raise pigs and has given T.5000 tyngka each. Those who received T.14,000 tyngka also received T.5000 tyngka for pig farmers.
The Minister of Agriculture, Deborah Marak and the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary said that more money is needed to make it efficient.
This is what the Deputy Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Deputy Speaker said.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: The National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) of the National People's Party Youth Front (NPPYF) of Warsanlyngdoh Area and Langrin Area in the spirit of responsibility for the environment have organized a tree planting program at the ground floor of Pyndeng-Umjaraiñ Upper Primary School.
The Chief Minister said that he has allocated Mairang district as West Khasi Hills District is one of the backward districts in the state. Hills District.
If you look closely at many of the Governors in India, they are only those people who are unemployed, who have been defeated and rejected by the people in elections, and have been appointed. to them in the position of being the representatives of the government in power in New Delhi.
He said that all those who wish to start their businesses, should inform the District authorities and follow the rules and regulations laid down by the State Government, in which the opening and manner of social distancing, according to the location of these different places.
He said that the Sengbhalang will ensure that 12/14 shaka trucks should no longer enter and that other trucks should run according to the stipulated time and if they fight or violate the rules, two parties shall make another decision to punish.
The essence of Indian society, which is older than society in the western part of the world, is the belief in Vasudhaiva kutumbhakam, that all people are one.
When contacted, the writer asked, “When will this talk come to fruition?” and the Prime Minister replied that he will issue a directive to the government departments on these talks.
Ms Deline also spoke to the members of the leadership of the Iatreilang Village Organization, Lawshlem, who attended the ceremony.
Coke, in a statement, responded to Ronaldo's remarks, saying that everyone has their own taste and that not all people have the same taste. .
Doctors from NEGHRIMS, the state health department, social welfare officers and students of the college took part in the group march inside the college grounds to keep this day.
A little bit about the Shad Sukra festival:This Shad Sukra festival has been held since ancient times, it starts from the last month of October to the month of June every year. The Seiñ Raij Tuber started with the Ryngkaw Kñia and then on the Hat (Market Day) or Kyllaw, the Ryngkaw Kñia was completed by all the children of the Seiñ. Raij Tuber should not go to work on the day of Kyllaw, the Lyngdoh, the Lyngdoh, the Wasan all it is their sum day and on this day of Kyllaw at midnight the Lyngdoh and the Wasan At about 1 pm, the Shathoh kñia is performed at the Iung Blai Lyngdoh in Tuberkmai Shnong. After this, the Lyngdoh takes the seed and plants it in the field as a sign of completion. Lyngdoh for the sowing of seeds and in the morning when the kñia is over, the sowing of seeds is over, they will hold a hkanad Sukra, the children of Bri shnong Khyndaw (which includes the children of thousands of those who are not from These Sein Raij Shnongs can perform this ritual and Sukra dance only after the Lyngdoh of the Sein Riaj Tuber has performed it at the Iung Blai.
“If they come at this time, we will be able to talk to the elders so that the people can get an explanation,” said the Nongkrem MDC.
Mrs. Beautiful Smile was won by Biorist Thangkhiew from Nongjri, Mrs. Cat Walk by Aibianglin Lapang from Nongjri, Mrs. Photogenic by Livaralis Mawrie from Pahamsyiem Nongpoh and Mrs. Beautiful Eyes by Syiemlieh Syiemliew from Lakyntiew. Lumumpih and Mrs. Perfect were won by Sinaris Lyngdoh of Umsamlem.
One of the methods in Khasi-Jaintia is to put the phan in a house with many rynsan and cover these phan with dry shyiap.
It is on this basis that the Ri Bhoi Police have conducted this programme, so that they can explain to the youth how to avoid the use of alcoholic beverages and also Shillong: After the re-establishment of the political party in Meghalaya by the former MLA of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the The UDP did not want to comment on the new emergence of the party in the state. He said that the UDP does not want to interfere in the work of others, as it depends on their own wishes. and it is always up to the people to decide which party is right for them because the people know better.
“We have sent a report to the government on the public hearing and it is up to the government to take the necessary action,” said Bah Swer.
US President Donald Trump today expressed his desire to postpone the presidential elections scheduled for this year. it can lead to fraud in the elections.
Nixon Joseph, AGM of SBI in Garo Hills today convened an emergency meeting of SBI officers, and at the meeting they decided to issue a request to the groups that kidnapped Arvind Kumar, BM of Ampati, said that he should be released immediately.
Besides, prizes were also awarded to three outstanding participants.
Amlarem Police have raided Nongbareh Rim, about 23 kilometers from Amlarem and on the border with Bangladesh, at 3 pm today. single barreled rifle, from one house.
The ARPA MDCs opposed the introduction of sub section (XVI) of Section 5 which states, “The EC of Hima or Raid or Shnong may from time to time issue bans, prohibitions on the entry and exit of non-Khasis into the village.
"For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ."1 Thessalonians 5:9
The life of slaves and fugitives was not a life amidst spectacle or merriment.
The Chief Secretary invited the participation and cooperation of the villages and all stakeholders such as KHADC, Dorbar Shnongs, and various organizations to explain this.
The statement said that in the attack, the child sustained injuries to her right face, neck, abdomen and other parts of the body.
Perhaps even if they win half in Khasi Jaintia Hills, it will be in the 24 constituencies in Rilum because in these areas the contest will be between the NPP, TMC and some with the BJP or individual candidates among others.
The State has given priority to the ASHAs to pay their wages and to avoid delaying the payment of wages as much as possible.
Behind the victory was the good performance of Pynishai Lathong who led the team to Nangbah Mulang to win the title with two goals.
“The success of the Aspirational District program has encouraged me,” he said.
“To be an MLA without responsibility is meaningless,” he said, adding that even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, he has fought hard to accomplish many tasks.
“You speak by the power of the devil and you speak by the devil,” said Bah Donbor.
Shillong: There have been 127 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 95 cases in East Khasi Hills and 94 cases in the state.
However, is this the truth from within or is it from the outside from some of the leaders of the Seng?
One of the deceased was a government employee, Dinesh Das, who died of electric shock in the area within the boundary of the MLA Hostel. Police said that the victim was arrested in Dispur District.
He said that this day will remind everyone to be ready to contribute for the year without any expectation of reward.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 16: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits and prohibits against persons or groups of persons from illegally mining and quarrying shyiap within 10 days. wah Refugee.
Joseph Khonglah, an elder from Lumpariat Jowai, said, “Jowai is neither a city nor a village because it has only the reputation of a city, but it has lost many opportunities for development.
Then there were the two incidents in June and July, the Office Memorandum of the Personnel Department which said that the reservation should be based on the Roster System and the second was the vacancy announcement. to a national group.
It is worth mentioning that Dr DD Lapang, who was the Chief Leader of the Congress party, in 2018, left the Congress party and joined the NPP party. The MPCC, VH Pala, said that there is no pressure to invite Dr Lapang to join the Congress party.
On July 12, Frankie Laloo lodged a complaint with the police that at 9 pm on July 11, robbers stole a mobile phone from his vehicle (ML-05M-7 Sumer NH-6 is located in Ri-Bhoi.
“Two or three enforcement personnel along with the police have been put on duty to stay overnight to ensure that the trucks passing through the dam should not carry more than 20 tonnes,” he said.
Last month, the NIA together with the Jharkhand Police seized several firearms from a dense forest in Kamdara area of ​​Gumla district in Jharkhand. regarding the conduct of a raid and the conduct of an investigation into the existence of PLFI's money laundering.
At the same time, she alleged that in fact, the members of NEHUSU had left in the evening on the 7th June at 1:30 pm and at this time, the President of NEHUSU, Samla Genuica. Majaw went to walk on campus and at this time, she was harassed by the employees working in the area and on this, she told the members of the union, where they went to talk to the these workers should not be rude.
On the other hand, the drivers of commercial vehicles, have expressed their disappointment because they have been stuck until midday which has caused them to lose their livelihood, and even the school children, have not found time to drive to the school. you are reading your book.
At the same time, the Chief Minister and others also cut the 25th Anniversary Cake and released a Souvenir of the school.
Sunriser's Bah S.Kharbih scored the third goal in the 49th minute and the fourth goal for Sunriser in the 49th minute. Rangbah Mawlai scored an own goal.
It is also said that it can make a person rich only by praising in the name of Sati by saying "In the name of Sati Sharyngkuid who has great power become a great street" and if we need anything, it is done.
We cannot take them seriously, and allegations during elections are only to get votes.
“The Chief Engineer (PWD) of Meghalaya should show the power to punish the officers who have done wrong and to encourage the engineers who work properly but if he does not, the CSWO will file a PIL with the High Court. Court for negligence in government affairs, fraud and corruption,” she said.
Not only that, the lack of color on the road which has been covered with mawbah and which has appeared on the ground without seeing the road.
Vyommitra speaks two languages ​​and will be conducted and explained by ISRO scientists. The female robot was unveiled at a conference held in Bengaluru. .
“We have set a target to open 233 petrol pumps in Meghalaya including 199 on the National Highway and 34 in rural areas,” he said.
““After seeing the statement, we once again spoke to the DC by telephone and he said that we have already met with him before this regarding the procession and he also informed us that the authorization for this was suspended.
“If he wins as MLA, he doesn't want to end up in the distribution of MLA schemes, tine schemes or house repair schemes because all these can be done by officers.
To the west are the villages of Mawthar, Mawduh and the oldest village in the area, Sangriang.
PHH rice – 5 kilos per head at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo and Non-NFSA rice at the price not exceeding Rs.14.00 per head. weight.
Die Tires3.
The MoU was signed between the Union Minister in charge of Electricity and New and Renewable Energy, Government of India, RK Singh and the Minister in charge of the Government of Saudi Arabia. Abdulaziz bin Salman Al-Saud at the MENA Climate Week in Riyadh today.
KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit would like to clarify as follows: This is a statement by Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit. I don't have a BA...I'm in class 8/12Pass.
You must understand your duty as a citizen. You must understand that all the activities you face every day go hand in hand with political activities. and we, from the water we drink to the road we walk on appear in any way politically motivated.
Furthermore, according to the latest reports, the BJP and the AAP have not been able to form a government because they do not want to cooperate with anyone.
Besides, the District Magistrate said that the erection of these illegal toll gates for the purpose of collecting money has also caused traffic jam, inconvenience among the passengers. by vehicles and also causing accidents.
Skin.
He said that this day is a special day because with the participation of the students it has been a good opportunity to take the opportunity to educate them through the training so that they will not lose anything. but as school children, they should be children who live their lives to succeed in their studies.
These measures were announced by the Minister of State for Education – Basantakumar Singh at a press conference held in Imphal.
Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat has won the title for the sixth time and this is the 9th Chief Minister's District Athletics Meet This year's tournament started on the 3rd of June, 2023 and ended on the 5th of June, 2023 with the participation of 26 schools and 824 players from the school came to participate.
In this world you will have forty kinds of troubles but you will have peace of mind and heart (John 16:33).
Tura: Nine persons have been arrested for stealing questions of the Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET). until this day.
He said that the state police department has taken special measures to curb and fight against drugs in the state.
The Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, said that the states in the North East except Assam, do not have enough revenue to meet their own needs and the suspension of assistance by the central government has affected the economy. they.
SUPER WOMANYou're right.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Sohra Challenge today sent a letter to the State Government to address the delays in the work of various government departments in the Sohra area and the neglect of the area by many. sides.
Shillong, July 24 : A team of experts from Nagaland on Thursday visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to observe and understand the working methods of the Council in the state. protection of the rights of indigenous peoples in relation to land.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPSCTA) has decided to resume an indefinite strike after a meeting with the Additional Chief Secretary of the State Government. Mr. Donald P. Wahlang is unprecedented.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Until now, the best known political party is the Seng U Khasi (SBUK), but now another political party has emerged called 'Kam danda u Rangdajied'
The prize money for the winner is T.5000 and the runner up is T.2
The expert team comprising Dr. Samir Das, Senior Scientist, Dr. AA Prince Milton, Scientist, ICAR RC NEH and Mr. Bankit K. Mukhim SMS (Fisheries), Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Ri-Bhoi This program in which they shared their knowledge and understanding on the cleanliness and hygiene in the meat harvesting industry and those involved in this industry.
On the other hand, Ma Sniawbha said that the work has progressed well and for the ICCC Project about 75% has been completed and the deadline for completion has been set by 31st October
He said the question was also for whom the responsibility is and how much they still want to bear the debt and will cause trouble to the employees of this department.
Referring to the state of peace and order in the state, Kharkongor said that the state is peaceful in the run-up to the elections.
“Because when he was the Chief Minister of the state, he did not do anything to resolve the border issue and now that this government has moved forward to complete this task, they are against it and they are like those. that the sheep did not jlew.
On the other hand, L.Talang Genl.
Police on duty at Sepikol today seized 13 Assam trucks and when they seized these trucks it was found that all of them were carrying coal.
Shillong: U Biplab Kr Basak, Branch Manager of SBI Happy Valley, Shillong, on Tuesday complained that some robbers had tried to break into the bank.
The truth is that the government has a good intention for the Kharmetor but it is the Kharmetor who are willing to stay in this area and there are those among them who have a bad intention. for their own personal gain.
Kseh Sylle Ialong SC beat Mulang Ialong SC 3-2 in the Above 18 Knockout Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
Sohra will play against Morningstar College, Shillong and Seng Khasi College will play against Union Christian College, Umiam.
Vivek said the arrested person has been working as a garbage collector and garbage cleaner from Mali at the Shillong Cantonment Board since
But even if the Israelites did not accept him, God chose 12,000 from each tribe of Israel from among the 12 tribes.
In West Khasi Hills, there are two cases, one health worker and one high risk.
Shillong, June 05: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today evening released its manifesto for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
She also alleged that many areas which have been violently cut down by trees have started in other areas and demanded to fill up the 4 feet tunnel which has been destroyed.
He said the two political parties have discussed the need for the parties to decide how to proceed for the preparation for the MP elections under the umbrella of the RDA. The meeting today will be held to inform all the members of the HSPDP and UDP and we will strengthen this group and we will also allow them to discuss for the preparation of the MP elections by allowing them to discuss first within the the UDP and HSPDP, he added.
This will be announced in the next few days.
Eternal life is a complex subject and to the Jews the criteria for eternal life was strict observance of the Law or the Covenant.
Standing on your own feet is not an easy task, it requires a lot of things that we should not underestimate.
Another match will be played on Monday, in Zone 1, East Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association will play against West Khasi Hills District and in Zone 2, West Khasi Hills District will play against West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association. Cricket Association against South Garo Hills District Cricket Association.
It is a potent team up front.
The government's position on this issue is in line with the vision of the HSPDP,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Referring to the demand of many to appoint a committee of inquiry, the Lamphang said, “We will appoint a committee of inquiry anywhere like IIT Delhi, IIT Guwahati except IIT Roorkee which has given the this is your design".
Chinese troops have raided an Indian army base in Mukhpari, Yangon, carrying money, money and other items. Rezang-La is located in the east of Ladakh.
Shillong, July 16: The Media Cell of the VPP today lodged a complaint against a Facebook account called VPP Dent Vpp Dent, for making rude comments against the VPP. President of the Seng, Mr. Ardent Miller.
The counting of votes will be held on October 2, 2019, but one thing we know clearly is that the Executive Committees in the Khasi and Jaintia District Councils will be ruled by the synrop groups in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. Unfortunately, it will be the Congress, because it is not in the opposition in the State Legislative Assembly and therefore it will not be able to form an Executive Committee in these two District Councils. It will not be able to reach a maximum of 15 MDCs in both the Councils.
In the semi final, Nongstoin College beat Nongstoiñ College 1-0
Long trains will be waiting for you, especially when they come night and day, along with all kinds of people, who have different purposes and characteristics.
Virat Kohli and Mohammed Siraj will be the first two players to leave for London for the final of the World Test Championship (WTC) on Tuesday morning.
Dr John Sailo, 69, owner of the hospital, died at 2.30 pm.
Until now, the polling station with the lowest turnout was Rynli with 73.22 percent.
Perhaps there is a need for a stronger and clearer method of translation in this regard to understand clearly in our native Khasi language.
In the meetings we often find that whoever is tied is given a job.
The commercial complex at Polo will have 94 shops and about 100 parking spaces.
B Chyrmang, Secretary JYF East Jaintia Hills District said that the deterioration of this road has put the lives of the drivers and residents of the area at risk.
In the U-18 boys and girls, St. Paul's HSS won, in the U-16 girls, St. Paul's HSS won. Alfred's Secondary School Marngar and in the boys' category, St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School.
In a tie breaker, 12mer beat Mawpynthih 3 to 4 goals to win the title.
In a way, this elevation of our King has been a source of great joy to us.
Because in the world, there is an empty incompleteness, which is filled with price.
It is learned that when the police got out of the vehicle of Dr. Mukul Sangma, all the passengers were frightened and they too got out of the vehicle. He was shocked at that time because the vehicles were coming out of the house.
Wanraplang Thubru will go on to take part in the World Fitness Federation Mr. & Ms. East India Zonal Body Building Championship to be held in Sikkim on 6 November, 2022.
At present, the political parties that have announced their candidates for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency include the Congress – Bah Vincent H. Pala and the Voice of the People Party (VPP). ), Dr. Ricky A.J.Syngkon.
According to Bhanusib, it is understood that there has been a dispute over the boundary between the two Himas of Mawsynram and Dwara Nongtyrnem, which has been going on for many years. The victims were the Ri Kynti and not the raid, as in Mawsynram.
Describing this new policy as one of the best policies in the country, the Minister said, “This is also in line with the goal of the State to reach a 10 billion dollar economy”.
This all happened because the DAE was allowed to operate with a selection of scientists (and only a few fee-paying students).
The Emwazi family is now on the run after their son's involvement in the genocide was revealed. .
“Why doesn't it affect, it affects everything from the ears, face, hands and so on,” explained the father.
Fredrick, who is currently in Shillong, confirmed that as soon as he receives information, his office will immediately call the media to announce the date of the election.
Money for income, money for food is not allowed to enter the house, but now in the MLA election 2018 it has turned into a shambles.
In West Garo Hills, there are 13 cases and these are civilians.
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra today slammed the BJP for proposing to provide free covid 19 vaccine only to those from Bihar.
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has been able to hold the tournament again after two years since the tournament was suspended due to the collapse of the Shillong Sports Association. Covid-19 pandemic in
?" he spoke first.
I don't have time, I just use my mobile because since there are no online classes we don't have mobile.
DBPP President Tobias R. Marak, Vice President Thomas Passah and others led the distribution of these headscarves as a Christmas gift to more than 100 market vendors.
Sahsniang PHC was awarded the Top Performing PHC Award for the implementation of the MHIS and Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Pradhan. Public Health Scheme) (AB PM- JAY).
According to this Act, men can marry after they have reached the age of 21 years and women cannot be less than 18 years of age.
In 2014, the corridor was opened for freight rail.
She also holds the first place in the AIBA World Women's Light Flyweight category.
Inspector General of Police (L&O)Shillong.
During the inspection, they found that the Myntdu River is covered with plastic waste and all kinds of garbage that people throw into the river.
Be careful not to be misled by the public especially in the villages.
She just knew he was back home.
This is what can control high blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease.
Many experts from around the world as well as in India have studied and conducted research on this oil palm and how its cultivation can change the appearance and functioning of the environment.
Lady Keane beat Nongstoin College 2-1 on the opening day and St. Anthony's in the second. , beat NEHU in the third match.
Shillong: Leaders of the CoMSO, have started distributing leaflets to the people to explain on the ILP. They came to the market and stayed in the market.
Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa has announced that he will step down on Tuesday following violent protests in Sri Lanka. that bun bun month not ladep.
In another incident, on 27th June, 2018, a complaint was lodged at Jowai Police Station after a child was raped by Francis Suchiang.
Prasad's remarks came after reporters asked questions about Modi's "Quit India" campaign against the opposition after the formation of the INDIA group. a bunch of corrupt people, violent dictators and a politics of ethnic appeasement.
“It is Parliament that creates States and destroys States,” he said.
However, during this curfew, it is a great blessing to the Christians in Shillong, or to those who have internet access and that is that instead of going to a church and They listened to a story on the theme of Good Friday, but through youtube and cable tv, they were able to hear beautiful and beautiful songs from different churches in Shillong and beyond. great and famous speakers, to tell of the truths of the death of Jesus Christ.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday rejected the demand for Article 371 of Ardent Basaiawmoit, saying that this is a terrible threat to the nation, as it will completely abolish the district councils.
They also carried placards with various slogans demanding, some slogans demanding the erection of a signboard from the border, the transfer of the DC Jowai and others.
Also present on the occasion were Rambrai Jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang, Mawshynrut MDC Morning Mawsor, Kimfa Marbaniang Rambrai MDC, church members and others.
Catherine Kharkongor opened the scoring for Lumparing in the 15th minute.
The teacher, Kong B Rynjah, said that every problem they face, they complain to the MLA as a father and she said that the whole school is lyngkrang without a fence and the children when they play, they go to the school. road and for a long time they have been looking for this well.
Shillong Circle: JSU Circle President Lawyerson War and President Shillong Circle President Lawyerson War have been invited to attend the ceremony. Treiborlang R Suchen and members of the union, today met with the HR of GVK, Amanda Warjri and other officials of GVK. The salaries of the workers who have been counted while the workers under the banner of MEMRIWU were calling for a strike, which lasted for about 3 days.
To ensure quality education for all children under the RTE Act 2009, the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan West Jaintia Hills District has conducted a special Orientation Program for parents and school authorities.
They are also the ones who still hold the most important customs from generation to generation in terms of trade, customs and social relations.
Of these, 10 were from outside the country and 18 were from outside the country.
On the other hand, the RBYF Western Zone, would like to thank Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, for donating many food items to the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi and especially to those who The poor families, who have been facing difficulties in these days, since the lockdown.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The District Election Officer (DEO) of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, today informed all voters that according to the directive of the Election Commission of India (ECI), He urged the Elector Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) to bring their Elector Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) on that day at their polling stations for verification. before they cast their votes.
Dr War said that 203 people were tested positive in Pynthor block at Ram Niwaz compound and four of them were positive. In Rilbong, 62 people were tested by RT-PCR. the resolution will be applied.
At the same time, it was said that many of the online platforms that exist are not available in the languages ​​that most people speak or use and this makes it very difficult for the people to express their grievances.
“Oh you said so.
“We have to protect the environment, the least we can do is to plant trees, trees give us oxygen, if we cut down trees, the time will come when we will have to buy oxygen. “They said in a statement sent by the Education Secretary, Lumshnong Unit.
Expressing his intention to nominate himself as a candidate for the Lok Sabha election from Shillong Constituency, Bah Kharjahrin said, “If the people give their support in 2024, Bah Robertjune does not need to go anymore. I have met with MPs to demand that they should do or implement the needs of the country and the nation but I myself must say that I have to do the needs of the country and the nation.
“There are suppliers who say that due to the lack of imports from abroad, we cannot increase the price,” said Shadap from Smit, who sells jhur in Khyndailad.
It is learned that these households use domestic lights with more than 7 bulbs.
However, what is the most pressing concern for parents these days is drug abuse.
The Syiem of Sohra and the EC of Sohra have issued a resolution on the name.
Looking at other nations, we can see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation.
The BJP has opened the best opportunity for me to serve the society, the state and the country as a whole.
Shillong: A group of teachers who passed the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) today expressed their concern that the Government will think differently after other groups. Teachers who failed to pass the MTET examination have come out in the past months to demand that the government should confirm their jobs.
Being able to drink plenty of water will help cleanse and keep the liver healthy.
It is to be recalled that for the 2023 season, the SSA has been able to hold all its tournaments, which is also according to its calendar.
The Congress youths have applied for permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today.
It is to be recalled that the KJBWA has staged a protest by stopping the purchase of cows from Khanapara market and also to temporarily slaughter cows as a sign of strong opposition to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh. The price of beef in the state has increased from time to time due to the difficulty in getting beef for slaughter in the state.
II/62, dated 17th March 2020, which has been issued for a license of not less than 5 (five) years.
MUDA will ensure that the construction of these land is in accordance with the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act,
“We have also seen that the attempt to draw the line is not new but it has been since 2011 and we don't know which is wrong and which is right, but the government will answer,” he said.
Revelation Eating 2.
Dangshen was also awarded the Chief Ministers' Sports Person of the Month Award by the State Sports Department.
Shillong, Nailar 02: After a meeting with Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who was interviewed by the AICC leaders today, he went to have a drink with Bah Vincent H Pala. and other Congress MDCs.
“The Central Government wants the youth from this area to join various departments of the Central Government.
Mumbai City FC coach Igor Stimac has called up Mumbai City FC goalkeeper Phurba Lachenpa and Bengaluru FC Suresh Singh Wangjam. Suresh Singh Wangjam is undergoing treatment for a hamstring injury and may not be selected until he is fully fit.
“We should take advantage of this opportunity which has a strong will in politics and not in the previous governments, which have only spoken words,” he said. this problem.
She said she has already met with various leaders in all 36 constituencies from religious leaders, political party leaders, and she trusts in God to give her the opportunity.
On the other hand, the Administrator of GHADC, Dr Vijay Kumar urged the employees to come to work so that the work will not be affected and in terms of salary, we will try to do as much as possible.
Debor Kesaar scored 11', Arlangki Nongsiej 45'+1, Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw 58', 72' and Bishar Kharummuid 76'
Today, Shillong received 18.2mm of rainfall and Umiam 4.3mm.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today submitted eight recommendations on the government's preparation to review the Reservation Policy.
At this meeting at the Archbishop's House, Laitumkrah, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to Barla for his visit and invited him to come back during the Christmas holidays in Shillong. .
Marriage is permitted, provided that the number of married couples is limited to one-third of the number of seats.
The villagers who saw the incident immediately tried their best to help by digging and cleaning the ground but the collapsed ground managed to enter the house, on the other hand. which led to the tragedy.
Shillong, July 15: To curb the increase in violence against women, the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards Department (MCDF) will conduct training programs for women in the state on how to protect themselves in such cases. to be free from rape and abuse.
During the hearing of the case, the complainants said that even after the order issued by the court, there has been no collection of garbage especially from the residents of Jowai.
The union also expressed its special gratitude to the Sawsymper Sumo Driver Owners Association for their full support to the union.
The family members of the deceased yesterday went to collect the body but as the post mortem has to be completed, they have not been able to bring the body to their village tonight for the burial. .
He said that the government's delay in releasing and transporting the coal has caused problems to many of those who earn their living from the coal mining industry.
The State Government on November 2, 2021 has promised to pay the salaries and arrears of the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board under the Fifth Pay Commission by Christmas.
The Deputy Commissioner in his speech said that the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordar Shnongs and teachers are the most important ones who can educate the youth and encourage them to register their names on the Electoral Roll.
Hi, I'm a guy (3o) looking for independent girl or woman for chatting n sharing, sms on this no.
Other winners among the AAP leaders were Manish Sisodia, Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi.
The belief of the ancients was based on manhood and maturity or on strength and weakness and on the dorbar shongkun and shongblei, but nowadays, there are many ways of governing the kingdom, which we have going beyond those we have forgotten and the rule of law, it has been seen that it has gone and followed the philosophy of India or what is called electoral democracy and therefore, this is the time. that there should be a consciousness of intellectuals to immediately resolve or completely eliminate the difference between a man and a woman.
The Minister said that the two states have decided to deploy the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) as a non-partisan patrol force in the areas where there is no conflict.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ardent said that he is still in good health and he does not know when he will start to lose his strength if he continues to fast.
These intoxicants such as alcohol, marijuana, drugs and other intoxicants are the enemies of man.
As your friend, brother, sister, I am confident that I can be your voice in Parliament and in Meghalaya.
In their speeches, the owners of the houses congratulated the leaders of the Orphan Children Foundation for their spirit to help the orphans.
Himalaya M Shangpliang, MLA from Mawsynram, has joined the BJP in Meghalaya. The question is how much the people will accept the BJP in Meghalaya. you are a Christian.
We are beginning to realize how much it affects our wallets when we have to buy water every month and every month.
Tein said that all the proceeds will be shared in half between the Council and the Mawphlang Hima, which will benefit the Hima and the Mawphlang Village as it will help the youth to find employment.
Moonlight Pariat (UDP) received 10,260 votes.
“And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament” (Hebrews 9:15).
Therefore, the Seng demands that all those involved in this case whose names have been named in the CBI report, including Ampareen Lyngdoh, RC Laloo, PL Tariang, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Remington Pyngrope, Charles Pyngrope, Sanbor Shullai, Prestone Tynsong, AL Hek, Don Kupar Massar, F War, M Pariat, JA Lyngdoh, Lambor Malngiang and JD Sangma, that they should pay the fees by drawing from their own funds to spend them. expenditure on various activities to re-elect teachers of LP Schools in the state.
Khliehriat, July 06: The condition of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District especially in Khliehriat and Narpuh areas has caused a lot of trouble and sadness to the passengers due to the deterioration of the road especially in Khliehriat West and Narpuh areas have been affected by the floods, many vehicles especially small vehicles have been stuck in the water tanks. The National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) has not taken action to maintain the road.
Nongstoiñ, March 24: U Bah Shem Rynñiaw, a young man from Mawshynrut, has announced that he has resigned as President of HANM from the 21st of this month without any reason.
MoU with IBA & DoPAs part of the MoU, IBA & DoP together with its members and affiliated groups will provide support to improve voter information through their various platforms without free of charge, by introducing various programs to empower citizens with knowledge about their voting rights, activities and measures to promote and vote.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : Twenty-nine candidates of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today filed their nomination papers for the 2023 MLA elections.
He said that the jaitbynriew is suffering because there are no clear laws to protect the jaitbynriew.
The Executive Committee of Bakur Village on 13.08.2020 at the Village Office, has decided to request the CEM, EM in political charge and officers of JHADC not to accept the demand for suspension of Lop Stevenson Khonglah and They have arrested the Rangbah Shnong and the EC Bakur because the allegation of these people is false and unfounded.
Loss of weight and improved blood pressure and kidney health.
Nosilchi S.Marak, 8 yr.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Marak said that he has not given schemes to the people from the MLA scheme.
What will end is the national heritage! Not the world! This is the internet world now!? And the world will not end, only the heritage of the nation will end! This world has existed since the beginning, until now, and will exist for forty thousand years! it comes and goes, an era comes and goes! From 2000 years ago until now!If you don't say this, you don't know that you are a human being born of God. I don't know how many times but God didn't do anything in the days of Noah when he flooded the earth. .
Not to mention the youth who have completed only the degree level, tens of thousands of them are still unemployed and the government has not been able to provide them with jobs.
The skills of the Indian Air Force from the helicopter pilots as well as the pilots of the aircraft carriers were demonstrated and there was also a parachute launch of the troops from the sky.
Speaking on the old bridge, the state government through the district authorities have already enforced Section 144 CrPC to prevent the passage of pedestrians. However, after the completion of the construction of the new bridge, the construction of the new bridge has brought great joy to the passengers and there has been no more traffic jam on the road. let's go to the crowd.
There were about 22 children who were killed.
“We will contest alone in the 2018 elections without any alliance,” said General Secretary Bah Witting Mawsor.
Mynken HSS (Ri Bhoi) beat Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS (East Khasi Hills) by 10 points.
Of these, 82 cases are in East Khasi Hills, 20 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in BSF, 15 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 9 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 48 cases in West Garo Hills. BSF and 9 civilians.
At the same time, they request that once the construction is completed, please appoint full time employees by giving jobs to those people who can work, not to those who cannot.
However, after 1991 and 1997, the state has been quick to amend the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act 1971 from time to time in the name of development. Foreign companies to take over the land for 30 years or buy it to set up giant factories and to quickly extract the resources to carry them as water and this has led to The government in 1995 and so on has said that only God can do the damage to the surrounding environment, the flooding of the hills and rivers. The government authorities have also implemented load shedding for hours especially during the final examination of the students. hurt in many ways.
His body will be buried tomorrow at Mawpat.
The people are wiser to judge than to praise themselves like these leaders of this MDA Government. eight before the world.
The program concluded with the words, 'Kindness and mercy is a work that the blind can see and the deaf can hear'
“While the CAA has released only 97 percent of the schedule areas, we are still fighting to get full citizenship and we will ensure that no one will get citizenship because of the CAA,” he said.
The receipt of this additional fund depends on how many people from the village who should benefit from the health schemes provided by the Government.
He said that accidents happen almost every time and when investigating the cause it was found that many of these accidents are due to the rudeness of drivers, drunk driving, use of mobile phones and others.
Not only that, they sent the equipment back to the hospital and waited until the DMHO arrived. After a while, the DMHO arrived and said that the transportation of the The reason why they went to Mawkyrwat is because Mawkyrwat has already been employed.
The 25th Anniversary was celebrated from the 11th to the 13th under the theme “Keep on what you have”.
One thing that should come to mind is that one vote is not equal to five hundred or two thousand.
The Additional District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District has imposed a night curfew in East Jaintia Hills District to curb the spread of the new COVID-19 variant Omicron which has spread in the country.
Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Assam, said that he has already met with Himata Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, where they have arranged to send the Chairman of the Regional Councils soon. The Committee on Border Dispute should visit the areas in the Langpih sector and listen to the wishes of the people whether they want to be in Meghalaya or Assam.
Even the Dorbar Shnong needs to be vigilant and take action on this issue which can seriously affect the community.
The South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SASA) has decided to welcome the New Year and to respect the environment by spreading plastic and other items on the 31st of November. 2023 will be held at 11:45 PM at Phot Mawpon, Mawkyrwat.
The government's allowance of this price capture at the discretion of the sellers has really affected the small business.
The Hope Dance Training Center will be preparing to train children from the age of 3 to 12 years in two parts 1st semester and 2nd semester which will be seven days a month. various styles of contemporary dance.
Therefore, some people call this revolution the “Squash Revolution.
He said that in the past few months, the party has been closely monitoring the situation in the state from the protests of the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit since they held a sit-in in front of the Additional Secretariat. to an indefinite hunger strike that has now reached nine days.
When inquiring about the arrival of these Kukis in Ri Bhoi, a source from the Ri Bhoi Police, said that these Kukis before they came to rest temporarily in the village, They first informed the police and even the village authorities along with their relatives.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the former government led by Dr Mukul Sangma was like a JCB while the present MDA government led by the NPP is like a truck. Dumper pouring into the crowd.
“I am surprised how Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) leader Gurjit Singh is willing to ask for land and money from the government to build 342 houses for them in the European Ward,” said Process.
One of the mothers, speaking on behalf of the family at the last rites of Rida before being buried at the cemetery, read out the letter that Rida wrote before she took her life. and tyllai down.
The meeting was attended by Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the VPP who is also the Lok Sabha MP candidate, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, General Secretary of the VPP Khliehriat Circle and Bah N Dkhar. The meeting was conducted by the Organizing Secretary, Bah Shining Siangshai.
At the same time, Dr Mukul said Shella is one of the constituencies where the Congress has never won since the independence of Meghalaya.
Another suggestion comes not from the experts in charge of roads and paths, but from the people themselves.
Nongpoh: The FKJGP in Ri Bhoi, today launched the distribution of food items to the poorest families in different villages in Ri Bhoi.
The MDA Government has felt the need to promote SHGs and in the past 4 years, it has focused on empowering women through SHGs within the NRLM. 32,000 SHGs have increased by 5 percent in the last 4 years.
The Mawpun Youth Association and the Umlyngka Youth Association in collaboration with TULBA Upper Shillong, left to clean up the Mawpun River from Lumdiengmet to Mawpun Bridge, on the 1st July
The names of the candidates approved by the Central Parliamentary Committee are as follows:-.
It was also recommended that there should be their own Ward Commissioners and that there should be a Shillong Municipal Board as before.
“Until now, there has been no confirmation of the impact on agriculture and the environment or any confirmation regarding the illegal entry of foreign authorities into the area. “When there is a lyndet plan, the rawons have built a railway shuk-shuk-shuk, to accommodate the Khasi who have never been able to ride a railway, but they have to ride a railway. , 'tden' you get the khwai until you get it, then jlang inside the spirit that leads to the fire.
Ahmed is an MLA for five terms and a former Lok Sabha member from the Samajwadi Party.
The deliverance of the Jews is near, they will see Jesus face to face and know that he is their Messiah whom they have rejected, and they will weep bitterly for him.
Regarding the order issued by the KHADC, the residents of the village, alleged that all this work, is a fraud and fraud by the people of Umtyrnga and Nongspung villages. B.Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today held a meeting to encourage the students from Ri Bhoi who have passed the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC). ), has distributed awards to 25 students, 10 students in the SSLC and 15 students in the HSSLC examination of this year's MBOSE.
When they return home with the deceit in their eyes, they fight to go to bed.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, who was also the chief guest at the second part of the Press Day celebrations, said that the relationship between journalists and the government is inevitable. The Prime Minister, while congratulating and congratulating all the journalists, urged them to ensure that the writing does not become biased. spirit to others who read and it is also necessary to expose evil deeds.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The body of Walinda Binong, who passed away on the 27th of June, has been laid to rest. The Mody University in Rajasthan has been closed down today after the last rites.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne, has expressed his surprise at the government's failure to include the KHADC in the Regional Committee. to manage the works relating to the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Furthermore, the KHADC will comply with the provisions of the Street Vendors Act
So after many centuries, this prophecy was fulfilled.
Ways you can prevent these problems : What you should not do : You should not avoid child care providers : You should not delay seeing a doctor if your child has witnessed fever and headache .
Horse riders from Assam, Meghalaya and Nagaland will showcase their skills from jumping, running and others.
One patient is a 27-year-old employee of the Regional Medical Research Center in Dibrugarh district and the other is a 50-year-old man from Guwahati.
At this meeting, thousands of farmers came forward with placards to express to the government that they are in dire need as farmers.
From migrant workers, school, college and university teachers, farmers, doctors, nurses, health workers, scientists, writers, journalists, sportsmen, musicians, artists, actors, dancers, merchants and others.
Informing about the incident, Bah P.Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong of Jatalong, said that the victims of the incident are the homes of Kong Smorlin Surong and Bah Seril Rymbai. who are the residents of Jatalong.
The sample was sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) in Pune for further testing to confirm the suspicion of monkeypox.
The Dorbar Shnong also urged the shopkeepers to attend the event, both men and women.
The people of Meghalaya have been surprised when Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah have claimed to love Meghalaya by coming to Shillong without thinking.
Mouthwashes can also be used to remove food residue from the mouth.
Shillong, June 27 : Suzie Basan and Karan from Meghalaya have won gold medals in the Nagaland Body Building & Fitness Championship. Physics Committee of Nagaland.
Shillong, March 25: The Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, V. Kishore Chandra Deo, in charge of Tribal Affairs, Shillong, at 12 noon, inaugurated the Monolith Festival at Mawphlang. various programs with speeches by the invited guests, in which they delivered their own speeches on the culture of the Khasi.
The President wants to erect a monument to the leader and it will take six months to build it and Mugabe's funeral will be delayed by six months from now on.
After this victory, Lajong will now have five days before their next match, which will be played on the 11th of this month against Delhi Football Club.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 7: The Congress MDC from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Carnes Sohshang, will visit the National People's Party (NPP) Mawkyrwat Block Committee in the coming days. to join the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong: The Executive Members of the Mawlyndep Sports & Cultural Club together with the Mawlyndep Sports & Cultural Club today, under the leadership of the Rangbah Sports & Cultural Club of Mawlyndep, Bah W. Nongrum, held a cleanliness of the village, as part of the cleaning of the Kyntoit Mawlyndep to avoid pollution so that the kyntoit itself will be clean and tidy, cleanliness is essential to avoid many diseases.
The player wants to shine like Cristiano Ronaldo at the Bernabeu and help Los Blancos win the Champions League and La Liga.
“We promise that this will help to reduce such incidents of violence and other crimes in the future, and will also help the government especially the police force to they will be able to gather evidence on any events.
We should not be surprised or surprised at this because it is for man to be born again otherwise he cannot reach heaven, the Word of God says clearly.
Shillong, March 12: The Special Judge (POCSO) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday sentenced Lucky Dhar to remand for three days and fined him T.5,000,0
And the loss of this is tens of thousands.
In the past few days, 'aya Ram ki gaya Ram' has started to appear, which means those who move from one party to another.
Ardent said that this allegation is just a childish talk. “I have become a leader now and I have to have the strength to do it when I was a field player. he said.
“We have set the same date for the filing of nomination papers in Shillong and Tura on the 25th of October,” Pala told reporters after a meeting with Congress leaders from the District and Block elections held at Congress Bhavan on Friday.
This was according to a report in one of the Khasi newspapers.
God is full of faith.
According to information received, the government authorities have arrested more than 12 persons involved in the smuggling of human traffickers worth millions of tyngka. to send Pakistani citizens out of their country.
Twenty-one BSF personnel were injured in the incident, some of them seriously and the driver of the bus from Assam died.
Sohryngkham SC continued to play chess and in the 53rd minute, Wanlambha Kharpran scored another goal to give the team a 1-3 lead.
The meeting was attended by Additional Deputy Commissioner, SC Laloo, DM Wahlang, ADC and Extra Additional Commissioner, BJ Kharshandi.
The candidates for the 09th Nongpoh Constituency include Bah Mayralborn Syiem of the UDP, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong of the NPP, Rona Khymdeit of the Congress, Marian Maring of the BJP; Longsingh Bey from the TMC and Bismo Ingty as an independent candidate.
The second area is the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Police, after receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene to collect the body and take it to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Training for the Grade O chapter was conducted by BCCI umpire Satrajit Lahiri and retired Susanta Pathak.
The UCC (Uniform Civil Code) or the 'Uniform Civil Code', which has been discussed in recent times, is the Government of India currently led by the BJP. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah plan to implement it across India.
In the men's category, Union Christian College beat BBS College 58-12, St. Dominic College beat Shillong Commerce College 45-3 52-20 and KL Bajoria College beat Shillong Law College 74-2
Two people were riding in the motorcycle, the rear passenger sustained minor injuries, while the driver sustained serious injuries and had to be rushed to hospital.
Speaking to reporters, Defense Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said the Governor of Delhi will take measures to free the city from the President's rule before calling for talks with them. scientific organization.
“Besides winning four MLAs, we have also seen that the party's emergence has affected Mylliem, Mawphlang and Umsning Constituencies, where the contest has been with the prah,” he said. and Dr. Charlotte.
Lahkmen Rymbui will be appointed in Tura, Comingone Ymbon in Jowai, AL Hek in Nongpoh, Rakkam Sangma in Williamnagar, Samlin Malngiang in Baghmara, Metbah Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwar, Ampati in Ampati and Hamlieh in Khlieh. Dohling.
From the first wife, he had two sons, who were of the tribe of Mawlieh.
𝐇𝐲𝐧𝐫𝐞𝐢 𝐛𝐚𝐧 𝐩𝐲𝐧𝐤𝐲𝐥𝐥𝐚 𝐛𝐚𝐧 𝐚𝐢 𝐣𝐚𝐢𝐝 𝐬𝐡𝐚 𝐮 𝐤𝐩𝐚 𝐤𝐚𝐦 𝐢𝐚𝐡𝐚𝐩 𝐬𝐡𝐮𝐡, 𝐧𝐠𝐚 𝐥𝐞𝐢 𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐰𝐞𝐢 𝐧𝐠𝐚 𝐩𝐲𝐧𝐫𝐞𝐦 𝐢𝐚 𝐤𝐮𝐦 𝐤𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐤𝐚 𝐣𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐦𝐮𝐭 𝐛𝐚𝐝 𝐣𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐭𝐡𝐦𝐮, 𝐚𝐢 𝐛𝐚 𝐤𝐚𝐧 𝐬𝐚𝐡 𝐤𝐮𝐦𝐛𝐚 𝐤𝐚 𝐝𝐞𝐢 𝐛𝐚𝐧 𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠.
If you don't love your country.
The incident happened at a time when there was strong opposition to the support of two HSPDP MLAs, Shakliar Warjri and Methodius Dkhar, to the NPP to lead the government.
There is no benefit in being inside the 7th floor, you just come to earn money here and you just lose the holy things that God Training has given you.
Eveningstar Nongsiang, President of the HNYF was elected as the Chairman and Carry Kharmutee, General Secretary of the FKJGP Mawshynrut was elected as the Secretary. KSU and all the Presidents and Secretaries of the JAC and Unions under the banner of the JAC shall be members of the Executive Committee.
When asked whether the VPP will set a time limit for the government, Dr Batskhem said the party will consider the right measures. Our demand from the beginning even if we see that the Chief Minister in reply to the issue raised by the MLA of the party Bah Ardent regarding the Reservation Policy does not agree with the people. force them to listen to the voice of the people," he said.
Khliehriat, Lber 23 : As part of the celebration of World Tuberculosis Month, the office of the District Tuberculosis Society, Jaintia Hills, today held a campaign to raise awareness among the public about the spread of TB. Street play was held at Khliehriat Market.
West Khasi Hills, which took the first ball, managed to control the scoring of East Khasi Hills by losing all wickets and EKH scored only 72 runs in 27.5 overs.
This is the third time that the Mihmyntdu Catholic Youth Association has organized such a program in collaboration with other organizations.
Mawrie said the party has not yet received any reply from the Prime Minister but he hopes that the Prime Minister will receive his reply in the coming days.
The Council said that it has not received any revenue from the land owners, the state government, the Indian government or the companies that implemented the signboard along the border with Bangladesh. .
The child also confessed that he had already committed the crime in front of the police and after that, the police arrested him.
In the midst of a pandemic we hope for miracles and healing.
It is to be recalled that on the 20th June, 2014, a youth named Wanbok Syiem, 28 years old, lost his life after being hit by an ambulance. The incident happened on the highway in Sumer-Ri-Bhoi district.
“However, as the party itself, we have the intention to allow the youth who are intelligent and well versed in education,” said Bah KP Pangniang. to leave the country and the nation.
At the same time, she said that from the findings of the Assembly Committee, there is a need for a more thorough understanding regarding the investigation methods and procedures related to such incidents.
On the part of Bah Kampher Mark Swer, the writer of this song, in his short speech, he said that it is true that the work will lead and there is hope for the cooperation in the path of righteousness.
The union also honored Linza Fenny Syiem who has been appointed as the Women Coach of the Indian team for the 16th AKF Senior Karate Championship. Coach, Asian Karate Federation in Tashkent, Uzbekistan from 15–21 November
Relief supplies and tarpaulins were provided to those affected.
So far, the Government of Meghalaya has received Rs 11,533 crore.
Soon he saw her coming to buy something from a shop.
“Before we do anything, we have decided to convene a meeting with all the political parties in the state to discuss this issue,” he said.
Others who have appointed EM will be sent later.
“The preparations for the election have been completed, we have four companies of police patrols and 100 EVMs,” said the CEO. He said that Williamnagar has 25 polling stations. in rural areas and others in more urban areas.
“If this happens, the time will come when the traffic through the NH-6 will be cut off completely, if the right authorities They have not taken any action to repair this road immediately and that if this road collapses, it will cause the greatest problem to the people of the state and also of the North Eastern Region of India".
The Indian government has dismissed Alok Verma and Rakesh Asthana as two senior CBI officials and replaced them with Nageshwar Rao, Joint Director of the CBI. Shillong: Police have received a tip-off that a man named Chuang was trying to buy firearms for criminal purposes. triumphant.
He said that this method of distribution to school children has worked better in Garo Hills, but in Khasi and Jaintia Hills it is more difficult because many schools are run by private individuals. groups such as village schools while in Garo Hills schools are run by religious groups.
NEIGLPA and Nokgilawe resident Tennydard M Marak from Williamnagar in East Garo Hills district have sought the Governor's intervention that the two should resign.
There will also be food stalls sourced from across the Northeast, there will be Wines and craft sales.
However, in the last four years, the UDP, which has the majority of power in the MDA Government, among other Seng Ri Lum, has not been able to hold or demand an accountability from the Head of Government, the Prime Minister, or to prosecute the MDA Government on the illegal mining of coal, coke factories and other illegal activities.
Shillong: There has been an increase in crimes against children and women in the state, where many people have come forward to complain against these crimes so that the perpetrators can caught in the hands of the law.
The total number of cases has now reached 1,3
India's priorities during the G20 Submit are, such as online payment, food security and transportation, taxation, the Russia-Ukraine war, the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change, agriculture, and international bloodshed.
The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday demanded an inquiry against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on charges of involvement in drug trafficking from Mizoram.
More interesting to think about is, where did Britain get this idea of ​​free sovereignty?We say we live in a democratic country and that’s true, but when we elect our leaders they become long as they rule alone.
Mahesh Singh scored two goals in the 20th minute of the first half and another in the 51st minute. players.
In addition, there were also leaders of Christian churches formed by the Khasi Jaintia Church Leader Forum, who tried their best to explain to the people that they should not vote for the Khasi Jaintia Church Leader Forum. representatives with the expectation that they will make money.
He said that Nongstoiñ is still under the jurisdiction of the central, it has not been able to hold a General Executive Meeting, because it has not recognized until it has revisited the Primary Units and submitted the lists to the Central Executive Meeting. central does not have the necessary.
The meeting was attended by Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, UDP MDCs including Winning G. Sungoh, Finelyness Bareh, Dawan Lyngdoh, JTreilang Suchiang and Lomris Lyngdoh.
He said NEIAH has helped patients through treatments like Panchakarma, Ksharasutra, Uttarabasti and Yoga to improve their health.
Conrad K. Sangma said that the suspension of the MP Scheme is due to the actions of the NDA Central Government led by Rikman G Momin. Conrad K. Sangma, Member of the Lok Sabha from Tura Parliamentary Seat, has met with the Ministers of the Legislative Assembly. of the Central Government in the implementation and implementation of schemes of the Government of India.
During his visit, Conrad met with the patients and talked to them, and urged the doctors and nurses who look after and care for them to do their best.
He said the main goal of the BJP is to make India free from the hands of the Congress.
In 2001, there was an opposition from some Christian leaders who, in the name of the Dorbar Shnong, opposed the cremation of the body of Lt.Pharsaited Buhphang because he belongs to the traditional religion.
Comments: We see, therefore, that the ancient Khasi dorbar was indeed righteous and true.
He said that the policy and law will help the government to declare some areas in Meghalaya as 'Eco Sensitive Zones' and in such areas, the entry of I'm a man.
Speaking at a meeting near the YMCA, Mawkhar, Bah Ransom expressed his goals as a leader.
“Friends of other parties, don't be fooled during the elections tomorrow, when the time comes to look for the syrngiew, you won't find it anymore. said Prestone.
The whole world is ready to fight against him.
He said the government has seen the hard work of the staff of the Public Health Engineering Department especially in relation to various schemes which have already been released such as the Greater Rymbai Water Supply Scheme which is about to be released. The Synrang Umlawe Combined Water Supply Scheme, the Ummyrho Combined Water Supply Scheme and other schemes have been implemented in various villages.
The BJP MDCs also expressed their regret over the inability of the EC to pay the salaries of the council employees every month, especially now that the Christmas and New Year season is approaching.
The Taliban have released photographs posted online of the weapons, which they have seized from the Afghan army and said that as of the evening of 30 May 2021, there were 715 weapons. The number of vehicles has been captured by the Taliban, but it is expected that the number will increase, as there are many others who have been captured by the Taliban.
But in the midst of Moses' surprise at the fire in the wilderness, God had a great plan for Moses and the children of Israel in Egypt.
The Tribunal also accepted the suggestion of Thomas Nongtdu, President of the Jaintia Cement Manufacturing Association, to further confirm the issue raised by the coal owners. Jowai, March 5: The Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIB) has strongly condemned the CEM of JHADC and his office for giving approval to the DC and NBCC to survey the land for the erection of shiah signs on the India-Bangladesh border.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has decided to hold a mass protest against the factories from 5th March without delay.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the incident ha Lad Umsyiem today was caused by smugglers to Bangladesh.
He will also hold a prayer and sermon at Poloe Square on the 4th at 1 pm.
On this occasion, the Seng Samla Shnong Sohparu also awarded two mothers who have over 95 years of age, Trelina Marweiñ and Krianlina Lyngdoh as the oldest mothers in the country. village.
There is no other time within such a time, because God has appointed times and times for such a time to happen on earth.
It is only in court that we can fight with the expectation that justice and facts will prevail.
At the same time, the union would like to say to the government not to have only the intention of mining uranium and should understand that only planting trees can enrich the state and should collect detailed information such as Rambrai, Wahkaji, Umdohlun and Langpih so that the people in these areas can become rich and prosperous in livestock such as cattle breeding, goat breeding and fish breeding so that the people can benefit and get jobs from this sector.
On the other hand, the Lamphang suggested that the larger markets in the state such as Shillong, Jowai, Tura and others should be temporarily closed.
This program is a sign of the fulfillment of these promises.
Without cleanliness, these titles cannot be obtained.
Plastic bags and containers of all kinds have become the greatest enemies of the environment.
The Christmas Carol began with a prayer by the Parish Priest Rev. Fr. Teibor Lyngdoh and ended with a prayer and drink.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today launched its Manifesto at the residence of its President Dr Donkupar Roy in the presence of its Working President. Bindo M Lanong, UDP General Secretary Allantry Dkhar and Kyrmen Shylla, Ministers of State.
However, the production of blang from West and South West Khasi Hills and a few other areas has filled the demand for blang in the state, especially in Shillong.
The MSOA should take responsibility and will have to submit a written report on the expenditure and preparations for the Meghalaya Games 2022 after 14 days of the end of the Games,” said Pastor Kyrsoibor.
The Addl.SP together with the SP will be the assistants of the investigation team.
Ardent also explained that the VPP MLAs have taken to the streets to protest against the government over the sudden dismissal of three Lokayukta officers.
The CEO said that on the 9th and 22nd of November there will be a special registration in all the polling stations as stipulated by the Election Commission of India.
“The Prime Minister once said that he would take care of the aspirations of the people.
It is now heard that this election is the most expensive election held in the state since the state got its own independence.
He strongly criticized the MDA government for misusing the public money.
In the second half, Para i SC beat Sutnga VFT 6-1, Socialborn Kurbah scored the goals in the 11th & 43rd minutes, Sooki Lamare scored four goals in the minute. to 28, 41, 54, and 56, respectively.
In another incident, three youths from Muphlang village under the jurisdiction of Jowai Police Station in West Jaintia Hills, were abducted by robbers in Assam, but police of Morigaon District have rescued them. and arrested four of the seven suspects involved in the crime.
We can preach in the market during the non-Behdien Khlam period.
Fraternity Art Cine Entertainment Shillong is a group of prominent filmmakers who have produced outstanding films that have gained recognition not only in the country but also in major competitions. world.
The meeting was attended by dozens of temporary employees, Government Secretary Bah DD Lapang, Martin M Dango Minister PWD and other government officials.
This village is the smallest in Jowai, but it has shown the spirit of giving to help the government at this time of crisis to fight against the spread of COVID-1
Shillong: U Area Commander of the GNLA, Rahul Sangma, was arrested by the commandos of the Meghalaya Police SWAT Unit and troops at 10 am today.
AIS Suja“Your Kingdom come, Your will be done, on earth as it is in Heaven”.
Surjewala said she is undergoing treatment and is currently in good condition.
He also alleged that the statement of the Mylliem MDC that she is against the MUDA border crossing is just a ploy to take advantage of the elections.
He said that at the time of the robbery, the three men were allegedly dressed in military uniforms and threatened Darong by threatening him with dakars. he was required to give all the money he had.
This National Convention was the first to be held in Meghalaya as a full state and the second to be held in Shillong after 66 years.
GNLA chief Sohan D Shira, Baichung Momin, Baltush and Kartush were also present at the scene. 20 new members were brought for training.
If you don't know how to wear or dress in a patlun that covers the foot from the leg to the bottom, then you are not standard in this age.
The KSU also congratulated the sisters working here for their presence which has helped the brothers and sisters in this area to fight against COVID-1
You don’t have to just say ’em’.
The letter was signed by 11 NPP MDCs, including Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Gigur Myrthong, Lamphrang Blah, Teibor Pathaw, Alvin Sawkmie, Victor Rani, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Fantin Lakadong and Fantin Lakadong. Bajop Pyngrope, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Macdalyne S. Mawlong and sent to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titustarwell Chyne today, said that it strongly supports the MoU signed by Meghalaya and Assam.
The leaders of these two units were confirmed by Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice President KSU, Sengkmie in the presence of Samla Ferdynald K Kharkamni, President KSU NKHD Unit, Samla Joseph Lambok Rymbai, Vice President KSU NKHD. KSU Nongpoh Circle President Banpynshngaiñ Lyngdoh and members of the district and circle.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he has found many times that when an officer is transferred, there are officers who don't look back on what the transferred officer has done. tick.
Shahid Kapoor's Kabir Singh has grossed Rs 200 crore in 13 days and Salman Khan's Bharat has grossed Rs 200 crore in 14 days. .
Shillong: Six persons were killed and 15 others seriously injured when a Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) bus (ML 03-0221) collided with another vehicle. Tura, which was on its way to Shillong on the night of the 29th of this month, fell into the Riangdi River at Nongchram, East Garo Hills District.
In the 1st Division, Laban beat Nongrim Hills 2-1
However, they were welcomed by the clear water, green fields, there were also wild birds/animals.
On our part, we will also meet with the CEM of KHADC to express their views on this issue after the decision of the dorbar of the 16 villages,” he said. concluded Bah C Lyngdoh.
When inquired about the cause of the fire, police said they do not know exactly what caused the fire and there is evidence that it may have been caused by the burning of garbage from houses nearby.
She also urged the people to think carefully about this issue and believes that the NPP party's recognition to appoint her as a woman to take on this important task is the right thing to do. She said that 33 percent of women will be able to sit in the Assembly and Parliament from 2028. She urged women to prepare and strengthen themselves, as well as fathers and youth to help. the mothers to participate in politics as the three pillars, the father as the head of the household.
In the second half, Sumer Veteran FC beat Evergreen SC Nongjri without scoring a single goal.
The screening will be held on the 25th of June at 9 am at the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
The CAA has allowed Christians, Hindus, Jains, Parsis and Buddhists from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan who arrived before November 31, 2014 to stay in India.
The Symbud Myntri said that they will take steps to look into the matter if the government decides to shut down the factory completely.
Shillong, July 1: A meeting between Assam and Meghalaya has agreed to jointly monitor the border areas of the two states.
However, when we look at this issue, we see that the government, the prime minister and other groups, we are looking at only one eye and that is the cleanliness of Shillong (not other cities). ), in which we have searched all the rivers and streams, to clean up, while other issues, which affect the lives of the children of the country, we have not taken any action yet.
On the other hand, the party said that the meeting was held today because they understand that it is a struggle between the parties and the two governments and not with the people.
All the larger streets of the market are no longer free from this crowd of market vendors and shopkeepers who spread their goods outside the market.
Referring to the need to reduce the import of fish from other states, the MP urged the beneficiaries who have received these vehicles along with the boxes to They should work hard and understand the concerns of the people of the state in relation to the production of fish from their own state.
Ms Sohtun explained to the farmers about the four special schemes which the central government has allocated for the farmers, including the educated and uneducated youth and also for the elderly. and longkmie.
The donation was led by Bah Balakmenlang Nongbri, President of Umsning Circle, Breggie Sun, General Secretary, Andrew Nongneng and other members of the organization. The donation of Ben and Blackboard also encouraged the school authorities and teachers to continue to work hard for the improvement of the education of the children.
Mawkyrwat, November 27: The Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, has been visited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Committee (NAC) for the second time. Council (NAAC) on the 20th and 21st of November 2022, today 27th November 2022, has received the result or announcement in Grade 'B'
He said that the change of the color of the Lama to Jyrngam and White is to show to the world that the Jyrngam color symbolizes the Jyrngam identity of Ri-Bhoi and the white symbolizes the Jyrngam characteristics of the Ri-Bhoi region. The leaders of the party should be clean and honest when providing services to the people.
No.26 – Song 'Tip-sngi' – which conveys the invitation – come to the children, whose good intentions are to spread, to water the mind, to shape the Khasi Khara people to dress soul loves Ri.
The 30th of November is celebrated as International Friendship Day and the program was held to promote friendship with the environment to make Meghalaya a greener place.
“The teachers who have staged the protest under the banner of FASTOM have long demanded to increase the deficit grants-in-aid and to increase the minimum salary. “It is very exciting,” said a statement sent by President DrMN Bhattacharjee and General Secretary JL Das.
The smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has also affected the price of beef in Jaintia Hills due to the shortage of cows and the people have complained about the low price of beef.
Private HEIs will be encouraged to offer more free ships and scholarships to their students.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The UDP Mylliem Unit has slammed Mylliem MLA Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh for alleging that the UDP has done politics on the proposal to take over 18 acres of land from the army in 7 Mer.
When friends come, they sit together around the fire, where they talk and share what they find with all the members of the household.
Why only those Assam journalists, are they and Assam who can decide on the land of our state? “What is the intention of Meghalaya to keep this meeting secret without informing the media,” said the KSU. They also discussed the Malidor River which separates Assam and Meghalaya. It is a natural boundary where both states have a role to play in the preservation and protection of natural resources and wildlife because Ratachera village also wants that.
It is easy to use force, it is easy to use the police and order them to shoot people, it is not easy to talk, and to talk to the people to join them in moving forward. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Conrad at the NPP meeting which launched the election list in Jowai today.
The President of the Youth Wing Mawkynrew Circle, Samla Brington Suting, said that he has been appointed as the President of the Youth Wing. for the sake of the community and added that it is after that that they will be able to decide with one mind in which field and in which place they will be able to play chess.
However, it was not so and we faced difficulties when we were about halfway there to meet others.
Condemning the VC's statement that the JAC has “created issues for those who are not issues”, the leaders asked whether the illegal appointment of the Technical Officer/Senior Consultant is not a matter of discussion – da which thou hast appointed illegally through the sword.
On this occasion, the Downtown Hospital Guwahati also distributed cards to those who have not received their medicines on this day and those who receive these cards will receive a 10 percent discount. When they visit this hospital in the coming years including accommodation, checkup and so on and this card is a lifetime discount.
Through this statement, the Seng directs all the departments of the Seng across the country to be vigilant against the entry of foreigners or authorities, in different parts of the country, to They shall not allow the illegal entry of foreigners at such times, even if they have to come forward to search.
“We want to send a clear and strong message to the KAAC that if they don't remove this toll gate, the KAAC will also set up a toll gate to collect only from the Karbi who pass through the road. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the President of the KSU.
“Happy and prosperous day to all of you dear teachers and without you the world of our children would be dark because you have more of them and their lives than us.
Antoine is a well-known French athlete.
“You have guards? Go and strengthen as much as you can.
The project started working in
The minimum daily wage for Government employees is 400 tyngka.
The road will be turned into a music venue for traditional musicians to entertain tourists to the State and Shillong.
Pius was sworn in by the KHADC Judge Dr S Kharsyiemlieh in the presence of the Administrator Matsiewdor War Nongbri, several MDCs from the UDP and NPP. Langrin mid-term elections after the death of Bah Nassar Marwein.
The reason is this: The Creator of the Buskit was our beloved High Priest, who ate bread at the House of God, and while he was alive this great man of God, he was truly a man who wanted even in making friends with the weakest people, that is, he always wanted to be friends even with people with disabilities.
“It is a hospital that doesn't discriminate against anyone.
Joe Biden, 79, is the oldest President of the United States.
Punjab University Patiala led by Jaswinder Singh, Robin, Pawan and Daleep Bregar won silver and Savitribai Phule Pune University MS led by Kunal Vinayak Pawar, Ritesh Narendra Deshmukh, Lakhan Rajendra Bhoi and Om Bhupal Vinchu won Rnong.
Although the pipeline is still in place in many places.
"" Other government employees are paid only quarter allowance except for officers, most government employees are paid only quarter allowance and have to leave their own house to stay. “What are these, are they the youngest children or are they the nephews of those who are government ministers who have to give special so much,” he added.
From time to time, the Seng has received complaints that the illegal activists have turned this place into a resting place to drink, eat and do charity work. There is also a danger to the pedestrians especially the young girls and women as well as the danger to the pedestrians who walk on the footpath. parts.
Therefore, as parents, mothers of the youth, don't believe in this promise,” said Bah Tynsong.
The Syngku Presbyterian Church, Narleiñ East Presbytery, Ri-Bhoi Synod, in an interview with Tbn C.Laloo in the presence of Tbn S. Shadap, said that because they have a desire to The Church with the aim of getting financial support from the faithful from all over the church, has decided to hold a Gospel Concert and Jumbo Sale. Until now, the church has not been able to complete the church. The faithful of the church are still conducting services in front of the church.
Nongstoiñ: The Union of Village Authorities of Ri Lyngngam Area today held a march to protest against the presence of coal mining factories in the Shahlang area.
Similarly, at the Cabinet meeting on 23rd November, 2022, he said that Mukroh falls under Meghalaya.
At present, it is too early to say that this scheme is bad, let it start first, connect because if there are shortcomings here and there, the Government of India will improve.
He said that many times, when a newspaper organization ceases or dies, the newspapers also disappear without continuing and this is because of the actions and organization of a person.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: A bus carrying police patrols in Shillong has been set on fire at Nongmensong this morning while it was parked near the police station.
The Trinamool leader was welcomed on Monday along with his supporters from all over the Mawsynram constituency.
Raising the issue in the House, Bah Himalaya said that these agricultural products have been the source of livelihood for the farmers in many parts of the state, but until now, because The government is still counting forest products, putting the farmers in a difficult situation where they have been robbed at will by the traders.
We don't know what will happen if the Umïam Bridge or the Dawki Bridge are cut off because there is no proper restriction on vehicles carrying more than what is allowed.
Jowai, November 22: Two persons were seriously injured in an accident at Sabah-Muswang village on the NH-6 at 2:45 pm on Thursday evening. .
Shillong, Naitung 25: Shillong Police have arrested three persons in connection with a riot at a temple in Mahadevkhola.
Bapli was walking along the road and didn't remember how he turned around in front of the taxi.
Replying to the reply of the Chief Minister, George B Lyngdoh, said that as a leader, he stands to defend the Constitution of the state, but he said that his statements are wrong. Lyngdoh said, “The Prime Minister should have listened carefully to my speeches” and said that if this happens, U Bah George, also strongly criticized the failure to arrest the thief, who has been arrested for less than a year. “They are looking for something, and they haven't found it for a year, but in the reply of the Prime Minister, he said that when we wrote to the states, we didn't get a reply,” he said. duty of the police, to see that the answer comes?".
Out of these 1,434 cases, 899 cases including 152 Armed Forces and 747 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 32 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills. There are 127 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 39 cases from Armed Forces and 88 cases from civilians. including 81 Armed Forces and 113 civilians, 6 cases in South West Garo Hills, 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 22 cases in East Garo Hills and 22 cases in North Garo Hills. Hills district has 9 members.
Tip can happen to your kingdom ? Don't know.
He said that if we look back at the past three years, the State itself has suffered greatly because of the rule of law which has never happened before in the history of Meghalaya.
In terms of drawing, we also get a sketch, either in rnga or in let.
Prayer is not only a petition, but also an intercession and intercession.
Junita was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital in Lawmali for treatment and is now said to be in good health.
She said the committee will also investigate the allocation of accommodation by the DC of West Garo Hills to Jaynie Ningring N. Sangma and others allegedly involved in the torture of these 12 women at Tura Circuit House.
Surprisingly, there is a higher authority of the hospital called the Governing Council.
The NPP has held talks with the Chief Minister of Home Affairs on the social peace agreement signed between the state government and the dissolved rebel group ANVC and ANVC (B).
Seven schools have qualified for the quarter finals including Police Public SS, Riwar Jaintia HSS, Kiang Nangbah HSS and Little Flower. HSS, Lumpyrtuh SS, Moodymmai SS and Jowai Govt UP RMSA School.
The church is not salvation either.
Owen Harris Shullai, Retired Revenue Officer of JHADC, passed away on
It may be recalled that all four times this biggest tournament in the state has been held in Shillong.
These health messages have been reviewed and updated by health experts and can be found on the ORB health website.
In the Compound Women Individual, Mahel Pathan of Savitribai Phule Pune University MS won the gold medal, followed by Sunainadevi of Lovely Professional University Punjab who won the silver medal and B Manasa Nayana of Lovely Professional University Pune won the gold medal. Wine.
That is why they did not even accept Jesus as their King or Messiah, and they lost their relationship with God to this day.
According to a report on Thursday, Aston Villa confirmed that they had already sent a complaint to Uefa about this 'and the lack of control" before the start of the match.
However, due to the fire and burning of tar equipment in 2017, the project has been postponed again.
First, the protest started in the Lok Sabha and then in the Rajya Sabha and the opposition did not allow the Speaker to conduct other business.
When in our time motor vehicles were very rare.
He said that today, BPCL has opened the first recharge point for electric vehicles in Meghalaya at the company's petrol station in Jorabat.
We have mentioned on many occasions that the decision on this is problematic and can only be resolved through dialogue and also to recognize the rights of each and every resident of the area, without coercion, without threat and without any misguidance.
When the French Missionaries came here, they established schools, hospitals and Rev. Thomas Jones himself introduced the Khasi alphabet.
“I congratulate the Speaker and also to you the people of the village.
In other words, God and heaven came down to earth in the body of Jesus to give hope to people.
A letter has also been sent to the Under Secretary, Mining and Geology, Government of Meghalaya to oppose and cancel the Application for Mining Lease.
Shillong, March 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday demanded that the Central Government should honor the Instrument of Accession (IOA) signed with the 25 Khasi Hills on the 17th of this month. April, 1948 and to implement Article 371 in the State of Meghalaya.
According to him, this shortage has also affected the students who are waiting for scholarships.
The Additional District Magistrate, Bah Ronnie Wahlang said that in the meeting with them in the presence of the police and the village authorities, they have been able to make arrangements for them to return safely to the village. places they want to go.
On the other hand, Pyniaid said that the Council has shared information with the group from Goa on the customs and traditions of the Council.
These four buses (SPTS) have started operating since the 8th of this month.
“The demand to upgrade Dadenggre to a district is long standing and unfounded as we see that sub divisions get districts even though they are not old sub divisions like Dadenggre,” he added. .
On the other hand, the price of the new plant has increased due to the increase in the price of equipment.
Amid global uncertainty over energy access, this discussion of sustainable options have become even more important today.
PT Sawkmie also distributed the prizes to the winners.
Therefore it is necessary to save himself from this wicked generation by confessing his sins and receiving the forgiveness of sins" Acts 3:3
The 1 hour power outage in the morning from 10 am to 11 pm will continue, and the 5 hour power outage from 12 noon to 5 pm will continue. before.
She also reminded that before the youth gathering, whether male or female, they must have an epic thep vote which means 18 years and above and before the youth gathering, inform their parents.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: A policeman of the 1st Battalion Bn/C 581, Ber Nard Kharjana (32) has collapsed near his residence in Umlyngka today.
At the age of eight, Ronaldo joined the amateur team Andorinha, the club where his father was a sports equipment supplier.
The visit was led by Bah Paul Wahlang, President of HNYF, 20 Mer Circle, in the presence of Bah Iaineh Wahlang, Organizing Secretary of HNYF, Northern Region and many members of the HNYF. They have visited all the Shyiap farms in the area and many of these Shyiap farms have been operated by foreigners.
In this tournament, one of the athletes from Meghalaya, Devraj Mohapatra, managed to finish third.
So far, 4,73,105 cases have been reported, including 1,86,514 undergoing treatment and 2,71,697 recoveries.
He said that this requires the amendment of the Amended MRSSA Bill as the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has recently withdrawn the Bill.
Now again, this CAA 2019 has divided us more and more and has become more biased.
This is the decision taken by the Tactical Team in a group meeting before the search and arrest of Bah Thangkhiew.
Drivers and passengers have been warned to wear masks and to observe social distancing. Gloves and hand sanitizers.
Both these candidates are from East Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, Bah Thongni said that as the youth, the future depends on the youth, so as the youth, we have a fear of the future and we have many challenges that have not been fulfilled. the Nation.
Explaining that the people will face many problems if they fall into Assam, he said that the people will no longer be able to own the land because they will have to pay taxes.
On these grounds, it is not wrong to say that the Achik people have a desire to have their own state or Garoland. .
Police have increased the buskit on those involved in the murder of Umesh Pal from T.50,000 to T.2.5 lakh each.
Nongpoh, July 30: The Umphing Presbyterian Upper Primary School in Ri-Bhoi on Tuesday inaugurated the school building and also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the playground. Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited (IGGL) has paid tribute to the school after the gas pipeline used by the company had to pass through the school.
On receiving a tip, the police of the village rushed to the scene, found the bodies and arranged vehicles to take the bodies to Byrnihat CHC. A post-mortem examination has been conducted at the request of the relatives of the deceased.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Ri-Bhoi Future Dancers Association (RIDA) in collaboration with All Meghalaya has reached the final stage of the Got Talent competition. The Dancers Association (DA) held a ceremony on the 19th of this month in the presence of thousands of people at Umsning Indoor Studio. Donkupar Sumer MDC was the chief guest.
In this regard, it has become clear that he has been struggling to escape arrest since receiving the letter, because he is afraid of being arrested.
Shillong: The Lyngkhoi Dorbar Kur Shillong on Tuesday held a meeting to elect new office bearers at the Riatsamthiah Community Hall Shillong.
Don't cry.
It may be recalled that on the 30th of March, the Rangbah Shnongs had announced that they would sit lymbung at the main gate of the Secretariat with tens of thousands of people if the government does not listen to their demands. In the past two days, she has confirmed that the march will go smoothly as announced.
Out of the tender price of T.7.12 crore, about T.2.51 crore has already been approved by the department but there has been no progress in the projects.
Lata Mangeshkar, the great singer of India, has passed away today at the age of
“Of course, we have a sitting MP and therefore we have to think about the current MP.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Amberlight Masharing, President of RBYWO, said that there are only 21 factories without license in Umiam and 11 in Byrnihat Area. In fact, these logging factories should be located in designated areas with proper licenses according to the rules of the Meghalaya Forest Wood Based Industries Act,
LD Sangma, Chief Superintendent of Police, Mawryngkneng, said that the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has taken the responsibility to bring about cleanliness and he has been ready to cooperate with the residents. village if they want to cooperate on sanitation issues.
When the foundation has been laid on the jait ai kur, they are willing or happy to give it to the mother or the woman who is the mother of the child.
“If other parties had spent lakhs and crores, so many people would have spent lakhs and crores, but the VPP didn't give them anything, they all came with a spirit of concern for the country and the nation,” he said. Mr. Ardent.
This is the last match for Meghalaya in the current Ranji Trophy after winning four times, drawing twice and losing twice.
Speaking to media after meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong R.Kurbah, Bah Wandonbok said that the party is against this implementation by sending odd and even to enter Motphran and Khyndailad.
Therefore, if we want to win all 36 seats only for the Hynniew-Trep parties.
“What happened to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem who did not resign from the post of MLA/MDC after the passage of the Ban Bat Ar Kam Act.
A Bengalee suggested naming it, 'Meghalaya, the abode of the clouds,' he added.
After this, Bah Arful allegedly touched and shot and beat the manager, Mahesh, until he was injured and allegedly broke the TV, mobile phone and other equipment.
This may open the way for health scientists to find new ways to fight staph infections that can be very serious, and perhaps even be used with other current antibiotics" .
An FIR has been lodged at Lumdiengjri and Mawlai police stations and a case has been registered at both the police stations.
“Don't worry, I don't think Muslims are right in India.
History also shows that from one century to another there have been corrupt rulers, rulers who have usurped power in themselves and who have oppressed the people and who are willing to kill those who stand against them. they.
All the candidates worked hard to win but an election is an election".
Every day, the number of foreign tourists is 2-3 vehicles and it is still very low with only 40,” said Bah Lit.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction after the Supreme Court has accepted the request of the state government to stop the search for the missing persons in the coal mine at Ksan. in East Jaintia Hills.
Even the ISIS fighters were shocked and never imagined that it would be the last minute and the day of death for their supreme leader, Abu Bakral Baghdadi.
According to the state police, the bodies of these three persons were found in a forest in Myanmar – about 2 km from the border area. and the state of Mizoram.
"I don't know where your son is going..." added another Rangbah who was sitting there.
He said that the surrender of insurgent members is not the first time in the state but it has happened in the past and for the sake of peace and order the government will look into this.
They said that the rooms where the students of class 11-12 do not have electricity and if the electricity goes out and it rains, the students have to stay in the dark.
The incident took place in Hapur of Uttar Pradesh and happened two days ago, the report said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie acknowledged that one power tiller is not enough and they need more, so he said that there is no problem.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: St Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen, which won 13 gold, 8 silver and 10 bronze medals, has become the overall champion of the Inter School Athletics Meet The event was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, in collaboration with the Forum for Change and Upliftment (FOCUS) at Madan Dommawlum, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
“The people of Jaiaw know better than me because I have been an MLA for 40 years from Jaiaw and 5 years from West Shillong,” he said.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHAPI) has once again given time to those teams who wish to take part in the Veteran Knock-Out Football Tournament to be held at Madan. NSCA, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
“If we say that we will give away all the land that Assam has stolen, it is another matter, but to say 'mutual acceptance and reconciliation' is that we cannot. accept the spirit.
The President of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the people should not join the VPP party, just because there is a rumor around the country, but they should join, because they understand that they are The foundations of the VPP are strong and clear and they are the foundations that can lead our state and nation.
Or; Riang Lennon Tariang, Simon Siangshai, Oliverneat Chyrmang, Mihsalan Suchiang, H. Britanwar Dan, Kyrmen Susngi and Sing Mulieh, but the record did not reach anywhere.
Therefore, as young people, elders, women who have clear thinking in their own country, we should always maintain our own village name or national name for any village or hill, river and valley. the fields in the name of the land as it has been known since the Longshwa Manshawa.
There were 86 speakers including opponents and supporters and 70 letters sent by individuals and civil society groups.
And when we die of this heat to sleep and sit, we know, we are lynga, we are sick and we get really sick just because the weather is so hot, and this heat affects the environment. for this heat can melt all the mountains here on earth, and when these mountains melt, they will become a great sea, and we human beings can lose even our lives.
In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the HYC Mawlai Circle, Bah Donboklang Khriam, the Organizing Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle said that on Tuesday, the Organizing Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle. The SLO has also arrested some foreigners who have come to work and set up shops illegally in Mawlai.
“This allocation from the Central and State Governments is not enough to pay the salaries and the remaining amount is for the months of June and October,
Rahman owns assets worth Rs 6.38 crore, which is more than 95% of his income.
“How many brothers and sisters do you have...” asked Riia's mother. “I have only three brothers...” Deisy replied. “One of my last sisters is in the village going to school.
Nagaland has received only T.0.05 crore while Manipur has received T.68.14 crore.
In government schools, teachers do not teach themselves, they send others to teach on a salary of only 1500 or 2000 per month while they themselves receive a salary of 50,000 or 60,000 thousand tyngka per month.
“They said in April 2018 that within 180 days the coal would be released but now it has been three years since the coal was released.
The Umsning Town Durbar on Tuesday gathered with the village leaders of the Umsning Town Durbar and together with the leaders they decided to congratulate the government for bringing in the The officer was transferred to Ri Bhoi after a while.
All the tourism operators in War Jaintia have expressed their strong opposition, as they have worked hard in the past years to develop tourism in War Jaintia especially the Wah Umngot from Amkoi, Shnongpdeng, Darrang and Dawki. .
On the occasion, RBWO President Eddie G. Kharbani, PJ Kurbah, General Secretary, Angelus Sun, Rangbah Shnong Umsaw Nongkharai, members of the RBWO, Rangbah Shnong of the area and many health workers.
“The work has stopped and the reason is because the contractor has not received the Running Bill,” said one of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Unidentified persons have set fire to a Border Security Force (BSF) post in Lyngkhat, Pynursla Sub Division, last night.
“When shall I drink...” said Daplin. “Yes, Thei, I'm still at home.
Jowai, Lber 28: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) Jowai, has conducted a training on Integrated Farming on 16th October, 2023 at Puriang village in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong Lajong FC will now face Rajasthan United in the eighth round of the I-League on November 3 at the Deccan Stadium. Arena in Hyderabad at 4:30 pm.
Himanta also recently informed the media that the second phase of the demarcation will resume in July or May this year.
The Prime Minister has set a target of building 19.10 lakh houses by 2024, of which 12.43 lakh houses have been completed, Sarma said during the Griha Pravesh. ' Program for 3 lakh beneficiaries through this scheme.
Conrad said the people of the state have no other choice and it is time to give their confidence to the party (NPP) which will not be with the people of the state.
Please note that the party does not have the government to vote for the election.
Bah F Dkhar from the Manbha Foundation spoke on the impact of those who have become addicted to alcoholic beverages such as kyiad, drugs and others which make it difficult for them to kill or escape from such addictions. health, mental health, peace in the family and society.
The Judges were the leaders of the Mosaic Church who oversaw and administered the administration of justice, but they were not the supreme rulers who seized power or ruled alone from one central place or city, despite attempts. to seize power or to give supreme authority to judges like Gideon and Abimelech.
Obscene language shall not be used during public election campaigns or public marches.
When you see that the leader elected by the people of Mawhati has bought a car, doesn't he want to bring that car to this area? Mukul Sangma said that the people of Mawhati Constituency should bring such a vehicle to the area. They are no longer the legislators but the traders and wealthy people who now have to walk a long distance.
, Brijraj Power Metallics Ltd.
Jowai, July 28: The owners of coal mines in East Jaintia Hills have expressed their deep sorrow over the ban on the transportation of coal to the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills. 25th of this month.
The program will be held on the 13th and 14th October at Nongthymmai Square, Shillong.
At the same time, the party requests the leaders to take action to implement the ILP as soon as possible before it is too late.
When sneezing, cover your mouth with a cotton ball or handkerchief.
However, sadly, when they recovered from their illness and when it was time to leave the hospital with a smile on their faces, they went to show the hospital management with the government card to cut from the card. the fee they need to pay inside the hospital.
According to reports, on the night of 11th June 2022, a young trader in the city who did not want to be named, was stabbed in the head near the shyllang by the riew. The robbers broke into the Polo Towers Hotel but although the incident happened since that night, the youth has not recovered yet and has to go for treatment.
Other companies are more reluctant to invest here because of the high demand for funds from various groups.
The other seven places have been arranged in the first phase of
On the preparations to fight the fourth wave of Covid-19 in the state, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the state has all the necessary equipment to treat the victims of Covid-1 19, There is no shortage of oxygen, hospitals and ventilators in the state.
“If the state government is really concerned, such a Board should be appointed by skilled and intelligent people, not by politicians,” said Dr Mawthoh, who taught at NEHU. The MSPB is headed by former Chief Minister Salseng C Marak and has many members but it seems that the Board is sleepy and has nothing to do with the development of the state.
You may wonder why I say that, the reason is that even the District Council doesn't know how far the state of Meghalaya is? Which place falls under Meghalaya and which does not? Not only that, even the Government of Meghalaya does not know exactly the boundary of the state.
“The people need to elect us because we are the only ones to bring about good governance in the state because we cannot expect good governance in the state if all the political parties use money just to get elected to power".
Nongpoh, July 10: Leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Peoples Council (RBPC) led by Jayson Lenox Nongrum as president and members of the Ri-Bhoi People's Council (RBPC) today evening visited Pahammawleiñ village 20 mer to welcome five members. The National Kick Boxing Championship organized by the Kick Boxing Federation of India (KFA) was held in New Delhi.
The Ministry of Human Resources (MoHHR) has dedicated this year to the Ministry of Human Resources (MoHRH) by giving a message on the disease and the precautionary measures that children should follow. teachers, parents and society as a whole.
If we look at the work that the political parties, especially those parties that fall under the list of patriotic parties, have done and I don't have time for years but I just remind you of some of them. sadness through the presence of political parties such as the opposition to uranium mining, railway, protests against the authorities, others.
The organization has received household items, blankets, food and money.
U Rangbah, who is also the leader of the Chiefs, gave many suggestions for the Hima and Chiefs to implement so that we can collect the information that we need to know in this country. .
Shillong: The new Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh, has arrived at the Archbishop's residence in Shillong, today to take over the duties appointed after the passing away of the Archbishop. Most Rev Dominic Jala.
The Panchayat elections are scheduled to be held on the 8th of November.
Dr. Jitendra Singh said the government will ensure that the people of the North East will be able to speak Hindi, the central language of India and the government will not force the people to speak Hindi. that they should use Hindi and it is up to them.
This was announced by the Block Development Officer, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, Nongshillong.
The Committee has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to review the price of the test.
It has its own Tang story and Niam story which has been given to us by Mother Nature through the power of God and has been sealed since the beginning of the world.
Acts 1:8
Furthermore, to get better consultation with fellow farmers as well as with government officials of various departments on agriculture and on the problems they face.
" said Dr. Batskhem Myrboh.
“We are filled with sadness and anger because we trusted and loved him as our leader but we are being cheated," he said.
Do we feel surprised to see a man dressed in boots and wearing a broken shoe?
They also said that in the past three years under the rule of the MDA under the leadership of the NPP, many problems have arisen and this has affected the poor and needy who live on day labour.
The Superintendent of Police (SPS) has registered a case under the POCSO Act.
If the parents or relatives of these children do not have education, Class Online is not useful for such children.
Police have been sent to these areas to conduct search operations in the areas where they visit and to intensify the search operations in all the villages around the hill.
Basic Training for the posts of Guardsman, Driver and NCE will start from 1st November
There will also be awards for the Best Player, Best Goalkeeper and Top Scorer.
Therefore, as the people of the state, we should not be misled by those who speak harshly because they have no other reason but the people of the state are wise to judge between what is right and what is wrong.
In this regard, Barla said he has directed the State Government to conduct information and explanations to inform the public about various schemes under the Ministry and the Government of India.
Bosewell Khongthohrem also alleged that Bitlinwell Khongthiem has strongly opposed the participation of women in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Rahul said the people of the country should know that the price of petrol has increased slightly these days, but the money of the people has been looted at an increased price. rise in the day.
The International Meghalaya Kayak Festival is scheduled to start from 12th to 14th March, 2023, with participants from all over the world.
Recently, the driver of the Swift Dzire, Bah Samuel Mawlong, was abducted and killed on July 25 and his body was dumped in the forest at Tongseng in Lumshnong area of ​​East Jaintia Hills.
All these are the punishments of God on those nations that do not recognize and fight against the Word of God.
After seeing it, Dr. Syiem pulled the brut shut bniat through her mouth, used tools to remove the brut shut bniat and finally came out.
Shillong, June 29: A woman from Khlieh Tyrshi, today alleged that she was raped by Bah Lumlang Lyngkhoi, Officer In Charge of Khliehriat Police Station.
When asked, he said, “I haven't received any information yet, but I've only seen it through the media.
Vinesh has also made her proposal for the player's desire to train in Spala; Poland for 11 days at the Olympic Preparation Centre.
The film was written and produced by Friday Kharbani and was also released by Melvin Mukhim as the chief guest at a function held at Vanni's Hall Pyngdengrei.
However, there is a big difference between strength with knowledge, understanding, humanity and unfounded zeal.
Shillong, Lber 30: The National Health Mission (NHM) Meghalaya on Tuesday announced that it has released a grant of T.53 crore for the implementation of the Meghalaya ASHA Benefit Scheme (MABS) and the Meghalaya ASHA Benefit Scheme (MABS). Maternity Benefit Scheme (MMBS) to ASHA workers who provide services under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in Meghalaya.
The Government has declared these rivers to protect the fish to prevent the slaughter of fish.
Sini Shetty is from Karnataka and is studying as a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA).
The teacher also alleged that Dr.C.Vargese, who had planned to commit a crime and when he could not do the crime against her, because she did not allow, she said that he had planned to commit a crime. The Principal has completely rejected the teacher.
The Seng has demanded that foreign technicians who are not able to do so, should have their documents according to the order from the documents offices. .
Mulang Ialong, in the second half, scored another goal through Charelang Mulieh 35' and this goal encouraged the team of Ialong and gave them more strength to play. Your goal will be to avoid scoring a goal.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed between the State Government led by B Hajong, Director, Employment and Craftsmen Training and Mr. SP Joshi, Consultant, Tata Motors Private Limited.
Replying to a question by Teinwell Dkhar, MDC of the UDP from Shella, Grace said that the tender has been called for the project.
The book was launched by the ADC of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah Alertson Nongbri who was the Chief Guest at the meeting in the presence of Bah Raphael Warjri, Chief Guest.
Farmers plant rice for their own consumption and to sell in the market.
In this regard, they said that the meeting held recently, has decided to stand firmly on the ground to strongly oppose this plan of the government.
Umsning July 22: “Some of my friends have told me that the AIADMK is now in power in KHADC. “I am surprised that he has explained that AIADMK means All In All Di-Mak Kharab,” said Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP in the state and MLA of Nongthymmai. The General Council of the UDP Umsning Circle was held at the Auditorium, Umsning.
Benedic scored the second goal in the 7th minute and Roland in the 9th minute.
He quickly struck by ringing and breathing and walking through the air.
Bah B Mukhim, BA, LLB, Shillong.
Participating in the Question Hour, Sohra MDC Titosstarwell Chyne asked the Council's role in the demarcation of the boundary in the second round. Therefore, before signing the MOU, it must have the confidence of the KHADC and it must be in accordance with all.
ft (8698.60sq, metres), there are also up to 7 court rooms.
Pomshutia CC tied for 81 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 17.5 overs.
The Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi said plainly, “Whoever says that religion has nothing to do with politics does not understand what religion is”.
Another seasonal change they observed was in genes related to metabolism.
With confidence she sat down and was accompanied by a man from Sonapur, who was driving the car.
In fact, Mahato understands that it is not easy for them to walk on the moon, but he says that both of them sit in their yard and like to turn their eyes. to the moon and when the eyes turn to the moon, the love also grows stronger and stronger between them, he said.
Hundreds of trucks carry these stones every day.
Thank you very much.
“Last month, Dr Mukul said to invite Bah Lapang for dinner before inviting others when he builds a new house and this shows that he respects Bah Lapang,” he said. Process.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Wahiajer Stadium. District.
NONGSTOIN: Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat, who is also the President of the NPP District Unit, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) will rule alone in and from Khasi & Jaintia Hills alone, up to 18 candidates will win.
Where is the desire to inform the people quickly when the silence and injustice starts from the office of the Chief Minister who is the highest authority in the government.
The KHADC dorbar has decided to take the matter back to another dorbar for further discussion.
Meghalaya has many leaders who have the voice to speak and explain to the people about the political situation.
In a complaint to Conrad, more than 100 ANMs said that they had gone to study from the government but after completing their studies, the state government has not taken into consideration and has not appointed them until these days from 2008 to the present.
The BJP MP's visit to the state is to discuss key issues facing the state such as the border issue, the mainland, education especially in relation to the CMJ University, ICDS scheme for children, the implementation of the NPR and the inadequate working methods of NEIGRHIMS. on these issues which have caused trouble in the state and to take the necessary action.
“He said that Christable came to take the children from him, he said where can I go to take the children from a person I don't know at all to come and take them, then he said that the bomb tied him. he is with the mother of his wife," she said.
The Food Corporation (NEF) Shillong, which is in charge of the distribution of foodgrains for the three states of the North East, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura, has announced that has released about 7.5 lakh metric tonnes of food items free of charge under the Prime Minister's Welfare Anna Yojana Scheme from June, 2020 to November,
He said that before he left, he gave a word to the officials of the department where he worked, “I will come back one day, not as an employee but I will sit on your head”. He said that this happened in 1978, and it was after he entered politics that Captain W. Sangma, who was the Chief Minister at that time, offered him something. He replied that he wanted Agriculture. He said that at that time he had fulfilled his promises and he rode on horseback on his superior officers at that time. .
““These 44 persons who have appealed to the Court, it is up to them how to implement the Rules and Acts and those who have the necessary documents, we will look into it.
The residents of these three villages when they need to go to Rambrai or Nongstoiñ and other places, have to walk for three to four hours to reach the place where the road is located.
They have arrested 24 people including women and men.
However, no casualties were reported and no one was injured in the incident which occurred in the Rennes area but the authorities have informed that they will have to Investigate the child as well as the teacher to find out the cause of the incident.
When I visited the Indoor Stadium Jiengkieng Nongthymmai yesterday, I was sad to see that the players had to compete in a place cleaned with mats. SAI Polo Shillong is not used by Judo players.
By renaming the scientists' residence 'U Tirot Singh' Guest House', it will benefit the visitors from all over the country who visit the Institute. The information related to Tirot Singh on this day will be a source of information for many people who do not know about the heroic deeds of Tirot Singh.
At the same time, the Minister said that the Ministry has tried to find ways and means to address the problems faced by the Home Guards.
He said that the Dorbar has also held a special prayer and offering for the welfare of the market, the increase in income and the smooth running of the khadar in the village as a whole.
In the football category, individual prizes including the top scorer were awarded to Bandarishisha Kharumnuid of Umthli Secondary School.
“As leaders, we should avoid doubting the claim that there are 13 MLAs; This news was written since 2018, but the truth is that they have been able to prevent the MLAs of the party from being thrown by others and they want to prevent this until the MLA elections in ".
The death toll from the coronavirus in China has risen to 2,100, with 108 deaths so far in China's Hubei province.
The practice of passing on to the father may be an example of what the West does as well as other large nations in the world.
However, inside the area, even after his return, he has not yet visited Manipur.
, Mawiong, Shillong, has sent to the police a birth certificate which appears to have been received from the SMHO, who registers the date of birth and death, at the Shillong Municipal Board. The birth certificate was written in the name of Manoj Kumar Ojha and sent to the police for verification. After checking, the police found that the birth certificate was forged.
“We will show unity to the world that as a nation we will win the struggle until the recruitment quota is revised,” he said.
Shillong, July 26: The PMGSY Wahlakhiat road has been destroyed by the natural disaster since July 3, 2015 and has turned into Mawjynthut. the sick and the afflicted.
Speaking at a meeting in Sohiong, the candidate, who is also the Minister of State, said, “I have estimated that if we get only 8,000 votes from the constituencies that the NPP does not have MLAs besides the votes from the constituencies. If the party has MLAs, it is enough for us to win.
Bahnah was also right.
As the oldest citizen in West Khasi Hills, I say this because (1) the employment rate is the same for the 100,000 Garo people and (2) the youngest Garo people. 260 contract teachers who have been dismissed from their posts are only from the 9th grade while Garo 'Dedengkre' has not been dismissed.
Especially in Meghalaya, where public awareness on organ donation is still very low and such workshops are important to inform and raise awareness among the public and to overcome mistrust. but to encourage the people that their contribution will be to protect the lives of others,” he added.
M.Shylla supported her with the hope that if she wins, she will bring about change in the constituency as a whole.
Shillong, July 4, 2013: Klemen Dkhar, Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village, Klemen V Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC and Lambokstarwell Marngar. The Sts.
All these candidates expressed their confidence and trust in the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and in one voice said that only the BJP can give a clean government and bring about peace. Meghalaya needs a lot of development.
The people should not be disappointed because they have received a government of their choice.
In a statement, Dr Cornerstone Wann, Public Relations Office of NEIGHRIMS, said that the hospital is still responsible for the treatment of those who have the disease. He also said that NEIGHRIMS will continue to look after the patients who come for treatment from abroad for the benefit of the people of the North East.
"I don't know what to do," Ambani said on Twitter.
It is also clear that the government and the MLA of this constituency do not look after the poverty and education in the rural areas.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FRMLD) today met with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and demanded that the Government should set up a Village Task Force Committee (VTFC). to strengthen the fight against drugs in the Pynursla area.
If there is a fire in any place, you can take the oxygen and the fire will go out.
AMTW&PA is the first registered or recognized association in Meghalaya and has already held the 1st and 2nd All Meghalaya Traditional Wrestling & Pankration Championships in 2022 at Madanrting and in 2023 at Meghalaya School. of Martial Arts (MSMA) Hq.
The Dorbar Shnong Kuliang has also warned those involved in the trafficking or smuggling of non-Indians that the Dorbar Shnong will take action against them without forgiveness, said a statement sent by the Secretary Shnong Kuliang, Ma. Perwon Tenth.
The UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh, Sohra MLA Titosstar Well Chyne, Mawthadraishan MLA Titosstar Well Chyne and Mawthadraishan MLA Titosstar Well Chyne have elected to lead the group. Allan Dkhar and Hamlet Dohling.
KHNAM, which won four MDC seats in the 2014 elections, now has only Adelbert Nongrum after Latiplang Kharkongor, James Ban Basaiawmoit and Process T Sawkmie have resigned. The party to join the PDF and then the Congress.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Jason S Mawlong said that the 75th anniversary of the village is not an easy one, in which the previous village leaders have faced many difficulties to lead. but it is through the vision of the leaders that the village has grown with the passing of the days and it is as it is now that there have been many changes in the population of the village. longbriew you are a man.
Police have informed all those vehicles seized to report to the traffic police to ensure that they have removed these powerful bulb lights which can cause accidents. All vehicle owners should not use these types of fireworks in their vehicles as it is a violation of the law.
It may be recalled that last month, many of the vendors in the square especially in Motphran, Bhoi parking lot inside the garage have been able to spread and sell their goods, but suddenly and on the first day they were allowed to sell.
On the other hand, the DC said that this is only an experiment and whether it is successful or not, it will be seen after implementation.
The scheme, which is 20.915 km long, is being implemented by the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) and funded by the World Bank at a cost of Rs. 26.5 crores.
Or is it because the government doesn't have money and if it doesn't have money, why don't you create a new district, a civil sub division or a block?
The question raised by the union is that there are no villagers who are eligible to get teaching jobs from the unreserved category. one caste group, is selected for up to 33 teachers, out of a total of 34 to be appointed.
Mrs. Gandhi accused Brahmananda Reddy of promising to stop the Telengana project.
Here you will understand that God gave Abraham the name of the father of faith, not by worshiping in the temple or in the synagogue by singing, but by journeying. and he went up into the mountain with his son Isaac.
The Mobile Phone (Hand Set) is now used by almost everyone from businessmen, office workers, contractors such as Mystery, Daju, juti makers as well as students and children. school.
He said that the COLKS not only teaches but also markets the umngap, where farmers can come and sell to them to sell them again.
In 2019, he won the MDC election from the NPP and in the mid-term Assembly elections in 2021, after the death of Bah David Nongrum, he won from the NPP. NPP. However, he was defeated in the 2023 MLA elections.
However, what is more shocking is that in the area where this incident happened in the past few years, there has been no action from the authorities, but it has been left without any response. Besides, the area is not a landslide area which can collapse in the event of heavy rainfall.
The match on Tuesday will be between Sawmer and Nangkiew Irat SC at 3:00 pm.
The song is produced by Donborlang Kharmawphlang and sung by Donborlang Kharmawphlang.
The order does not specify the date on which the coal transportation will be completed.
“It’s hard to believe because he’s still on the card at 22, but he’s been able to do amazing.
On the part of the President of the Youth Wing, Samla Everson Sumer and the Publicity Secretary, Samla Jameson Nongrum, they also extended their special thanks to all the parents, youth and the public who joined hands in the They also urged them to work together not only to bring about a clean environment in the village, but also to work together for other good deeds in the community. the community.
When asked about the online class, “We are ready to provide knowledge to the students online.
John said that the task of all the parties in KHADC is to protect the customs and traditions, to improve and honor the traditional rulers and not to abolish them. All 30 MDCs (one nominated MDC) in KHADC, have worked together and shared in the posts of CEM and EM. Council in the United States, all councilors are members without office.
According to reports, the suspect started committing this crime from 2022 until the end of June
“He also criticized the lack of medical equipment in hospitals especially the Ganesh Das Hospital.
“The price charged by MUDA for the construction of a house is for an area of ​​500 sq ft and the price is .50 paisa for an old or Assam type house,” said the Secretary.
Cheristerfield said the HNLC wants to talk only if the government refuses to set conditions because the HNLC wants to talk without any conditions.
Create ways and means for them to get their rights.
This year, 13 colors have been brought to Aitnar, and after all the colors have arrived, the 'Khnong Blai' has been brought.
Until now, there has been no Ordinance/Act to declare the State a Hynniewtrep Achik State, and the allegation is unfounded.
He urged those who oppose to come forward to the table of dialogue within a month.
In another match, Myrjai Sports Club beat Chyrmang Wah Sports Club 1-0 with Lamphrang Kyndait scoring the first goal for Myrjai in the 7th minute.
MLA.MDC, officer went face to face and said, “Let's open or write our names together because we have paid together to build these projects.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Mawkyrwat Circle has resigned after almost all the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing and the UDP Women Wing resigned. I am a member of this party.
But it is not so, when God created man and woman together in love, He gave them both to have perfect love, to be fully human, to lead in honor and dignity, and manhood. to receive this inheritance of God, as the master of the household, not the mynder, but the father.
He said the VPP will lodge a complaint with the state election authorities regarding the attempts of people to spread the party especially at this time when the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) ) is still in force across India due to the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
On the other hand, the AEEE and the Barefoot Trust have also started to establish relationships with various departments together to understand the problems and to open up steps one by one and try to implement first for example only in the several parts.
“I have a strong confidence in the people that they will elect me again this time so that I can continue on the issues I have already spoken about,” said Bah Adelbert.
The incident happened at 9:30 pm last night, when a diesel truck (ML-04-D-3577) was driving. from Guwahati to Shillong, but when they reached the scene, the truck suddenly overturned and caused the Umphniang inside the vehicle to spill on the ground.
Personally, I don't think it's right to oppose the love of anyone or anyone w, because I alone believe that love is greater than everything that in this world can give it to us.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shakliar expressed his satisfaction that Meghalaya has been able to select more athletes compared to the National Games held in Gujarat. that all those who have been given the opportunity to lead, should work hard for the sake of bringing glory to the state.
Despite the heavy surveillance by the police, the leaders of the SSA teachers, have gone to sit in a protest against the government which has not been able to release their salaries. 3 consecutive months, i.e. from April to November 2021.
However, from March 2020, the BSF has not allowed the residents of Muktapur to fish from the Bir Kympleng.
At the same time, he said that until the government listens to the demands of the people, they will not stop demanding.
In this regard, the Assistant Secretary of JTDA, Firstmoon Kharpomtiah, said that the JTDA invites all the truck drivers within the border of Jaintia Hills to attend the meeting. may conduct the activities of the Association.
“This policy will be submitted to the Cabinet meeting for a decision before implementation,” he said.
“From time to time we have invited and invited other ethnic parties who have the same principles to work together as one force,” said Bah Metbah.
It is learned that the suspect has been arrested.
Assistant Jailor Neil Warjri and Warder Sarai Thabah were shot dead by the militants at Williamnagar Jail in East Garo Hills district on 2nd June.
“However, now we have been able to generate revenue from the increase in revenue from hotels and others where the number of tourists has increased in the state,” he said.
The screening for the players will be held on the 11th and 12th June 2023 at the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongpoh from 11:00am to 4:00pm.
The organization also urges the clubs and associations in the war zone to work hard and come forward to take part in sports so that the youth can learn. can showcase their talent.
When you do it with your own mind or intention, it will lead to wrongdoing.
Shillong, July 12: Earlier, the National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday strongly opposed the government's extension of the term of office of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). elections.
After this, they turned on the electrical fire and it was found that the man who fell on the ground was Bah Cherish and the date was nearby.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The sudden passing away of Bah Horju Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh (Bah Don) has been a great loss to the party. His joining the party in a short period of time is an encouragement to all because he is a man who has grown up in the political field and who has given service to the nation in many ways and especially He has served as a Member of Parliament for many years and also as a Leader of the Sohiong Constituency.
The countries that will participate in the tournament include the USA, Vietnam, Uzbekistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Zambia, Thailand and others. The deadline for entries to this tournament is on 1st November.
The Khasi tympew is different from these types of tympew.
Since the beginning of the Russia-Ukraine war last year, there have been reports of Russian President Vladimir Putin's poor health in recent years. .
Residents said that the police temporarily blocked the road near the Civil Hospital and were searching for a suspected bomb, but later they were allowed to walk again.
Adil Rashid, who runs the website Mohamaddiyantrust.com, went to the District Magistrate's office to protest against the decision. it is an obstacle to Muslim worship.
Khanduli is one of the seven border dispute areas where talks are still ongoing despite the fact that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the talks will start next month.
Do they not have the right to live like other servants of the nation? If our honorable leaders had remembered their foundation, wouldn't our state have become a model state in India? They wear all kinds of clothes to decorate their churches but why do they reach their workplaces in the middle of the month and many of them change their appearance and colour? ? Why should thousands of people and villagers who come to be famous in their glory be destroyed? Did Jesus teach to despise the lowly and the ignorant? Does He also teach us to work quietly under the table or does His 1/10 work among other people? Hasn't the Christian light in them been darkened? How else are the villages and towns around the Khasi Hills?
As it is clear that this club has also started collecting entry fee from the public and when there is a collection of money from the public we understand that this is a business.
Speaking to media, NPP spokesperson HM Shangpliang, former MLA of Mawsynram, said, “The purpose of setting up these committees from Block, District to State is to strengthen the party. As you have seen how the NPP is preparing to strengthen the party by appointing members to lead the state, the State Committee has already been appointed by the President of the Party.
President -Shri James Sutnga Vice president – ​​Shri Lekijuh Sayyoo General Secretary – Shri Sambha Pakem Asst Secretary – Shri Monday Sutnga Finance Secretary – Shri Emlang Sutnga Treasurer – Smt Phyrnai Sutnga Education Secretary – Smt Sambha Pakem Adbiner Prostor Pakem Probina Shri Shri – Shri Damian Pakem Publicity Secretary – Shri Dao Sutnga 18 members have been elected as full members of the Seiñ Kur.
The office of the Superintendent of Posts, Shillong, has been allowed to resume its work from tomorrow.
For various construction projects, he said the BJP has allocated T.4 lakh crore, 3500 kilometers of railway line, railway stations, 500 stations and for roads the BJP government has allocated up to Rs 64,000 crore.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) has decided to work harder for the farmers by expanding the service of home delivery of Khasi jhur here. in the city of Shillong.
“When re-appointed today, the Syiem has been directed that as soon as he takes over, he must hold a dorbar with the Ministers, the Dorbar Pakil or the Dorbar Hima to discuss how to comply with the rules and regulations. “It is related to the issuance of permits to foreigners,” said Bah Pyniaid.
This is wrong because we have seen that states like Mizoram, Assam have 371 and there are also district councils and Article 371 and Sixth Schedule work together in these states.
Shillong, July 9 : Former MLA John Leslee K Sangma on Tuesday said that he has left the BJP because he cannot tolerate the attacks on Christians across India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this program is a small start to accomplish the goal.
They said that the government's taking over of public land is a threat to the food security.
He expressed his confidence that Kong Ampareen will win the election and there is no reason why the NPP will not win from Shillong and Tura seats.
Speaking on the relief measures in case of natural disasters, Dr. Langsiang suggested that they should not just listen but should come forward to inform immediately. authorities so that they can receive emergency assistance.
If you win or lose your scheme, you will be banned.
He said that her husband, who was with her at the time, was crying and so he called her to ask questions about what had happened.
Due to the suspension of funds, many of the funds have been released for the works of the KHADC including the footbridges. There is no hope of receiving the money.
This 'Dheng City' will lead to more and more problems for us all.
They (tenants) didn’t say they didn’t agree to leave but they put conditions and we’ll talk about it tomorrow.
“Besides, the farmers have to work hard all year round, the traders should not increase the price as it causes a huge loss.
Shillong: A woman who tested negative for coronavirus yesterday has tested negative again, according to recent reports.
The death toll includes EKH: 11 and WJH:
“It is very important to have such a meeting of Longkpa in order to discuss and develop not only for the strengthening of the Church in the spiritual life, but also for the Longkpa They have a responsibility in their homes and communities to work together to fight against many evil deeds that have affected the society and especially the drug trafficking has endangered children. “If we don't have that cooperation from all sides,” said Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency.
It won't happen now, it won't happen tomorrow and it won't happen ever like that".
“AITC is a party from Bengal, we have seen what happened in other states like Tripura where people joined initially and left after the elections,” he said.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Education have requested the Association to temporarily suspend and cooperate with the Government until it resolves the issue with the SMCs. The President of MSSASA said that the Symbud Prime Minister has informed that on November 19, last year, the State Project Director, Issued a letter to all District Mission Coordinators and directed all SMCs to send detailed information of teachers and bank accounts.
Speaking to reporters at the opening ceremony of the Shillong Press Club Building, Conrad said the meeting lasted for about an hour and a half and many issues were discussed. problems of the people on the border.
In Meghalaya, 5 constituencies have been reserved for Schedule Tribe (ST) candidates regardless of their ethnicity. This means that only those from the Khasi and Garo ethnic groups can contest from these 55 constituencies.
"Those people who used to consider others 'riewkai' and 'khawpud' become 'riewkai' and 'khawpud' themselves.
Ryndong Research – Bronze 11.
Speaking to reporters, the organizers said that they have already completed the two day photo shoot which was handed over to the Nongstoin Eco Tourism & Photographic Society (NeTPS) on Saturday. , has completed the audition to select the best contestants for the Miss Nongstoin contest and through the audition up to 24 beautiful girls have been selected to compete in the contest.
The President also strongly criticized those Khasi women who came forward to protect foreigners, saying that these women have no right to slow down and block the entry of the KHADC, but from the KHADC. The Hynniewtrep Ïewduh Association fully supports the KHADC to proceed with the inspection of foreign documents and the inspection of the market.
Cafe shops, a tourist information centre, traditional hubs and other recreational facilities will be built in Iooksi.
The song was written and composed by Macstar Nengnong and sung by Maxstar Nengnong.
The question for me and for us is, Have we begun to fulfill what the Lord Jesus Christ commanded us before He ascended to heaven which we can find in the Gospel of Matthew 28:1 -20, “Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: to keep all these things which I have commanded you.
Syllad.com, which visited the border areas of West Jaintia Hills District, found that the residents of the border areas have turned out to elect the leader.
“We have three district councils – KHADC, JHADC and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). (GHADC).
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized 95 coal trucks from different parts of the district in the past 10 months.
Samehi Laloo, President RC-Jowai and Rtn JM Pohsngap, Past President RC-Jowai delivered a welcome speech.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: The HITO Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Banpynskhem Kharnaior, President and Secretary, Bah Apbor Nongrum, Vice President and members of the HITO Ri-Bhoi District have left to tied tin at the house of MLA Umsning. They urged the MLAs of Ri Khasi Hills not to sleep idly, but to say something regarding the protest and demand for the renewal of the Reservation Policy in the state.
She said that political parties or candidates have their own issues and grounds to tell the people and it is not right for the people to be misled.
Thomas said the purpose of the MLA scheme is to create opportunities for the construction of infrastructure for the benefit of the people and to address the shortage of development works in the areas and not to improve the quality of life. political benefit as it is practiced in this State.
Police have registered a case under sections 341/326/307 IPC on 6/10/1
Replying to a question on the Central Government's introduction of the Sixth Scheduled Amendment, James said that there is no impact on the MDC elections or the upcoming MDC term. that the amendment of the 6th Scheduled will take time.
“Why Mawlynnong is clean is not because of the forced cleanliness but because of the spirit of the people.
He said this while joining the AJSU members and leaders from Shangpung Unit, Nartiang Circle, Jowai Circle, Mudop Unit who joined the JSM on Saturday at the Dorbar Hall of Khliehmyntriang, East. Jaintia Hills District.
John 3:18.
Shanbok Syad as President, Sambormi Lyngdoh as General Secretary and the motto of the party is “Tia Chaphrang Khon ka Ri”.
They have been charged under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to find out who else is involved. Two chess players from the State under the banner of the Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) have shown their skills. The 5th Ayodhana International FIDE Rating Chess Tournament 2023 was held recently in Guwahati, Assam.
The residents of this area have faced many problems even during the rainy season, because if they come or go to the markets in East Garo Hills such as Nengkram, Mangsang (Bamil), Rongjeng, East Garo Hills. The Khasi villages that used to go to the market in Garo Hills are Nongkabur, Nongjri, Nongumkap and others.
George said that if the leaders are still stable in their own political parties, it is difficult to bring about unity but to bring about mutual benefit, the leaders need to unite first.
Many Gorkhas have been excluded from the National Register of Citizens (NRC) because they do not have proper documents.
The names of the Rangbah who joined the UDP Mowkaiaw Circle from Umdeinlin Village are Phamris Lyngdoh, Marki Kanai, Wedly One Iakai, Eris Lyngdoh, Harman Phuli and Heimonmi Paslein.
Her relatives flew her body from Delhi to Shillong.
That means, our nation will lose its land, property and at that time we will be expelled from this beloved country like other minority nations of the world.
The meeting also condemned the statement of Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma against the Meghalaya government and the Congress party.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of UDP Mawlai Circle, who congratulated the MLA for taking the initiative to promote sports activities. his own eyes regarding his assistance to many sports clubs and other athletes.
Lydia asked and thought about how to express what was in her heart.
However, now it has been seen that there is a conflict and the domination of one group over another among us. This has destroyed the country and the nation and not only the desire for fame and glory. sometimes between one group and another group does not lead to good but produces evil where differences of opinion have arisen.
“It is not right to say that the victory of the four candidates is due to the song but because the people wanted change and perhaps the emergence of the song has helped the VPP. it's wrong,” said Bah Smiling.
Because the violence and gang fighting in the area has intensified, the Haitian people are now facing problems ranging from food shortages and others.
Shillong, July 20 : The new Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday vowed to take strict action against foreigners who operate their property without following the rules and regulations. the rules of the District Council.
He said that KHNAM has taken this initiative because it sees that the youth have lost hope even to apply for government jobs.
The villages, Raids and Himas that attended the meeting were Raid Deshdomria, Burdwar, Nongwah Mawtamur, Langpih Section and Block II. Raid Mynsaw, from the Kingdom of Khyriem, the Kingdom of Nongtung, the Kingdom of Nongkhlaw.
The house of Kong Jun Ïakai from Kseh Village in Sumer District was allegedly burnt down this morning at about 5.00 pm.
We cannot deny the fact that these protests have affected many people, but the worst thing will be if we cannot stop the central government's legislation to allow foreigners to enter the country. India and especially in Meghalaya where the Khasi minority is less than 100 percent compared to other majority minorities.
“I am afraid that these differences in the announced figures regarding the expenditure of the funds allocated by the Central Government for the prevention of Covid-19 in Meghalaya may be a looting or misuse of the funds. “It's illegal under the IPC,” said the former MLA.
These towns are Sengkezong and Daglungzong in Cona county, Manigang, Duding and Migpain in Medog county, Goling, Damba in Zayu county, I'm from Meghalaya in Lunze County.
Police said that the body of the woman has been taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
TMC candidate SG Esmatur Mominin spoke to the injured party worker, who was bleeding.
Ramkumar S, IAS, CEO Megha Health Insurance Scheme and Additional Secretary Health & Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, signed the agreement on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya with LS Puni Isaac, Assistant Manager, National Insurance Company Limited signed the agreement in the presence of James PK Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and other officials.
Before the lockdown, the fare from Chiehruphi to Khliehriat was only 50 tyngka, but after the lockdown, the fare has increased by 100 tyngka. thep mrad shu sat down on the ground.
“We will take a decision that will be in the best interest of the students of the state,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the EM of Labor Department, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the District Council has given a license to private individuals or agents to do the work as the District Council does not have enough staff to manage the work. claim.
On the same day, the unit first held a marathon in the morning in which the children took part in the race and at 10 pm there was another shooting. among the residents of the village and after these followed the awards ceremony.
In addition, because you don't have a UC, you don't know if you've misused the money or the fund.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: After 40 days of cold weather in West Khasi Hills, which occurred on the evening of 5th June at about 7:00 pm, (in many villages However, they have not yet received any assistance and one of these villages is Mawsyrpat village which is just a few kilometers from Seinduli village in West Khasi Hills District.
In the northern states, many Dkhars have lost their lives just because of the natural disasters.
All schools from Secretaries, Heads or Leaders of Schools are requested to attend the meeting on the 30th November 2019 at 11:00 am at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar. Kharbuli, Genl.
According to the parents who accompanied their children, some of them should have written at 1 pm but they had to write at 3 pm and those who should have written at 3 pm are still staying at the ground floor of the building, and had not yet been able to enter.
After recovering, he moved to Tenchong, on the border with Myanmar, near Ruili, but because of diabetes, he began to suffer from other diseases. and so he had to go for treatment again.
We will continue to pray for our political leaders and all those in power to bring back peace and justice to everyone,” the statement concluded.
The price of petrol will rise to T.76.70 per liter in Nagaland in the coming days.
He said that Sohra is no longer a rural area where various educational institutions will come and the NIT will be opened soon and without fail the need will be high.
“Mawkynrew has developed in many ways in collaboration with the village authorities as well as the residents.
“From large subsidies, which will be delivered directly to the bank accounts of the people, to low-interest loans from banks, the central government will ensure that there will be no burden on the people in the country. operating costs.
This will help the health of the people, said Bah PT Sawkmie.
cases are from outside the state, 5 cases are from NEIGRIHMS Hospital including one doctor, one patient, one nurse, one high risk contact of Three persons are high risk contacts of a person who came from a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort and two persons are from Lumpyngngad, East Jaintia Hills. In West Jaintia Hills, one case is from Jowai Civil Hospital, one case is from Amlarem and one case is from Assam.
He said the government will also set up exit and entry points at railway stations in the state.
Stressing that the duty of the department is to ensure the protection of women, she said that the 'Mother App' launched by the department informs the residents of any village in advance – how much mothers who are about to give birth in that community, how many mothers are at risk of pregnancy, how many are in need of urgent access to health facilities and how many mothers or unborn children are don't worry about diseases.
MBBA General Secretary CJ Bamon and MYA General Secretary B Deb said in a statement that there will also be a selection trial for the Zonal, National Body Building and Yogo.
When asked, he said that the people of Meghalaya themselves have wanted a change in the rule of law and when they want a change they should remember only the Congress party and this is because as it is, The MDA government is not working well.
He also congratulated the Seng ki Writers for taking the lead in the struggle to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Efforts have also been made to ensure that the beneficiaries receive a monthly allowance of T.500/-.
That is, after Jesus Christ, God sent the Holy Spirit into the world, which Jesus Himself said – “If ye love me, keep my commandments.
At this time of crisis, the government has ordered the people to stay at home, but without electricity in these hot places how can the people stay at home.
Shillong, Nailar: The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has received the body of a patient who has died. Rockstar Ryntathiang, 29, resident of Langkyrding, Shillong.
However, they will try their best to work hard to win again in the next election.
The cloth merchant is a cloth merchant by inheritance, which is continued and improved by the elder sons over time.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha has admitted that other political parties have been surprised by the rise of the BJP party and will form a BJP government in the state.
Nongpoh: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday welcomed Evarist Marsing to the party at Tyrso village and announced him as the party's candidate from the BJP. For the 2023 election from Mawhati Constituency, the BJP leaders in the state have urged the people of Mawhati to stop voting for other parties. They should elect the BJP so that development works will come smoothly and for the benefit of the people of the state as a whole.
Executive Members of the UDP, including Teinwel Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer and Rona Khymdeit, have opposed Ardent's plan. it is a violation of the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Speaking on the theme of the National Voters Day 2023 “Nothing Like Voting, I Vote for Sure”, he said that the citizens should participate actively in the election and urged everyone to understand the value of voting. encourage those who have reached the age of majority to participate in the election to be held in the state on 27th June.
The MLA thanked the parents who welcomed their children to attend the training.
According to Bah Syiem, he is pleased to lead this protest by the people who strongly oppose the state government's position to pass the Rangbah Shnong Act and implement the Meghalaya Building Bye-Laws, 2011 in to the District Council.
“We will wait for a while for the State Government to follow up on this issue and if we don't follow up with the Government we will hold a large public meeting,” said Dr. Nonglait.
On the other hand, he said that if the Government is not willing to do so, it would be better for it to provide weapons such as guns, bullets and other weapons to the people on the border so that They should protect their land and livelihood because at present there is no confidence in the State Police.
The Enforcement Police of KHADC led by Superintendent Polan Sohphoh today raided the shops which were closed in the building of Kong Deoris to reopen them. From now on, it can open its shops to Khasi or foreigners but they must have a Trading Licence.
The protest started with a march from the ground floor of the Community Hall Khliehriat West to the main road in Khliehriat village which is the capital of East Jaintia Hills District.
The second session of the dorbar was held on November 10, 2019, at Tura, and declared 2020 as the Year of the Farmers. Meghalaya Farmers Day will be celebrated on November 4 every year.
Hercules Suting, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi, said that according to the information received by the HYC, there are about 19 cases in the state and in Ri Bhoi alone there are three cases. Mawtari Myrdon village under Umsning Block, Nongrim Synjai village under Umling Block and another under Jirang Block. as in Mawtari Myrdon, it has been a shame, because the building has not been completed, and now it has turned into a forest.
Referring to the Government's monitoring, Minister Duh said that more than 1.5 lakh health centers are being brought closer to people's homes across the country to provide testing and first aid. .
New Delhi: The Government of India today extended the distribution of rice and ration to 80 crore poor people in the country for another three months. , is due to expire in November this year.
Researchers say that thousands of people die each year from eating and drinking.
The rules imposed by China are that anyone who drives on the highway will be imprisoned for up to twelve days and fined 500 yuan £58.
Shillong: U DP Working President Paul Lyngdoh on Saturday said that he has no intention of contesting the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency next year.
LMYA scored 173 runs for the loss of three wickets in 20 overs.
Maitshaphrang Khongjee of Nongpdeng scored 45 runs off 25 balls.
We as the public have the right to access information by applying and seeking our information through this Act.
Bah Philip Marwein, Via Email. 10 years MP from 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency Bah VH Pala has been leading this constituency but unfortunately he has not done the work as expected by many people. Constituency.
God knows best who will repay evil with worse and more terrible things to them and their families.
This war on plastic pollution has affected our state, India and the world as a whole by posing a serious threat to future generations if we do not surprise people.
The Asian Cricket Council (ACC), led by BCCI chief executive Jay Shah, has announced that it can accept and approve the proposal of PCB chief Najam. Sethi on the Hybrid Model for holding the four Asia Cup matches without the Indian team in Pakistan; The remaining matches will be played in Sri Lanka in Galle and Pallekele.
Referring to the scheme received by the MLAs, Avener said that in the first year they will release Rs 40 lakh for the construction of the Madan Malki.
Ashok Bagriya, a journalist, said one television channel has all its employees in Mumbai who have contracted the disease.
Most of the participants from Sohra have registered for the Run For Fun 5k which has reached 2500 participants from 13 schools,” said MSOA General Secretary Bah Finely Pariat. on Friday.
Previously, there were only 10 trucks per day, but now there are 10,000 trucks per day.
At these meetings, it was heard that children and adults have taken the decision to eliminate plastic bags from the state.
“How can the Governor say that peace and order is enough, this is a myth,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Minister acknowledged that the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has written to the government that she has not received the land for this purpose.
According to another information, the emergence of the HSPDP will also give more power to the MLA as there are now about two candidates who have applied for the ticket from the HSPDP. The HSPDP includes Biolynda Nonglait and Damian Marshangbai.
“And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come” (Matthew 24:14).
When I say that they don't know the liem ka lup or the lar ka kem, it means that they don't know the meaning behind this song and they don't know that it has up to 6 verses. tip and have lyndet only two verses.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (ACA) has demanded that the government should provide a public explanation on the Supreme Court's order on the mining and transportation of coal in the state.
Let's think.
There is one fan who wrote, 'I first heard this song I gave the people when I listened to the lyrics it hurts my heart, I wish you all the best for Bah Khraw. to the songs.
The dismissal of these officers and the intention to appoint others is an evil plot by the government to protect Conrad's people, said the Movement.
They also informed that there are many jobs in which the group has already established contacts in different countries where the demand for staff is high such as nurses, staff in hospitals. and others in Japan and Germany but in these countries it is necessary to pass two levels in Japanese and German.
To bring out the unique talents of the students.
Besides, the President said that the party is always on the path of peace but if it takes advantage of this peace, it will have to think of ways and means how to turn that peace into a path of peace. the way to answer.
The Wholesale Price at Khliehriat is Rs.28.75p, Wholesale Price at Sonapur Oil Agency will be at Rs.28.96p and at Sutnga Sub- Depot the Wholesale Price has been fixed at Rs.32.06p.
Tomorrow, Mooknor Thadmuthlong will play against Panaliar at 3.00 pm.
About 120 people attended the meeting and some of them came forward to undergo HIV/STI screening.
Pakistan's Muslim leader today accused the coronavirus of being God's mercy to the world because people have neglected their own bodies.
We used to complain that taxi drivers charge too much, but now that the meters have been installed, we should think that the taxi driver should not use the meter when we ride a taxi.
“This is an old issue but the question is whether we can get it or not because if we get it it will be better because the younger you are the better you can work and serve well.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 23: The desire of the people of Rambrai area to have a good road has come true as the first phase of the construction will be completed within next year.
The union has criticized the government for not giving any government land to the private sector in the past, but this time the government has taken this decision. long and hard for what you have decided.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 126 recoveries and 4 deaths. All of them have not been injected.
TMC Youth Leader Richard Marak, who contested against the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, from South Tura constituency (on TMC ticket) has been arrested on charges of distributing money. to the people, who were accused of involvement in the riots that happened on Tuesday in Tura.
JOWAI: The Chekri Diam Tourist Taxi Drivers Union and the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Circle have held a rally in Amlarem to protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). .
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma last year signed a social border agreement in seven areas between the two states. It does not own these border areas in four villages, which have caused disputes between the two states.
There are 5 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in Ribhoi District, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
Jowai, July 22 : The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District today joined hands with the state to celebrate the 51st Anniversary of the State at a meeting held at the Conference Room of the Office of the District Administration. Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
The purpose of this one day program is to provide detailed information on how to protect those children who are at risk of life and child trafficking in the District and neighboring countries.
Shillong, Nailur 19: A meeting between the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Chief Secretary of Assam on the issue of resolving the border dispute between Assam and Meg. The meeting had to be suspended due to the curfew called by the Sengbhalang.
Speaking about the driving licence, it is impossible not to ask, many of the drivers, where and how they got their driving licence, because even among those who have but the manner of driving does not indicate that they have actually obtained their driving licence.
Regarding the PHC, it was learned that since the past few years, the government has been preparing to upgrade the PHC to a CHC. The government has already allocated funds for the construction of the CHC. Nongstoiñ, Nailur 9: Pulanchi Momin, 19, daughter of Donjeng T. Sangma, Nongchram Rongjeng, West Khasi Hills District, has gone missing from her home. it's been a few days.
Shillong, November 6: 'If you have enough food and drink, how many months have you stayed here?' .
The 50th Anniversary celebration was attended by Lok Sabha Member Vencent H Pala.
Until one writer said, “If Jesus Christ had appeared first, Mahatma Gandhi would have been Christ”.
The houses damaged were the houses of Kong Jamin Surong, Judia Nongrum, Kristina Nongrum, Kyrkhu Longshiang and Hame Bina.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 27: Thousands of participants have participated in the fish fishing tournament held at RRTC Umran today. Those who had been waiting since morning to catch fish, were angry after they learned that a man had brought and thrown away a fish that had been brought from abroad and had not died.
"The KSU has expressed its surprise how these foreigners have been able to enter the state without testing for COVID-19 and without proper documents to confirm their residence permit and other documents. They should not receive from the Labor Department of the State Government.
In a letter sent to the party's Vice President, Ardent, he said, “It is useless for me to lead the party, when as a party, we cannot control our own MLAs”.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association and the Taekwondo Association of Ri-Bhoi District, including General Secretary Jadumani Singh and President Manoj Singh, were also present on the occasion. and others.
At the same time, he urged all the residents of both these villages to cooperate with the Government in the fight against this disease by following all the guidelines of the Government and the Ministry of Health.
Dr.C.Lyngdoh, Dr.C.Lyngdoh, who has many desires to transform the Umsning Constituency, will work hard and would like to extend his special thanks to all the supporters. and those who have not been supported at this stage to work together for development purposes.
It doesn't matter because I am determined to work for the people to accelerate development works,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
