The former HSPDP leaders were welcomed by David Nongrum MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency in the presence of Ardent Basaiawmoit and Robesstar Kharpran, General Secretary Mawryngkneng Youth Congress.
“We will have a video conferencing with all the Deputy Commissioners tomorrow where we will share information on these rules,” he said.
He said that there are no coal mafias in the state but there are only groups.
Commenting on her life journey, Merida said, “I am grateful to the Dalmia Bharat Foundation for the opportunities it has provided which has paved the way for change, besides the knowledge of computers and getting a job to work for myself has changed my life, now I am married and live with my husband and support my family and brother".
Madanpalle Police Station has taken the parents to the police station for further investigation.
Ma Vincent, who is also the MP of Shillong, has admitted that during his tenure as MP, he has tried many ways to create jobs for the youth. He said that he will meet with the Police, Army and other departments like the CRPF and others to discuss how to recruit the youth of the state through various Recruitment Camps in the state. There has been a provision to increase the physical fitness of young people through the establishment of gyms.
The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners Association (WJHTODA) has announced that from tomorrow Monday, all taxis in Jowai will operate.
Similarly, the highway connecting Damera (Nowgong) with Jaintiapur, Bangladesh, passes through this village.
He said that it is a suffering family when the mother of these four children does not have a healthy body, but even in that illness she cannot go to work. who only has food for himself and his children.
He said that there is no cure for the disease, but the symptoms in the body of the cows have been treated.
The DEO of Ri Bhoi District, has urged the public to report to the Civil App/ if they find anyone holding meetings without permission or violating the rules of the MCC. 1950, prevented the DEO office from doing what was necessary.
Even if a person who is in prison mentions it, if he mentions the right thing, I will accept it so that I can correct myself.
Shillong, November 08: The Congress Committee on Tuesday said that the victory of the Congress in Himachal Pradesh or its defeat in Gujarat will have nothing to do with the victory or defeat of the Congress in Gujarat. state in the upcoming MLA elections in
Shillong: The State Government today banned the internet for 48 hours due to the presence of insulting and discriminatory posts. to disrupt the peace and order in Shillong.
All these cause stress and anxiety and this leads to a lack of use of online courses and reading or writing is interrupted and without all the children drop out of school part time.
Four prisoners who escaped from Jowai District Jail in Shangpung Thadmuthlong, West Jaintia Hills District on Sunday, were shot dead by a group of people. The incident happened at about 3 pm.
After the meeting with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, Pariat expressed his satisfaction that the CEM has promised to cooperate with the demand to recognize the kurs within the boundary of the Council. The law on the recognition of Waheh Shnongs and Dolloi has been fully implemented.
The nurses have staged a 10 hour strike so that it will not affect the patients who are being treated inside the hospital and they have also chosen the time from 1 pm to 2 pm which is their meal time. so that it does not interfere with the work of the hospital.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, has received heavy rainfall in the past 24 hours from 8.30 am to 8.30 am today, with 187.0mm of rainfall.
He said that there are about 50 people who have faced such a problem but until now no one has dared to complain even to the police because the employees of the Post Office say that if they complain to the police they will and they shall not receive any more of their money.
He said that at present there is no discussion and it will be held soon after the central government passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 or the Citizenship Act for Hindus from Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Pakistan. Sikhs, Parsis, Jains and Christians to become citizens of India.
Then he sacrificed the Blang and when he had finished sacrificing it he gave it to Duhulia to kill the Blang.
The fee is T.
Commenting on the allegation of a petrol pump in Nongspung, West Khasi Hills, Kennedy said, “In these days, some people have been affected and one petrol pump in Nongspung, West Khasi Hills has been affected. from the charge of cleaning the water.
RJTA President Paila Kordor Lyngkot said that the lockdown has caused a lot of trouble to the traders who sell various goods as it is the first day of the month that the traders have brought their goods to sell. but all the day long in the marketplace.
Speaking to media, Bah Hek said he has seen that in the last two or three years many government programs have appeared as NPP programmes. of the government have become the programs of the political party.
Politics is not for the rich or for thieves, deceivers and murderers or for scholars or high-ranking officials.
If the farmers bring only 50 tyngka of sohsaw at the price of 70 tyngka per kilo or 50 byrni of sying at the price of 40 tyngka per kilo, the traders will receive 48 tyngka from the field to the field. and 80 pieces of silver for the sheep.
I have served the paid farmers through the fields and they are very grateful to me.
Shillong, July 16: The Uranium Corporation of India LTD through Bah FD Rynjah OSD UCIL, Shillong has clarified that the Uranium Corporation of India (UCIL) has issued a statement in an article titled He said that there was no meeting between the officers and engineers of the department and the Chief Secretary of the state.
Why is it that when you test, you are positive, but you don't have any symptoms, such as fever, headache etc? Is the Covid-19 pandemic a hoax? 5.
Prophecy : the prophecy is the prophecy that comes out of the mouth, that is not understood by men; This is an event that happened as foretold.
“What will happen to those who have been serving for only 5 years,” said the KSU Umjaiur members.
"Said Bah Shanbor, Hep's father. "I forgot to send the lock of the house to your mother..." said the father. Hep said, “Yes, it is my son...” Father agreed. Bah Shanbor ordered two of those Rangbah to go with him to his house. for the safety of his family.
The demand for the establishment of a C&RD Block in Namdong in West Jaintia Hills District has been going on since 2013. The village has donated land to build an office on an area of ​​18.48 acres and has already been signed. Social and District Administration of West Jaintia Hills.
The match between the two teams was very interesting but nothing could be done to separate them from the match.
He said that from time to time the members of the Regional Committee have told the media that the boundary settlement in Langpih sector will be expedited as soon as possible. , but it is not known why the matter is still pending.
“Who can blame the officers or government officials from the department for not taking care or even to inspect the working methods of the office which has been left empty without employees and not even a single document? “It was not seen,” said a statement from the party.
It is impossible to list all the different types of diseases and over the years hospitals have become overwhelmed, drug stores or pharmacies have become more and more crowded with customers and treatment for patient was demanding more and more.
Speaking to media, Bah Shangpliang said the government also plans to include NCERT books for use in schools.
Ri-Bhoi is also known as the land of soh u pai because it has the best soil for crops especially soh varieties.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The KSU Central Body under the leadership of its General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa today held a meeting to discuss the issue. to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar to inform him of the grievances of the people, whose names have been missing from the ration list issued by the government.
Not only that, it was decided to merge the Syndicate Bank with the Canara Bank, while the Andhra Bank and the Corporation Bank will merge with the Union Bank of India.
There were also those who said that during the lockdown this morning, some of the students had to get out of their vehicles to walk to school, but the students had to get out of their vehicles and walk to school. They are most concerned to express that if someone is seriously ill and needs to go to the hospital immediately.
AIS SujaJisu, you are the name of all names.
Rephica also ran 24 hours in Delhi and completed 165 km in 2021 and came sixth, including in the 6 hour race at Guwahati Stadium organized by NEEPCO. hours and she won a gold medal and many other races she took part in across the country.
On the other hand, the JSU also congratulates the DC for taking the initiative to allow the market dwellers and vendors to sell in the suitable place arranged by the market management.
“There are people who have just come to live in our village, Konwan Suchen, Mankhraw Lyngdoh and Cornilius Rani, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpun. you have misled your inhabitants.
PER.222/71/138, Dated Shillong, the 12th January, 1972) and the Roster System announced through the Office Memorandum, dated 10th May 2022 (OM) based on the decision of the Meghalaya High Court (Case). no.
On May 24, 2023, ACHIK leaders and other groups met with the Prime Minister, Minister of PHE, DC and other government officials.
He said that the party is surprised that the DC has not paid attention to the petition sent to the former DC, because at that time there was an arrangement from the religious leaders and elders along with the leaders of the party. “The registration process has been temporarily suspended, but now the new DC has implemented the registration process without respecting the feelings of the party and the people,” said the Samla. Lambok Rhythm.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : The Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur inaugurated the third session of the Annual Conference of Indian Information Service Officers at Vigyan Bhavan.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Former MLA of Sohra constituency Dr. PW Khongjee has joined the BJP to contest the 2018 MLA elections from Sohra.
Two levels (State and District Council), when the purpose is the same, is only a waste of public money.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum has criticized the Executive Committee of the PDF of KHADC for amending the rules of the Village Administration Bill. (VAB) by removing the strong rules and adding the weak ones.
It can also be judged whether the city is wise or the village wise to elect their public leaders.
Dr. John L. Sailo Ryntathiang, owner of Bethany Hospital Shillong, passed away on 15th June at 2.30 pm after undergoing treatment for Covid-1
Speeches were also delivered by the General Secretary of the HYC Mawryngkneng Circle Bah Riskhembha Kharkamni. The Village Leaders and Nongmihkhamat have not taken into consideration the responsibility assigned to them as the supervisors of the villages and the problems of the people of the area as a whole.
Second : Wilt thou destroy the righteous with the wicked ? :- Abraham as a father of believers in the living God when he saw and understood that God was angry to destroy the wicked nation, he thought how the righteous would die with the wicked.
Meanwhile, he said that the Mawhati MLA has fled to Guwahati and police have sought assistance from Guwahati police to arrest him but have not been arrested yet.
According to John F Kharshiing, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the government is setting up an Expert Committee on this issue and is also seeking the opinion of the District Councils.
The station is adjacent to the Donbok Service Center Assam Oil which is only a few kilometers from Pynursla.
There is only one HNLC in the 7trep and the GNLA is not the private company of the CM.
The struggle of the retired deficit school teachers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association for the pension is worthwhile.
Therefore, according to the clear rules, it is the duty of the District Council to protect the trade of the tribal villagers from the invasion of the trade authorities of the Dkhars or non-tribals.
Shillong: The Hyniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle (HYC) has started searching for foreigners from the 12th of this month. the state.
Sd/- HS Shooting,General SecretaryMob: 8787861208.
Tens of thousands of members of the Presbyterian Church from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills have attended the 22nd Youth Service of the KJP Synod Mihngi which was held at Moodymmai Nein Presbyterian Church on Sunday.
HEBREW – ISRAEL – JEWThe Psalm of the Tribulation is very similar to that of the children of Israel as it appears in the Bible.
The age limit for participation is: Age +18 years, category; Men and Women.
“Our Khasi children don't get to sell wai dong, but they (foreigners) stand there and sell alu muri, they sell aiu aiu who supports them? If there is an incident between a foreigner and a Khasi, a Khasi child is arrested.
The hearing has been fixed for 5th November 2016 and the Supreme Court is surprised that the state government has been silent on the decision of these judges.
The NPMH has held this meeting to discuss issues related to the peace talks in the state.
The letter was sent to the General Secretary of the WJH District Congress Committee, Rikut N Pareiñ.
“All private vehicles including taxis, buses and others have joined hands with us to hold this indefinite strike,” said Bah Jyrwa.
He said that after the heavy rainfall, the robbers tried to smuggle these goods to Bangladesh through the river by lifting them from the water, but the troops managed to stop and seize these goods. .
Banteidor Stngkrem scored in the 27th minute and Arkini Laloo in the 60th minute.
In a statement, NPP National President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the State, said, “We have spoken to the leaders of the PDF and we have also spoken to them on the the way to come together with us.
Unemployment Certificate from Employment Exchange, Labor Department for those who have completed their studies/Self declaration for unemployment for those who have not attended school.
In the past 24 hours, 669 new cases have been confirmed and three people have died, while 135 people have recovered.
India has risen to the top of the innovation index.
The program is part of the Baichung Bhutia Football School Residential Academy's 100 trials at 100 venues across India.
Conrad said that farmers have already invested in many areas of agriculture and that the need for assistance is very low in terms of storage facilities. logistics, financial assistance and implementation of policies that will further develop agriculture.
IEC vehicle arrives in West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi HillsThe IEC vehicle of this campaign has arrived in West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills, which aims to provide information about the schemes of the Government.
He said that when he advised them to go to the police, the family members wanted to take the child to Shillong for treatment and this happened on the 2nd of July and on the 3rd they went for treatment. to Shillong and on that day when they returned from Shillong, they lodged a complaint with the police and he, as the village headman, accompanied them.
Verma said the High Commission of India in Dhaka has followed up on the proposal of the Meghalaya government, the Ministry of External Affairs and the ICCR and has agreed to build the IGCC in Dhaka.
The incident happened at about 7:45 pm in front of the Catholic Church, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
Former leaders of Chutwakhu Sports Club were also present on the occasion.
However, all rice lacks calcium, a trace element that is essential for the human body and helps to build bones.
These include 143 cases from East Khasi Hills, 22 cases from West Garo Hills, 14 cases from Ri Bhoi, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills.
In another incident, on the 20th of this month at 9:30 pm, two persons identified as Iaishaniah Mynsong and Hep Kharsati together with their friends, shot and beat Baril Kharkongor, Mawmang (EKH), sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
The rickshaw driver, Jitendra, stabbed the woman several times in the neck, face, chest and hands.
Therefore, the security forces were able to rescue the refugees who were stranded in the area near the dew lynnong and were able to evacuate them to another vessel of the relief department.
I'm the khih, I'm the khan, I'm the chait, I'm the tram, I'm Kharan, I'm Skei, I'm Kharan wyrnai, I'm full of years and full of mania.
He said that the residents have already informed the fire brigade but as it is too far from the roads, the fire brigade has come but they have not been able to fight. with nothing more.
“Today is the fifth day since the complaint was lodged against them.
“The state government has decided to implement the requirement for foreign workers to register because the government is concerned about the entry of foreigners,” said Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly today. friday.
Sanitary pads were also distributed to the students by the Chief Guest.
The four dead were identified as Tagam Baja, Longku Tad, Yamen La and Saiful Islam.
The group congratulates Kynpham Umsong, Dari Rani, Nancy Khongsit, Mawlynnong Village, Wah-Rymben Achila, Vincent Ericson Khongdup, Amos Suting and Joel Kharrymba.
However, the truth remains that these parties which have started to suhthied now have started to disappear and we will not talk about those who are still suhkhlieh in these days,” said Conrad. He said that the Congress and TMC will not be able to win the elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
However, if there are many rules, I can go to other places where there are fewer rules,” said Sona, who is also the Chairman of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA).
The tournament was organized by the Uttarakhand Kickboxing Association under the auspices of the National Kickboxing Federation (NKF-NG) which has been recognized by the Asian Kickboxing Confederation.
Talks between the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the border issue.
They also demanded that the CEMu should revive the committee set up in the past years and this committee should look into the issuance of trading licenses.
Therefore, what is the greatest way to express our new identity as a nation? It can be said that the clearest and most obvious answer is in the form of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, which expresses the covenant that has been made. between man and God the Creator, when it is completely satisfied, man expresses his gratitude to God by joy and happiness along with the prayer that God will He will pour out his blessings on mankind so that they will be able to grow, earn, work, cultivate and grow in the blood of this earth, together with the ability to grow. To love oneself and respect others and to earn right.
Former Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla has alleged that the Citizenship (Amendment) Act is worse than the sha of the seven-headed wild beast, as written in the Bible.
Likewise, in every aspect of our struggle, as a nation, we often misuse any issues that affect our lives and deaths from time to time. time these words – “for the sake of the country and the nation.
In the women's category, Little Star Higher Secondary School won by 42 points against Nonglang Secondary School by 25 points.
People have decorated their homes with colorful lights and lights as well as in offices and churches across Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Shillong: The FKJGP-East Jaintia Circle under the leadership of Bah Michal Chyrmang, President of FKJGP-Jaintia Zone, led by Bah Marhok Kynti Marboh Vice President, FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday held a meeting to collect trading licence. labor License in Ladrymbai and Dkhiah West.
At the meeting of the UDP Youth Wing Shillong City on Saturday, Bah Robert was present and delivered a speech to the UDP youth. He said that the participation of Bah Robert has encouraged the party, as he is a prominent figure in the state who has contributed to the development of the party and politics.
Police are also searching for those involved in the shooting and Batskhem has been charged under the Murder and Robbery Act.
“The number of vehicles in Shillong has increased by 50 percent to 90 percent of the households in Shillong. “There is a steady increase in the number of vehicle buyers,” said the SP. He said that there are about 150,000 households who own vehicles in Shillong.
However, I am grateful to the MPSC for completing the interview and sending the lists of those who passed to the department for appointment and now we have appointed all these 83 candidates.
In this regard, the Director acknowledged that the Government has approved and also issued an order to all 15 SDSEOs to implement the order received from the Governor on 9th March
Shullai also strongly criticized the allegation of 'tainted' teachers and said that according to the first CBI report there were no such 'tainted' while this appears only in the second CBI report. submitted to the Chief Secretary of the State.
“How can the farmers feed their families and support their children if they are charged such a high tax,” said the Mawhati MLA. not only the misuse, but also the ownership of the land.
Speaking to Rupang, Albinus Kharbani said the meeting has decided to convene a public meeting on the 5th October, 2015 at Nongstoin. At the meeting to be held on the 5th, Bah Kharbani said that they will sit down first with each other, who fall under Nongstoin and informed They said that they have not yet given any information to the MPCC and it is after this meeting that they will take a decision in which all the party workers will be present.
Jowai, Lber 08: The Jowai Circle today under the leadership of its President Samla Owan Paswet and Finance Secretary Samla Lakhon Challam visited the SSA School in SSA. in West Jaintia Hills District.
The next match will be between Lamare Sports Club Kolkata in the second leg of the semi final on 20th June 2023 at 1:30 pm at New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
“The situation has improved slightly due to the visit of the Prime Minister,” said the source.
Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying Parshottam Rupala inaugurated various projects related to fish farming.
Speaking to reporters, one of these women, who did not want to be named, said, “I was sent to fetch water to cook and as a woman, she is in trouble because the fetching place is not clean. long is far away.
On the drug trafficking, the Minister said that 696 cases have been chargesheeted and more than 14,000 grams of heroin and 2,700 grams of opium have been seized.
The President of the HYC said that not only these 9 persons have violated the law but there are many others who should be prosecuted under the PIT-NDPS Act.
Shillong, July 5: Four candidates who have resigned from the LJP have vowed to file a case against them for allegedly demanding 20 to 25 lakh tyngka from the party. Party for the 2018 MLA elections.
Replying to the question whether they will join hands to form a government with the Congress or the TMC, Conrad said these are only estimates and cannot be based on estimates. When the true figure comes out, we will see how to move forward.
The MSGEF has announced that employees of hospitals/banks in Jaintia Hills can also participate in this tournament.
Shillong, March 30 : U Wanraplang Thubru of Nangbah Iawmusiang village in West Jaintia Hills District has been crowned the winner of the Over All Mr. Meghalaya Championship 2022 organized by the Meghalaya Body. Building and Fitness Association in collaboration with World Fitness Federation India on 28th March, 2022 at U Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said that in the coming years and before 2030, the College will provide all kinds of medical treatment known in foreign languages ​​such as Allopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy together with Research will be conducted at the school.
After knocking on the door of the KHADC, the JAC leaders were invited to talk, but nothing happened and they met only the Executive Member in charge of the council, Bah Martle Mukhim who promised to take the meeting. EC to discuss this issue.
U/Ka MLA who 5 years ago did not have spah don phew now has a pla; especially those who have become ministers.
God says – when you spread out your hands I will hide my eyes from you.
“Therefore, the management of affairs is more important,” he said while talking to reporters outside the meeting of the PDF to join the NPP. Almost all the residents of Manipur have been accommodated.
The syieng was illegally cut to 10 kilos from 100 kilos, he added.
In the second leg of the tournament, Lion Sports and Youth Affairs beat Pynthorlangteiñ 2-1
Pyngrope said that Sun has already informed the President of the UDP that he will be an associate member, but in the House, he will be recognized as an independent member. is that he should have his own permission on the part of the government.
So we lost a lot instead of being breeders.
The confirmed members of the EJNC-Sumer Circle include President-Sakilan Chyrmang, Vice President-Leadingstar Manar, General Secretary-Treibormi Manar, Publicity Secretary-Raju Lamurong, Organizing Secretary-Nangroiki Manar, Finance Secretary-Fullmoon Manar and Executive Member.
Therefore, the union urges the youth to be able to use their mobile phones properly during this time of need and not to let it become a stumbling block to their education.
This is an illegal activity of foreign meat smugglers.
In the penalty shootout, Meghalaya failed to score thanks to the skill of Kerala goalkeeper Surajith Kumar who saved two balls.
The Seng strongly condemns this as an attempt to kill all the members of this family and it has been planned without any solid basis by these gangs.
More information is available on the website www.mlcuniv.
The Seng also said that due to the violence of the Assam Government, the residents of this area have not received any cleanliness facilities. site to clean.
In the meeting with Reliance officials, Lamphrang Kharbani said that initially these officials including Sumangal Changkakty (Circle Sec/F&A Head NESA) started to change the discussion by saying that the The contract for the construction of the tower was taken by a company known as Purekoke and they ordered them to ask for the money from that company. who will contact the company.
The CM said he is continuing to hold talks with the CM of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma on this issue.
Then wisdom praises itself above others and makes it great.
She said that thousands of people live in the country from the transportation of coal.
In July, Indian Railways tweeted that it had completed about 33% of the project.
The Government has also sent a proposal to the World Bank to provide funds for 21 Electric Buses to operate in Shillong alone.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) is looking for land to accommodate land vendors as part of the improvement and transformation of the Khyndai Lad area into a pedestrian area.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong SC beat Ryntih SC 3-1 in the Shillong Premier League 2023 on Saturday. , Polo.
When they arrived at the scene, they learned that it was the owners of the land who had blocked the road.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 167 new cases have been confirmed and 784 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
At least 32 people have been killed and 20 others seriously injured when a bus carrying 55 people collapsed. in the 500 meter height in Kotdwar district of Uttarakhand, today.
“The number of stolen money has increased through the availability of 2,000 books and there is talk that you will republish 1,000 books,” said Nishad.
It is time to prove that the NPP stands for the Garo people.
The Congress candidate from Sutnga-Saipung constituency, Bah Vincent H Pala, has alleged that the money of the National People's Party (NPP) and UDP has been looted from the roads in the past three years. now she is using it to buy people to stir up trouble in her election campaign.
It is hoped that the Center of Excellence in Shillong will promote startups and entrepreneurs from the North East to build the next Gen Online Gaming ecosystem.
However, it is only the job of MP/MLA/MDC who doesn't require education or training but even if you don't have a degree, you can win easily if you have a lot of money.
The state government has recently held a one-month festival called 18 degrees and is now preparing to hold another cherry blossom festival.
He has also worked for more than three years as a Senior Academic Mentor with the Bharti Foundation in collaboration with the Education Department on the Quality Support Program in Jaintia Hills.
The leaders of the Pyllun include Leonard Rabon, Head of Iooksi Kyanmynsar as President, Complain Tangliang Iapkhla as Secretary, Kyrshan Chullet Priang as Vice President and Kolin Lamare as Vice President. Assistant Secretary and Publicity Secretary.
However, the present party has not had the cooperation with the MLA and the Hima as with other party members for the sake of bringing peace and order in the area. The child said that the arrival of the Nepalis is the negligence of the MLA is not right because even the Hima cannot accept it.
He said that there are complaints that there are no roads under the PMGSY scheme and the lack of improvement of the roads.
These tourists, who came for two days to the state, to visit some places of worship and to see the beautiful places.
These political parties in the MDA are the cause of the decline of the state and the decline of the dignity of the state, said Bah George.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today gathered in front of Lady Hydari Park to erect a sign to change the name of Phan Nonglait Park.
Human knowledge leads astray; We live in the age of Social Media, Human life is destroyed.
Timung escaped and hid in Tapat, one of the Khasi villages, where he died of excessive bleeding and was taken to Hamren Civil Hospital.
The camp was held at the School of the Blind, Nangbah run by the Franciscan Sisters.
Also present on the occasion were the President of KJWA, Bah Medon Skhem, Vice President, BW Tariang, DBS Mukhim, Director of Food & Adulteration, Principal of KJP Girls Shillong, H. Marwein.
You don't have a doctor or you don't have a doctor.
The committee will be headed by former Chief Minister Bah DD Lapang and will include political parties, chief executives, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs from urban and rural areas, and their sordars. Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the people have been misled that the money will be made in the image of a temple and a Hindu goddess Durga, and they have spread this video which has been made falsely and they have believed. to the Christians, whether they will accept such a thing, where the NPP and the BJP will make such a coin, and whether the Christians will still pay taxes in churches with this money.
That time is not long.
Shillong, March 31: Four Khasi, Chelsea Thangkhiew, 35, June Dkhar, 56, Bah Philing Lyngdoh Tron, 38 and Mr. Lyngdoh, 35, have been shot dead by robbers. Shillong. The robbery took place on the road.
Meghalaya will travel to Puducherry for the tournament which will start on 12th November.
He said that as usual, the government signs contracts by inviting tenders from companies to implement the MHIS through Private Public Partnership (PPP) by submitting tenders.
The party said that as it appears in the newspapers that the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will meet on 3rd June 2017 to discuss the border issue with the party, it hopes that this meeting will not be “It's not just a matter of protest, but to resolve the border issue especially as the 2018 election is approaching, or that the party will announce not to take part in the elections if the border resolution is not successful,” said the statement. .
On the promise of the Government, the Court dismissed the PIL and said that if the complainant finds that there is any negligence by the Government, he can appeal again.
The market was built at a cost of 84 lakh tyngka on the land of the PWD (Roads) department and took time to open due to the lack of basic facilities such as electricity and water. although it was completed in 2019.
In order to have such a policy, in Khasi, we can say that KPAI SAIN TREIKAM.POLITICS is a word, especially related to various political parties, which in The Khasi word can be said to be the SAIN PYRTHEI, that there is a struggle or a cleansing of the SAIN PYRTHEI. writers, some of whom are famous and world famous, such as Babu Soso Tham, Rabindranath Tagore and others.
It is learned that the documents related to the village were issued by Rai, in which it was seen in one example that he gave a syrnot to Sonu Kumari Rai, who is a full resident of the village. Iingsaw Mawkaling, Ri Bhoi District.
To strengthen by law the public administration which includes all the residents of the Shnongs, Raijs and Himas in accordance with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
According to the reply, the Minister said that the reason why these doctoral students have not been able to come to work is because some of them have gone to continue their post graduate studies after completing their MBBS. There are also students who after completing their internship have to complete their bond in the places or states where they are studying and there are those who are still pursuing the Senior Resident Doctor (SRD) ).
All the six are residents of Wakhiram, Roajapara and Thalcherra areas in Dhalai district of Tripura.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the law should be equal for all without discrimination.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of electing a permanent MDC to the District Council.
Therefore, we can understand that we are a nation that is moving steadily, 1 step forward and 2 steps backward, this action of ours has insulted and humiliated the SYIEM. Therefore, to accuse – accuse and insult the Longshuwa – manshuwa, we don't have the right, without sufficient writings to testify as truth and I firmly believed that it is not true that it was established. ki, to walk in the streets.
We have seen in the past few days that even those who don't know how to dance have learned to dance until Facebook has become popular.
The delegation also included the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Executive Members (EMs) including Bah Gigur Myrthong, Bah Victor Ranee and Bah Rangkynsai. Kharbuki, Macdalyn S Mawlong, Teibor Pathaw, Alvin Sawkmie, Fantin Lakadong and Carness Sohshang.
“There are some pending projects belonging to Meghalaya and I promise to release all the remaining money soon,” Meghwal said.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the vacancies in the District Executive Force have been filled by the deployment of SF-1
This came after the finding that the Government Department has appointed non-Garo people in positions reserved for Garo people.
Harmony : the meaning of harmony, order of thought is acceptable; lang is with the group; rhythm is the same in any part; shijingmut is a way of thinking that is agreed upon.
The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) should be commended for its efforts to follow up on the demand from the Government of India.
Nongpoh Police Station has rushed to the scene to conduct investigation and also to assist the driver to take him to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. This happened when the car collided.
On marriage, Bah Mawrie said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided that anyone who marries non-Khasis will not be allowed to live in the village.
This announcement by the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma has become a great victory for the state, which is eager to resume coal mining according to the latest science.
He said the government together with others have discussed the issue of traffic and other issues due to the remoteness of Mawsynram, Sohra-Shella and Pynursla-Dawki.
They showed their old epics showing that they are Meghalayans and alleged that the MLA, in 2007 from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, forcibly destroyed the epics of Meghalaya. ngiRegarding the problems of these villages, Aicifull K.Musulman, a woman who intends to contest the election in 2023 from the TMC, has promised to help these villages to get back their rights. the right to vote again in Meghalaya.
As a nation, we don't have that opposition to other nations in this state and they are at peace.
He is currently studying for the 1st Year MSc Audiology at the Mysyru Institute of Speech and Hearing.
Where will these leaders go if they don't change the syndet of the kingdom?
The chairman of the GNLA has threatened the jail employee for not complying with his demand.
Ma Wespar Lamin has been elected as the new Waheh Chnong of Bakur Dorbar Shnong for the term 2022-2
However, the sad thing in the rural areas is that although the farmers are working hard in their agriculture, their despair is due to the lack of roads, which is the budlum of growth. the park, which most farmers diave, he said.
Is our path pleasing to Him? Is your heart right with the Lord? It is very important to examine our relationship or spirituality from time to time so that spiritual illnesses cannot weaken us or overwhelm us.
With the resignation of these six members, the number of members in the EC of Teinwell Dkhar or the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA) has dropped to
Basan said that it is impossible to say that any land belongs to Assam because Assam does not implement the Sixth Schedule like Meghalaya. There is no evidence that the Land Transfer Act has been passed.
If we look between the villages, townships, kingdoms, raids and elaka, there are many differences and misunderstandings.
This month, Iran claimed to have arrested 17 CIA spies and they have been sentenced to death.
I am happy for this,” he said to himself in his heart; while the children and his mother were asleep, “Father, what will you do to Lamhun who has walked this path that I didn't think of?
From next year we will start implementing the MBoSE recognized textbook,” he said. The Minister said that the state government will hold a meeting every month to discuss with the students. experts and all stakeholders from Khasi and Garo Hills for the development and development of the State Curriculum.
Shangpung MDC J Treilang Suchiang, despite the financial crisis of the JHADC, has extended his helping hand by distributing foodgrains to the residents of Mynkrem Shangpung.
Speaking at a public meeting in Moirang, Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the NPP will not take part in the new government in Manipur.
According to the notification, “To proceed with the letter of the Department of District Council Affairs, Government of Meghalaya No.22/2013/225, dated 20.11.2023, Jowai said that the Delimitation Committee has been set up to inspect the land allocation of the constituencies of the Jaintia Hills District Council and to hold a public hearing in this regard. you phang.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 4 recoveries, all of whom are high risk and in East Khasi Hills, there is only one case from the Armed Forces.
Unemployment, decline in income and forty kinds of disasters will increase in the future if we make mistakes and don't think differently.
In Mawkyrwat, Pyndengrei also returned with a victory and what was more special about this match was that they won their first MSL 2023 title after losing four times.
There are many reasons for this and indeed the water for the consuming public should be safe and free from diseases caused by drinking water.
Regarding the allegation that there is a connection with the Sanmilato Samatan Samaj in Assam, the group said that they want to clarify that they have no knowledge or connection with the Sanmilato Samaj Samaj in Assam. you can hear voice mail.
With the allocation of Districts to Mikir (present-day Karbi) and North Cachar on 13th April (June) 1951, this area which belonged to Jaintia Hills was divided and forcibly merged with Mikir District between The opposition, the dissatisfaction of the residents of the area and the opposition of the MLA of the area (L) Larsing Khyriem.
When asked whether the nurses and staff who are there without a doctor will treat the patients who are too sick, the Sister said. replied that they would notify the Doctor.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Amid the protests by his fellow Congress MLAs to remove him from the post of Prime Minister, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has denied that his post is in danger.
There are 1,693 confirmed cases so far and the death toll has risen to 1,3
On the other hand, Bah Donroy Kshiar said that the union on the other hand urges the state government in terms of the recruitment of contractors to work on these roads. The government should also employ Local Contractors, as this is also part of the employment of other Contractors who are unemployed and should not be transferred. Only those contractors who have been registered in the state.
A Facilitation Center has also been set up at the Shillong Municipal Board headquarters at Bishop Cotton Road.
He said that the Chief Secretary KS Kropha has promised to the PAC to lead a team of inquiry to find out the officers who paid the land fee without proper investigation and without proper verification. the payments are right or not the owners of the land.
In the Zone 2 match at Salpara, North Garo Hills, Tura won the toss and elected to tied first and ended the 25 overs with 94 runs. 3 wickets.
Speaking to Rupang, the President of the Meghalaya Government Teachers Association, Bah Birbor Riangtem, said that the contract teachers will no longer be able to fight for the government. exam MTET, if the government does not promise to provide special assistance for them.
It begins with the words 'Hear me in Sohra.
However, the sportsmen have no role and it has been explained that the Government can admit or appoint them as members.
“After these trials, the four winners in their respective categories have been invited to the national kilanmet programme,” said WFI president Sanjay. Singh added that the union has already prepared the venue for the kilanmet programme.
On the 1st of this month, police said that in the evening, a crowd gathered in Motphran threw stones and petrol bombs at the police on duty and in this incident five people were killed. police officers were injured.
On the same day, the meeting also held a cleanliness drive in the morning before the meeting and the program was enriched by children's songs and a competition of information from the children, women, elderly and all the people who came to the meeting. this meeting.
Therefore, the party has lodged a complaint with the acting syiem of the Hima Mylliem.
In the first quarter final, Mulang Ïalong beat Ladthadlaboh 3-2
The Waheh Shnong of Hingaria Village, Rymbai District, East Jaintia Hills District, in a sad spirit, has expressed his sadness to the media for the lack of attention of the government authorities to send any relief measures. mot, the school, which has been destroyed by the strong wind since 24th March
The World Bank has estimated and expects waste generation to increase by 73% from 2020 to 3.88-billion-tons by
The union urged the relevant department to take action to provide electricity in these areas.
One species of plant that is found only in the Bri u Hynniewtrep is called soh, and it is not a soh under a tree but a soh under the ground.
Wolbestar Ramsiej won first place, Weljohn Ramsiej won second place and Saiñkupar Jyrwa won fourth place.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Sudeva FC 2-0 in the final round of the Hero Junior League at Kalyani Stadium, West Bengal.
The new PBCC seeks and urges the Primary Unit, Youth Wing, Women Wing (Mahila) of the Seng to be with the new PBCC so that the work of the Seng can go smoothly. ahead.
“We will try to deliver what is right, we will create ways to deliver because there is a loss of strength and there is a complaint; Therefore, we will try to get them to fall into our state,” said Bah Pidion.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 9 cases of high risk contact.
“No shops and parking shall be allowed in these public places except in accordance with the rules and regulations.
I would rather appreciate and have a closer relationship with someone else with whom I live in a better, cleaner, more beautiful town than with my own brother who works day labour, who lives in a house on the other side of a town. many people and not.
On the same day, MLA Mawlai also attended the 10th Annual Sports School of Don Bosco Secondary School, Nongkohlew in the presence of Father T.Nonglang and others. .
According to the CBSE, some students in Delhi should have scored 50 to 55 marks more than what they got in the results held in June this year.
During the curfew hours across the North East, a clash broke out between the police and youths who went to block the highways and in this incident the police opened fire on them. there were six teenagers seriously injured.
The nearest villages are Maweitksar, Mawlangriang, Nongmynraw, Nongpoit, Nongthymmai, Mawpharduh, Mawkynjoin and Sangriang.
“This shows that the PHE department has distributed dirty water to the residents of Shillong and surrounding villages and has been involved in corruption,” he said.
At that time, I was told that 75 percent of the market dwellers are married to non-Khasis and this suddenly made me angry”.
Shillong: Dalmia Cement (India) Ltd has awarded Morningstar Khongthaw with the Young Achievers Award (YAA).
Therefore, after the legal procedures, the body of the child was handed over to the family.
This will happen to the generations to come.
he that is unrighteous, let him do unrighteousness, let him do righteousness; and he that is clean, let him be clean.
“The discussion was pleasant because they too expressed their happiness to see our ability to provide.
In this match, 17 goals were scored and three players scored a hat-trick.
Referring to the launch of the Wrestling Association in the state, Isaiah said that there are only 16 sports in the North East Olympic Games. Wrestling.
Applications can also be sent to ksunarpuh@gmail.com before 20/06/2
The introduction of the Meghalaya Public Services Act by the MDA government has been a sign of hope for many citizens of Meghalaya as this Act is an Act to bring about efficient, clean and transparent functioning. without any concealment.
It started with the celebration of the second death anniversary of Bah B Nishan Wahlang last year at the Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
Shillong, March 20 : The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) has selected two climbers from the State to participate in the Advance Mountaineering Course at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI) to be held at Darjeeling from 19 March to 15 November 2022.
The meeting also elected the office bearers of the Committee, including Idalin Lyngshing as President, Marcus Marten as Vice-President, D. Dorphang as Secretary. Donroy Kshiar as Assistant Secretary, Ken Syiem as Organizing Secretary, Jeremy Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara as Adviser and others.
“Now we are in the middle of the work and we will ensure that such illegal extortion activities are stopped immediately and no residents of our villages will be affected through this illegal activity,” he said. .
“These vehicles will greatly assist and facilitate the police force in terms of traffic, help to speed up the completion of the work and better service for the public in the midst of any difficulties, that is by also expressing the important role of the police in the society,” said Conrad Sangma.
Therefore, the SMC Association can no longer tolerate the Government's mistreatment of the SMCs from time to time and suggested that the Government should take over all the schools and pay the price of the land. Buildings, grounds to SMCs to avoid any evil deeds.
This ground is reserved for young children from poorer families who cannot afford to play in the nearby stadiums and grounds; for students who come from many different schools and neighborhoods; for those who fought against the Rong-biria with the Khasi sword; and for such other public purposes as the Trust deems appropriate.
In this newsletter there is a discussion on the strengthening of the family starting from the rympei, the strengthening of the race starting from the village, the struggle to bring unity among the races. the fight against corruption, the strengthening of the people on the need for a clean politics, the public awareness of the Inner Line Permit.
Dkhar also urged the villagers to cooperate with the company, so that the road construction project will run smoothly and there will be no disruption to the peace and order. happiness of the employees of the Company.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi, Kmie, has strongly condemned the people who dressed in Khasi women's dance costumes against an elderly man who is a tourist, according to social media.
But it is the truth.
With respect to the people, it is very difficult to understand these laws, because a few minutes before I wrote this article, a Garo friend who has retired as a Dr. from NEHU, was talking and asking on those parts one third-two thirds contained in this Article-1
That is why I joined the BJP,” she said.
His opponent was Bah Kimfa Marbaniang.
Former Minister of State, Bah Aubrey Herbert Scott Lyngdoh passed away on Tuesday evening at his residence in Pohkseh at the age of 93 years. He is survived by his wife and four children. children.
On the decision of Dr Mukul Sangma's government to hand over the coal mining to the MMDC, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said the party has not discussed the issue.
He said it is not yet known how many houses in Ranikor Constituency have been affected but those he has received are in Koraibari, Gillagora and Maheskhola.
Once Jesus said – “Why are you crying and weeping? THE CHILD HAS NOT DIED, BUT IS SLEEPING.—Mark 5:3
However, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has worked hard to ensure the smooth movement of vehicles and fight as much as possible to relieve the traffic jam as soon as possible.
Even the lap praw has not fallen yet.
This is in line with the decrease in cases across the country from 2.34% on July 30, 2021 to 2.09% on May 2,
The Regional Committee for Ri Bhoi District will be headed by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong as Chairperson and the members are Shri Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister, Transport, etc. Nongpoh Constituency – Member, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District – Member, Executive Member, Convenor.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Jayarogya Hospital Dr RKS Dhakad said that one of the students was in critical condition.
We don't have another place to settle, this is the place we have to fight hard to preserve if not for ourselves, but for the young generation to come.
Mysuru is the cleanest city in the country in Swachh Bharat.
Senior Supreme Court Advocate Prashant Bhushan today said he refused to apologize to the Supreme Court judges for his two tweets. say that his words shall be of the same meaning.
The shopkeepers also criticized the Government's decision to impose Section 144 CrPC in Shillong due to the riots and clashes between the two groups which led to the setting fire to police vehicles. at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
“It's not a juice.
Shillong: Regarding the excessive revenue collection gates, the Council has already sought a Show Cause Notice and we will not take a decision after receiving a clear reply from them. “If we find that they have violated the decision of the Council, we will have to close them down,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
Sikkim also receives more tourists compared to the states without ILP. The availability of internet and online technology will make it easier for ILP applicants. Is the snap and the special rights of the jaidbynriew more important or is the influx of foreigners into our state more important? B. The claim that the ILP will affect the development of the state is wrong.
After a request for clarification, the HYC leaders said that the increase in their bill is due to the fact that the meters are missing and have been replaced by MePDCL employees. the Bill.
He said that Dr Mukul Sangma has talked about the border inspections, the maps of the revenue department but all these have been prepared by the government under his leadership in
He said that the Karbi Peoples Liberation Tiger (KPLT) have started threatening the people since the night of the 8th of this month. go first to the voters, who have been expelled from these fields.
They came out of the group of nations that stood and fought against the invasion of the children of Israel.
When asked about the number of residents, Pa'iem Kynsai said that the number of residents in Khasi and non-Khasi villages has increased and become equal.
The ANTF of East Jaintia Hills together with police from Lumshnong Police Station on the morning of 28th June seized 458 grams of heroin and arrested one person. the person involved.
Some got up in the middle of the night to get it from their closest friends when they threw up too much.
He said the district council will spend up to T.50 lakh from its own contribution for the festival.
There are 49 cases in East Khasi Hills, 21 cases in Ribhoi and 22 cases in West Garo Hills.
Speaking on this occasion, Prestone said, “Who is this person, where is his place of residence, is it in Meghalaya?
Nongpoh: Leaders of Nongpoh Constituency, MLA and Balajied Rani (MDC), today visited three hospitals, the Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Nongpoh Civil Hospital. Through this inspection, the Nongpoh leaders also asked the DM&HO of the hospital whether there are any urgent needs at such a time. The country and the state as a whole are still in the fight against COVID-1
Many employees of the Secretariat have stopped working despite the government's announcement not to leave work on this day.
Rida, who understood that she didn't have anything else to do, besides that she didn't have a job, her mother didn't have a job. don't just listen.
He also demanded that the government should order the police to immediately stop searching for members of the Sengbhalang and harassing their relatives.
Sanbor said that in the world of unemployment, young people should not expect government jobs but should focus on their own jobs and before they start jobs they should get training. it shall be a reward unto them.
The judgment is every day.
Besides the destruction of the village, the earthquake also caused a tragic incident, in which one of the foreigners, Dipak Demari, who came to Two others, including Mela Boro and her 4-year-old daughter, were injured when she was buried in the ground. age.
The High Court said this while hearing a case filed by Champer M Sangma against the state government and others on the illegal mining of coal.
He said that the BSF troops at Amlarem Market have upset the residents of the border villages and alleged that the BSF troops are only against Indian citizens while against Bangladeshis. They don't dare to do anything to illegally enter India on the day of the market in Dawki.
“The KSU will not stand idly by if they continue to harass our brothers and sisters and the KSU will take strong action to provide protection and peace to our brothers and sisters,” he said. added.
He said this while inspecting the two projects he has launched in Laban Constituency on Saturday. the right way.
Ritu Raj Bhagwati, one of the international judges, witnessed the competition in the presence of Davis NR Marak, Vice President SAM and others.
“There have also been IED blasts in different parts of the state which has put people's lives in danger and the Commission and other investigations have clearly found out the involvement of this leader of the state. HNLC who died.
Bah Nongsiej said that the opening of the project today will also enable other fish farmers and traders to develop their fish farming and sales in the coming days. Increase in the number of beneficiaries of this scheme by the State Fisheries Department.
“If it is only once we don't do anything because if they need help we can't refuse and we have to help but every trip we have to pay to the tax collection center we don't agree. leer" Ong the truck driver.
A member of the State Intelligence Bureau (SIB), who is investigating the incident, said that Mukesh had told all the facts, from the goods he bought, cooking oil, lyer shet and other necessities to shet ia these things of two kinds.
In Class X, Chapter 28, “The Dorbar of the Ancient Khasi” and Chapter 53, “Mawbynna, Maw Niam and Kor” were included.
Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh said that the Prime Minister had spoken on the 10th July, 2016 to upgrade the college to Engineering College.
The PDF has two UDP, one KHNAM, one suspended Congress, one BJP, one NCP and eight independent MDCs, which means it has 14 MDCs in the ruling party.
True Christians, They do not corrupt or take money; They are the source of light, They teach righteousness and truth.
He said that the head of AITC, Mamata Banerjee, who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal, has ruled the state for decades and if she really cares about the people of Meghalaya, she should take all the money she has to distribute. The people should not wait for the elections.
Therefore, we want to discuss as responsible members how we can proceed with this issue.
The Principal Secretary said the state government has already discussed with the central government on the HNLC's proposal and the central government will take a decision on this issue.
The match of the tournament on Friday will be between Sacred Heart FT Academy and Umphyrnai SC at 4:15 pm.
The BJP has admitted that the corruption allegations are just a ploy to get money.
“If you feel it is not safe to hold talks here in Meghalaya, we are ready to hold talks anywhere.
When asked why he was abducted by the uhijira, Mohon said that his intention was to marry her and he threatened to kill her if she did not marry him. According to Mohun, inside a house in Guwahati, the hijra married Mohun by forcing him to drink drugs. and he heard him not for four days.
On the coin you hold you will see that it says “This is a hundred”.
Babitlang Dkhar of Demthring SC won the Man of the Match, Fourth Dkhar of Demthring SC won the Best Goalkeeper title and Nidaioh Dhar of Demthring SC won the Top Scorer title. Dawanbiang Pasah of Nangbah Iawmusiang, Jowai scored six goals and was named Player of the Tournament.
Khliehriat: Two political parties in East Jaintia Hills, the EJNC and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have staged a mass protest carrying flags and placards to protest against the proposal to hold a public hearing on the mining project. Star Cement is located in Brishyrnot, Narpuh District.
I strongly oppose the CAB (Citizen Amendment Bill) because it will bring in foreigners.
The names of the four persons were not disclosed and they were taken for trial and will be remanded in police custody for five days for further investigation.
The 65-year-old was identified as Mingnan Ch Sangma.
“The members of tribal communities, youth, tea garden workers and other deserving candidates were ignored and not given jobs," he said while assuring that “once the Bharatiya Janata Party government is formed in the state, we will offer jobs in most transparent manner and help poor and deserving candidates get jobs.
For online registration please visit this link and for offline registration please send the prescribe form, also in writing.
This affects the ability to sleep quickly and also affects the eyes.
Jowai, Nailar 07 : The District Level Sensitization Program on Combating Child Trafficking which is also part of the celebration of World Day Against Human Trafficking was held today by the National Commission for the Protection of Children. Rights (NCPRC) in collaboration with the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCRs) and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Conference Room of the DC office.
We don't know why the people here are silent, but it is sad if we think carefully.
According to a statement issued by the Directorate of School Education, classes for all students up to Class VIII will resume from the 21st.
The six persons died shortly after the accident, after the vehicle they were riding in collided with a dewbilat truck.
On the last day of the Football Tournament held at Rangsakona Constituency, Chitmang Abri and Tura Abri won the title by scoring four goals. against Chitmang Abri who scored only two goals.
The government should not introduce laws to disrupt the peace and order in the country.
Conrad said this allocation is for the people of the state and he believes that this is the allocation of the people.
If this is the case, it will be a shame to the government.
Because in the past, the Khasi did not know how to read and write as they do now.
For Langsning, the defeat to Chennaiyin was a big blow but the players are determined to look forward to the best tomorrow.
To understand the impact of this initiative, it is necessary to turn to the history of India and how India was created.
The Hindu leaders who believe and follow Hindutva are trying hard to turn India into a Hindu country and to have one language, one culture, one custom, one religion and one government. .
He said that in Group-I the work has started since 2019 and in Group II, III and IV has started in 2020 but the contractor in Group-I has employed only 3 people per day. Group IV has not started work since Christmas until now and only Group-II and III have been working for 3 days a month. complete the work.
S Massar, EE/PWD (R) Resubelfor Division.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: After the turmoil that has occurred in the post of Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw Nongkharai in Ri-Bhoi district, the Executive Committee of the village has not been formed since the election of the Rangbah Shnong. On the 7th of June, the differences of opinion have ended and an understanding has been reached after the new office bearers have been elected besides the Rangbah Shnong.
So maintain this dignity and the best manners in front of others.
Lanong said that although the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act exists, the land in the rural areas is the ruler and the district council protects it.
The total number of cases has risen to 93,784 while only 15 cases are still confirmed.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should appoint a full time BDO who will work properly.
Kokborok is the language of the Borok people of Tripura and through the inclusion of Kokborok, it will be the 23rd language to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Out of the 59 MLAs, 3 MLAs have shown that they have cases against them. 2 of them have shown that the cases against them are. weight.
The winners in the big song category were Noury ​​Warjri (Laitkor) for first place, Ibasuklang Warjri (Siejïong) for second place and Ibapynjanai Warjri (Mawkriah) for third place.
They have moved forward and you will see that the demands for money that used to exist in previous years will be very low and even people will tell you.
The 12 others who have been established with proper documents will not be punished by the government.
“I came to inspect the border areas and found that the departments have set up posts where they said the work is ongoing and there are families who have not They just install the meters without connection while the electricity bill is high”.
When asked by Bah Mawthoh whether the government has an agreement with companies to provide testing equipment for the diseases as most of them are sent to foreign hospitals, Bah Hek said, “ All these requirements are included in the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS)”.
Prof. Shukla said this in front of the students of NEHU during the hours when the NEHUSU visited Prof. PS Shukla at the Old Guest House after the ceremony. that they did not have the opportunity to meet him inside his office, at the moment they went to close down his office in order to express their demands.
There will also be some who will shout that this government has not done anything, but we will respond to these allegations through a clear decision so that it is up to the people of the state to take a decision.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Pynursla Constituency has not received any candidate for the 2023 elections against Prestone, the incumbent MLA of the Pynursla Constituency. She denied this report by saying that what appeared in one of the newspapers is a false news which tries to mislead the people and to confuse the supporters of the party in this area. .
It is expected that its turnover will exceed T.700 crore to date.
“The operation of Jio in the border areas such as Khanduli, Lapangap and other border villages is not going smoothly according to the wishes of the people of the area.
He said they have appointed a member of the Central Pollution Board (CPB) as per the order of the court.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : Mizoram on Tuesday beat Meghalaya 2-1 in the final of the U-21 Men's U-21 Games 2022 at the 2nd North East Olympic Games This was held at the MFA Ground, Polo.
This is the first program held at the Mandapam after its opening.
Through this SVEEP, it will involve the participation of village leaders, elaka and others.
“We know the roster system well, we want to discuss the reservation policy and we will fight until we win,” he said.
Other sources said that although they did not want to be named, there are Congress MLAs as well as private MLAs who support the government who want to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Despite many shortcomings, they did not waste their time and energy to serve the people.
The tournament was organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association and was held at the Shortimai Syiem Stadium, Smit.
The reason why the public should lodge a complaint against such brokers and the DTO if they find that it is true that those brokers are working as government employees is that the public cannot work. Any government job in government offices without being selected by passing various examinations.
Nongpoh, November 01: The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the SELCO Foundation for the construction of state-of-the-art Health Sub Centres. The health workers need adequate electricity supply to prevent the spread of the disease.
“I have not said anything about the shortcomings of the MDA Government or even suggested anything about the government.
Shillong, July 04: Kynshi Bangla village is one of the most affected villages by natural disasters especially during the rainy season.
Young people should not be satisfied with what they do.
“It is an unpleasant incident and it should not happen so the government should punish all those involved in this incident.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, has submitted the budget for the year 2021-22 which is less than T.13.15 crore from the target of T.173.50 crore. 30,000 crore and the remaining expenditure is T.186.65, 21,300 crore.
Referring to the national parties in Meghalaya, Lanong, as one of the political leaders, who has been with the national party for decades, said, The future of the ethnic parties in the state if it continues like this is very difficult for them to lead the state, because the ethnic parties in the state no longer have those former leaders like u bah BB Lyngdoh (Not at the Door of God), Bah SDD Nicholroy (Not at the Door of God) and others.
Interested applicants should apply online and for further information please contact the office of the Meghalaya Football Association or Shubham Kapoor of the AIFF at shubham@the-aiff.com.
Instructor CTI Byrnihat, PP Lyngdoh Joint Director CTI Byrnihat and other officers, also present were the family members of these students who have already been trained at CTI. For the year 2021-22, 15 students are from the Soil and Water Conservation Division of Assam Government, 2 from Arunachal Pradesh and one from the Soil and Water Conservation Division of Resubelpara Meghalaya.
The DC has called these three organizations but the meeting ended without taking a decision, said the Secretary of AJCCTA, Kyrshan Dkhar.
SSK (A) and Mawphu SC. In the first innings, the management played a knockout system followed by a league system in the second innings.
The three Khasi youths who are still in the custody of the Assam Police are Disparsing Mukhim, Stanling Khryiem and Barson Lawai.
The public hearing was also attended by the Additional Program Office, Thadlaskein C&RD Block, Liliosa Laloo, District Social Audit Resource Person, Cecilia Susngi and members of the Bosco Integrated Development Society. complete the social audit.
Of these, 13,030 have recovered on Sunday, up from 12,384 earlier today and 3,906 are now in intensive care.
As soon as the heavy rain came, the color was washed away because the cleaning was too heavy.
Speaking to media, Renikton L Tongkhar, on the second day of the month, said, “I express my regret over the news of the suspension of the construction of the The JJM scheme in the state has not been published in The Shillong Times, because this news is not true”.
At the same time, Shillong received 25.9mm of rainfall while Umiam received 28.8mm.
These teas, known as “Phintella handersoni” were found at the Anderson Tea Estate, Umran Dairy, Ri-Bhoi District, Meghalaya. Anderson King, owner of the Slasha house.
The Government has decided to demolish these coke factories as part of the implementation of the Meghalaya High Court's order that the presence of these factories encourages illegal coal mining.
In mentioning all these, it may be that there is a need for a grammar and part of speech in the Khasi language which should be used together when explaining prefixes. ) and in the same way it can also require suffixes.
Tura, June 13: East Garo Hills Police have received a tip that LAEF Commander-in Chief Augustine Marak and a group of 10 or 12 persons were still resting in the forest at Rongjeng. , they immediately went to this place.
Without regard to the night, the darkness, the wind, the sun, the rain and the cold, even to leave his family and his children.
Two fire engines have arrived to extinguish the fire.
This congestion has been unprecedented as about 13 new vehicles and 14 new motorcycles are produced every day, according to data received from the Ministry of Transport in
“Furthermore, India has seen initiatives related to youth development and economic development through technology.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has directed the East Khasi Hills District Administration to prepare the report.
Man is looking for truth, he is looking for truth and he needs proof.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 388 new cases and 3979 active cases in the State.
Speaking after the party's annual general meeting on Saturday, Banteidor said, “If the UDP, PDF or BJP win, it will not affect the government but will strengthen it”.
However, the same thinking is not equalized.
How can we fight against prejudice? Isaiah prophesies and foretells: “The wolf and the lamb themselves will actually reside for a while together, and the leopard itself will lie down with the kid;
Therefore, I urge the people not to live only in looking for reasons, because the government has done a lot of good to establish this college and which has been of great benefit to the youth in this college. “There will always be shortcomings here and there, but to take advantage of such people is wrong,” he added.
“We should allow the ethnic parties to rule in the state,” said Bah Mansturdy.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has declared a 48 hour curfew from 6 pm on the 13th to 6 pm on the 15th.
In another match, Royal Pole Mihmyntdu beat Evergreen Mukhla 2-2
She said that there will always be those who criticize the government in the process of improving the farmers, but she said that such people are short-sighted and the government will talk to the farmers' groups. who have a broad mindset and who have a goal to develop agriculture.
The Youth Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday concluded the celebration of the Quasi Centennial Jubilee Celebration of the Knock Out Football Tournament
The Meghalaya Right to Public Services Bill, 2020 has been introduced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. The government should also be responsible and the officers when they serve the people should also be responsible. That is why the people need this Bill.
All this is because the Khasi misunderstand the grammar, or because the Khasi grammar is inadequate or clumsy, and you can't tell this truth no matter how much you try. how much spirit.
The water level has so far reached 160 feet and this has put the Navy or the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) personnel in danger of falling into the water.
He also congratulated the police and the District Administration of West Khasi Hill, who are with the people and urged the residents to unite and help each other at any time.
The Bill aims to empower the Durbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs to conduct community affairs.
Shillong: The Senior Selection Committee of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of the 15 players who have been selected to represent the state for the upcoming BCCI Under-23 Men's Tournament. against Mizoram on 2nd November, 2018 in Jorhat, Assam.
“On behalf of the Hima Mylliem, we have left it to the wisdom of the government to take the decision to reopen the market,” said Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem.
pete-shi-peit : which cannot speak of what it sees and looks at it many times without stopping.
The laws of violence – the laws of violence, Of the Indian country;
Khliehriat, June 21: Vehicles in Ratacherra and Malidor have now been free to travel and there are only a few places where vehicles are still traveling on both sides of the road, after a heavy traffic jam in Ratacherra and Malidor. The National Highway in Narpuh District, especially in Ratacherra and Malidor, where the people passing through this road have been stuck for about three days on the road. The road is still covered with snow and vehicles have to pass through the snow and many places are still covered with snow.
Scientists still don’t know what these viruses are.
The arrested include Redyon Stone Nongrum, General Secretary of the Lawsohtun Unit of the KSU, Johny Sohkhlet, a member of the KSU from Lawsohtun. Mr. Everson Syngkon, Member of the HNYF, Jaintia Hills.
The Covishield vaccine, developed by AstraZeneca and Oxford University during the pandemic and released by the Serum Institute of India, has been injected in India.
It is to be recalled that these two strong leaders of the KSU were raped by the Meghalaya Police on 23rd July 2000, at Nongshiliang Shillong, while they were sitting in a car. Balajied Dkhar, also known as Hepkhoit, a member of the HNLC, was arrested by the Meghalaya Police. Therefore, on this day, the KSU Wahthapbru Unit, reminds us that this is the darkest day for the nation. The Seng cannot forget the signs of the past and forever the Seng will continue to proclaim the memory of the former leaders and members who gave their lives for the cause. “We have seen that until these days, the police department is trying to destroy the KSU with various threats and attempts to intimidate the KSU. In many cases, the members of the party have been bombarded, tied, imprisoned and even taken the lives of the members of the party. The KSU Wahthapbru Unit said that the KSU Wahthapbru Unit has developed a spirit of struggle that will not give up in order to serve the country and the nation.
“Students from Tura, Shillong and other parts of the state who are studying in Manipur have arrived safely in the state and have been sent home,” he said. you are right.
He also spoke about the outcome of the election or the fruit that the political parties will reap by saying that most of the counting according to the stories of the people is done three or seven days before the casting of votes. .
We want to make apps like spelling, games and others," he said.
The helicopter, which has been designed by the department, can carry up to 2.5 tonnes of water from the ground and will drop from an altitude about 3 kilometers from the fires.
Don't forget to drink water, you can also carry water in a bottle when you go to make sure you drink enough.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Nujorki Sungoh said that the aspirations of the people have come true today and it will be remembered in the entire area.
Shillong: U Vikash Banka has lodged a complaint with the police that on 18th June 2013, an employee of M/S Pure Communication Bank, Shillong, identified as Vicky Kumar, has misused money worth Tk. .25 lakh tyngka has been collected from various shops in the state.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has written to Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga to suggest that the border between the two states should be fixed in the form of a satellite. land, which belongs to these two states.
Lockdown should be imposed in the state if we want to clean up quickly. We should be vigilant, and we should also take care of ourselves.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Pradhan congratulated the students and wished them to continue to shine in their lives.
At the same time, she urged the office bearers and supporters of the Congress party in the area and in Mawsynram constituency not to be misled at such times but the PPBYC will continue to work hard to strengthen the party. the Congress.
Shillong, Jymmang, 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the date will be fixed soon for the first talks on the demarcation of the border in the second phase. he shall not accept the rai.
He said that 100 percent of the land falls within the boundary of the Mukroh Dorbar Shnong.
The MFA is scheduled to hold the amateur league from July 2013, which is scheduled to start from Shillong and the date of the tournament may be at the end of July. month, which the MFA will continue to arrange and re-equip according to the requirements of the work.
However, out of courage, they went on their way and when they reached the top of Lad Darrang, they saw the stones in the middle of the road.
According to the latest notification, the classes of 2020 will continue until March 2021 and the new sessions of the classes will start from the 1st. April 2021 onwards.
The Closing Ceremony of the Silver Jubilee Celebration of the KJKSPS will be held on the 24th November 2019 at 1:00 pm at the Hall of KJP Girls Higher Secondary School. Shillong.
The CEC also announced the elections to the Legislative Assemblies of the states including Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh which will be held at the same time as the MP elections. The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, DR.BDR Tiwari on Tuesday said that there are 22,17,100 lakh voters in Meghalaya by 2024 to decide the future of the state. candidates from Shillong and Tura in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Modi and Shah for the Northeast have turned to Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarmah to make Meghalaya a BJP Hindutva state.
After the Director of Health Services promised to provide all the necessities of Mawryngkneng PHC, the 6 Dorbar Shnong has decided to temporarily suspend the strike and if it does not succeed according to the discussion, the 6 Dorbar Shnong will continue. Jowai MLA Ma Waildmiki Shylla, who announced to help the farmers of Jowai Constituency up to T.40 lakh to 800 farmers under his MLA scheme, has now He met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to urge for the provision of assistance to the flood victims of West Jaintia Hills District.
Bradden Inman scored the first goal for Odisha FC.
This characteristic of this market shows its appearance to foreigners but to the locals it has been a thousand.
“The PHE's claim is fictitious, there is no point in meeting with the PHE staff, and we are meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare because this issue is related to the health of the people,” he said. Bah Passah and bynrp, that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has been requested to conduct a test by the PHE because the PHE is not trusted. three times a month so that we can be sure that the water used is safe for consumption," he said.
Manish Desai graduated from 1989 batch Information Service.
Shillong, November 07 : Young SC Mairang has won the 1st Phan Nonglait Women's Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Young SC Mairang.
The first picture is about the middle of the book which is only about two inches round.
“We have authorized the BJP Mandal Nongstoin to consider this issue and they will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss this issue,” said Bah Khlursing.
In the men's category, Knerlang Phawa of Graham's Academy Tuberkmaishnong came second, Rishanmehi Ryngkhlem came second and Sting Phawa came third.
Wanbok's mother immediately prepared the milk for her father.
St. Anthony's College won the toss and elected to bat first.
This time, they promised 24-hour drinking water to the residents, 24-hour markets and patriotic lessons in schools. select again this time.
Dr Jemino said the UDP wants to have an understanding between the two parties as it did in the last MLA elections to arrange to contest in the constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
It is necessary to be cleansed first by repentance and confession of sins, whether small or large, and then – “Ye shall receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost” (Acts 2:38).
In the second leg, Moolamanoh SC beat R.Wahshnong SC (FT) 3-0. Lakhon Surong scored the first goal for Moolamanoh SC in the 56th minute from the penalty spot. Eriston Dkhar in the 86th minute and Eriston Dkhar in the 90+1 minute.
In order to work in the fields of Receptionist and Front Desk Assistant, young people are required to be trained in how to communicate with the public who come in need and also how to communicate with their employers and also how to do the work as employees and not as trainees.
He said that although the government has started distributing vaccines, the people should not lose hope or be stingy and should follow the rules so that we can curb the spread.
Dkhar said he, Syngkon and Mukhim still support the Congress-led government.
He said that although all the forests around the villages and areas are private forests, it is difficult to close down because many of them say that they have to cut down and leave the forests. their forests because they need money.
I also hope that the State will be able to produce athletes who will take part in international games.
After a long dispute, it was decided to postpone the matter until it is resolved by the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle has warned against the drivers of commercial taxis in Nongthymmai, Rynjah, Madanryting and Nongrah.
According to him, the party is now preparing to field about 12-15 candidates in the upcoming elections.
Children in school grow up in their work if they love their duties whether at home, in the mountains, in the office, at school they get knowledge.
When asked about his confidence to win again this time, Prestone said he has traveled around the constituencies and the wind of the NPP has been blowing at every meeting.
“Bah Lapang has done well and when he thought, while Bah Lapang has given advice to us who are younger, it is not appropriate to come back,” said Bah Process.
However, he forgot to extinguish the fire and the fire spread to the house and destroyed the cows.
He also stressed on the need to treat all vehicles carrying beverages at the gates before entering the state.
The KSU has been accused of being a violent group and has set up branches in colleges, universities and villages.
The camp was organized by CSC Bal Vidyalaya and conducted by VLE Smt Rosemi Sari located in Mukhla village under the supervision of CSC Bal Vidyalaya (CSCBV) Academy.
“Is a cow more expensive than a woman in India?” protesters in Mizoram asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Such a problem happens not only in Shillong, but in many rural areas where the rivers have turned into large streams where all the garbage has been dumped into them.
Explaining about the incident, John Warlarpih, Secretary Umsen Village, said that these Nepalis, who own about 30 households, tried to approach the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ken Syiem, and ask for permission. The Rangbah Shnong, on the part of the Syiem, has already handed over the Rangbah Shnong to Gorjon Rongsal.
The construction was funded by the Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA) through its Research Cell at a cost of T.5 lakh. Hope Children's Home, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District was also part of the opening ceremony of the 10th Anniversary of the Research Cell – KJWA since its establishment in – 2023.
The Government took this decision at the Cabinet meeting and informed that the State Government has started a reclamation fund for minor minerals since 2014 to repair the damage caused by mining. which was established in accordance with the order of the High Court.
He sent a message to the police and his parents that he has lost hope and regretted the behavior of the HNLC leaders in Bangladesh because they are rude and commit corrupt and inappropriate acts by holding They are the Khasi.
At the same time, the MCTA has warned that if NEHU does not respond to this public announcement, they will take other stronger measures, which they have not yet announced.
The holiday is also for all factories (Undertaking), any department of N.I.Act 1881, shops, day laborers, including those working outside the constituency. Section 135B under the Representation of the People Act,
Even the Syiem who holds the customs and traditions and the faith of the children of the thousands of the kingdom has shown that he has violated them and this is an encouragement to others to marry cleanly.
The Smit Taxi Owners and Drivers Association lodged a complaint against the taxi drivers on the 3rd of July.
Father Michael gave seven suggestions on how to choose their education.
She hoped to be in good health to take part in the National Inter-State Championship, which is the final selection program for the Hangzhou Asian Games.
“Our failure to work is due to the curfew, not because of our personal reasons, if we oppose and something happens to us who will take responsibility,” said the workers.
Another bike (ML 01 4148) of the District Housing Officer of Nongstoin, Bah Francis Kharshiing, was set on fire by robbers at Law-u-sib in Rynjah. The house of Kong Belis M Nongrum in Lawsohtum Block 5, has been burnt down.
Khliehriat, Naitung 20: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, 22nd November, has declared a public holiday on the 22nd of November.
At the same time, he is also a fighter for the rights of the citizens and against illegal activities and robbery.
“It is in writing that there is no such thing from the authorities whether it is from NEEPCO, the statement that the NEEPCO office will be relocated from Shillong to Guwahati is not true,” he said.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, SS Langi, denied that there has been any misuse and corruption in the implementation of the scheme.
Another is to alleviate the problem of the residents of Jowai and the market dwellers to avoid the garbage dump.
Agnes was arrested on the 8th on charges of preventing a MUDA official from demolishing illegally built houses in Umsawli and Mawlong-Mawtari.
Recalling this, it cannot be said that if the church leaders do not have the responsibility to explain to the people how to elect the rulers, there is no doubt that the nation in this state will be more than Sodom and Gomorrah.
Launched this year, the purpose of the launch of this vehicle is to fulfill the desire of customers who want to have beautiful vehicles that are also capable of driving on rough roads, and easy to use. on daily visits.
Rison Malngiang of Iawphniaw FC scored the two goals for the team and the man of the match was awarded to Rison Malngiang of Iawphniaw FC. The next match will be played on the 4th of this month between Mawlai Mawtawar SC vs 7Wasa.
In a statement, Ma Madal Sumer, who filed the case in the Supreme Court, said that the CMPDI is a joint venture with Coal India and if so, how can it? company, will be involved in the mining industry in the State.
On the other hand, the two organizations said that they will not allow UCIL to mine uranium and soon the two organizations will hold a public meeting to protest and strongly oppose. Shillong, Naitung 06: The Congress leader in the state, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the AICC chief has not yet visited Shillong. The discussion on the replacement of the leadership but only on the status and work of the party and the government.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills Circle (HYC) has said that the road connecting Sutnga, Jalaphet Bri Sutnga and other villages is in danger and needs urgent repair.
In the second part, he apologized to the relatives of the child for his mistake that day without thinking about life or death.
When they return home with hypocrisy in sight, they struggle to go to sleep.
Nongpoh, July 05: As part of the celebration of World Environment Week on the theme “Only One Planet” at Pahamsyiem Village, the office of the Divisional Soil & Water Conservation Officer Ri -Bhoi District on Tuesday launched a mass afforestation program to restore and preserve the environment.
Dr Mukul said that Purno, while speaking at a public meeting in Rongsak before the 2013 elections, had criticized the government for its intention to end the insurgents.
Wanñiang said that although the people have lost the road which has already been allocated funds for the construction, but until now they have not rested but they are still following and reminding the government, that Opportunities should be created to build roads for the convenience of the people.
Ampareen in her speech said that 'Politics' is a great drama, because what they used to say in the media they remember or hear what he said. You can say that you are a thylliej without shyieng and it shouldn't be like that because this is a sacred job and if you want to be an MP to insult people is not the right way but it is necessary the unity and hard work of all the supporters to bring the candidates to the finish line.
Shillong, July 20: Three persons identified as Rajesh Jogi, 21, Sunil Chetri, 30 and an 18-year-old boy were arrested on the night of 19th July at 9 pm. The incident happened at Polo Market, Shillong.
During the inspection, two bags weighing 15.5 kilos were recovered.
Anthony Kongwang contested the MDC election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council in 2014 and came second.
For civil society organizations or groups recognized by the government for at least three years involved in community service activities.
This village is located in Laskein Block and falls under Saphai Out Post.
However, with the outbreak of COVID-19, it has caused a lot of trouble to the Sohtrun farmers, as they do not have enough market to market these Soh which they have cultivated and worked hard every year.
The registration has started on 13th November, where the registration of women in the state till 14th November has exceeded 1000 women in the last 24 hours. The scheme will benefit the women of the state to build their families through the empowerment of women in Meghalaya through the WE card, which is the priority goal of the the Trinamool Congress.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar Jowai has announced that it has released tickets to the public to visit the Fire House.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The polling for the mid-term elections in Nongstoin constituency, which was held on 21st November, went smoothly without any interruption from the beginning to the end of the period.
“Fire can be made in many ways, just as a person can change in many ways,” said Bhalang.
The Minister acknowledged that this issue is complex and complex, but the Government wants to take into account all the comments and suggestions on how to proceed in this regard.
In the Dkhar country, this land is covered with lyngkor; so that there is no water supply between the two rows of rice.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle today conducted a raid on foreign workers in Madanriting and Happy Valley.
The ceremony will start from the gate at Umiamkhwan at 8 pm and the ceremony at Duwan at 10 pm.
He said that besides this, the government will also build a Game Village at Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​about 70 acres but the government will seek it from other departments.
He works smartly in the house of his father, He praises the creator, The sin in the darkness doesn't last long, The light in the light shines.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Donkupar Roy, said that recently on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Shillong Polytechnic, the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, had announced in his speech that the government will Dr Laloo's answer was different from the engineering studies at the Polytechnic.
These great deeds have been a blessing to the Khasi people.
It is said that it was in this place that they thanked the Lord the Creator because he never forsake man when the roads were over.
There is a sad story told, in which these soldiers, who were arrested, were punished for a while, by tying their hands, covering their eyes and after they had been arrested, they were tortured. persecute them, and kill them.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HNYF East Khasi Hills, Bah Tyllibor Swer, said that after a meeting with the General Manager, he said that as this is Sunday, the corporation will not be able to work. Employees were not forced to take part in this event but those who wanted to participate were free to participate.
After receiving a tip on the incident, the Mawkyrwat Police Station rushed to the scene and the investigation is ongoing.
He urged all the people of Shella constituency not to be misled anywhere but to stand firm on their own foundation and strong mind and soul to work hard until they reach the goal. “I am pleased to say that the loss of my ticket from the Congress party has not discouraged me at all but with the pressure of the people I will fight without hesitation to achieve the aspirations of the people of the party. The whole area' concluded the statement.
Thus, our Parliament has shown the world how to have fruitful dialogue.
Remember that this behavior of a few often brings shame on the nation and the state itself.
The WRC was funded by the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Urban Affairs Department, Government of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the DC will not hesitate to enforce this rule throughout the district to protect the lives of humans, animals, health and the environment.
He said that if these insights can be used by the farmers, it will be a great opportunity to improve agriculture and income of the farmers.
SHILLONG: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA of Mylliem Constituency and Minister of Urban Affairs, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a road in Mawnianglah for East, Mawnianglah West and Kynthawlang Upper. Shillong on the second day.
Shillong: The district authorities have extended the curfew from 10 am today to 10 pm today, according to sources.
Other senior football officials in the Western Hemisphere who have been accused of bribery include CONMEBOL Vice President Eugenio Figueredo, Secretary General of the Union Eduardo Deluca and Treasurer. Romer Osuna.
In the first innings, Kishan and Swarjeet shared 78 runs for the fourth wicket.
Hrithik Roshan has released a picture of himself with Jackie Chan.
In today's match, Lajong had many chances but missed without scoring on many occasions.
“However, the Rangbah Shnong of Maitdein has alleged that the people of Barato have come to knieh the farmland and fish ponds of the people,” said Bah Shadap.
The editor of Vogue, who was appointed chair woman of this year's Met Gala, decided not to invite the Kardashians to the ceremony, which Kim after receiving news about this was very angry.
On Tuesday, 36 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1458 in the state.
Nongkrem FC struggled to score the first goal in the second half but Mawpat goalkeeper Kerechard Lyngdoh managed to save the goal. Mawpat scored the second goal for Mawpat.
Man cannot prepare his own food – drink, without water, he cannot sum and shoot his own tools, or himself.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya has suspended the order of the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, to elect the Chairman of the KHADC. yes cup.
Pelcy Snaitang's wife was born in 1907 (BJP-1907).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Michael N Syiem, one of the presidents of the KSU from 1978 onwards, said that in his lifetime while with the KSU, he was imprisoned 26 times but the fighting spirit never disappeared.
“Bah Latiplang is like a brother, I don't have anything to say against him but on the election, whoever wants to contest is up to the individual,” said Dr Mawthoh.
“It was necessary to adjust according to the number of people, the number of us Khasi and Garo brothers and sisters has differed.
Soshenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Victor Rani, MDC, Commissioner Secretary, PHE & Forest Department and Bah Soshenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang were also present at the inauguration ceremony. SMA Rajy, Chief Engineer of PHE, Bah CR Challam, Kong RM Kurbah, DC and others.
These farmers will benefit by talking to agricultural experts on their mobile phones and these will include farmers from Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills as well.
LTD.in Owner.
The quake struck 25 km east of Aizawl (ENE) at a depth of 35 km, while the epicenter was located 25 km east of Aizawl. at 23.80 (latitude) and 92.26 (longitude).
With a 2-1 lead, Laitkyrhong continued to play hard and did not allow the opponent to score and by the end of the match they managed to beat 2-1 goals and won the title. last name.
“The employees of this office have said that the file has been lost and for that reason, the issuance of the NOC has been delayed,” said Bah Rani.
Returning to the match between Eastern Pirate and Spainlang SC from Smit on 15/06/2019, Eastern Pirate scored a goal. Micky Tynsong scored the first goal from a freekick in the 25th minute.
In this state, the situation is different because the piat has been imported from abroad.
Sign Language is also a key to the inclusion of deaf people in society.
The visit of Paiem Ainam to this village is a great pleasure for the example of unity shown by the residents.
Education is the goal to bring about change in the future of Meghalaya.
Mawlangsu is about 12 KM from the NH 44 E Shillong-Nongstoiñ road and the road to reach the church is from Umlieh village (PWD road Tyllang – Nongriat) and the road is good. until the place of worship.
In the past, the Court has asked the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to respond to the state government's proposal to 342 households of Sweepers' Colony from Mawlong Market have been evacuated within four months of the stipulated time.
Therefore there shall be no more wonder in this world.
“Many of the programs and schemes from the state and central governments require the beneficiaries to have a bank account, therefore, it is necessary for banks even in remote areas for “And as the government we are facing a big problem due to the lack of banks in the rural areas for the implementation of these schemes and programmes,” said the Minister. government" he added.
Khliehriat, November 23: Four organizations under the umbrella of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement, the Jaintia Students Movement, the East Jaintia National Council and CORP, The SHM has distributed articles through leaflets to explain to the public regarding the rules and regulations issued by the state government regarding the coal mining industry. you SHM the rules.
The Central Government has introduced two more Dorbars called the Municipal Council and the Village Council.
What will happen if the third world war breaks out in this age?
“I will try to do well and win again as a beloved leader of the people.
The meeting was organized by the FKJGP Malki Circle in the presence of the Sengkmie Leaders and the staff of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Has anyone asked why such things happen only within the border of Bri u Hynniewtrep? Wherever we turn, whether it is at the border, in corruption, in the violence against the poor, in the rape of women and children, and in the lack of respect for our nation, just for the sake of wealth, we see that the future. of the country and the nation is hopeless.
Meghalaya bowlers struggled to defend the run despite the short run, and among those who took wickets were Manish (1/24) and Bipin (2/2 ) but this was not enough for the team to win the title.
Neelam Devi, 42, is a teacher and is preparing for the Civil Services examination.
The Government of Assam has crossed the border and we are still lagging behind.
Rikamatchi said that her studio is also a goal to preserve the environment and she has also signed a partnership with Casmara & Naturica to build a studio that can serve the environment. the public.
Dr. Sankey was the only MDC who filed his nomination papers before the Legislative Secretary JHADC on Saturday.
All the kurs are invited to attend the celebration of the Seng Khasi.
When asked by the reporter, the price of the coal in money, which is now outside the crematorium and which should have been sold, Ma Hambertus, said, “Less than T.1klur. , T.2 crore of money, the owner who has ten crores of money"
When questioned, the driver of the vehicle said that he spoke in Bengali.
So far, 119 Palestinians and eight Israelis are believed to have been killed.
The new PAC is led by Paul Lyngdoh as chairman and includes members KP Pangniang (HSPDP), Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Bluebell Marak from Congress and Hopeful Bamon (IND).
In addition, if there are many jobs required to work in this office, the Government should create more posts for the benefit of the youth job seekers and the convenience of the people who visit this office. needed from time to time.
Referring to the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, Lamphrang said that this is also one of the demands of the Khasi language. knowledge and protection by law will be lost from the face of the earth.
Whether the statement of Bah Sawkmie is true or not, it will be revealed in the dorbar to be held from the 26th to the 30th.
He said that as the Government of India has set a target that by 2024 it will provide drinking water to all households and residents of India including Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Joe Lamare, in a statement today, said that he has left, on his own opinion and has nothing against Pastor Basaiawmoit, as an MP candidate and He said that he does not want to continue to participate with the group, which leads Pastor Basaiawmoit, who is the MP candidate from Shillong Constituency.
In addition to these songs included in the Seng Khasi Song Book, this elderly man has also written a Lamphang in the book, which reminds us of our duties and responsibilities as Khasi and not to forget the original right, forget the Longbriew.
“If the Government takes the initiative to set up various departments in the rural areas, it can reduce the traffic jam in Shillong,” he said.
The two teams played their last match on Tuesday at the MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong where they scored 2 goals each.
We should encourage and strive to develop the most profitable industries such as pharmaceutical, food processing, herbal medicines and others without destroying the environment so that we can create job opportunities. for the youth of the country.
At the time when the people of Mawlai were still in love with Amit Paul (pronounced Pal), Mawlai was named Amitnagar; but in my opinion, after a few years, it will become Ahmednagar.
Members of the Seng also physically rushed to the flood affected areas to help the people who have been stranded in their homes and shops to take them to other places safe from the floods. .
Khasi, Khasi police are being harassed by Khasi police, corruption will continue to increase.
Furthermore, Bah Donbester Syiemlieh will now prepare for the professional MMA fighters license where he will have to fight 25 amateur MMA fights to get the professional licence.
In Manipur, the state government has issued an order banning the import of pigs from outside the state.
The greatest nations in the world survive because in the first place they struggled to preserve their own language, they told the story of the swordmen, the heroes, they thanked or praised. They followed the thread of the matti that the longshwa had led them.
Ahead of the start of the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2024, the new Gujarat Titans player, who was bought for Rs 3.6 crore, was injured in an accident.
However, until it is passed in the Legislative Assembly, it is not the rule.
Philosopher Iawphniaw of Moon View Cafe and B Khongwar of Ever Banalari Restaurant should be informed that the hearing will be held on 29th November
It is for this reason that when the time of elections comes, the same parties that are working in the government turn against each other.
He said that the party will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor these issues so that we can curb the influx of foreigners into the area.
Therefore, the MIPF warns other contractors not to work torti like this but to work honestly when they get the job so that it will be for the benefit of the people as the government has allocated.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 67 new cases have been confirmed and 923 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
From the HSPDP, only Bah Martle Mukhim will contest.
This reduction in school enrollment and high drop-out rates among children is due to the pandemic.
Dr Mukul Sangma works for the rural people because he grew up in the rural areas and therefore if he is re-elected as Chief Minister he will bring development to the state,” said Dikkanchi.
If you go to the canvass before the elections, you will be humiliated and become a fool because as soon as the government is formed, everything will change in words and deeds.
Shillong: About 20-30 members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today were blocked by the state police to protest against the CAA 2019, and to inform the Minister that Sanjeev Kumar Balyan and Sunil Deodhar, National Secretary of the BJP, today held the election of a new president. The CoMSO has vowed to protest against the ministers of the Meghalaya government who intend to visit Meghalaya. .
In this regard, Bah Pohshna, while meeting with these villages, requested the Union of Waheh Shnongs to request MeECL to provide these transformers for these villages including Pamtbuh. Pohshna through the 'Sur u Paidbah' has appealed to MeECL which is only 5 km from Amlarem, Pdengkseh which is only 15 km from Amlarem, Padu and others. Bah Pohshna through the Union of Waheh Shnongs War Jaintia to repair the MeECL Sub-Divisional office in Amlarem. The office inspectors have already sent a letter to the CMD to find ways and means to install only Muster Roll (linemen) in Amlarem.
This is the problem of these traders. It is illegal for such food items as rice, sugar, piat, dal, because these are food items, which if done will affect the poor. to tnup the trap.
She said the Horticulture Department has done its utmost to assist the farmers how to prevent the disease and other assistance as much as possible.
Jowai, Naitung 01: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was held today at Kiang Nang Stadium, Jowai. .
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: Hundreds of people have gathered outside the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex to hold a candlelight vigil in memory of the soul of Samla Walinda Binong. The right to conduct a thorough investigation into the true cause of the death of this student from Ri Bhoi.
For Phramer, Francis Sumer (34), Riki Suchiang (63) and Shibormi Suchiang (70) scored three goals.
The union said that this action of the education department has seriously affected the education of the students.
Later, he inaugurated the Assam Trinamool Congress office at Jan Path, Jayanagar.
They will enhance the capacity of this training center which can play a major role in the development of traditional medicine in the region.
“You know that the Delhivery system of all the departments of the state government is very slow to operate and this is the reason for the lack of receipt of this donation,” said Bah Disparsing.
On the other hand, Gurung said that he was very pleased to watch the archery competition on this day and added that Shillong is a place that supports the sports.
Speaking to reporters, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, who has been appointed by the government as the Nongpeit of the area, said that the order was issued to inspect the people. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has issued a notice to the state government.
Jinson Johnson, the men's 1500m champion who is still the Asian Games champion, has now won the 1500m title in his first race. This year at the Indian Grand Prix II 2023 Athletics Meet in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.
Nongstoiñ, November 1: The election campaign in Rambrai Jyrngam constituency has started to intensify as the days approach to elect the candidate for the post of MDC to fill the vacancy after the death of the former MDC of the constituency. he left the job.
The awards ceremony was also attended by cricketers from six states of the North East including the winners and those who performed well in the 2022-23 season, under the umbrella of Pu Zoramthanga, who is also the Chief Minister of Mizoram, was also present as the chief guest along with officials and executives.
BJP Meghalaya General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty on Tuesday said that the law and order situation in Garo Hills has deteriorated from bad to worse after the MUA-II government came to power. Congress in the state.
After this incident, police conducted a search operation on Sengbathson D Shira and it was yesterday that they shot dead him while he was hiding in Kemdang village while he was planning to to collect the ration paper from the villagers.
The Chairperson of the House, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, while accepting the no confidence motion, has scheduled the election to be held tomorrow at 2 pm.
However, we urge the state government to support this young man to perform in Mumbai,” said Thabah.
There is no one to comfort you.
At present, the Council auctions the Wah Lukha every year by calling a tender for those who wish to buy it, but this auction of the Wah Lukha benefits only one buyer and deprives the other. he who is good is not.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the cooperation in the society as a paradoh parasnam in the society will develop the nation.
The HNYF will soon meet with the head of PWD NH-44 on this road.
The UDP Garo Hills has decided to contest the elections at a meeting held today at the residence of UDP Garo Hills President BG Momin.
Speaking on the prices, one of the shopkeepers said that there has been no change or increase in the price and it remains the same as usual.
Shillong: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has decided to suspend the first semester of classes under the Four Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP). of the NEP 2020, as a sign of protest against the forced decision of NEHU to implement the National Education Policy (NEP)-2020 from 1st July.
This beauty is described by the creator as a land flowing with milk and honey that is different from the countries of the world.
“We are pleased to open the Spectra, which is a restaurant that is open all day at the Courtyard by Marriott Shillong&quot; Tushar Nagar, General Manager, Shillong.
The incident occurred at 7 pm or 1000 GMT. A group of Comando Class A robbers set fire to a room where they were holding a group of robbers. They were members of the Commando Vermelho or Red Command, the report said.
The donation of land by the village is based on the desire to maintain peace and order in the village and to avoid the invasion of foreigners especially from Assam as Umwali village is one of the most vulnerable places in the village. are now in the midst of a compromise between two governments.
Guwahati, Naitung 17: Assam police have shot dead an ND FB leader in Chautara area of ​​Gossaigaon police station in Kokrajhar district.
“Mei, why are you so worried...” asked Rida. The mother listened for a while and replied, “I am worried because of what happened.
The CIDs who arrested Jha from Bihar arrived in Shillong on Friday evening with Jha and were immediately taken to the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate B Joshi at 5:30 pm.
“There is no indication that the CEM will support us yet,” said Bah Shylla.
For more information, please call 7005861828 (J.Kharbuli), 9774534908 (S.Kshiar), 8258958333 (K.Lynshing) & 9774100270 (R.Wankhar).
On the part of Meghalaya, Dines Marak from Tura and Dr. HC Pakynteiñ gave a speech on “Herbal Medicine”.
“We don’t like the government’s action at all.
During the celebration, the party office bearers lit candles to be part of the celebration.
Therefore, in the absence of these two, they are still willing to ask questions or argue when they recognize that there is misguidance especially on the part of the government and its policies whether at the state or central level.
According to sources, the Indica was heading from Shillong to Pynursla while the Bolero was heading to Shillong.
As part of the protection of fish and other fisheries, the Dorbar Shnong Ialong, West Jaintia Hills has declared the Um Dalong area, part of the Myntdu River as a Fish Sanctuary on Tuesday.
As of 2013, there have been 40 cases.
However, it has been observed from time to time that the driving style of motorcycles and scooties is immoral in which the drivers do not hesitate to drive their motorcycles and scooties. It is not so but it is just a stupid and stupid stupidity in which they don't even understand that they put their own lives in danger and also the lives of other people.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has also issued rules and regulations at the border areas, where people are prohibited from walking and standing within a distance of 1 kilometer of the Indo-India border. Bangladesh.
“We have been maintaining this site since 2015 and so far, we see that it has succeeded and from now on we will start looking for ways and means how to implement all those plans,” said Bah RibanHaba. When asked whether the Raid has any intention of making this place one of the tourist attractions, Bah Riban said, “We have set this place to be special and ha At the same time, once we have preserved the forests, the plants, it has become a tourist destination.
Latip said that KHNAM has not yet received any letter or letter regarding these issues but the signs have been seen in the newspapers. Ardent M Basaiawmoit, but the UDP said that it will not be discussed better at the ARPA meeting. “We will leave it to the wisdom of the UDP. ARPA, we want to be satisfied and there will be no problems,” said Latip, who is also the Secretary of ARPA. Speaking on the UDP's shortcomings, Adelbert Nongrum said, “Why should we put too much? “It shows that there is something behind it that I don't want to say,” he said, concluding that the greatest power is the people, if the UDP is strong.
If this figure goes by, it is clear that there are about 10 MLAs who will join the BJP, besides these 3 MLAs who have already resigned from their MLA seats and who have already announced that they will join the BJP. They include Himalaya Shangpliang, Mawsynram MLA, Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella and Benedic Marak, Raksamgre MLA.
Kunwardhrub, who bowled 4 overs, conceded 22 runs and took 4 wickets.
The KHADC is preparing to divide the constituencies into MLA constituencies and has set a target to do so before the elections next year.
When Israel fought against the Arabs as it had happened in previous years, the Christians here in Khasi Jaintia, in their hearts, sided with Israel.
He was one of the founders of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and the first General Secretary of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
Asst Professor of Don Bosco College, Byndihati, Prof. Sevendar Dkhar, gave a lecture on Personality Development and words of encouragement to the students.
Use of village announcements for emergency messages related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Since Parliament allowed the Dorbar to be broadcast publicly, citizens have had the opportunity to see how our MPs participate.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Precious Tmung, President of the Meghalaya Ryndia Producers Association, said that there are many benefits that the textile manufacturers receive from the Ministry of Textile and Handlooms. They do not use the schemes launched by the government.
He urged the residents and the public to support the band by purchasing a CD which costs only T.90 each so that they can continue to sing more accurately.
We live in a heritage of ignorance and unbelief and we live in a heritage of many and difficult diseases.
The incident happened at Sabuda village at 10.30 pm this morning, when Sheltiroy Mukhim, who has a mental disability, allegedly shot and killed these lines. One woman died hashen and another person was seriously injured and was taken to NEGIRIMS Civil Hospital for treatment. .
These youths from Nongmawlong village joined the RBYF at a meeting held on Saturday at Nongmawlong village in the presence of the Political Secretary of the RBYF, Bah RJThangkhiew, U RBYF Umsning Circle President Devan Wajri, RBYF Kyrdemkulai Circle President Synshar Kharjanti and other RBYF leaders. RBYF Nongmawlong Unit includes Headingroy Lyngdoh as President, Bonny Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Shinning Nongbet as Vice President and many other leaders.
The Minister said that the Government has set up a committee of several departments headed by the Chief Secretary called the Shillong Decongestion Committee, to monitor the progress of the work.
He said that if the government can provide hostels to the leaders and land at the price of T.1 to the IAS officers, how can it not help the youth who come from poor families? don't.
“Police are conducting investigation and many people have been arrested and even last night, I was informed that till 12 pm, I received a phone call from the police chiefs informing me about the “I have taken various measures and therefore, I have monitored the situation,” he added.
“We have lodged a complaint with the MeECL department, but they have not come to replace it,” said the village secretary.
In addition, the role played by Makhian Chandame (Elizer Bareh) is the central part of the title of the film as he tells the story of the letter written by his brother (Lasubon) and his father. by Darika.
Two persons were seriously injured when they were stabbed by a sdie on the night of 3rd July at Tuber Kmaishnong village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Dr. Lyngdoh said, however, the University has decided to continue implementing the CUET-2
Speaking to reporters, MeFilma President Commander Shangpliang said that the cover and intro video should carry the theme of the programme.
“I am a strong member of the party, even in the MLA election even though I lost my ticket I supported the party candidate, but the party has insulted me,” said Bah Khan. .
Shillong, Nailur, 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday launched the Online Portal of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) which will be implemented in seven villages in the state. These villages include Nongrim Hills, Lapalang, Nongmynsong, Nongrah, Pohkseh, Riat Laban and Wah Dienglieng.
You have already created a form in this forum, but you have already created a form in this forum.
The program provided an opportunity for the cities to demonstrate their work within the Mission and also provided an opportunity to receive knowledge and examples of best practices.
Shillong: More than 10,000 rounds of tear gas have been used to disperse the crowd in the Motphran area, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Davies N Marak.
“If there are no religious groups, churches, even 30% of the educated people in the state will not reach that point. knowledge in the state".
He said that talks have also been held with the Bihar Police to provide security and protection for these two men to return to Shillong.
Shillong, July 19 : The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday said that the UDP has proposed and elected Conrad K Sangma to take over the post of Chief Minister. MLA elections in 2018, but now it is the same party that is criticizing.
The foundation stone laying ceremony of the Bhoirymbong C&RD Block was attended by Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Community and Rural Development, Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi Constituency, Dr.C Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary. The State Government and other dignitaries, including government officials, community leaders, Rangbah Shnongs and elders in the area.
Tynrai then beat Coterie 41-36 points.
Before the march, the school authorities first conducted an awareness program for the students on the dangers of smoking and chewing tobacco in the school grounds. They continued their march carrying placards, banners and slogans against and informed the public that tobacco is one of the harmful beverages.
“We will discuss this issue in the coming days, I don't want to talk too much on this issue,” said Bah Nongsiej when asked what steps he will take if he is expelled from the party.
he replied without hesitation.
It is only on these two grounds that the State Reservation Policy-1972 should be reviewed or revised before considering the Reservation Roster System.
In this procession, the faithful took part through prayers, songs of praise and honor to Jesus Christ who is in the Holy Eucharist and the procession was enriched by the white dress of the children together. the accompaniment of sisters and priests.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has planned to hand over MeECL to companies through franchisee for electricity collection and other services, but there has been strong opposition from other companies. akum in Umsning area, and in other areas in Mawkyrwat in the past years because it has caused a lot of problems and affected the poor and needy in the increase in electricity bills.
In the past few years, Abraham, who has visited Shillong several times, has announced his intention to work with the government to set up a training center in the city to develop children. NEUFC. It is impossible to say that these days many of the students in the state have to face the challenges of football. The suffering of unemployment and many of the youth who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to remain unemployed.
Shillong: Incumbent MP and Congress candidate Vincent H Pala, NPP candidate and Minister of State, Ampareen Lyngdoh and RDA candidate Robertjune. Kharjahrin and VPP candidate Dr. Ricky J Syngkon.
The injured were taken to Mairang Civil Hospital while one of the seriously injured was taken to Shillong.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to liaise with the District School Education Officers (DSEOs) and the Sub Divisional School Education Officer.
“Where is my mother?” asked Lydia. “It's still a lot of work.
In Punjab, 11 people have died, in Tamil Nadu eight and in Telengana seven.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HANM Jaintia Leader Ma Shaniah Suchen said that today at the meeting of the two parties, it was decided to convene a meeting of the Rangbah Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills on the 21st of this month. He said that the meeting will take a decision.
Patharkhmah and St. Gabriel's Higher Secondary School, Shillong which won the first, fourth and fifth places respectively.
This was announced in a statement by Neil Sootinck, General Secretary of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were doctors from PHC Diengpasoh, BDO Mawryngkneng Block, Social Welfare Department, teachers from other schools, Sordar Shnong Bah Super Rngaid, elders of the area. and others.
Excessive caffeine: Excessive caffeine intake from drinking green tea can affect your health in many ways.
He said that the purpose of the tournament was after the loss of his mother, who is his wife, especially when one of his children did not come at the time of his mother's death. Canada, even after a year of not being able to come due to the Covid-19 pandemic, has been able to come after 4 years, and now I am here to attend this memorable football tournament.
Pynshngain, who met with AICC leaders in Delhi including Vice President Rahul Gandhi, exposed the lack of transparency of the government led by Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Shillong: The Commissioner Secretary to the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Simon Andrew, today announced that the Budget Session for the year 2020-2021 will be held from 20th to 22nd July
Earlier, Satti was banned from public canvassing for 48 hours from his speech at Ramshehar in Solan district on 13th June over a post he wrote on Facebook. by saying “ma......d” and referring to Rahul Gandhi.
Prillnorine Chyne of Shella State, Sd.
The one that is still clean and bright and the one that is specially hidden along the National Highway.
The best way to kill it is to sow the rice in the sun; However, if you do not do so, you can use carbon bisulphide, about 10 ounces per 15 cubic feet of space.
After receiving a complaint, police conducted an investigation and after receiving detailed information, they arrested the thief from Shallang and also seized a motorcycle from the scene.
“Today, we have decided to hand over 10 acres of land in New Shillong Township near IIM for the CRPF to build a permanent residence in Meghalaya and later. “They will be relocated from the temporary camps to Mawdiangdiang,” he said.
Shillong, March 18: Nearly T.2 crore of the Professional Tax collected by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has gone to the accounts of private individuals. T.50 lakh was issued by the Nongstoin Council Department.
Rida's Niakha said that she was not a victim but because she was the head of the household.
The primary duty of the farmer is to provide for his fellow man with what he needs for life.
Notices of withdrawal of candidates shall be sent by the candidate or any person of the candidate who is an Election Agent authorized by/ candidate and must be submitted before 3 pm on 10th June 2023.
Sadly, many of the private forests have been destroyed because they have been cleared to sell to factories, to burn rnga and some to cultivate shyrti.
The shooting of the film will start soon in the next two or three days and will be shot around the beautiful places of the state which will take about two months to complete.
The winner received a larger cash prize and was awarded by Bah George E Lyngdoh, DSO and the runner up was awarded by Bah.
Almost all types of work done by the people have suffered due to the power outage.
In another incident, BSF troops arrested Noor Alam, 23, of Baluchar village, Mankachar, South Salmara district, Assam. from Bangladesh, along with his wife.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The students of NEHU under the umbrella of NEHUSU and Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue of The NEHU authorities have immediately suspended the Sports Director of NEHU, Nantu Das, who is in charge of security on charges of assaulting a woman referee on Sunday.
The damage and suffering caused by the flooding of the Brahmaputra River is unprecedented and this happens every year.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced Hamletson Dohling as the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) for the 2023 election from Mylliem constituency.
The power, wisdom and will of the people today cannot be counted stingy.
Relatives and residents are still trying to find Wanboklang Kurbah who is still missing.
“Due to the President's visit, there will be some parts of Shillong where vehicles will have to stop temporarily while the President is on his way.
At this meeting, the religious books written by the Sein will also be launched and the remaining Football Final of SKKST will be held. Shillong, November 3: The Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issues related to the Raij Tuber. They have vowed to stage a protest if the government does not listen to their demands to recruit first those nurses who have studied from the government scheme in the posts of Auxiliary Nursing Midwifery (ANM) nurses.
Therefore, he urged the scientists of CAU and ICAR to continue to strive to find ways and means to develop more technology in the region for the development of the country. organic farming is not used to produce organic farming.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, today alleged that the departure of Bah DD Lapang from the party is because the Congress is no longer in power. The Congress party is in power and Bah Lapang will not leave the party.
He said that the construction of the Sports Complex has cost Rs 127 crore.
He said that it is time for the people to reject the Congress party and elect a national party which stands for the service of the country and the nation and not like the party. Congress which is ruled from Delhi.
Until now, the MLA, although he is in the MDA government, has not been able to force his government to take action against the construction of Assam police stations in these border areas where most of the villages fall under the 4 Mowkaiaw Constituency.
“At present, there is no law empowering MLAs/MDCs to grant residence permits to any person,” the government said in a statement.
Surjewala said it was up to Modiji to follow the example of Rajiv, who brought about peace in Assam and Mizoram as well.
A pick up cost Rs 10,000, while a truck carrying four persons to Karimganj cost Rs 30,0
Rs 10 plan will offer 124 minutes of IUC minutes to non-Jio numbers and 1GB data.
Children took an active part in various competitions to bring out their talents.
Hundreds of market dwellers also expressed their anger over the insult to the Minister but it was due to the slowness of the two Ministers that the people have cooled down again.
Although the VPP MLAs left the House immediately in protest against the Governor's speech in Hindi, no other MLAs from other parties joined the VPP. Regarding the sudden departure of the VPP MLAs, Dr Ampareen said that although she was in the ruling party which had to follow the rules of procedure, she expressed her satisfaction that the Opposition had spoken on the issue. this is the mat.
In many cases, we have to struggle with growth and development.
The Court said that the state government has tried many ways and means to implement the airport and according to the reports submitted today, the government has allocated T.18, 17, 93,4 The State Commissioner of Transport (CT) has been ordered to pay the money to the land owners.
Shillong, July 21: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has sent a strong message to the state government to revoke the decision to ban government employees from holding office. Otherwise, they will take other stricter measures.
“We also expect the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister to do the same,” he said.
The affected areas will be the villages under the Shillong Municipal Board, Shillong Cantonment Board, Nongthymmai and Mawlai.
Confluence : Confluence is the place where water flows from many sources.
The fear is that if we don't force it, there will be a civil war in the country like what happened in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere, who will be responsible for it.
There have been 176 recoveries in the state today.
Naveen, in anger, called his wife dozens of times, saying that she didn't want to cook the jyntah dohblang, which he liked and that he wanted to eat dinner on Tuesday night. on October 18, 2022.
Cleanliness of the mouth is the key to healthy teeth.
In such an environment, if we want to survive, we need to have a vision of what will happen in the future.
However, it appears that the MDA allies will agree with him, whose name has not been announced.
(International Literacy Year) and the 1990s as the decade of education.
The Prime Minister said the delegation will also meet Home Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the same issue.
The drama of resignation from the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has continued today after Robert G Lyngdoh decided to resign from his post as Adviser of the MSOA. Robert has sent his resignation letter to the President and Working President of MSOA, saying that he too has decided to resign as MSOA Adviser. MSOA General Secretary Chiranjib Choudhury, MSOA General Secretary Chiranjib Choudhury, has been arrested in the evening. Thursday last month that he had to resign from this post.
Introducing the budget, Conrad also acknowledged that the outbreak of Covid-19 has affected the income in many areas.
In these days, almost all the residents of the village are suffering.
R.Kongwang, I State Pedagogy Coordinator SEMAM SSA Kong.
Because of the excellent quality of this shynrai, India is now expected to earn at least US$ 236.5 million from shynrai in 2018, and US$ 182.53 million in
He said this while addressing the officers at a special meeting with all the officers of various government departments in Tura to follow up and discuss with them on the implementation of various schemes on the 3rd of this month. July 2023.
In a televised speech last night, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the fighting would be intense and would take time to spend, as he said Hamas would fall. to pay a very high price.
Another sign before the end of those days is the need for people here and there to seek wealth near and far and the rapid increase in knowledge.
Stating that they are full citizens of Meghalaya, the Forum said that like the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, they too are “indigenous people”. They also live in Ri-Bhoi District and are the indigenous people of the State.
He said that once you become an MLA, the scheme goes hand in hand and you don't have to just charge the people with 500 or 1000 tyngka.
Guwahati: The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, on Tuesday said that the police officers of Assam should be disciplined in terms of the powers entrusted to them so that they can avoid the Four people from Meghalaya and one forest guard from Assam have been shot dead.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills District Council, Thombor Shiwat and a delegation from Assam led by Nelamani Sen Dekka.
In the Grand Finale, the Coaches/Judges will not award marks but there will be an External Judge or an external judge to judge the competition.
“Youth, farmers and ranchers, self-employed and day laborers should have a better life.
“How much coal has been extracted, the traders can transport it only after they have paid the tax,” said Ranjan Mukherjee, government lawyer, while speaking to reporters after the opening ceremony. The hearing was held today.
The player of the tournament was awarded to Bah Kyrshan Lyngdoh of Friends Sporting Utd.
The NIA team has seized the immovable assets of the three accused in two incidents of their involvement in committing terrorism and members of militant outfits like Hizbul Mujahideen (HM) and Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM), among others.
On the other hand, about 9,000 students of the North Eastern Hills University have received various degrees from the university today.
He said the re-inspection would also be conducted by the Survey of India and this would be done after a meeting with the Home Minister.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Ransom Sutnga on 4th June said he is confident of winning 100 per cent in the election to be held on 27th June.
JM Pohsngap PHF President 2019-20 and Rtn.
They also described the steps they have taken so far to overcome these challenges.
Special thanks were given to the Secretary of the MCA Gideon Kharkongor and other staff of the MCA who attended the meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, C.Songate, Principal Secretary, IRS, Government of Meghalaya, said that this is a memorable day. the people of this neighborhood are fortunate to have such an educational institution.
He advised the members that they can raise their issues in the right way and they can also discuss their problems with the Presiding Officers outside the room.
It is worth mentioning that on Thursday evening, the residents of Lumsyiap Upper Golflink's village have been angry with the Maxi taxis on the allegation that they are cheating and making money by choosing the land besides taking the land. low cost to riders.
According to a police statement, M.Kharkrang SP East Khasi Hills said that after receiving a tip on the evening of the 31st of this month, a Maruti Car with registration number ML- 05-J 7092 from Anjalee Petrol Pump without paying , police have seized the vehicle from Khyndailad and arrested four members of the HYC car.
Rangdajied United FC became the first team to reach the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 after beating Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the semifinal. The meeting was held on the 7th of June at the SSA First Ground, Polo.
Kolkata police said Shilanti was used to lure the MP to visit Kolkata on the orders of Akhtaruzzaman. Akhtaruzzaman has paid up to T.5 crore to those who killed the MP. Jihad Hawladar, who was arrested, has confessed to killing the MP. The MP, along with four other colleagues in Kolkata, killed the MP on the orders of Akhtaruzzaman.
Meghalaya has held 40 elections since 1972 and we have not yet experienced political parties that stand and operate according to their new political ideology.
These are East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills districts.
Therefore, we would like to urge the Khasi people to speak our own village language such as Maram, Lyngngam, Pnar and other village languages ​​which have been spoken since our ancestors.
“I request your support to launch the project to connect the Umtyra-Semasi road in East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya to Lubang in Karbi Anglong Assam through a 40 kilometer long road and a bridge on the Kupli River.
This comes from the Spirit and is the Spirit of Anti Christ.
The second phase was held on 26th June while the third and fourth phases were held on 7th and 13th January.
The deterioration of the road is due to the excessive steepness of the road, not only to go to the market, to get medicine, the people are very difficult and therefore the KSU Huroi unit, in a statement The president of the union, Samla Wallam Lamin Gadew, urged the government and the relevant authorities to take immediate action to resolve these issues of the people of this area.
In such a situation, we don't need any financial support or what you call “Rehabilitation Packages” for the HNLC,” said the HNLC Leader. The HNLC leader through the notice should receive strong criticism from all sides but at the same time we want to make it clear that we are not afraid of violent laws or death and we will continue our struggle. ours without laying the foundation.
Besides these teachers, the DSEO and SDSEO office also distributed awards to the students who have brought honor to the district including Lañiewkyrpang Nongrum who got the 8th position in the top 20 in the SSLC examination. , Sohan Thapa of New Era Secondary School, who got 15th position in the SSLC examination, Silbester Shadap who got 9th position in the top 10 of the HSSLC examination. The Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal. , IAS as Chief Secretary.
On Tuesday, Gokhale sent a letter to the Minister of PWD (Buildings) Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare seeking clarification on the agreement between the MDA Government and the contractors to build the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
In the C3 Category, there were 49 houses that needed to be repaired.
So they didn't know it well.
One cannot help but ask why they are still lagging behind after 51 years.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said the state government has decided to set up 3000 anganwadi centers across the state to implement the MECDM in which there will be about 60,000 people. children who benefit from this.
However, the 10 villages including Mawribah, Langja, Umthlu, Khyllemsangrin, Ktiehthawiar, Pyndensostap, Mawjari, Ummawrie, Kyrdum and Umnehlang, have been acknowledged as the villages of an.
When Bah Let learned of this, he was very happy and thought that Lydia's father, whom he called Maheh, had fulfilled his order to release his daughter Lydia. the dressing of one of the children of Bah Shanbor and to know well about the secret of Bah Shanbor on the land they are fighting or knieh.
Other batsmen including Paisal (34 runs from 71 balls) and Mewankitbok (25 runs from 84 balls) led Meghalaya to 300 runs. 188 runs in the first innings.
On the 15th of March, EJNC leaders visited the Secretariat, Shillong to inquire about the letter submitted by the EJNC. Dr. Laloo is outside the state and they will inform the party leaders of the date of the meeting once they have received word from him.
After an hour of discussion, there was a break with the farmers. During the break, they ate their own food as they had done in the past. Government Ministers also did not include the food items of the farmers.
However, I would like to comment here on the Khasi medicine which is said to have no side effects, which means that it has the power to bring about the health of the whole body – it is the medicine of the Khasi custom. :Ka Dustur: Although we cannot blame the custom, we need to think about this too – The Khasi custom which we follow today is the source of interaction with different ethnic groups from generation to generation of the Jaitbynriew in my path of development.
The pH of drinking water should not be less than 6.5 and 8 ph, said the president of KHNAM Youth Wing.
Police have registered a case under the Khliehriat PS Case No. 137 (9) 19 u/s 8(c) 21 (b)/29 NDPS Act.
Regarding the recruitment in the Police Department, Bah Tynsong said, “The posts are still vacant and we are still in the process of publishing the advertisement as the Cabinet has recently issued the approval of some amendments to the existing Rules of the Police Central Recruitment Board and we have already amended and will soon issue a public notice.
He said that the union urges the residents of the area to cooperate so that the robbers can be stopped.
When asked about these claims of Bah Rynga, Bah Leston expressed his surprise and surprise. “Who are those Congress leaders in Shella?” said Bah Leston. The party members support the candidate nominated by the party.
Notre Dame, a 300-foot-tall building, caught fire and fell to the ground.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Khanrkongor today said that the counting of votes at six Polling Stations of Block-II, Mawhati Constituency, Ri-bhoi District has been going smoothly. thanks to the cooperation between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, she requests and invites all the alumni of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat to attend.
He also strongly criticized the suspension of the Musiang market which has started since a long time ago but has not been completed yet.
We also congratulate the government employees who have worked hard.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has said that the government has decided to talk to the Central Government to release Paragraph 12 (A) (b) of the Sixth Schedule through a notice from the President of the Republic of Meghalaya. country.
Phoebe Litchfield, one of the most successful players in her career, has now received a contract after her unbeaten performance. 50 runs in the first two ODIs in the recent match against Pakistan.
The youths who used to wait until there were those 'protest programmes'
Khliehriat, Naitung 31 : Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to take action against the corruption. of the NH6 from Mynkre to Malidor village in East Jaintia Hills.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee of Ri Bhoi District, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Regional Committee of Meghalaya and Assam will meet in November to discuss the border settlement. of the second turn.
According to the doctor, almost all the districts in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have been affected, with the worst affected districts being Ribhoi, East Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The arrested drug dealer was identified as Abdul Aziz Barbhuiya of Hailakandi, Assam.
Although it didn't succeed in 2019, Niaw Wasa is expecting to play well this season.
In the past four years, more than 2,500 tonnes of seedlings have been distributed to expand the area.
This shows the lack of attention of the Social Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
Speakers shall not speak or criticize anyone who violates the dignity of manbriew or causes division among the residents or neighbours.
He urged the NPP Mission Unit to continue to organize such games and others so that it will be an encouragement to the youth and to get rid of many evils especially drugs and others. other alcoholic beverages.
The Minister said that it is clear that the Government when conducting transfer, mutation, mortgage, will and others, always follows the rules laid down in the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act, 1971 9Act 1 of 1972) and the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Rules,
The date of the opposition meeting will be announced later.
“Therefore, the AITC has said that we have gone ahead and announced the candidate in Meghalaya and that is why the TMC does not want to cooperate with us (Congress). I have allocated seats in West Bengal,” he said.
The VPP leader also alleged that the police on duty in Thangskai on that day, seemed to be on duty for the wealthy factory owners in East Jaintia Hills and not for the government.
Mix well both of these and this mixture is ready to use.
He said that the teachers will continue to protest in a peaceful manner and if anyone takes advantage to create trouble, FASTOM will hand them over to the police to arrest them.
Speaking to reporters, Naik said the meeting discussed many issues on the preparations for the upcoming MP elections as well as the preparations for the celebration of National Voters Day. on the orderly conduct of the elections.
The incident happened on 18th July 2022 at 11 pm at Nengbrek Gittim in Nongal Bibra Region.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the SAGM, the President IOA called on all to unite for the benefit of sportsmen as part of achieving the goal of Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India. India has announced that India must work hard to become a sports super power by
In 2018, the HSPDP won two candidates, Renik from Mawkyrwat and Samlin from Sohiong.
In a statement that the union in charge of these trucks should have a responsibility for the safety of the people, the WJSU stressed the urgent need to take action to stop especially those drivers who are more slow and who do not think of others as well as those who drink alcohol while driving.
In a complaint lodged by the Congress election agent, Abdul Aziz, he said that when they arrived at Garodubi, they were suddenly attacked by the NPP groups which caused serious injuries. About four vehicles were damaged in the blast.
The winners of the Under-14 boys 600m category were Khrawborlang Lyngdoh from West Jaintia Hills (00:01:34.91). Savio Surin of East Khasi Hills (00:01:35.47) won the silver medal and Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh of West Khasi Hills won the bronze medal.
In the two matches, Sunapyrdi FC vs Kuliang and Wahiajer Narpuh vs Borsora FC B both the matches were drawn without any goals.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 10, EKH: 128, RBD: 16, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 5, WGH: 10, WJH: 18 and WKH:
Arun Singh, General Secretary of the BJP, in a statement today, said that the party strongly opposes any speech against any religion and that the party respects all religions and strongly condemns any insult to any religion.
In a meeting with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, he said that the NOC cannot be canceled as demanded by the CCIB. The JHADC has already issued the NOC for a long time and the JHADC will have to consider the facts of the allegations before making a decision. and another, said Thombor Shivat.
He said that in this new phase, the KHADC will continue to implement the road and if the government through the PWD does not give permission, the Council will deposit the money to the PWD to implement the road. “We don't want us leaders to show ourselves, the people will die,” he said.
The Congress MLA, who recently resigned, said that they don't want to see the new party led by the former prime minister in the Congress government as well as the NPP government which has been in power for three years. the state.
The grant was released on the recommendation of the Fifteenth Finance Commission.
Sometimes he sang, sometimes he danced, sometimes he spoke in the city and played hide and seek.
This shows that the call is not clear because the leaders have already prepared to call another candidate,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
In a statement, MWA General Secretary Batskhem Basaiawmoit said that the weigh-in for the participants and the meet will start at 12 noon and will be conducted by the Anas Fitness Center (AFC). ).
In a statement, the KSU said that the protest of the 14 sengbhalang is not against any religious group or any ethnic group in the state, but against the government and the government. The ILP is a valuable law to protect the state from the invasion of foreigners and mynder. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said the Vice President of the KSU. Dr. Mukul Sangma on the lack of implementation of the ILP in the states where it has been implemented to prevent the influx of foreigners , the KSU said that the lack of implementation of the ILP in the three states to prevent the influx of foreigners The illegal entry of foreigners does not mean that the state will not work and this depends on the strengthening of the rules under the ILP.
Furthermore, some of the guidelines or measures to be taken in the event of heavy rainfall are to follow the guidelines related to the way of driving, if any, to avoid going to the to avoid living in places that are flooded and flooded, to avoid living in places that are flooded or flooded, to build houses in the fields before the floods.
In his speech, Babu Ditol Mylliemngap said that it was through the early training from his parents, teachers like Meirad Diyet Nongspung and with the guidance of God that he was able to achieve this. you're honored.
Shillong: After a thorough discussion regarding the spread of covid19; The FKJGP Jirang Circle North Khasi Hills Unit (FKJGP) has demanded that a doctor should be sent to check the passengers who use the Rani Jirang Mairang Road under the Anti Infiltration Check Gate. the spread of this terrible disease that has affected all the countries of the world.
The remains of the woman were completed on Thursday after completing the requirements of the law.
He donated 50,000 tyngka to those who will take part in the 5th Sub Junior National Kurash Championships to be held in Dhanbad.
Pala said that during the rule of the MDA government, corruption has increased in the state and to eradicate corruption, the rule of law should be changed to prevent the MDA government from being allowed to do so. to rule again within the state.
In the Mediterranean Sea, up to 570,000 tons of plastic are estimated to be dumped each year.
Sangma said that 418 people have applied for the post and half of them do not have the certificate of injection and their applications have been accepted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. office.
It is true that in the competitive world we cannot live only in our own country.
The G20 Global Partnership for Financial Inclusion document prepared by the World Bank has praised the progress made by DPIs in India in the past 50 years under the Modi Government.
The shortage of vehicles in the past few months is due to the fact that many commercial vehicles have not been able to come to the city lest they be seized by the Election Department to be used in the transportation of voters and election officials. .
On the other hand, she said that as children and parents who have had incidents of violence against children, they should immediately report to the relevant offices for assistance, such as at the office of the Social Welfare and also in the Court that if there are any incidents so that the law enforcement authorities can punish them according to the charges against the perpetrators.
U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met with the heads of the health department, the Deputy Commissioner and other government officials, to discuss the outbreak of the disease.
The question from many, those who have a passion and responsibility for education is – How will our government think about education? Will you take the Half Yearly Examination in June or July 2020? If there is still, will the Final Exam be held in which month? If the school opens in August or September 2020, how will the students who pass class X and XII get the exam? What is the result in June? How can they go to a new school or get admission, when every year on the day of results they go to get admission.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong said that the department has been directed to complete the DPR before the end of this month.
Prestone spoke about the development works that the Government has been trying to bring to Mawlai constituency since 2018 and spoke about the road construction projects such as the new road from Mawlai Bypass to Umroi which is now underway. , Shillong Engineering College at Mawlai, and other development projects.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas Passh, President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM, said that this incident was caused by the mismanagement of MeECL. Such incidents are not only now but there have been recent incidents in Sohiong and other places and he said that not only the electricity posts which have almost collapsed MeECL also said that it cannot replace them because it does not have the money.
In the floods and landslide in Riangdo, 200 byrni of rice were washed away, including other food items such as shini, ata, shira and others belonging to the ration distributors. In Mawshynrut Block, these items belonged to the Synroplang SHG (Female) Supplier ICDS, which were completely damaged.
“Mahatma Gandhi is no longer on this earth but his teachings and principles are alive for us to follow,” he said.
At Madan Stadium, the DSO and WJDSA officials held a meeting to encourage the athletes through speeches by DSO K. Passah, Hony General Secretary WJDSA Lammot Oo Laloo, In the presence of Working President EMH Passah, Vice President Patrict Lamare, SK Lalo (Founder Member of WJDSA) and others.
Toilet : sampon-sampon is a Pnar word for a place to eat and drink.
With a sad heart, Bahshadap said that he is willing to swear before the man of God and also on the Bible that he is not as alleged by the Shnong Mawrong. The Rangbah Shnong has said that his household will be at peace with the Shnong but the Rangbah Shnong has created a reason for this.
Kindness to those in need is kindness to God and it is these words that touch him so much that he has to help as much as he can.
What is more sad is that the electricity distribution company will look after and take over the Shillong circle and Jaintia circle of MeECL while Garo Hills has been exempted from this purpose.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the elders of the Sein Raij said that this festival is for the purpose of providing full protection to all the people of the village, to protect the crops from the lynshop of the village. and to improve the health of the people, to improve their income and to drive away the diseases far from their hometowns.
The union said the lawyers had to oppose the Chief Justice's action because they were not happy with the action under the leadership of the current Chief Justice (Acting).
Thus, those women who have been selected have already participated in this kind of sports in schools, universities and also at the State-level competitions.
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) in Ri Bhoi District today seized 3 trucks carrying cows in Ri Bhoi District. NH-6 road at Pahammawlein village, Ri Bhoi District.
“She said that the Government has decided to introduce a policy to ensure that all in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should be transferred to more challenging areas.
One of the areas in the state where foreigners are smart to come to eat lyer and stay is Riwar area because it has many amazing tourist attractions which are not seen in the whole country, such as Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen, double-decker living root bridges in Nohwet, Nongblai and Nongriat, Kongthong (Whistling Village), Mawlynnong (the cleanest village in Asia), Umngot River and others.
Like other crops, the surroundings of the tit farm should be cleaned and sanitized so that insects and lizards cannot enter.
“It is for this reason that I don't agree to look at the recruitment process to look only at the Bonded, we also look at the Non Bonded because their conversion to Non Bonded is because we don't have a school. “We are grateful to their parents who have spent their own money to send them to school,” said Dr. Mukul.
Shillong, Naitung 17: While the state is celebrating the 179th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, the flag of the new party was hoisted from the campus of NEHU, today. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has been renamed the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
No.
NewDelhi/Patna: Five people have been killed and 83 injured in a bomb blast in Patna, Bihar.
The High Level Meeting discussed the issue of students facing admission to Class XI in the state.
According to the Sohra MLA, ADB has a fund to build schools but from one fund it has to build three schools which the CP also includes. He said that the first phase has already been prepared to start but he wants it to provide a special allocation for the incident.
Perhaps if there is no strong opposition from the Sengbhalang on that day, it will be a great opportunity for Star Cement to win the Public Hearing.
On the same day, the first, second and third place winners of the Slogan Writing and Drawing Competition will be awarded with a momento. 5th July 2023, which is World Environment Day).
The damage is estimated to run into crores of rupees.2.
Spectators/passengers will not be allowed to stand and watch during the ceremony.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm on Friday morning.
Shillong: A group of Congress MLAs today held a meeting to discuss the border issue.
until now," said Kynsai.
The High Court said that there is no decision to indicate when the Roster System will be implemented in relation to the Reservation Policy of the State Government.
“I support the bill because it has approved many of our suggestions,” Agatha said.
The General Secretary of the Seng Samla Seng Kur Thabah, Samla Banteibor Thabah, said that the Kur will release the Almanac 2024, and urged the Thabah members to take part in the celebration of the Golden Jubilee. .
It is learned that the accident occurred due to the brake failure of the bus and many of the passengers were injured in the incident and were rushed to the hospital. Doctors of the Civil Hospital have sent them to Guwahati for further treatment.
Kyrshan Nongtdu scored the first goal for Byndihati in the 59th minute. Before this match, the match between Pamrapaithlu SC and Rymbai Pohskur ended without a goal. .
There is also a swimming pool 25m x 20m, a badminton hall with 6 courts, a table tennis hall, 4 squash courts, a cafeteria and an office.
They find it difficult to buy tickets at a reasonable price, as many of them are day laborers and BPL and have to take trains when they leave home to work. work of them every day.
:The TMC candidate from South Tura, Richard M.Marak on Tuesday slammed the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for the lack of governance and dissemination of information. wrong.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 27 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces, 2 cases from High Risk, 1 case from ILI, 1 case from SARI, 3 cases from outside, 2 cases from Laban cluster and 3 cases from Lummawbah cluster. , 2 cases from Madanryting Cluster, 6 cases from Nongkrem, 4 cases from Nongrah Cluster, 1 case from Polo Cluster and 1 case from Rynjah Cluster.
Governor V Shanmuganathan and Prime Minister Nanrendra Modi have practiced Yoga and other countries have celebrated this day as Yoga Day.
Other speakers included Assistant Rangbah Shnong Bah Ulrich Warjri, Hambert Rani, President SSMP, S Lyngkot, M Lyngdoh in the presence of Mawlai Phudmuri Women's Association and others.
Maitshaphrang Khongjee scored 34 runs from 21 balls while Damonlang Sun tied 29 runs from 35 balls.
Regarding the statement of the Nohwet residents, Bah Kmen said that the land of these people does not fall within 150 yards and is only 11 meters above the ground. but they shall be turned into duhei.
The attack by unidentified persons came after two days of peace and order in the state.
Since 2014-15, the Central Government has released financial assistance worth T.109.79 crore to more than 19,995 SC and OBC students under the “Scholarship for Higher Education for Young Achievers Scheme (SHREYAS), Free Coaching for SC & OBC students (FCS)”.
So far, only three states, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Bangalore, have allowed special trains to pick up residents who want to return to the state.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the NFSA Ration for the month of February,
A Sengbhalang and other volunteers have raided a place where nuti used to work in Ri Bhoi District.
The union has searched all the places and found that they are Muslim Khar, these Dkhars come to work in companies in Umroi and also in Lum Sohpetbneng.
In a statement, u Bah Ollan Sing Suin said that he will pray that God will be with them, who are his thousands of children so that they can pass and reach the next passes. .
Speaking to reporters, Hek said that if Sanbor holds the post of State President of the BJP, it would be very good, as he is an MLA who has won many times and is a leader. This will strengthen the Party.
Nongpoh: The family members of a 21-year-old girl have lodged an Ejahar against Bah Sambor Sawkmie, for allegedly raping her while she was alone at home. and incident on the 2nd of this month at one of the villages under Umiam Police Station.
Regarding this, the Trai Shnongs, the Syiems and the Village Authorities have issued an order that if anyone is found to be smuggling tourists, they will be punished.
The Party will meet the Prime Minister at 2 pm and invites the people to accompany the meeting at 1 pm at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat as a sign of this demand. It is not only the demand of the Party, but the demand of the people.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner praised the great contribution of women in the development of society and those who have taken a leading role in the development of society. The District Mission Management Unit (DDMU) to improve the livelihood of women, he added that women are responsible members of society. to alleviate poverty and also to improve the income of the households through their activities such as Self Help Groups (SHGs).
The Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU and the Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising NHEUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSA have been fighting for several days regarding the demand for the dismissal of NEHU. Consultant Rohit Prasad and to implement many other demands which affect the welfare of the students and teachers of the university.
He said others say they want change but it is not clear while the HSPDP wants change free from corruption and poverty.
When asked whether he had lived in France for many years since he was a child, how did he remember his native language and the Khasi language? “But after a few days, I remembered, there is no problem with my language,” he said.
The Israeli army said that on that day it raided and attacked terrorist camps in Jenin and residents of Jenin said that a fire broke out. and went into the field that day.
A statement from NEIGRIHMS said that this is a major achievement in the treatment of Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis in the North East.
This article shows you how to take care of yourself at home to get good and bright skin especially during the rainy season.
Shillong: A woman has been identified as Cicilia Rynjah, 44, daughter of Nongkynrih and sister of Bih Bih Sngaid. resident of Mawlai Nongkwar Block 8, has been missing since the morning of the 18th of this month and has not been found yet.
She added that with the encouragement of the MLA, he was ready to help the woman.
He also explained the foundation of the FKJGP which stands on three pillars to support and develop the country and the nation. .
According to the Khasi trader, the price of kubi is higher in the months of June and July when there is a shortage of jhur imported from abroad and then the jhur is just starting to appear.
In the first minutes of the match, Weiloi FC showed their skills in the game and tried hard to score but the goals didn't succeed. too.
During the search operation, which was conducted near Saiden, they found many two-wheeler drivers, not wearing helmets, driving on the wrong side, driving without license and others.
Jowai, Jymmang 09: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today honored Evangel Pohplet from Syndai Village, War Jaintia Circle. the Country and the Nation.
Through His mighty works, Jesus became a strength for the powerless and a voice for those who had no voice and did not dare to open their mouths.
The leaf should also not lose its appearance after staining, and smell like ripe apples.
The purpose of this is to have a clean and transparent system and to ensure that services provide specialized care for those in need of health care.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold its four-day Budget Session from 17th October,
Earlier, it had issued a notice to stop distributing fertilizers since July last year.
Jowai: Thousands of residents of Hingaria, Huroi, Lejri and Lahaleiñ villages together with members and leaders of KSU EJH and EJNC today marched to the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khlieh Riat. They also carried banners, placards demanding road, PHC and mobile phone to the area on the India-Bangladesh border in East Jaintia.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the KSU is the first KSU to distribute the chess awards to encourage and motivate our fellow citizens, especially the students who are the hope of the future. .
The incident happened when Saurav was having dinner with his sons-in-law.
Shillong: Due to the presence of a Covid-19 case in the farm at 6 Mer, which falls under the village of 5mer, there is a need to search for the people who have the disease. Hills District, on 3rd March 2020, has issued an order to close down the Administrative Unit, Bull Farm Unit, Central Semen Bank Unit, Artificial Training Center and Pig Farm Unit, located in the office of the Assistant Director of the Hills District. ICDP Farm.
Earlier, the Expert Committee had said that about 6.3 million tonnes of coal have been mined at a total cost of T.3078 crore and the revenue to the government will be T.400 crore.
At a meeting in Vrindawan, Uttar Pradesh, in connection with the honor of Lord Krishna, it was decided to distribute food to the poor and homeless school children. “We cannot pay for the benefits we have received from cow's milk and therefore the cow is the most important animal in society and the culture of India".
He also urged the youth of the area that if they want to be famous like Messi, Ronaldo they should work hard and avoid charity and alcohol which spoil their lives.
The Chief Minister did not take action.
Unless the central government investigation teams arrest him, the people of Sandeshkhali will not get justice,” Adhikari said.
At least 50 people have been killed and 700 others injured in a massive explosion in a warehouse, which contains a lot of equipment in the warehouse. vehicles, household appliances and other houses that have been destroyed.
A story she wants to tell us, from which we will benefit greatly.
The goal of all of us is to escape from the 'liewlep, not to fall further.
“Stop renting houses and shops to foreigners, don't want the present benefits, but look at the heritage and the future of the nation,” said Teilinia.
Therefore, the promotion of money laundering or online or offline gambling through advertisements should be avoided for good.
The first capital of this kingdom was Nongkseh and this festival is held here every year along with the lehniam at the Iewduh duwan in the center of Shillong.
But repentance in hell is easy.
Shillong: The Acting Syiem of Sohra Hima today took over the throne of the Hima after the suspended Syiem, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, handed over the keys to the office of the Hima.
Bn is the day of Khasi.
Love is great: love that comes from the shadow of 'me' is sweet.
Many household workers from all over the North East, including Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, HM Shangpliang, Director of Information and Public Relations, The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Women's Commission, Theilin Phanbuh, Provincial, Silchar Province, Rev. Fr.
The Vice President of the union, Bah Bawan Nongsiej, said that it is now up to the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action as the union has already lodged a complaint with the police.
After the remarks of MR in the dorbar, which was held on the 10th of this month, MEPA has held an emergency meeting to discuss the remarks of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to the media.
The election of Waheh Shnong in this village has been suspended since 2019 after the expiry of the term of former Waheh Shnong Kliarbha Sana.
He said this government does not need to go to Delhi to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill, but it is enough that it has implemented the ILP to protect the people.
However, the sad thing is that from time to time there are orders to remove plastic, but they cannot stop and this has destroyed the trust of the buyers and confused, even the sellers because of the The seller doesn't give plastic. This shows the fraud and lack of trust from the customers.
These same people have accused Kliarbha Sana and Skhemtriang Pohti.
They also called on those who agree to work together to stop the attempt to impose martial law in Garo Hills, said a statement from Brimbal M Sangma President of the FAF. Nongstoin, Naiwieng 15: Police have received information through intelligence agencies that several people who are also members of the GNLA have been arrested. On Tuesday last month, a member of the group was caught in the shrip of the residents of Shallang. The suspect was identified as John N Sangma of Nongchram, Shallang WKHD. The suspect was arrested by the residents of Riangdim village. After being arrested, he was handed over to the Shallang PS for further investigation.
The KSU has three village units including Pynthorsale, Mukhailong, Mutong, Cham Cham and Lumshyrmit.
Arunachal Pradesh will face Mizoram in Group 2 at 11 am, followed by Sikkim against Manipur in Group 1 at 3 pm. :30 pm.
Shillong, June 29: U Sohra MLA Bah Titosstarwell Chyne has opposed the decision to ban the mining of coal as it affects the poor people who earn their living from the coal mining.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills has issued a statement for those residents of East Jaintia Hills who wish to register their Aadhaar Card.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Photjaud Rangthong Unit on Saturday donated household items to a family in Photjaud-Rangthong village, South West Khasi Hills District.
The celebration continued with music and songs and there was also a special dance, which ensured to make the whole evening enjoyable.
“remember it’s just a dream” help explain the more educated daughter.
Anyone who is not a resident of Darrang Village is not allowed to enter the village without informing the Rangbah/Secretary.
The Joint Secretary of KJDSTA said that at least 1000 teachers are expected to attend.
The JNC through its General Secretary Winchester Pala, has expressed its deep sorrow over the government's negligence and disregard for the grievances of the people and traders who have taken to the streets to protest against the import of coal from Assam.
However, when asked whether it is true that the UDP will leave KHUDA, Bah Pynshngain said, “How can the UDP leave when Bah Teinwel Dkhar is here now?” and he shall be with thee.
Nongpoh: After it was found that some people working at Mawsyntai District Jail, have been infected with COVID-19, it has been learned that many people have been in contact with these people. The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the District Jail has been placed in the Containment Zone. to be held from the 1st to the 10th of this month.
After a while, the Bishop of the Diocese of Nongstoin, Rt.
The district authorities of West Garo Hills have been on alert since yesterday after receiving reports that two people have been infected with Japanese Encephalitis (JE).
West Jaintia Hills Police on receiving a tip that the drug trafficker has fled to Assam, the Special Cell Police have rushed to the state to arrest the drug trafficker.
When inquired, he said that the demand of AMSSASTA from the Government was to release the five month salary and the six month arrear.
I am very happy to see that this road has been completed.
the end cannot happen.
Shillong: Laitumkhrah Police have arrested Benjamin Syiemlieh, 34, of Mawpat village, last night, for writing indecently and insulting the dignity of an MDC. Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong is on Facebook.
Appreciating the services of the hospital, the CM said that the acquisition of the new MRI facility is a big step forward in providing better services to the hospital. to also keep the victims from having to travel elsewhere.
After Leicester City were relegated from the Premier League, Arsenal, Manchester United and Roma have been linked with signing Tielemans.
There were a total of 42 witnesses who testified with evidence in the case.
The elders invited Bah Sokon and Bhalang to sit in the room where the leaders and the speaker were sitting.
The Dkhar and the Lynkien cannot take part.
Hasan was also alleged to have paid only T.2500 per job card instead of T.4732 per job card and allegedly misused the money amounting to T.7,41,024 tyngka.
Nongkasen, Nailar 17: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) Mawthadraishan, Bah Damien Lyngdoh Marshiangbai, on Tuesday joined the UDP Mawthadraishan.
