The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, in a statement sent to the media, said that the Officer-in-Charge of Sohra Police Station, Bah SLhuid and the police. They immediately went to investigate the scene of the shooting of Bah Khongshei.
They left Mawiong and were heading to Mawlai Mawtawar via the Mawlai Bypass.
The JAC has demanded that the police should immediately arrest those involved in the murder of Bah Dismarlin and said that the JAC will meet on Tuesday to set a date. , for a rally in Mawlai, to strongly oppose the killing of Bah Lyngkhoi.
The PFR has opened admission for boys and girls aged 4 to 18 years from Ri Bhoi District only.
However, who can arrest and punish those people who are clean when even the police themselves are clean like those dogs who pass through the dog squad.
Former MLA of Umroi constituency, Bah George B.Lyngdoh who leads the TMC, said that the State Government should implement the Roster System from now on and should not look back on what has happened since year 1972.
He said that many young people have started to understand and appreciate this industry and fishing as a way of employment that stands on their own feet, but increasingly they are looking for their fellow citizens. They are starting to disappear slowly, as a group is looking for the reason according to the findings whether it is the knieh jar jar or the lack of law enforcement authorities is a golden opportunity. He added that the destruction of the mynder is like a bsein when the food starts from the head and the tails fall off every day.
They said that if the electricity supply is sufficient, there will be no one who will not pay the electricity bill.
A police chief said that the incident did not happen due to the explosion of the tyndong shet jingshet as the person inside the shop did not leave.
African proverb.
Teach the good, oh when it will be difficult, but you will see these things, now now they will follow, see now, tomorrow they will follow.
Vision We believe that empowerment will lead to a more informed and engaged population in economic development.
By being clean, you can enjoy a healthy body and a healthy mind that can make you happy.
In total, there are nine states and small states, where civil society organizations employ 75 percent of the population during the curfew.
“The new OM does not specify the date of implementation and does not specify that it will come into force from 10th June 2022 as promised before the political parties at the two meetings with the government.
“As it is now, the government's commitment to create opportunities to promote tourism for the residents to increase their income is only from the “It's for the benefit of those who have connections with government officials, while the residents who don't know anything are suffering,” he said.
All these things are on the part of men.
Meghalaya has been developed without thinking.
Even in class Bahnah used to talk about you..." Deisy said. Deisy wanted to kill her brother but she laughed as if she was hiding something.
When we turn to the news or television, we often don't hear those encouraging voices or those that talk about peace or the welfare of society, but we hear only acts of violence, violence and wickedness.
“There were about 350 others who were stranded on the road and were released after the road was cleared,” said Lt Col Mahendra Rawat.
The smuggling trade passes throughout Jaintia Hills from Khanduli and Ri Bhoi and has been extended to the India-Bangladesh border in War Jaintia and East Jaintia.
Speakers on the occasion were Samla Erick Nongkynrih President KSU Nongthymmai Circle, Samla Rapbor Nongrum Publicity Secretary Samla Rapbor Nongrum Publicity Secretary Samla Sadon Blah General Secretary HNYF Samla Lambokstar Marngar President Samla B jyrwa Chairman KSU CEC. The meeting was conducted by KSU Nongthymai Circle.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Don said that KHNAM is a small paid group which has taken over the post. Blei) the MLA himself has been appointed as the Prime Minister.
Indeed, the Riewlum were very angry and respectful, because they thought they were talking and showing to the righteous.
Upon arrival at the hospital, she was tested positive for COVID-1
In the past, the festival has hosted prominent artists like Joss Stone, Al Di Meola, Randy Brecker, Candy Dulfer, Incognito, The Manhatten Transfer, Omar Hakim, Stanley Jordan, Gypsy Kings, Lenny White, Victor Bailey, Billy Cobham and Roy Hargrove (just to name a few) and this year 4th Element will be one of the bands performing at this festival apart from the main acts like Maceo Parker(backing band of James Brown), Christian Scott, Dat Brass, Malina Moye, Jamal Thomas, Sean Kutti, Jo Mersa Marley(Bob Marley's grandson), Bob Geldof and others.4th Element has come a long way and this is not their first international appearance.
(L) Donkupar Dkhar President Sengkhasi Kmie Mawkhar to arrive safely at the Dwar of God and to bless all the children of Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij from various departments of the Sengkhasi. to his family, concluded the statement.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: Thirteen civil society groups from Jaintia Hills today decided to meet the Home Minister and lodge a complaint with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) regarding the shooting of water and lighting. Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College have been stabbed and bombed.
This order was issued as part of the prevention of further damage to the road and for the safety of the residents.
Anthony Fancy, 52, went straight to the bedroom where Sarah Ford-Fancy was and threw himself into the bed.
Rev. JJM Nichols Roy helped found the Church of God or Trumpet Church in 1902, while Rev. Mon Lyngdoh founded the Church of the Lord of Christ in
This means that man must put the Kingdom of God first, and riches later.
Leaders of HYC, WKSU Nongstoin Circle and WYF Sengkmie were also present at the meeting. They urged that such incidents should not happen in the future. DSC, WKH, because only the corruption of the DSC department has caused a lack of applicants which has also affected many churches.
The union has expressed its deep regret over the slowness of the Vozrozhdenie company to construct the bridge in the area where the subway has collapsed.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will bid farewell to the employees of MCCL through the Golden Handshake or Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS). all the employees with a special scheme to close down the factory, after the government has exhausted the measures to revive it, from the high cost.
Regarding the expert committee on recruitment, he said the VPP will send a reminder to the government on the expert committee, as the party has appointed for six months and now four months have passed.
New Delhi: Atiq Ahmed, one of Uttar Pradesh's most successful robbers, who has 100 murders in connection with his brother Ashraf Ahmed, has been shot dead this evening. , while undergoing medical examination and accompanied by police, in Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh.
Congress leaders on 10th July welcomed the grandson of former Minister Clement Marak, Reynold Marak, who has joined the party.
To create a forum of students including teachers.
He said he will not lodge a complaint with the police but will investigate until he finds those involved.
However, it is up to the government how it runs.
He said the case is not between a private individual against the Government but between the teachers of Meghalaya against the announcement of the Government.
Shillong: The KSU Jowai Circle today in the presence of Samla Ohibait Dkhar, President Samla SS Niangti and Samla Morningstar Pasi, Member of the KSU Jowai Circle, today held a meeting with the KSU Khliehriat Circle. They visited the office of the Khliehriat Town Committee at Khliehriat West.
The purpose of this scheme is to protect poor women from the diseases that can be caused by smoke when cooking by using smoke-producing materials such as rnga, wood and so on. .
In addition, this committee will oversee the treatment of water at the Water Treatment Plant in accordance with the CPHEO Manual.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has elected Dr WR Kharlukhi from the NPP to contest the Rajya Sabha MP election on the 26th of this month. “In my personal opinion, whether you are an MDA or Congress candidate, you are a Khasi.
“In 2012 onwards, most of the contract teachers who are not in employment are qualified and according to the NCTE rules, teachers must pass 45%. teachers who have passed the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
Brazilian police on Friday raided the residence of former President Jair Bolsonaro's son on suspicion of involvement in money laundering. .
Jesus did not come to serve and suffer only for the Jews, but his ministry went beyond the walls of the Jewish nation and he served, lived and died for the Samaritans, the tax collectors, widows, lepers, and the public.
The union also wants to express its surprise that there are vacancies in some government offices but when the leaders go to meet the relevant authorities they are secretly threatened. They don't have the right to appoint those who have passed the DSC.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The Sengkhihlang wishes all the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber who live and work across the country a happy Behdeinkhlam. on 19/07/2022 and ends on 22/07/2022 at the Syiem Aitnar of Seiñ Raij Tuber.
However, the path taken by the Government of Meghalaya is different and more difficult.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong U-13 team defeated GTC 2013 in the U-13 Youth League Group A match at Mawlai Stadium, Shillong.
He said that there are many issues, which have been decided without consultation with them and these MDCs, they are sorry that this has affected their reputation in front of the people of many churches and from the For these reasons, they have decided to withdraw their support to the EC led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, from 30th June
In her speech, she said that the theme of the day was on the need for blood pressure and knowing the blood pressure by explaining the four parts of how to know the blood pressure. check Blood Pressure, Pulse, Cholesterol and blood pressure.
We cannot say in advance but the IO is investigating the matter.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the union, Biolin Pyrthuh, said that the union, which stands for the land dealers, is happy after winning the case against the state government on the sale law. They demanded that the state government should implement the laws of the central government.
In the last two MLA elections in 2008 and 2013, the UDP faced difficulties after failing to win many MLAs in the Legislative Assembly under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy.
:KSU Namdong Area Unit led by Samla Kitboklang Lamare President, Samla Rimiki War Finance Secretary and several members on Tuesday sent a letter to the office of the DM&HO. West Jaintia Hills District Council on Wednesday.
Before the establishment of the District Council (1952), the Governor of the State had the power to pass or pass laws. Many people know that the ILP Act has been in force since 1873, so it is true that Article 19 (I-b) of Article 6 has been in force since 1952, it could not have given birth to the 1873 statute.
If we say such things, we make our children believe that they are foolish.
Why doesn't the government order the owner to do what is necessary, not to spend public money and harass the police and other government officials.
In Group A, the teams include Laitkor SC, Umpling SC, PFR Football Academy, Mawkriah West SC, Kick Start Academy and Lawei SC. In Group B, Mawlai SC, Asnohktilang SC, Lumparing SC, Kharang SC, Synroplang SC and Maw U-Tieng SC will play against Mawlai SC. Umpling SC will play against Mawkriah West SC at 2:30 pm and PFR Football Academy will play against Mawkriah West SC at 4:15 pm.
“I have sent the name of Bah Mawsoh to the Governor,” said Bah Nongrum.
“This second phase of the demarcation has also included three more important areas, namely Block-1 and Block-2 and Langpih,” he said.
These Rules are known as the Meghalaya Identification, Registration (Safety & Security) of Migrant Rules,
So far, in relation to the old order for 10 crore doses of Covishield, 8.744 crore doses have been delivered till
Police have arrested nine persons on charges of involvement in the robbery of this man in the village on the 2nd of November.
Because the rainy season is the season that causes many diseases such as headache, cold, fever, infectious diseases and infections in the body and blood.
“We are fortunate to have a fully qualified candidate as a legislator and we have no doubt that he will win from Sohiong,” said Bah Metbah in response to the party's confidence to win from this seat.
We understand, but often we cannot do or fulfill.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnoings of Ri Bhoi District, Bah BB Makdoh, said that as a union that provides services for the welfare of the villages and the people. In Ri Bho, there is a spirit of joy, which is on the basis that the Ri Bho Police have taken concrete action to fight against the drug trafficking.
The raid came after the authorities learned of the protests of women in the country who have failed to comply with the rules and regulations imposed on them. when it comes to the dress code of women as usual in Muslim societies.
This announcement was issued as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 in the villages and to protect the Umngot River and to prevent the illegal entry of people without proper information.
The Government has sent these 20 girls against the rules of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) in the state, as all these 20 girls are under the age of 12 years and the Lei Synshar Cultural Society has not sought any permission from the CWC before sending these children.
The Nongsning Church first started from Dongtonglein village which is the largest and most populous village in the Pohkhloo villages.
“We have received information about the presence of these militants near Patalgre village. Our team has gone to search the area. A GNLA member identified as Katrak D Shira has been killed,” said SP East Garo Hills Davis Marak.
“The AASU and KSU will work together under the banner of NESO to urge for a resolution to this issue,” said AASU President Dipanka Kumar Nath and AASU General Secretary Lurinjyoti Gogoi. The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the brutal behavior of the Assam police in bombing and beating up civilians including women. Umsawli village in West Khasi Hills District.
In terms of commercial vehicles, Maruti Suzuki India reported a decline of 36.71 per cent in November to 96,478 units.
The Seinraij Jowai also wishes and prays for the smooth running and success of this Behdienkhlam to drive out and prevent the disease from entering the village and to enjoy peace and harmony for 10 years.
The next day, after work, he went back to Lanosha's house.
On the same day, after the training program for the students of these three schools, the Megha Shakti Drill was performed by the Women's SF-10 Commando Team. The purpose of the drill is to encourage the students who want to become police officers in their future.
“We will try to force them to support the candidate nominated by the UDP,” said Bah Dkhar.
JOWAI: “The Dolloi who are the heads of the elaka have an important role to play in preserving the customs and traditions of the district. of different districts in Jaintia Hills, which is rich in culture and tradition.
Former President of the Hamro Sikkim Party (HSP), Dr Bina Basnett, this month expressed her sorrow and grief after the body of a child was found in Pangthang village. which is located near the city of Gangtok.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor said that the commemoration of Teachers' Day in them is dedicated to Dr.S.Radhakrishnan, former President of India, as a teacher and photographer. your birthday is on the 5th of November.
Shillong: The Revolution – Defend the Country has strongly condemned the statement by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, who has described Meghalaya as Kashmir in connection with the violence against the Hindu people.
When the state was independent through the APHLC, it was united, but there was a struggle on the part of Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh until he formed the HSPDP. in the spirit of the people of Ri Khasi.
According to the CEM, at the last meeting, it was decided not to accept the introduction of the word unrepresented tribe and it was suggested to delete this word.
If private factories in Ri-Bhoi and Jaintia Hills can produce dewbilat, why has the Government factory, which has been in existence since 1955, disappeared?
He said the opposition parties have misled the people to protect them from the BJP's attempts to convert all Christians to Hinduism.
Regarding the peace and order, he said that the people living in the border villages should have more special protection and the wish of the people of the Sengbhalang and the MLA is that Langpih should be protected. The Minister promised to the people of Langpih area that the Police Outpost should be completed, as the existing Police Outpost is only a temporary building and the complete Police Outpost is urgently needed. He will meet with the Minister of Home Affairs of the State Government to say that Langpih needs to get a fully functional Police Out Post.
It is best if the thatched covering is about 5 feet from the ground.
The DCA Minister said that the three ADCs have been directed to submit their proposals for approval from the Governor and they should send them to the government and it will send them back to the Governor.
At the same time, the Minister urged all the residents to maintain peace and order in the state and especially in Shillong.
Khliehriat, June 7: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sonapyrdi Unit today held the Annual Sport Meet 2022 in which three schools in the village came to take part in this day. KSU Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar was the chief guest and Sonapyrdi Village Secretary Daiapherbha Lamare was the chief guest.
No home quarantine,that’s all.
The ADG also visited the Composite Hospital, Shillong to meet with the soldiers who have been treated at the hospital.
The fire destroyed hundreds of quintals of food storage facilities and wheat in the area.
This is the first amendment introduced by the Executive Member of the Taxation Department, Ma Wining Garland Sungoh.
Using the Mother App on their phones, ANMs can collect all the information about pregnant women including age, risk factors, due date, travel give the vaccine and also when they go for checkup as well as the accommodation and other information.
Shillong, Nailur 04: A food shop in the parking lot of the Municipal near SBI Shillong has lost food and beverages and dishes, when a policeman in uniform, went to rob. HITO members fired a stun grenade when they entered the shop.
Speaking about Bah Khongwir, he was born in 1934, when Khongwir took over as Symbud Myntri in the state government led by the late Prime Ministers, including Bah Darwin. Pugh and Mr. Brington Buhai Lyngdoh.
“Let us make agriculture an industry that attracts people to become profitable and great,” said Bah Ronie.
At the Holy Mass, Archbishop Victor urged the Christians of Pynthorumkhrah Parish to strengthen the faith they have received since the foundation of the Church in this Parish.
In such areas, there may be an opportunity for another central location as a management authority to reduce the impact of the monsoon, the union said.
James also informed the union that the government will soon invite companies to start the construction of the Shillong Medical College.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : The FKJGP Mawprem Circle has strongly opposed the government to bring metor drivers to the TB Hospital, Upper Mawprem. There are many mynder than the villagers and the government is trying and intends to bring more and more of these metor drivers. There are no people who have had many problems with the Khasi people.
Rephica Becky Pde is one of the most talented runners in India and through this victory she has brought glory to the state as a whole.
In the evening, a procession was held around the city of Jowai carrying dongmusa as a sign to show to the world the spiritual light that the Church has inherited from the Unitarian teachings.
Every nation that lives in this world lives, grows and prospers because its language survives and passes from one generation to another, thus a nation that knows and develops Those who use their language properly, not only survive but become a great country.
On the Government's decision to build the New Shillong Township, Chauhan said this will be done in two phases.
The toll free helpline number will start operating from 15th November, 2021 and is 1800-890-1191, said a statement from DC East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, IAS.Shillong: Congress MLAs, after the end of the dorbar synrai, today rushed to Malki Square to support the strike of teachers under the banner of Meghalaya Sirva Shiksha Abhiyan. School Association (MSSASA) to support the demand of these teachers.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Voice of the People (VPP) has expressed its deep sorrow over the long-standing dispute between the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (NEHU) and the Vice Chancellor of NEHU (VPP). Vice Chancellor to implement the National Education Policy 2020 from this academic session.
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Tuesday said that since 21st June, there has been a disruption in the supply of electricity due to the collision of a truck belonging to M/s Shyam Century. They went to tynrah and rat the electricity supply lines.
According to Bah Jophas, Bah Teiborlang Thangkiew was elected Rangbah Shnong in 2014 and is also the 4th Rangbah Shnong of the village.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it has opened the second window transfer market for players in the First Division of this season.
It is a fact that government schools cannot express political bias.
On Saturday, 46 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 67 have recovered and no one has died.
Shoppers should wear masks and stay at least 2 meters away from each other.
Ronald Peel Kharshiing, son of Roy Wahlang and Elizabeth Kharshiing, residents of Mawkohmon, Mawphlang, has completed his Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.
Even after I saw on facebook that the distribution of rice has been completed, I called again to confirm, but the same they said that they have not received it.
Ft, and cost T.35, 29, 039 tyngka (Thirty-five lakh two hundred and nine thousand forty-nine tyngka) which has fallen to T.300 tyngka per Sq.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has slammed the Congress ministers who have refused to resign from their posts when they opposed the leadership of Mukul Sangma.
It is for this reason that the police in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs have arrested the youths who are trying to smuggle drugs in the village.
The Supreme Court said that such orders issued under Section 144 CrPC by the DC's office are inappropriate.
On the right and about 36 feet from the left end of the bridge there are stones lying at an angle of 76 degrees and about 10 feet around. The ripples marked rocks show that this area of ​​the road has been hit by the Ñiamra forces from within.
He also suggested trying to have conflict in the groups you formed.
Speaking on the occasion, the members of the executive committee of the village expressed their happiness that they have received this rangbah to contest the MDC election, as he is a person who is always ready to help the people from the village. He is also the General Secretary of the NPP Umroi Constituency, the Chairman of the Bhoirymbong C&RD Block. (Khasi hon).
One of the most important issues that touched the heart of Prof. Kma was the backwardness of the rural areas, which is still at the same level as 20 years ago and the poverty situation in Bihar. the most backward in India.
Shillong, June 13: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will hold its meetings on the Employment Policy and Roster System on the 17th of this month at Madan Heh Mawlai from 2 pm.
The meeting also renewed the office bearers for the term 2022-2
In conclusion, Samla Morningstar Khongthaw urged the Government to turn its attention to this village in creating assistance through various schemes for the development of tourism. (Tourism) in this village.
It is learned that the youths have gathered in front of the Secretariat of Assam, where there has been a clash with the police. He was blocked at the airport in Guwahati, as the violence continued and intensified on the way to Guwahati.
“Those who sell tit don't know and sell only what is good for food.
He said most of the time government officials and the government refuse to provide information when people ask for information.
Shillong: Although the market vendors in Iewduh, have been able to sell their produce after six months of curfew in East Khasi Hills District, the State Government has imposed a curfew. After the second outbreak of Covid-19, the number of people who came to buy and sell was very low and this has caused the vendors to throw away their goods. theirs when evening comes.
The aim should be to bring all the groups and those involved in these activities together in one place," the Children's Minister said.
None have been found yet.
Khliehriat, July 26: The management of Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem) has apologized for the insulting speech of its employees during a clash between the public and the police in The public hearing is scheduled to be held on the 24th of this month at Thangskai Village, East Jaintia Hills.
If you visit Bali, one of the islands in Indonesia that attracts tourists, you will find that one of the most popular attractions for tourists is the shet jingshet.
Uruguay scored the first goal in the 42nd minute when Matias Viña easily snatched the ball from Nahuel Molina into the box. Ronald Araujo didn't miss the opportunity.
LArket beat Mookhain 2-1 in the first leg.
These 300 people include retired people and people with disabilities and from low-income families.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District (KSU) under the leadership of its President John Fisher Nongsiang has strongly opposed the plan of the state government to auction 56 substations to the state government. the BECIL company is headquartered in Noida.
Rangdajied United FC, the champions of the Meghalaya State League, today started their journey in the 3rd Division I-League with a victory over the 3rd Division I-League FC. Millat Football Club beat Millat Football Club by five goals in a match played at Dempo Academy.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills has announced the release of Khaw u under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of July 2021 to all households under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) until November 30th.
The CAG report said Hardeodas Jagannath said he sold cigarettes of Rs 354.22 crore from June 2013 to November 2015 and did not give proper accounts after November
Think about the strongest countries.
Meanwhile, Bah L Michael Kharsyntiew, who is applying for the BJP ticket from 17 North Shillong Constituency, congratulated all the residents, supporters, BJP office bearers from the state and members of the BJP National.
He said that now the gap between the poor and the rich has increased, because the poor is getting poorer and the rich is getting richer.
There are 32 cases from Nagaon, 13 cases from Darrang, 10 cases from Barpeta and 3 cases from Karimganj.
To reduce the number of children, there is a need for cooperation between husband and wife, to take advantage of the educational resources provided by the government through the health system.
Police said the delay in receiving reports from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) has led to the arrested persons being denied bail, and most of those arrested on bail return to the drug trade.
The Times of India, on 13.08.22, reported that the Hindu Rashtra Party has decided to demand that the Capital of India should no longer exist. in Delhi, but to move to Varanasi, UP, I don't know what it means.
The manufacturers of the vaccines will send the vaccines to the government laboratories from July 1 before receiving permission for export.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U Ferdinand Skhemiew, Organizing Secretary of KSU Mawlai, has been arrested by the police on charges of throwing stones at the vehicle of the Magistrate. Mawiongrim at 11:30 pm.
Aryan (1/25) took one wicket and Meghalaya will now look to beat Puducherry tomorrow to win.
“Our meeting today is to invite the Syiem of Jirang, the leaders and elders of the Hima Jirang, Hima Sohiong, the elders of the Nongwah-Mawtamur Hima, the leaders of those villages. “They will take a decision,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
We must not forget that according to the Sixth Schedule, foreigners and non-tribals can also vote and contest for MDC elections. Therefore, if the number of foreigners continues to increase in our state without ILP, it will surely continue to increase and one day, even in KHADC and JHADC, non-tribals will become MDCs, EMs or even CEM and at such time, the District Councils will lose their character and identity.
He said that under this mission, the Government will set up rehabilitation, counseling, and public awareness on the dangers and dangers of drug use.
Inside the handbag were an ATM card, money, a bottle of water and an Economics book.
He is also a talented musician.
He said that the use of small trains will boost the income of the residents as well as the development of the North East.
There was also a statement from the Chief Minister, that the government shares the views of the CoMSO, regarding the introduction of the ILP in the MRSSA. He said that he has asked for a written statement on this, but as the Prime Minister is not in the state, he will not be able to do so, but he promised to meet with the CoMSO leaders after his return.
(KABIL) to access mineral resources in countries such as Chile and Argentina.
“According to the prima facie report, this incident may have happened due to the loss of the crane used to climb and descend to this place, but the report that entirely has not yet reached me.
Officials of the party leadership group suggested that the protest should have been intensified till a decision on the demand is given, Sahni said.
The church has not yet received a sufficient foundation for the road construction company to build it, to prevent the landslide which is a threat to the people at any time. twa and bring about tragic events.
The President said that 2015 is a year of hope.
A teacher is a committed man, committed to faith in future of man, in the future of humanity in the future of this country and the world.
The People's Science Institute (PSI) Deradun, in collaboration with the Government of Nagaland, through the Department of Land Resources, recently conducted the same training in the state. Nagaland is one of the states affected by the shortage of drinking water.
and they went into the holy city.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body has strongly condemned the arrest of Daniel Khyriem President of the KSU while he was accompanying members of the KSU to the police station. The allegation against the Prime Minister, the IAS & the Seng Bhalang leaders has promised in front of the Ministers, IAS & Seng Bhalang leaders that the government will reject all the allegations and sanctions against him. during the ILP protest by the indigenous people of the State.
It is learned that at the time of the incident, the child was allowing other people to stand in front of him and to take pictures, but at that time he fell into the river without being able to take pictures. I don't have any more to cleanse myself.
Until now, no Khasi has been appointed Captain in the Indian Navy.
On the other hand, the Advocate-General, who is the Chief Minister of the state government, said that the government is still considering the request of the Harijan Panchayat Committee for additional space.
In a statement, NPP leader James Sangma said the party is surprised by the MPSC's announcement to invite non-Indian citizens to apply for jobs. .
The Executive Committee (EC) had planned to amend the rules of the Act last year to allow the Ministers of Mylliem Hima to contest elections. Shillong West Minister Mohindro Rapsang has resigned from his post.
He said that if it weren't for the outbreak of COVID-19, these roads would have been completed.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Charles said that as a candidate he has prepared well and through the support of the people, he hopes to return as MLA of Nongthymmai constituency.
God blessed them to multiply and to subdue the earth over the seas and all the dry land Gen.1:28, “And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living creature that moveth upon the earth.
“The city has become too crowded and many people these days are forced to go to the countryside whether with friends or family and if possible to set up swimming pools and playgrounds. “The children will attract a lot of tourists from the state and abroad,” he added.
We hope that this will not be the case because even if we have not experienced it, we have seen what has happened to others.
“This landslide in this area has affected the flow of the river in the upper parts of the river and we hope that after this inspection the district authorities will repair and protect the Myntdu River,” he said. the leader of the Holy River.
The Women Police Nongstoiñ, after receiving the complaint, have registered a case under Section 40(04)2019 u/s 354/511/376IPC and are conducting investigation. The police are still investigating the incident.
Other supporters from other parties including the Congress, UDP and MCPC, said that they joined the NPP because they trust the NPP and saw that it is a party that does not There is no difference between the leaders of the Party.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent a letter to the village of Nongspung-A and ordered some shopkeepers in the village to Today, the owners of these shops together with the The residents of the village held a public meeting inside the village.
Author: Education Scheme.
He said that the storm which lasted for an hour along with the rain which lasted for four hours has caused damage and loss to seven households in this village including the crops cultivated by the farmers especially the farmers. rider.
Members of the Congress in the presence of MPCC President DD Lapang have gathered at Dhankheti parking lot today to strongly condemn the NDA government led by the Prime Minister. The BJYM has gone to support the Prime Minister by putting up flags and posters around Shillong like Motphran, Khyndai and other public places.
He said that in 2023, the department has implemented the Early Child Development Mission (ECDM) to work with parents to improve the welfare of children from 0 to 8 years.
“The power outage has affected especially those who are suffering from illnesses,” he said.
The Yoga Day was attended by NSS of College led by M Passah, NCC of College led by D Suchiang, Battalion of 42 Meghalaya Bn NCC Shillong and NSS of Kiang Nangbah Higher Secondary School led by Dr. You're Gifted.
The CSWO also said that the felling of trees can only be authorized by qualified officers and not by those below the rank of Forest Ranger.
This award is a pride not only for the State but for the country as a whole as it has received recognition from other countries in Asia.
Regarding the shortage of staff in the police department, Bah Tynsong said that recently they held a meeting under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and decided to fill the posts. shortages in SP offices, police stations including women and police outposts in all parts of the state.
KHNAM also wants to remind the Khasi people, which is one of the most pious people.
Shillong: The Nazareth Hospital Workers Union (NAWU) held a meeting on 15/12/2018 with the participation of members of the Thma U Rangli-Juki (TUR) group. new office bearers were elected for the 2018-2021 term.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Two Muster Roll workers of PWD Sohiong Sub-Division have been dismissed from their posts. HDR Lyngdoh, MLA of Sohiong, said that the meeting was held at the Ministry of Transport.
Regarding the work, it was reported that the call deposit was 3,30,000 tyngka, but the former Rangbah Shnong of the village had withdrawn 3 lakh tyngka and the remaining amount is only 30,0 amount.
Through this meeting, it is hoped that the participants will convey the message on the need to take responsibility for the healthy care of their children, whether it is in terms of food and drink and other areas. in their own homes and within their communities.
It is learned that during the raid, several suspects escaped.
That means that the Ud longtheng accepts the sacrifice and that he will continue to pray.
The meeting will also discuss the failure of the 14th Finance Commission to introduce the allocation of funds to the ADCs this year.
Meghalaya, which tied first after Bihar won the toss, lost all wickets for 90 runs and Bihar scored 210 runs for the loss of four wickets. fine.
You must be righteous in all these things.
Before concluding, let us ask all the young men and women of the land of Hynniew Trep what will happen if the fields or fields are handed over to the sons but the jait ka kynja will bteng beit from the bei or from the mother?.
He said that the Forest Department has conducted this training to protect the environment. at sea and so on.
With this victory, this young woman has expressed her indescribable joy.
The match tomorrow 01.11.2023 will be between Mookyndur and Demthring at 12 noon.
The murder of Phershanroy Myrthong from Wahkaji in Golklinks shows the ongoing investigation to arrest those involved in such an unjust act of taking a human life.
Nongpoh MLA Maralborn Syiem has suggested to the Government to implement the Broadcasting Code of Ethics (BCE) as issued by the Central Government from 2021 to prevent the spread of false and misleading information. the public through the media including social media platforms such as YouTubers produced by individuals or groups.
Amit Nerves.
However, on the part of the Culture Department, he said that it will fight as much as possible to preserve especially the buildings which have lasted a long time and which stand for the sake of the people.
Here I begin to say that the Jirang people are Manar from Jaintia.
The village police immediately searched for him and arrested him and handed him over to the police.
However, even if we look at all, there are still many who are lagging behind, and therefore it is forbidden to bring about equality and participation for those who are lagging behind.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Lapang has sent a letter saying that he can no longer join the Congress after the old members who dedicated themselves to the party, have been insulted and no one counts them these days.
“It is sometimes sad that every time the government takes action they try to find out the problems and criticisms, I don't think the Khadar rule will go like this, they should I don't want to criticize the government because I don't want to criticize”.
They began entering Mizoram in November 2022 due to clashes by Bangladesh troops against the Kuki-Chin National Army (KNA), one of the armed groups fighting for the demand to send phia state.
Umiam: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today said that the Council has already passed a law to recognize youth and women's organizations under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong.
Four Congress MLAs today met the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and submitted a letter of full support to the NPP-led MDA government in the state.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 2: Rambrai is a well-known village which is close to Nongstoin which is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. , Rambrai, Lawdibah, Umsiej, Nongkroh, Umjaut and other villages.
Marak said the arrested persons have been brought to Shillong for further investigation.
He was a state football player from 1998 to
Earlier, when announcing the opening of the university, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the university will operate from the ground for a while while the construction of the university is not completed. they shall not build.
“My credit card has been lost for more than two months and I went to the police station today,” said Harsha Geonka.
He could not fight alone but five other friends came to help him until he got out.
Shortly after, it was learned that the truck, which was carrying these NHAI vehicles, was stopped near the Toll Gate Pahammawlein.
The Journalists Association of West Khasi Hills (JAWKH) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of this member and fellow journalist from the district. of the District and the State as a whole.
The people of Sohra live from the trade from Sohra Market, MCCL, quarrying, coal mining and others, not from tourism, he said.
The incident happened after the student went to write his Class IX examination on Tuesday.
Regarding the examination fees, it was learned that the board issues an announcement from time to time to fill up the examination forms in the months of the end of the examination selection.
In the last two matches, Saiden beat Goa 2-0 and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) 4-0
According to the videos received by the reporter from the residents of Lapangap village, the Khasi-Pnars retaliated by shooting the Karbi with bird's nest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lyngdoh said that this person has released videos, which insult the residents of the state. , the same person, has released another video, which insults the people and also the leaders of the state.
However, it is understood that the four MDCs who have not resigned from the Congress may be replaced by Bah Pynshngain tomorrow.
According to Kong Mukhim, many women who should have gone to school, classes but have turned away from the path of marriage and this should be avoided.
Shillong: A meeting was held at the Secretariat today to discuss the resettlement of Harijans living in Mawlong Market between the government and the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
It may be recalled that the SDO (Civil) of Pynursla, in the past few days, has warned the pedestrians to be vigilant on the road from Shillong. to Pynursla, especially in the evening.
UDP Youth Wing President Titosstar Well Chyne said the party strongly opposes the police arrest and search for Seng Bhalang leaders.
Speaking as the chief guest after inspecting and experiencing the freshness and taste of strawberry fruit from a strawberry farm, Vijay Kumar D expressed his delight to take part in this festival to promote strawberry farm. Strawberry and to improve the income of the farmers in Meghalaya and in Sohliya village which is also the intention of the state government to continue such a festival from one year to another. to another to develop the farmers in the state.
It is learned that the vehicle in front was hit by a rocket, while the vehicles following behind were hit by a heavy bullet.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 17: The sudden rainfall in the past few days has caused a loss of crops to the farmers of Mawkyrwat area. All the hard work of the farmers has been in vain and the loss of rice farmers has been thousands of quintals.
It is the same in any work.
In a statement, MPCC General Secretary John F Kharshiing said that the office bearers from West Jaintia Hills District have informed about the political situation in JHADC and JHADC. The MPCC has been informed of this matter and sent to discuss the situation within the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
During the meeting with the BSF troops as well as with the family members of the victim, they also learned the position of both the groups regarding the incident.
“We thought that the KHADC would take over the forest, it would be a blessing to provide our water wells, but it has destroyed and destroyed the water wells,” said Bah Turban. talk to the reporters.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, said that it is urgent to strengthen the education of children who are just starting to go to school and that is why the government has changed the all the teachers' management, because as it is now, the government wants to appoint teachers who have received proper training, to be the teachers to teach the children.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 23: The newly appointed Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, has rejected the plastic playground request in the Assembly. or artificial turf for the youth of West Khasi Hills.
The Chief Minister said that the Cabinet meeting also discussed and approved the names of the winners of the Meghalaya Day Award — which will include the Tirot Sing Award for the Pa Togan N Sangma Award for Social Services and the Kiang Nangbah Award for Sports and Games.
“After the government took over the posts of teachers in Assam, there are now only about 10 percent non-government schools run by private individuals,” said Bah Nongsiang.
HPF General Secretary Clever Jana said that so far more than 2000 children in the border villages have lost their food allowance.
After that, Bah Rudi went to Delhi and from Delhi he went to the UN where he was in Cambodia. His job in Cambodia was to bring peace by holding elections because it was a civil war in which there was killing of Cambodians at that time.
Not everyone counts.
In the complaint, KHNAM said that eight or nine police and CRPF personnel had taken the youth to the Barapathor police station and beaten him mercilessly.
In another development, the residents of Wahkhen will come to Shillong tomorrow to welcome the Sordar on his release from jail with flowers.
He takes care that it is healthy and well grown so that it will be more productive during the harvest.
I don't know how to get a kids leader.
“While other countries of the world are still involved in religious protests, this country is not like that.
Shillong Lajong FC: Goalkeepers: Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, Neithovilie Calieu, Bishal LamaDefenders: Ronney Willson Kharbudon, Kynsailang Khongsit, Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri, Saveme Tariang, Daniel Goncalves, Kongbrilatpam Forwards: Kynsaibor Lhuid, Denzil Kharshandi, El Hadji Abdou Karim Samb, Douglas Rosa Tardin, Laiwang Bohham, Pursunep Longkumer.
“We have also strengthened the connectivity of airports in Meghalaya and installed hundreds of 4G towers in the indigenous villages of the state,” he said.
In the Under-17 Boys, Wapung Higher Secondary School beat Khliehriat Presbyterian Higher Secondary School 1-0
These trees were planted from the ground floor of the Cham Cham Dorbar Shnong office, Cham Cham Secondary School to the tourist attraction in Sahksaw and along the Myntdu River on Sunday.
If you ask for a reason, why don't you have a reason? However, if the electorate, who are also well versed in governance and the election of leaders, do not correct their minds, the future will be worse.
Shillong, Lber 18: Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today raised the issue of MeECL increasing the electricity bill in the House. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in my constituency,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Shillong: The state today commemorated the 73rd birth anniversary of former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and former Chief Minister, Purno Agitok Sangma.
Cheng and Sangma scored 3/47 points while Aryan Borah scored 1/1
A silence was held at the meeting and a speech was delivered by Candida Marweiñ General Secretary HYC Women Wing, who said that women are full of problems and anxiety.
He said that it is a great honor for him as a leader because of the love and wisdom of you the people of the constituency to win many times and now as a constituency which has reached the rank of Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the Government of Meghalaya. .
Although the Sengbhalang of the area has demanded the dismissal of the BDO, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Kynshi Area has expressed its strong opposition to the demand for the dismissal of the BDO. HNYF has appointed the BDO of Mawthadraishan.
When the KSU has been opposing from Guwahati only until recently and the reason is refugee and nongkhrong, I also agree.
However, when they arrived at the office, they could not find the BDO and the office was still locked.
Now is the age of wanting to know or get information in a few hours.
On October 9, a Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said in the order, “Because the complainant has expressed her desire to talk about the allocation of land. and that the matter is still under the jurisdiction of the Government, the hearing has been postponed to allow for a settlement.
This collection will include those who wish to donate, those who wish to get information about those who are sick in various hospitals in Shillong.
Since the government's target of reaching $10 billion in revenue by the end of 2028, as well as the strengthening of the police department to recruit another 3,000 jobs, the government's decision to hold peace talks with the rebels , the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Regarding the shortage of siej trees in Ri-Bhoi, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew has turned his attention to the production of siej trees after harvesting them to increase the production through After a meeting with the founders of the factory, the use of siej was used to produce again the sma iwbih which is also known as dhup or agarbati.
It was also with the cooperation of the family members that he was arrested.
The Committee on Environment has inspected the coke factory in Umpleng, Nongjri, Sookilo.
The union has received complaints from many people regarding the staff of the hospital and many shortcomings in the hospital. Hospital.
HM Marbaniang said that the government has issued another statement saying that the people of Saitsohpen are the invaders of their land. our Independence Day celebration on the 15th of July,” he said.
Urging the workers to persevere, he said, “We will pay our salaries from one month to another”.
The incident happened on Saturday at 1:30 pm, when the two men, after the collision with the Swift, sustained serious injuries and were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. Because of the severity of the injuries, these two men died and could not be treated.
Esron said that when the Association met with the officers of the Department of Agriculture to ask for clarification on the nature of the disease to ensure the safety of eating and selling meat, the Joint Director The department has clarified that the disease does not affect anyone if they eat meat.
These villages include Mynsngat, Namdong, Khanduli and others.
The Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij has reached its second day when the children of the raiot of the raij came to collect the trees from the forest on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The market of the clothes vendors who have been evacuated from Motphran Bridge has not yet opened.
In order to restore peace in these areas, it was agreed to meet again on another day to discuss the ways and means to restore peace as in the past between these are the two nations.
U Bah Adelbert said that he did not go to the place to ask for his support because perhaps these people, when they give their support to him, will set rules for him to fulfill certain requirements. so many of their dreams.
Shillong, June 09: The Civil Society Welfare Organization (CSWO) led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing has strongly opposed the proposal of the Secretariat of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to make about 400 contract workers full time. Politicians have been shut down without taking any examination in the past years.
On the other hand, the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle through its president has given 15 days to the BDO office to provide assistance to these families as stipulated by the CM. If you don't do anything within 15 days, the party will take another route.
Jowai, Naitung 1: The Rangbah Shnong of Sankhat Village, the Secretary Shnong and two village members have been granted bail by the First Class Magistrate, Amla Rem Civil Sub-Division.
Shillong: H.Elias HSS beat Chandigarch 2-0 in the Suroto Cup Group E match in Delhi today.
Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg is a retired judge of the Madhya Pradesh High Court.
And this was encouraged by the fan crowd.
When asked about the income of the State amidst many challenges, Bery said he did not come here to judge, but to see how the NITI Aayog can be used to develop the State.
Sinha said that on the 9th of this month, he had written a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, demanding that the Chief Minister should allocate Rs 10 crore for the project. the park of the whole Kongthong.
When he had finished his work, he went home.
This has once again shocked the North Eastern Region of India and the whole of India due to the opposition to this Act.
Referring to the Solar Mission, the Minister on Monday said that the Government has already prepared all the necessary documents.
He said that Adam had sinned and had lost the beautiful clothes that God had given him.
The encouragement and encouragement of her mother, grandparents and teachers helped Rida to work harder.
On the other hand, Bah Brightstarwell did not disclose the names but said that some of them have expressed their desire to apply for tickets.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: Due to the negligence of the NHAI officials to build the drainage system, which has caused difficulties to the residents of Umskun area to travel due to the congestion and flooding of the road, the village leaders of The Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship on Saturday visited a place in the village which is prone to flooding during the rainy season.
Sniawbhalang Dhar, NPP candidate from Nartiang Constituency 1, said that the Congress is in the ICU and does not know when it will die.
Kyrshan Dkhar, General Secretary of AJCCTA, said that the meeting will discuss the issue of overcrowding of Weigbridges along the highway from Malidor to Byrnihat.
When asked by reporters, the Chief Secretary said that in fact it has been arranged tomorrow to resolve the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. The meeting was held between the two Chief Secretaries, but had to be canceled due to the curfew.
In the election, which was led by Bah PN Syiem, Speaker of the EC, those who opposed the EC received 15 votes, while those who supported received 14 votes. lost the confidence of the house and the EC, it collapsed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh said, “The change that means as a preparation for the coming of the Lord Jesus into this world on the 25th of November, which is better known as Christmas celebration.
The prize money for the winners of the solo song category is T.30,000/-, 15,000/- and T.10,000/-.
Other buses will be operated gradually.
Joycy has been able to quickly understand the working methods of the company and has been able to deliver goods faster to the homes of people in Guwahati.
“What shall we do if we don't accept, we will suffer and lose our pension?” He said that he came to the meeting because he doesn't have Aadhaar and jin. if he had he would never have come".
The mother and son also died while trying to escape from the door.
Speaking to media, Bah Vincent H Pala said that the departure of Dr DD Lapang from the Congress party may be due to his feelings on his part in the past. Vincent said that the pressure to bring back Dr DD Lapang to the Congress party has come from many churches including the party office bearers from Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, as well as from the Congress party. He is one of the longest serving servants of the Congress party and has strengthened the party in the Ribhoi area.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) who is also MLA from Mawkyrwat constituency, said that there is a concern in the MDA to get a person who has the character of a father like him. Dr. Donkupar who is also a Lamphang.
The purpose of this tournament is to encourage the youth of KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle to showcase their talents. also to free them from harmful substances such as drugs and others.
There were young as well as elderly participants up to 71 years of age.
DISEASES OF THE MOUTH AND THROAT:— Smoking or cigarettes immediately causes unpleasant smells in the mouth such as smell when ringing and breathing, tooth decay, swollen teeth and destroys the smell of the mouth and This leads to the development of infection inside the mouth.
“In the last 40 years, Mawsynram has been the poorest constituency in the state and this has affected me severely,” he said.
“Why doesn't the Government get information on this,” he said, adding that the increase in the smuggling of liquor has affected the income of the licensed liquor shopkeepers.
Requirements for becoming a Rympei Church: A Rympei Church must have the following: Conclusion: By faith, the couple begin the Rympei Church through the Sacrament of Marriage.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has renewed and confirmed the office bearers of the Khliehriat Circle at a meeting held at the JNC office in Khliehriat.
The most important of these is the police squirrel, known scientifically as Cantharis sp.
“The situation in the border villages is very bad.
As I said, the experts from IIT-Guwahati will study the condition of the land and the area and I will hold a meeting on the 17th of June to discuss and discuss this incident”.
The Minister of Agriculture and Livestock, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek has inaugurated a Bi Species Abattoir at Demthring village in West Jaintia Hills.
BJP leader Rajnath Singh has directed all party MPs to attend the Lok Sabha in the coming days when the bill will be introduced in Parliament.
He said that the demand that the government should pay the salaries of the farmers in the months of November and July, the government has made it clear that the rules of this scheme stipulate that the government will pay. months but the government will try to find solutions to this.
“Thank you very much, may God be with you as an organization so that you will be able to continue your work”, said Merity Shylla.
He visited the school and gave permission to build a house on the foundation of the house of Kong (L) Mukhim Rymbui and the bell to be tied before the school was donated by Ma Charles Mukhim. .
"I don't know how they are... I don't see them anymore and I don't meet them anymore since I don't shop anymore..." asked Kong Mer. Reader.
How can we take action to punish those involved if we don't know who is involved,” he said.
They were surprised that the time was no longer useful to them.
Key results:10m air pistol: Women:
“The Minister should resign if he cannot provide for the people,” he said.
The main question here is: “Which side are you on? “The election is a celebration of the election of MLAs by the people, to form a government that rules the people (Festival of Democracy).
Dr. Ampareen said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is looking into the proposal to collaborate with the well-performing universities in the State such as Ri-Bhoi District to build a Medical College.
This way of thinking has worked and longdoh longsnam to such an extent that it has reached the point where the people will be happy if their MLAs go to support the government and refrain from sitting in the opposition.
In the boys' category, West Garo Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 3-0 (25-23, 25-13 and 25-0). 15).
Bruno's tattoo was reportedly drawn on a shirt at A Sailor's Grave Tattoo Studio in Gorleston-on-Sea, Norfolk, London.
The woman was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong on 27th June 2021 and died on the same day.
“This puts us in darkness because we don't understand whether the ILP issue is a lie, or whether they are trying to make it an issue for electoral gain, whether Conrad or the BJP are speaking the truth. “Elect only the Conman and the Businessman, we will not get any more Stateman,” he added.
In West Jaintia Hills, on the same night but at 9 pm, Lapbah and Phria hit Padu and other neighboring villages.
Dr Mukul said that this problem belongs to one KSU but it should be understood that the state government has worked hard to think about the entry of foreigners by accepting the Resident and Safety Act and has prepared to build an entry and exit point.
Tomlin S Sangma from Land Records & Survey Department, George S Sawian from Fisheries Department and Thesus K Marak from Sports & Youth were also present on the occasion. Kordorlin Khongriah of Power Department, Ioana Jala Kharbhih of Forests & Environment Department, Pagarson R Marak of Gasuapara C&RD Block, Ritina Blah of DC office East Khasi Hills District, Janailin Lyngdoh of DC office Ri Bhoi District , Bloomingson Sanglyne of Information and Public Relations, Persarabasuk Marbaniang of Revenue & Disaster Management Department, Barnette Diengdoh of Secretariat Admn.(N) Department, Hari Nayak of Tourist Information Centre, Kolkata, Armstrong D Marak of Cabinet Affairs Department , Ailinda Mawlong from Secretariat Admin Department and Drostina Lyngdoh Nonglait from Personnel & AR Department.
Speaking to reporters after a visit to Moojem, the village which was attacked by the Karbi from Moothade in recent days, the General Secretary of the Seng said that while the leaders of the Seng and the Police When they reached Mookailum, the police did not allow them to go to Moojem, saying that they could not go to the area which Meghalaya claims to belong to Assam. They were authorized to visit the area which falls within the border of Assam.
U Kongsan Bah H.Mawlong in his speech on the occasion congratulated the Club for organizing such a tournament to promote the talents of the youth of the village. and the region as a whole.
This was stated by Bah Joplang Kharnaior, President of HYC Nongthliew Circle.
Beny Ksiar scored in the 11th minute and Kordor Marthong in the 66th minute while Nongsohphoh opened the scoring through Johnfranklin L Sangriang in the 6th minute.
They informed the EM that they know that Bidesh Dkhar is not a native of Shella and is not from the Khasi-Jaintia community, and his father is not from the Chyne clan. and he was not a Khasi, but he was a foreigner.
During this Puja, they will hold a cleansing ceremony at the Umkhrah River at Polo on the 14th and 15th and also on the 20th and 21st after the idol worship.
If the government is not enough, let us give our opinion to them too, I believe if it is, the government will also accept our opinion.
Atta will be sold at the price of 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at T.10.50/- per kilo.
Nongsiej said that during the inspection by the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi, it was learned that the company has not received a trading license, except for the NOC from the Rangbah Shnong of Mawthei and the Syiem Raid Mawbuh to set up the company in Mawthei and Khlieh Umtrew.
However, after 11 years, the signs are clear that this ground has now collapsed and during the heavy rainfall, the water has been flowing like a flood. and it does not take time for those specially constructed drainage systems to drain quickly.
The 16-year-old finished third in Race 2.
The prize money for the tournament was T.30,000 for the first place, T.20,000 for the second place and T.10,000 for the third place. In the open category for men and women, the prize money was T.50,000, T.35,000, T.25,000, T.15,000 and T.10,000 for the first to third places.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Seven robbers have been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police on charges of involvement in the murder of the Branch Manager of the Meghalaya Rural Bank at Iooksi village.
“So far, the Meghalaya government has released Rs 5.3 crore for the fight against the corona virus and Rs 2.2 crore for the fight against Cyclone Amphan in the state,” he said. state.
The Team completed its duties from 17/2/1958 to 23/2/1958 and it was decided and agreed by the Team on this finding by both sides to return.
“Education is very difficult these days so it needs modern education by having smart classes, auditoriums, grounds and others,” said Wailad.
About 80 people attended the meeting in the presence of Mange Ram (Director KVIC, Shillong), DCIC Ribhoi District officials, Bah Osborn Mawthoh (Functional). DCIC Manager, Grace Suiam (Extension Officer KVIB Ribhoi District), Palash Baruah (LDM State Bank of India, Ribhoi District), Doris Lyngdoh Nongbri (Branch Manager, SBI Bhoirymbong Branch), Jesting Muktieh (beneficiary Karbius Lyngdoh (PMEGP beneficiary) and Rikarlus Sujai, Member of Thadnongiaw Village Council.
The king said,"You dare to ask everything, how many months will you finish? You know, this field even for the elders will take 3 weeks.
After the speech of the Dolloi, the residents were allowed to express their support or opposition to the establishment of the new village and all the residents agreed to establish the new village.
In Nongstoin Block, about 2,000 seedlings of these siej have been brought and distributed to Mawdet village in Rambrai and Risiang areas. inside this Block.
Kishore Jena (javelin throw), Harmilan Bains (women's 800m), Avinash Sable (men's 5000m), women's 4x400m relay team and Lovlina Borgohain (boxing) won silver medals.
On Saturday, 20 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 3 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1471 in the state.
He appealed to those villages and private individuals who have not received this time to be patient and wait so that at another time they will receive the allocation through the MLA Scheme. which will be released soon for the year 2022-2
Not only that, but they threw her body and tied her behind a truck.
The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has received complaints from journalists in different districts of the state. the number of private YouTubers who travel around the country to collect news, attend various government meetings, and also attend press conferences and press briefings in the districts.
We would also like to mention here that NEHU has never provided financial assistance to its affiliated colleges for their development and improvement.
It's good that you don't die, you can't eat.
I don't want to ask why when Captain Williamson Sangma said take you 40% and give us Garo 40% we Khasi leaders agree with that and now start fighting.
He said the department also agreed to recognize the hard work of the SSA employees and the salary increase will be the goal so that the employees will work smarter and implement this programme.
Treibor R Suchen said the JSU has been demanding a B.Ed College in Jaintia Hills since 1987 when Garland Rymbai was President and R Swer was General Secretary. The NCTE in Delhi should expedite the recognition of the B.Ed College in Jowai to start the B.Ed.
“Have you ever heard of any discussion on the issues that are a problem on our roads from year to year?
These are the things that have been accused by this government.
However, he urged the youth of Mawsynram area to turn to the TMC party as it is the only party that can solve the problems not only in Meghalaya but also to fight against it. other national parties like the BJP which is now in power in India.
Daryl was accompanied by Sports Minister Zenith Sangma, Parliamentary Secretary Noverfield Marak, Congress MLAs and MDCs and his supporters.
In North Garo Hills, 17 cases, in Ri Bhoi 27, in Bleishah Cluster 4, in South Garo Hills 15 cases, in South Garo Hills 10, in South West Khasi Hills 17 cases. 126 cases were reported from Nonglang Cluster, 3 cases from Rangdkhiew Cluster, 126 cases from West Garo Hills, 23 cases from Dulong Cluster, 10 cases from Iooksi Cluster, 10 cases from Pyndengumiong Cluster, 3 cases from Rupa Factory Worker and 3 others.
They remember the Jaidbynriew only when the election MDC, MLA, MP comes and after they win and come to power you will see that they don't believe in that Jaidbynriew anymore and for that reason what am I trying to say if I win or I don't think the nation is the most important thing.
Stand-alone technical universities, health science universities, law and agriculture universities and others should aim to become multidisciplinary universities. .
The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) has expressed its deep sorrow after being criticized by the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
Leaders of these organizations said that on July 19, four organizations from West Khasi Hills met with Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh with a petition submitted regarding the Maternity Children Hospital. (MCH) Nongstoiñ where she promised to discuss the issue not in Shillong but when she visited the hospital and health centers in Nongstoiñ.
After this, the Assam Police were informed who immediately rushed to the scene to take the people to their side.
“Besides being a lucrative job, it is sad to say that this job has been done by foreigners, while the Khasi have become just like the moneylenders to these foreigners. “It is only because of the lack of Khasi youth who work in this field,” said Samla Donel Malieh.
{It was in 1831, through the work of Bengalis, that the Khasi language was recognized as the Modern Indian Language (MIL)}.
The young woman escaped naked when the police raided the scene.
She also urged the residents that if they have family members who are sick and need to donate blood, they should go to the hospitals which have blood banks like Nazareth, NEIGHRIMS, Robert, Civil Hospitals and others recognized by the government, as the government has already sent tests before it collects the blood at the places.
This silence shows that the fault lies with these border guards and not with Bah Ronning.
The District authorities have imposed this ban to prevent the spread of the violence in Garo Hills to these villages, whose residents are mixed with other ethnic groups.
To empower and understand the village leaders who are the rishotbah of economic development.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Lum Tongseng Village, Bah Ananias Suchiang, expressed the problem in the delivery of agricultural products to the market, as this area is a place where the villagers used to grow well. “During the rainy season, there are no vehicles to come to the village, so we have to carry the crops by our own strength and walk by road. It takes about 40 minutes to deliver our products on the national highway at Lad Lum Tongseng which is on the NH road in Sonapur and from Lad Lum Tongseng we transport our products by vehicles to the market. " said Mr. Suchiang.
“It's up to the owner, if he feels like it, it's better to buy a cake or buy a kilo of meat just to enjoy the house,” said another who has worked longer. “If you give me only Rs.500 tyngka, we'll be happy,” said the manager, “why don't you listen?” said the younger one, “To ... to it will change later," said Peter.
The Umjaut project is expected to generate 69 megawatts while the Umduna project is expected to generate 57 megawatts.
Nongstoiñ, June 4: The Rambrai area still needs a lot of development works in the fields of education, roads, health and others.
It is learned that on this day, many of the people were shocked to see that Bah Ardent was not able to greet the people like all the others but he greeted them with a smile on his face. specially prepared.
Therefore, the British Government came to knieh only because it is a country rich in wealth, a country blessed by God especially our beloved Khasi country which in our time is called ieid in the language phira. “The Scotland of the East” As a nation, if we still have that spirit of thinking about the past, we will never forget the stories of our ancestors like Tirot Sing Syiem and Kiang Nangbah. Babu J.J.M.Nichols Roy who has left a mark on our heritage what should we do so that we don't lose our strength or decline our strength like that in the hot sun? but as those who have received knowledge tomorrow, we must be like those who are wise.
“We have directed the Secretary of the Monitoring Committee which is currently preparing and preparing and after completion we will send it back to the relevant department of the central government.
“How do you farm in the east?” asked Kni's wife again and she gave them both a kiss twice.
According to the letter, the union is deeply saddened to learn that many of the applicants who are indigenous people of Meghalaya, who have applied for Group B and C posts, have had to sit for the examinations. to centers under other states.
The bodies were taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong and the investigation is ongoing.
Kyiad has been banned from production, consumption and sale in Mizoram for many years.
The District Magistrate said that these houses and this area need to be tested and active surveillance to curb the spread of the disease.
Kitbok Kharbihkhiew scored the first goal for Nangkiew FC in the 85th minute.
These leaders of the two parties, also met with the DC of Ri Bhoi, to express their deep concern over the delay in the release of the results. I am sorry that the results have been delayed.
On the other hand, the Jirang MLA urged the government to take special care of the Byrnihat PHC and that is from the provision of doctors, nurses and other staff. “The health center is very important in the border area and especially at this time when the number of cases of COVID-19 is higher in the area,” he said. added.
He said the JSM, FKJGP and KSU strongly condemn this illegal activity and the spread of dead cows from Ribhoi and West. bad East Jaintia Hills.
According to a source from the WKH Police, the kidnappers released them this evening at a place in Dhupdara in Assam. Five of them returned home safe and sound and without any injuries.
On the other hand, the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has allocated T.1.5 lakh to each member of the ANVC and ANVC (B).
The Vice President of the Association, Bah Precious Sumer, said that if the contractors carry out works with more than 50 employees, they will have to register after receiving the Work Order. according to the Meghalaya Labor Law (Amendment) Act,
It will be a challenge in the lives of us people because those inside the vehicles are surprised if it is too late to drive vehicles to cross the Umïam Bridge, those going from Shillong and those coming from Ri Bhoi while the maintenance of the bridge is underway. Smell.
This Act shall contain provisions to look after and identify any needs of the people which are prolonged without limitation to be met within the time stipulated by the Act.
“As of now, the residents of Mawiong Umjapung are suffering from time to time, because from time to time the pumps are broken and damaged, so the PHE department has approved a new scheme to purchase up to four pumps. “I am confident that after the implementation of this scheme, we hope that the pumps will not fail anymore,” said the Co Chairman.
The current Durand Cup season will attract a lot of spectators as the tournament will be held for the second time since the outbreak of Covid-1
Israel's health ministry said 2,156 people had been injured and were still being treated in various Israeli hospitals as of Sunday morning, including 20 who had been killed. 338 people were killed and 338 seriously injured.
The tournament was inaugurated by Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat in the presence of the Sordar of Laitkseh Village, H. Thongni, Upper Laitkseh Village, EK Kharit, O. Marboh. Amrit Cement and others who also distributed prizes to both the teams and special prizes.
At the same time, this is not the end of life and the light is always at the end of the dark path.
“The election period is still long and we cannot say, but the end will be up to the people to decide who is eligible to take over the post of leader,” said Bah Kennedy. to develop the Mawphlang Constituency.
It was found that most of the meter readers do not reach the homes of the people to read the meters and the bills are issued immediately.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the implementation of odd-even number of commercial vehicles from Kashari to Motphran will be an attempt by the government to reduce traffic jam in the area.
Mumtaz, 30, wanted to marry another woman from Kursakanta in Araria district, but with the arrival of his first wife, the courtyard turned It became a beautiful dramatic playground, where there were many spectators watching the beating of a husband by his wife.
At the same time, Amitesh requested the authorities to curb such remarks so that it does not happen again from time to time.
On the same day, the CM also inaugurated 12 food storage facilities and 3 cold storages in the state under the umbrella of Meghalaya NEXT. for Best Director for her film Ka Chithi at the Prague Cine Awards,
“There are MLAs who still hope to win again, there are also MDCs who think they will win in the 2018 elections. There are other old candidates and there will be new candidates (who used to be with the Congress party) – we don't think about the party yet but there is a discussion that if we win we will win from the same party. “It's a group that we can also rebuild the party,” said the official, who asked not to be named.
On education, he said the government would look for ways to encourage the youth to set up schools in rural areas like providing assistance to the tourism department to set up shops and accommodation for tourists.
Police said that these two persons were well known, but it is not yet known what caused the incident. There is a relationship between the two.
It is not possible to do whatever you want or to play with the rights of the people.
The second Khasi teaching term of the SBUK Khasi Teaching School will start from 4th June,
Do you feel that this is not happening? If you agree that if we lose these sacred places, we will witness before the world to the Jaitbynriew or the Jaitbynriew's ownership of this Ri Hynniewtrep in this present and future generation. pateng to come? In fact, we have to revive the holy mountains and holy places of the Jaitbynriew so that the heritage can be witnessed while it is still heritage.
The doctor was reportedly in contact with a patient who had the virus.
“I cannot elect Bah Process at any time, it is for his own reasons.
Nongpoh: An incident has shocked the residents of Ambher village, 12mer village in Assam, where a 12 year old boy who was studying in Class VI inside the house has been killed. 12mer Byrnihat, has committed suicide by hanging himself inside his house.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Sengkmie led by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh will announce tomorrow (Saturday) the name of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh as the party's candidate for the upcoming elections. MLA will soon be elected from Sohiong constituency.
He said it is necessary to get sufficient information to enable the police department to curb any attempt by criminals.
These trucks are just dark in the sky, where even the shiphew tire trucks and dumpers are running without stopping.
He admitted that he had no information that the police wanted to investigate Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Friday submitted a letter to the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District. the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
“The trucks that transport coal now are legal, not illegal because they don't have a shallan and this is managed by Coal India through auction.
According to him, the total cost of these projects has reached 60 lakh tyngka.
The Commission also released the KAP Baseline Report of the State, a booklet on the Super 6 SVEEP and the SVEEP Music Video entitled “Vote for Sure.
The effects of hypertension or high blood pressure can be controlled only through self-conscious dietary choices.
Under the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board, many schemes have been offered to the children of beneficiaries such as Maternity Benefits, Welfare Pension, Posthumous Payment, Educational Assistance and 34,8 employees registered until July,
Rynjah Police Station has launched an investigation under Rynjah PS Case No. 39 (04) 2023 u/s 506/342/34 IPC and three persons have been arrested today.
When asked for clarification from the DC, he said that he will have to consult with the DMHO of the district who is also the member secretary of the society on this and a decision will be taken.
She also extends her special greetings to all the relatives of all the members of the party and especially to all the relatives of the members who died during the struggle.
Will the money be recovered or will it bring benefits in the future and will visitors come back.
This Regulation is only for the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC and JHADC) and is a Regulation that has been reviewed by the Hon'ble High Court and the Hon'ble Supreme Court. Court and obtain confirmation that it is complete from head to toe and that it is still operating and continue to operate.
He also urged the students to have a responsibility to build the society.
General Bipin Rawat is the first chief of army staff to assume the post of Chief of Defense Staff (CDS) in
In total, police seized T.17.36 crore in cash, 3.28 lakh liters of kyiad worth T.22.35 crore, 82.85 kilograms of drugs worth T.42.66 lakh, 22.691 kilograms of gold. 93.563 kilograms of silver worth T.65.19 lakh and donations worth T.11.79 crore.
Other officials said that according to their information, the distribution of pigs by the Prime Minister in Nongstoiñ, is only for those people who own multi-storey buildings, who own private vehicles. to go around.
The SP of NGH, Dr. MGR Kumar, said that the post mortem report of the woman has not been confirmed yet. he is now in police custody for questioning.
Pitt, on the other hand, said he was reluctant to go back to Jolie, but he wanted to have a friendship with her, because he didn't want to break up with her, because he wanted to. to look after and care for their own children together.
It is alleged that at the time of the shooting, Dame Phawa's sister, who was still in poverty, saw the incident and tried to help her brother but she too was shot and killed. She was beaten up by her brother and sister and fortunately she was not injured.
The opposition leader said that they have received complaints from all over the country that those villages which have been closed down due to the COVID-19 pandemic, have faced problems in terms of food items because of the away from the markets, the government should ensure that those villages have access to food.
The righteous devil has defeated man, and it has been a great joy to him.
The VPP is a new political party with many intelligent and intelligent people.
In the HNLC's 2004 journal, Purno A Sangma had invited the HNLC leaders to meet him in Kolkata to discuss peace talks with the Government of India. In the same year, the Ministry of Intelligence of the Government of India also sent a message to the Seng to come for talks and it was in 2005, that Pastor Basaiawmoit was appointed as the ksiang. cut off like that.
“We have made it clear that they should be removed before this election.
We may have our own feelings about the public speaking style of these two terrible men.
I was trying to talk to them.
On the other hand, Assam claims that there are members of the YMA (Young Mizo Association) who are illegally occupying parts of Shanti Basti in Singoa.
One of the elders who has been in the dairy industry for 18 years, Bah Horen Dkhar, was spoken to.
He said that there is a saying that people should prepare themselves in advance because his coming is near.
Out of the 36 sites, 18 sites have already been resolved, which means that Assam has given the site to the neighboring state, said AIUDF MLA Aminul Islam.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS was the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the athletic meet. Stephanie M Rapsang, leaders and office bearers of WJDSA, Principals, teachers and other leaders of the area.
Police have launched a search operation to arrest the suspects and have requested anyone who has information to provide information.
Their times are at the end.
Shillong, June 24: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate Seraph Eric Kharbuki today announced his candidacy for the Sohiong by-election.
Shillong has changed over the years, and the night life has also appeared in this city of Meghalaya.
Employees are still owed 15 months salary, after one month’s salary was paid last Wednesday.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police today arrested Nikrak M Sangma, a prominent leader of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), at Rongara in South Garo Hills district.
The King explained that he had given the dulir to Smti.
In preparation for the KJCEU Convention at the Mawtnum Presbyterian Church to be held next year, Mawtnum Village Leaders together with Bah Rocky Marwein on Saturday visited the Mawtnum Presbyterian Church. to inspect the Mawtnum Stadium, for the purpose of improvement and especially to make it a venue for the holding of this big service.
Speaking on the occasion, the Organizing Secretary of the VPP Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Aristone Ryngdongsngi, said that the party has not only organized the blood donation to the Blood Bank. 2 years of journey, but more importantly, to give a year to save the lives of many of our brothers and sisters who need blood in times of emergency.
He said electricity and water had been cut off in Gaza on Sunday.
They go to school just to waste time and just want to get paid at the end of the month.
On the other hand, Bah Charles showed the example of Bajoria School which runs buses to transport the students and urged the government to take an example from this school.
He also witnessed all the schemes that the BJP government has introduced to the people like Ujala, Vishwakarma, Pmay, Atal Pension Scheme, Jan Dhan Scheme, Ayushman Bharat, Rashtriya Agriculture Development Scheme, Prime Minister's Security Scheme. and others.
Atique's two sons were arrested by police and detained at the Juvenile Home as they were underage on Saturday.
Deora lost to Shiv Sena candidate Arvind Sawant in South Mumbai while Dutt lost to BJP candidate Poonam Mahajan.
“We have found through RTI that the DMR of Kynshi has collected T.7,73,65,152 crore from the challan and the revenue from the Commissioner's office is T.2,21,079,60,” he said. Scan.
Speaking to media, Bah Khongwang said that the main issue is to serve the poor in the constituency and to help those in need without discrimination. find ways on how to create employment opportunities for unemployed youth in the area.
The ceremony will be held at 11 pm at Darrang School.
The KHADC has appointed a team of inquiry headed by S.Kharsyiemlieh, Judge of the District Council Court together with the Magistrate of the KHADC, B. Laitthma.
Sanfida Nongrum (Poly), 15, from Shillong, has been selected for Bangalore United FC (Women's Team) and will play in the Karnataka State League and Indian Women's League.
Jowai, Naiwieng 27: The Joint Secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi, Rituraj Sinha today on the directive of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the President JP Nadda has visited Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District to express his condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones in the shooting death by the Assam police. on the 22nd of this month.
Christopher Rani, CEO of CR Projects, a Shillong-based company that trades in minerals and agricultural products and earns T.45 crore annually.
In Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, Bah Pius Marwein launched the flag ceremony.
Rgh Paia also reminded that the reason why the committee has chosen this day on the 4th of June to hold this rongbiria of the Hima of Hynniewtrep, is because this day has This is an important part in the history of this nation, because it was on this day of the 4th June 1829 that Pa'iem Tirot Sing Stiem, the Syiem of the Hima Nongkhlaw, stood up to fight against the Hima Nongkhlaw. The East India Company was a foreign ruler at that time.
Therefore, we hope that during the voting period, they will follow us and we will win,” said one of the leaders.
Esther had a cousin named Mordecai.
Our beloved Ri Lyngngam, You are at the end of the Khasi Hills, Your wealth is all in you, You have not looked at the wealth of foreign countries.
It may be recalled that the struggle for the establishment of an education department in Wahiajer , has been proposed since 2005 but has not been implemented due to the collision in the the two places.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hill District, has expressed its gratitude to all the leaders of West Khasi Hills District, who participated in the 4th Meghalaya Games, which was held from the 2nd to the 7th of this month. month in Shillong.
Trump, 74, who is already behind Democratic candidate Joe Biden, will lose many seats before November
“Many jobs that are expected to happen are not.
“The reason why I don't want to join political parties is because there are many comments from many quarters, where the people say that various parties are stealing money and so on.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of two Government Ministers including Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, and the Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. The Commissioner and Secretary of the Ministry of Arts and Culture, Fedrick Kharkongor on Thursday visited the prison where Syiem Tirot Singh was imprisoned in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Foreign Government.
If the people themselves continue to elect such leaders, without doubt they can auction off the precious heritage that our country has inherited from ancient times.
In the semi final match, Assam Rifles beat Sacred Heart Boys SS 4-0 at the Heh Stadium in Mawlai Phudmuri.
Nongpoh: Officials of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), together with officials from MeECL Umiam, today inspected the site for the construction of a new bridge for heavy vehicles at Dwar Ksuid. Shillong By-Pass, after the bridge, which has been used for a long time, has been unsafe for the passage of heavy vehicles.
Sunil Britto from Jyntru, Nongpoh, Fr. Michael Sun from Umkador, Visitation Sister from Umkador, Bah Morwing Mawlong, Tymmen Basan Patharlydan and many others.
In the midst of the neglect there are other benefactors and missionaries who have improved the people of the area in terms of opening primary schools and improving education besides their work of spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
Please explain on the first page, so that it will be clear,” concluded the explanation.
Whatever we do or eat, water is the first thing we should think about using.
Replying to a question by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit in the Legislative Assembly on this issue, Dr Mukul said there are two parts to the government's contract appointment process. , one is for vacancies and the other is for the implementation of government schemes that are available from time to time especially from the central government.
On this occasion, the 50th Anniversary Celebration was held with a song and dance performance by the students.
“Every working day in Shillong, it is very crowded, even the public cannot walk because of the traffic jam, but now that these incidents have happened in Shillong, where the parking lots they are also empty".
Similarly, in all three departments, MCH&FW, MI and Research, there has been a high turnover of Directors. Dr RH Pariat of MCH&FW, who has been in charge of MCH&FW for more than 10 months, has been appointed as MCH&FW for more than 10 months. 3rd July 2011 to 28th June 2011 and Dr A Das, in the same department, who took over from 1st October 2013 to 31st October 2013, then three others for two months and these are Dr AK Dr Miss Doracia Pariat, DHS Research, who assumed office from 1st July 2011 to 30th June 2011, Dr Miss Doracia Pariat, DHS Research, who assumed office from 14th June 2013, to 30th June They are Dr Mrs MHK Marak of DHS MI, who took over from 22nd June 2013 to 31st July 2013, Dr WF Dkhar of DHS Research who took over from 1st July 2011 to 7th June 2011 and Dr Mrs A Marwein, who took office from 11th June 2012 to 30th November
On the other hand, LG Nongsiej said that after the HSPDP has decided to give the ticket to Diosstarness Jyndiang as the candidate for the mid-term elections, Nongsiej has decided to give the ticket to Diosstarness Jyndiang. He said that he has already accepted the decision of the party.
This causes people to gather in large numbers.
Investigation has also confirmed that this may have been the place where the three people were killed and burnt before burying their bodies in a small pit.
The question arises- Why is the Bible silent and does not tell us anything about this fourth and last period of Israel's captivity when the first and second periods of their captivity were written? correct and speak clearly in it ? This happened because their fourth (last) entry into their country was connected with the “Second Coming of Jesus Christ”.
The silver medal winners were Peterson Rapsang (Senior Light Contact 51 kg), Inesgabahun Dkhar (Senior K-1 51 kg) and Ibahaundaris K. Syiemlieh (Senior K-1 57kg).
Under the rule of the British Government (1835 – 1947) this area fell under the Jowai Civil Sub-Division.
He said that the Garo support for the Assam government has pleased all the Nepalis living in the Langpih area and they hope that from Mawsikar, all the areas east of the road to The Assam Police Station at Langpih, which is the old market, does not belong to Assam.
After 13 months, farmers of Khanduli village who have fields in Karbi village in Assam will be allowed to start farming again from 21st June
In the second match, Mulang Ïalong beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu with two goals from Tellmi Mulieh in the 50th minute and Challet Phawa in the 64th minute.
On 16th July 2020, a test was conducted at Rilbong which tested 701 people and 38 people were Covid Positive. On 17th July 2020, a test was conducted at Mawpat. On 18th July 2020, 150 people were tested positive in Jhalupara and 18 people tested positive.
Umiam Eagles allowed Simsang to tied first for 133 runs for the loss of all wickets in 40.1 overs, while Umiam Eagles managed to reach the target and won in 24.1 overs.
I believe that all of us have not forgotten the tragic incident that on the morning of 22nd November 2022 when four residents of Mukroh village were shot dead in the forest. Assam Guard and Police.
The church was founded on the 3rd of July 1949 and has now celebrated its 75th anniversary. The theme of this jubilee celebration is based on the book of 1-Numbers 16:12 “Remember His marvelous works that He has done, His miracles” The ceremony was conducted by Rev. Fr. Aibor Dennis Nongbah, Parish Priest of Ladrymbai.
She said that if the Congress party comes forward to propose to work with the MDA government for the benefit of the people, there should be no difference or suspicion.
He said the Terms of Reference will remain the same as in the first phase of the border talks.
Gopinath Mundey, former second chief minister of Maharashtra, will hold the rural development department.
They also demanded that if MeECL does not provide proper electricity from now on, the union will not hesitate to take other stronger measures or even to close down the MeECL office. in Nongpoh, to listen to MeECL and the government as well.
“We don't have anything to discuss yet, although some have proposed the names to be appointed to these Council seats,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the party has said in front of the Minister of State, that it should urge the Central Government to withdraw this announcement as it is unacceptable because it will cause in connection with the customs and traditions in Meghalaya.
Marda Oo Myrchiang, District Manager, CSC, West Jaintia Hills District, said that the project has been implemented by the Central Government with the approval of the CSC.
The prize money for the first, second and third place winners is T.2 lakh, T.1 lakh 50 thousand and T.1 lakh respectively.
It was also announced that the NPP is ready to welcome Bah Shangpliang on Tuesday in Shillong in the presence of all the party leaders.
The Head of Government said that the construction of the roads connecting the house to the main road has been completed.
“After receiving these photographs, we as the union have met with the doctors and officers of the Animal Husbandary & Veterinary Department, and they have denied this report and confirmed that this the news is untrue," he added.
And then I will never reach the goal I want to reach.
The French shop remains strong and strong in the animals to this day and as long as the French snaps are spreading in society, it will continue to persist and it is difficult to stop.
The incident occurred at 7:30 am at the house of Mil Chyrmang.
Shillong, November 29 : Meghalaya has witnessed many incidents in 2023 throughout the year, which include not only protests but especially incidents that have shocked even the world.
However, on the other hand, it was said that the state government is preparing to respond to the NGT on this issue and has asked for more time from the NGT as it has not yet been able to provide a reply.
On the high levels, he said, “If you go from Umkiang to Guwahati, there are high levels which charge more than T1 lakh for coal trucks, high level trucks charge T10,000 for coal. 20,000, even 2,000 per vehicle if there is a robbery on the road”.
Vehicles will be closed from 7:30 Am to 9:00 Am & 2:00 Pm – 4:00 Pm. to the Upper Lachumiere street.
These roads without footpath include the road from Nonbah to St Savier, Nonbah to Anderson and other roads which are very dangerous for school children and the public.
Jarngal said that according to the GSI, the coal reserves in Garo Hills are about 576.48 million tonnes.
Officers of Laitumkhrah Traffic Branch were also present on the occasion.
He said that although they have not been able to complete the treatment, the treatment has gone on and the doctors have worked hard.
“You have seen that 35 of our MLAs don't say or do anything for the benefit of the people but there is only one who does that but doesn't get any support and I don't need to name who he is because we all “We have witnessed with our own eyes that we need to work hard to arrest these 35 people,” said Bah Louis in his speech at a short meeting held by HITO before the start of the a wreath-laying march she organized on Thursday.
The program was inaugurated by Tracy Kharkamni, State ACSM Coordinator, State TB Office. Dr. Dukebingstone Lyngdoh, Medical and Health Officer, Civil Hospital, Shillong started from the Additional Secretariat to the State TB Office at Mawprem.
Ardent said that first of all there should be unity in the language to bring together one nation so that we can fight against the protests.
The Nongsaiñ Hima has been able to compare these figures regarding the water level in the Umïam Dam in the month of June for the next seven years from 2018 to
This is difficult for the state police to find out.
However, when they arrived at the scene, they met with the MLA of Nongthymmai constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope.
Besides, the Jirang MLA also expressed to the government the need for farmers to get special schemes and also that they should get pesticides to protect their crops. pesticides, subsidies and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The ADM of South Garo Hills, who has hidden his name, has escaped from the shooting of armed groups in disguise.
The Dorbar Shnong has said that if these households do not receive their ration cards within the stipulated time, it will give their share to other households from the village in agreement with the Dorbar Shnong. border District.
“It is felt that the IOA and AA are essential for the welfare of our people and it is felt that the FKS should remain strong and the sirdarships should join the FKS” , said Mr. Pynshngain.
It is also the Commission to look after the appointment of teachers to teach the mother tongue in schools especially in the rural areas.
The research and discoveries of scholars have caused me, as a student of history and theology, to fall and wonder about Babel.
Three people have died in Gujarat and Maharashtra, two in Karnataka, one in Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Punjab, Delhi, West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh and one in Jammu and Kashmir.
Doloi said the meeting will discuss the progress of the investigation by the SIT, the arrest of five persons allegedly involved in the incident including from the BDO of Jirang Block, the complaint lodged by the employees of KHADC, Forest, Taxes and police officers and also the demand of the CSWO (Agnes) to hand over the investigation to the CBI. , that the purpose of holding this special meeting in the area is also to raise awareness among the public on the ongoing investigation by the SIT, the alleged murder and the involvement of illegal release. trucks carrying coal through this area have been seized by some robbers and which has brought shame to the Western Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the last prisoners were released in the months of November. He said that after being released from jail they had to appear once a month, but now that appearance is no longer available. that they should come forward when the police need them.
Two KSU members from Mawprem were arrested after Vikash's shop was set on fire in Motphran. Vikash died after sustaining serious injuries.
The match on the 31st will be between Nenggate Pynursla vs Nongtyngur Foxes at 10 am and Bakur vs Rimasar at 11 am.
Shillong, July 19: The Hynniewtrep Students' Union (HSU) has set a three-month deadline for the government to set up and implement the C&RD Block in Namdong, West Jaintia Hills. The party has vowed to send a complaint to the central government.
Speaking to reporters, the National Executive Member of the BJP who is also the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, admitted that two MLAs including TMC MLA from Mawsynram Bah HM Shangpliang and also the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah have been appointed. Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang has expressed his desire to contest from the BJP in the upcoming elections.
India follows the Constitution and therefore everyone has the right to blame Prime Minister Duh or the government if they feel that something has gone wrong.
A case has been registered against Lobkush Bohara and Rahul Das under Section 125(11)19 of the NDPS Act
“On the other hand, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta said that the examination went smoothly without any interruption. walk walk walk orderly.
The student is currently in the middle of treatment.
The Constitution of India grants all citizens new fundamental rights, but at this time let us forget about these except for one human right - and that is it is the right to life.
The reason is due to the lack of adequate roads to reach their villages.
“See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools...redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Chullai Brothers will play against Madankynsaw at 12.45 pm.
Umkiang scored two goals in the first half through Ker Pala (29, 46), in the second half through MacDonald Bareh (53) and Confirm Chadong (56).
This health center has been upgraded from PHC to CHC in November
“I don't think the people in Shillong are so stupid,” she said.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: At about 1:30 pm this morning, while the villagers of Mukroh were carrying rice from their fields, they carried several lyngkhot dieng around with a truck. Fourwheel trucks from their own areas within the border of Meghalaya.
I am fortunate that I have been able to achieve my childhood dreams.
In the petition, the Mawlai Chief Minister said that the increase in the fare of JNNURM is no different from the fare charged by commercial taxis and private buses.
Tura, November 07: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) in collaboration with TechEagle has opened the first drone station to distribute medicines to the people of Jengjal Sub-India. Divsional Hospital.
The NEHUSU leaders said that the examination for the students of NEHU has started from this month and will end on 14th July
Shillong, Nailar 4: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Friday will inaugurate the Ranikor Administrative Unit at Ranikor.
The Garo Hills Youth Organization (GHYO) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills over the allegation of misappropriation of funds in connection with the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) according to reports available on the JJM portal.
He said that the implementation of the JJM Scheme is the biggest target and the JJM Scheme, which has been received from the Central Government, has been set to be completed by November
Besides the Ministers, those who attended the function included Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, N. Lamare, SP Ri Bhoi, Kong B. Hynniewta, ADC Ri Bhoi. Bhoi and others.
Of these, 55 cases are from East Khasi Hills District and 4 cases from Ribhoi District.
“Therefore, all the ethnic groups have become equal as seen by the Supreme Court, so I don't want to criticize this order issued by the Supreme Court,” he said.
In his speech, Dr. Samudra Gupta Kashyap said that this book looks at the courage and selflessness of the people of this region, by shedding light on their contribution to the struggle. independent of the country.
Regarding the arrest of these Khasi youths, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, expressed his deep sorrow that the authorities in charge of ICAR Umiam, have arrested these Khasi youths. As a party, we strongly oppose and do not accept anything and the party will continue to oppose.
Therefore, this mountain, which contains this story, is considered to be a holy mountain, which the Seng Khasi or the Niam Tynrai in Ri Lum Khasi has made this mountain a holy mountain. once a year they went up to thank and worship and to perform rituals on a holy place.
When asked whether the party supports the VPP protest under the leadership of Bah Ardent with the aim of forcing the State Government to look into the appointment process, Bah Passah said, “On the other hand, We want the people to unite under the leadership of Bah Ardent.
North Liberty H/S School beat HK Singh Memorial Sec School 6-0
He said that Pynrusla is one of the fastest growing villages in the state and has improved in all aspects because the people of this village are very focused on education.
UDA Leader Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, said that the UDA has decided to pass a resolution to remove Lakhon Biam from the post of Chairman. The UDA has unanimously elected Finelynes Bareh as the new Chairman of the Council. JOWAI: Members of the Opposition in JHADC including Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai have resigned from the post of EM and taken over the post of Chairman JHADC. Opposition Leader Arbor Hima Darnei, Holando Lamin and Aiborlang Shadap have decided to lodge a complaint with the Governor and the High Court against the allegation that the Deputy Chairman of JHADC, Ma Ailad Bhoi, has violated the rules. Andrew said the Governor of the State has called this Dorbar to remove the Chairman without informing the Governor of the vacancy. Lakhon Biam has been resigned as Chairman after receiving a letter of complaint from 22 MDCs of the council that they have lost confidence in the Chairman of the council.
(They don’t have to reason why.
“Earlier, Bah Dipshon said that it was a victory for the State team in the Santosh Trophy where they came second after losing to Karnataka.
Thus, it was said that although the health of the Holy Father has improved in terms of flu-related illnesses, the doctors in charge of his care have He urged and warned the Pope to cancel the trip which he had prepared for all the time as it could affect his body in the coming days.
The suspect was identified as Banman-bha Nongkhlaw, 26 years old.
The DHS said that eight cases have been confirmed on the border with Assam and five others have been confirmed on the border with Assam or in the police station, which is located in Jirang.
God is above all.
Surabhi died and her body was lying in the arms of her beloved Manjesh Kumar.
“The Minister said that to his knowledge, the child helpline service is still supervised by one child helpline administrator.
Bah Kharnaior said that the Rangbah Shnong's decision is the responsibility of the people and the dorbar.
There is 1 Post Graduate Education candidate from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 9 candidates remained unemployed till 31st November
The construction of 389 shops including the roof and toilet was completed in July 2018 at a cost of 19.94 crore tyngka.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 2,0
The world is looking for a leader who can.
“We must not tolerate any interference with our democracy and the institutions under the Constitution," he said.
Sources said that police have shot dead CNC Augustine Marak.
The SP on Friday said that these robbers have been involved in many robbery cases and one of the robbery cases was that they recently robbed a trader from Assam.
He said that there are more than 3000 street vendors in Shillong, and added that the government has a plan to build a market for them. the shopkeepers.
She said that saving money is very important whether you are rich or poor and therefore it is necessary for everyone to open an account in banks to save money easily when there are urgent matters.
“I don't know where the opposition leader went to inspect yesterday, but to say that he went to look only at the road and to accuse that there is no coal is not good and as a responsible leader, I don't “It should not be blamed or given to the media because this will not solve the problem. It should come to the state government,” he said.
“We urge all those involved in the violence to stop the violence.
How did Jesus respond to the woman? And he said, Where are thy accusers? Has no one condemned you? She said – no Oh Lord.
The winners of various competitions were also awarded prizes by Bah Dawningstar Marweiñ, Gen Secretary of Deng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat. The Mawkyrwat Youth Association gave a speech of congratulations.
The time demands change.
The 58-year-old leader was sworn in by the Governor of Meghalaya, Magubhai Patel in Bhopal.
Brazilian authorities say 13 people have been killed in a typhoon that struck southern Brazil, forcing thousands of residents to flee their homes. to the area surrounding the site.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chairman of the Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that various departments of the state government have discussed thoroughly regarding the traffic jam. pt.
It is just a political move without knowing the facts, without knowing the number of residents in the area.
When talking to other non-Christian religious leaders, they don't understand the needs of other churches and from this they want the government to understand their needs and they too will try to follow the protocols. not reserved by the government.
The incident happened on Sunday at Chengrapara village under Dalu Civil Sub-Division.
To strengthen the responsibilities.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has no intention of accepting the 108 vehicle as demanded by the employees.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambok S Marngar congratulated the Seinraij Tuber Women's Organization for setting up this Child Care Institute Cum Counseling Center. doubt to move forward in life on the path of hope.
It spends this money on the payment of travel expenses (TA, DA etc) to ministers and officers and so on.
Look at the unemployment we are facing in the state.
However, after the champagne ceremony, the two returned to continue the celebration with their fellow England champions.
It was also at this meeting that it was decided that the Regional Committees of the two states will start meeting and inspecting the areas to resolve the border issue.
The program will be enriched by the Serenity Choir, which is famous in Shillong and the songs and music of the former students of Don Bosco School. The Don Bosco Past Pupils' Association invites all past pupils and their families to attend this celebration which will be held at Don Bosco Technical School from 2 pm. how how.
A leader must have a courageous spirit, and as a people who lead their own destiny, we must have freedom of spirit.
It was also a great day for the Seiῆ as it ἳalso unfurled the flag of the party on its twentieth anniversary.
According to estimates, the cost of accepting customers in India has dropped from $23 to $0.1 with the use of DPIs. you do not KYC; you have reduced the cost of labor; banks using e-KYC have reduced compliance costs from $0.12 to $0
With the presence of the crowd, the suspect was arrested.
This was held inside the dorbar hall at Mawkhar.
Individuals and any groups or associations of farmers can apply for this scheme, as well as Farmer Producer Companies (FPCs), Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs).
HSPDP President KP Pangniang will be the chief guest while Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of State, will be the second chief guest.
“Any new political party must first strengthen its foundation.
He said that this will not bring any good, but it is the root of hatred among the Khasi.
Shillong:"I was one of the young men who was beaten with a bottle of beer from behind my head and I remember that I broke the chairs inside the State Central Library when I was young. “We have won many competitions in the past,” said the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Nongpoh, July 20: The President of the Voice of People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today arrived in Ri Bhoi District as the party's chief leader for the election campaign. The VPP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, has been elected from Umsning Constituency.
However, at the time of his election, he was able to donate only more than 10,0
He asked to discuss with Dr Mukul Sangma on this.
Because if we don't surprise the people now, how many nations can be lost because the youth have fallen into evil habits such as drugs and alcohol, the future of the nation is in darkness.
On the other hand, Larry Kharpran, Technical Director, MBA and JT Secretary, Boxing Federation of India, said that this is the second time that the tournament will be held here in the state. it's in the year
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Congress MLA and Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, said that after the end of the Legislative Assembly, the Congress will consider the issue of candidates for Tura constituency. Lok Sabha MP elections and also to discuss the candidates for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC in
Shillong, Nailur 26: A 14-year-old girl from Umphyrnai village has been raped by her father Kanester Lyngdoh Sun.
The Malaysia Super 500 tournament has been a successful one for the country's badminton team after some of the country's stars including PV Sindhu, HS Prannoy and Kidambi Srikanth have qualified for the quarterfinals after winning their respective positions.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Gurjeet Singh on Tuesday said that the discussion on the relocation and provision of accommodation to the residents of Themiew Mawlong is a matter that has been discussed from one government to another. another, but no Government has yet taken action to provide adequate accommodation for them.
Shillong: The Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), Shillong has sent to the office of the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) the estimate of the arrear for the 1st release of instalment) of 25 percent of the salary of Deficit teachers at Upper Primary and Primary level from November 2019 for release at least this month of April or before Teachers' Day on 5th November 2019.
There are many valleys in the Pomksew River and if roads can be built, it will undoubtedly be one of the most attractive tourist attractions.
The deadline for receipt will be from the 19th to the 20th, but can also be received on the morning of the 21st from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm at the D.C Office.
Deans and representatives from other partner institutions were on hand to celebrate the occasion.
Nepal on Tuesday urged Russia not to recruit its citizens into the Russian army and also urged Russia to send any Nepal's army is working with Russia.
Ecclesiastes 7:13.
It is also recommended to include the word 'Gift' or 'to donate' in the Act.
He urged the Government to take immediate action on the demands of the workers because as of now since the closure of the factory, the workers have suffered and no longer have enough income or living conditions. every day of their lives.
It is sad that if he does that, he does not want the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
Regarding the breakdown of the machines, Bah Kharkongor said that according to information received, there was no breakdown of the machines in all these 63 polling stations.
Only if the first recipient comes to us, then we will be able to verify," said the DIG (ER).
Sangma, 19, of Dalu, WGH (BJP), Bregrimseng S Marak, 19, of Baghmara, TMC, Pangchu R. Sangma, 18, of Siju, SGH (TMC), Kimkim K. Sangma, 32, of Tikrikilla; WGH (TMC), Lastbirth M Marak, 23, of Ampati, SWGH (TMC), Sangra R.Marak, 32, of Baghmara, SGH (TMC), Greatster N. Marak, 27, of Ampati, SWGH (TMC), u Sunday Ch.
For more information please call 9485432298 &
The money for the purchase of the vehicle was provided by the Government of India.
Besides, there was no sliew ding and even the shawla was turned off before going to the shop.
The PWD has contributed by building some roads although they are still in poor condition and many villages have not yet received roads and the people still have to walk for many hours to reach the markets and shops. places that are more advanced.
The tournament was conducted by 14 referees headed by Bah Angelus Sun as the Chief Jury.
Speaking to media, Hek said, “The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma is a person outside the MDA government and he has his own thoughts, his own feelings and his own views. of opinion and I do not wish to comment on this,because it is a private revelation.
Some children come from a family where there is absolutely no one to help them at home because both their mother and father did not have the opportunity to go to school.
In the past, they sold 45 liters of water.
Besides the cleanliness programme, a Poshanbad Swachhata was also held.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (NPSRA) has decided to ban foreigners from coming to trade in poultry. to the Nongpoh area, from Shangbangla to Umsaw Nongkharai, areas still under the jurisdiction of the party.
In this regard, the students should submit their marksheets and certificates on or before 15th July at the office of KSU Mawlai Circle in Mawlai Nonglum or to the members of KSU Mawlai Circle.
According to the statement, during the meeting, they explained to Arun Jaitley the working of the GHADC and also the implementation of the Special Assistance of the GHADC. At the same time, she expressed her concern about the impact of the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes in the state especially in these days when the Christmas season is approaching in the state. many Christians and urged the central government to do something to relieve the people from the suffering of the financial crisis.
When the govt is taken care off, that means they are marketing this disease n make money out of it….
There will also be a special closure of the market on that day so that the market dwellers can witness the ceremony.
He said that as of now, there has been no general voice from the people to be like him in 2014, to force him to contest the election and therefore he has not thought much.
Let us live and be like them as long as we live spiritually and be happy in the last days.
The drivers of vehicles have expressed their dissatisfaction with this order and said that this will seriously affect their income especially as Khyndailad and Motphrah are the bloodline of all vehicle drivers because all the people from the residents market, market visitors, students, and even government employees take vehicles from these two places.
No good will come through comments but such actions will lead to the destruction of the nation.
In his speech, he stressed on the firm stand of the state on the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which is being held across the country.
The objectives are the personal appeal of the candidate and the election manifesto of the parties.
The Minister said this while replying to a question by the Congress MLA from Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar during the Question Hour in the Budget Session. sun.
Wing Commander Abhinandan Varthaman, who was arrested by Pakistani troops, has returned to India two days after being detained in Pakistan. you are on your ship.
As the MLA of the area, he also urged the government to provide small jobs to the villagers in Umtrew Biological Park.
He said the NSS has done what is necessary to encourage the youth of the country and the region to build their humanity, their individuality in the future.
To achieve success on this issue, the government needs the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs and other NGOs to be a bridge to the people especially in the rural areas.
If we get a righteous, honest and wise person as our leader, we will see the revival of our nation whether it is in the field of governance, income and so on.
According to police sources, the arrest of this drug dealer was made after an investigation and search operation against these people who tried from time to time to distribute drugs in Nongstoiñ. Police have arrested the suspect and charged him under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
In the first leg which started at 11:30 pm, Sohiong SC beat Laitlyngkot SC 0-2 goals. Both goals for Laitlyngkot SC were scored by Libesstar. & 61 minutes.
It was Christianity that taught us to read and write.
Explaining the facts according to the documents he has collected, he said that he stands at that place as a young man of the community and when he sees that the old man stands on the basis of firmly and clearly and on a fair basis, he should show the facts and point out that what a candidate has taken advantage of and admit that Tyrsad PHC was brought by him, shows that this candidate count the people and their wickedness.
For the BJP, which is known for its alliance with the leaders of those regions or the Riewlum, to oppose this legislation by the members of Meghalaya would be like opposing those issues of the Central Government or the Seng.
“On the other hand, Congress Chief Mallikarjun Kharge said, “We congratulate the people of Telangana who have given the party a glorious victory.
“The Chairman's insults are further evident in the fact that he has not built the school building of the school despite receiving the Building Fund and the students have been given training at his residence until now.
Continuing the second innings, Delhi scored 248/2 to beat Meghalaya's 106 runs in the first innings. Delhi reached 419/3
“This Clan Bill will strengthen the powers of the Kur Unions to issue Clan Certificates and to register all the Kurs in Jaintia Hills,” said Dy.CEM Ma Lasky. Dorbar Kyrsu of the Seinraij Wapung Shnong, which falls under the Seinraij Tuber at Madan Shad Sukra on Sunday.
Shillong, July 28: Mylliem Constituency MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh has no information about the government's plan to sell 18 acres of land belonging to the Ministry of Agriculture. The UDP Mylliem Constituency through its President, Hamlet Dohling has written a letter to Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem. The 19th meeting of the Rajya Sainik Board Meghalaya held on 4th November, 2014 and submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister against the auction of the Rajya Sainik Board Meghalaya. place.
Upananda Kataki, Executive Director, Powergrid, SK Sharma, DGM, Corporate Centre, MK Baruah, Senior General Manager, Anjan Sanyal, SR GM (HR), and Bah Cliff Nongrum, Vice-President of the Meghalaya Football Association.
For this purpose, Chief Minister Service Delivery Centers will be set up at 750 places in the state to provide assistance to the residents.
There was also an exhibition of ashar, musli musla, sweets, jhur, crafts and others.
She died before being taken to hospital and when her sample was taken she was found to be positive for COVID-1
However, as soon as the judges of the High Court ordered the government to ensure that there is no illegal coal trade, it has now become clear that the illegal coal trade is spreading. so much in those jurisdictions is now becoming apparent.
Shillong, July 3: The HSPDP has strongly criticized the Law Department of the State Government for not knowing anything about the Armaloi Act passed by the State Legislative Assembly. the Prevention of Disqualification (Member of Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya) Amendment Act 2015.
U Sanjiv Bajaj, Chairman & Managing Director, Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Information & Technology Department of the State Government has prepared to implement WiFi in all schools to provide internet access to the M-Tablets distributed by the government. on the M-Tablets of the students.
He said they also requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take action to provide all the necessary facilities inside the hospital, from the equipment and staff necessary to open the hospital. for the great benefit of the people.
She said that as a nation, we need indigenous IAS officers to serve the people of the state.
Many times you want to do many things in life, but your weight doesn't allow you to do them.
He said the CoMSO has nothing to oppose the government led by Conrad K Sangma because it has responded and taken care of the demands of the people.
In the afternoon, after the Sacrament, followed by a ceremony of honoring all the Parish Priests, Priests and Sisters from the Parish, Catechists & Elders and Sijurs. Parents who have been receiving the Sacrament of Confirmation for more than 25 years.
Other residents who helped smuggle parcels from Bangladesh to India include Devinson Marngar (22) from Pynthorbah, Shillong who is a driver of a Maruti Alto.
The countries with the highest number of cases are the US (1,131,030), Spain (242,988), Italy (207,428), the UK (177,454), France (167,346) and Germany (164,077).
Speaking as the chief guest, the MLA announced to provide an additional 10 lakh tyngka for the construction of the school building as agreed with the school authorities.
According to him, the government has suspended the issuance of challans for the transportation of coal from 23rd July
About 20 children from the Seng Riti Cultural Organization from Wahkhen including teachers will receive salaries according to the government allocation, and the Pahambir Cultural Club has been allocated to support musical instruments for three groups. and some traditional costumes required at the traditional customs festival.
Conrad Sangma said the confirmation was based on the drawings and information provided and the well was explained according to the instructions.
Shillong, Lber 24 : U President of the Voice of People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, has urged the supporters of the party not to turn out in public on the day of the election of the party candidate, Bah Ricky J Syngkon. register so that it does not affect and disrupt the traffic of the public.
When the harvest season comes, the cost of production is high, because as mentioned above, he has to sell the goods to the farmer.
“If the state already has a Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB), why is it still necessary to set up a Regional Planning and Development Board (RPDB) for the Khasi and Garo Hills?
During this programme, Wadjingshai SHG has organized a cleanliness drive, making pumg tongum and various competitions for the children of the area.
Shillong: Hundreds of trucks carrying stone to Tamabil, Dawki from Pynursla area have caused a severe blockade.
After joining the Diocesan Priests, he attended Christ King's College from 2010 to 2013 and completed his Philosophy and BA. .
Ratacherra: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 97th Battalion in Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills District, has donated assistance to Wellington Jungai Memorial Secondary School.
The Constitution of India clearly states that voting is a right of the citizens of India.
In a statement, the CEO of the MFA, Bah Arki Nongrum, said that after careful consideration, the MFA at its meeting held on the 23rd of April, has decided to stop the TSA recognition altogether immediately.
She said that when she arrived at the shop before 6 pm, the shops were destroyed along with the tar inside them.
On the 9th of this month, JHDS distributed food items such as rice, dai, sugar and nutrela to 65 households in Ladrymbai and 32 households in Mookhep East Jaintia Hills.
It is interesting to see that in these days there has begun to be this empowerment of men by giving the elderly of our parents.
There is nothing wrong with the difficult purpose of teaching, but what I don't understand is why that teaching takes the form of torment and deception. Do the houses and shops owned by people without or without education understand that they will not take rent or extend the rent at such a difficult time? While HIGHLY EDUCATED teachers are forcing parents of children to buy smartphones (there are no smartphones less than 10,000 tyngka in the market at this time), desktops and laptops and also to take a wi-fi connection (due to the slow network) only to complete assignments for internal examinations.
Therefore, the police should investigate thoroughly to find out the facts because the people cannot believe and accept that there are foreigners who do such things because these places have become like High Security The zone is surrounded by guards provided by the State Government so that foreigners who set up shops from Khyndai Lad to Umsohsun can live in peace and income.
At the same time, the MLA of the area has also called for a new work to clean up this road which has been badly damaged and has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
“The money comes from the Panchayati Development Ministry to go through the Facilitator to elect the people and not from the Rangbah Shnong and this will destroy the authority of the village,” said Dr Werlok.
In Ri-Bhoi, the Government should create and re-create another Civil Sub Division for the people of Ri-Bhoi Mihngi, by upgrading the Bhoirymbong C&RD Block to a Civil Sub Division due to the distance. and at the same time to create and rebuild 2 more C&RD Block in Umden Raid Nongtluh and Mawhati, due to the distance of the places, the Umling C&RD Block and Umsning C&RD Block, which affects the people in terms of travel expenses, money and livelihood.
Donevan Kharwanlang MDC Sohra Constituency was the chief guest.
“From time to time we have said that if you have the facts when you allege that those who are corrupt are members of the UDP, the UDP will not forgive them because it will hand them over to the authorities,” he said. let Allantry.
This species has been preserved by a group known as the Umsum Pitcher Plant Community Reserve Nongnah (UPPSRN).
Shillong, June 10: The HSPDP has announced that it has expelled Fenela L Nonglait from the party for allegedly supporting Bah Paul Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate. the last day of election campaigning in Mot phran.
On the other hand, TULBA also distributed jaiñ syaid to the elderly in the village and also cut cakes as a Christmas celebration.
All this has happened as they trust the Prime Minister and his policies and programmes.
The Jaintia Dorbar worked hard for the good and development of Jaintia Hills, Jowai Sub-Division at that time.
Here’s how you can redeem the codeStep 1: Download and install PUBG Lite on your device.
This was announced by the Secretary of the Meghalaya Swimming Association, Bah Ian Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters at the Crinoline Swimming Pool on Saturday. 16th State Aquatic Championship.
Otherwise, we will be slaves forever to the Garo people.
DAWKI: A fire broke out in a house near a steel fabrication and furniture factory in Bakur village, Dawki on Tuesday night.
“On the part of Dr. Vijay Kumar D.IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Department, in his welcome speech, he said, “We are delighted to see and witness the progress and active participation of the students. youth from Khasi and Garo Hills as well as in various development activities.
Therefore, KHNAM recommends how to break or destroy drugs according to the rules of law and to do so in front of the media.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Union, Bah Marcos Shangp, said that the village headmen are very concerned about the suspension of the construction of the 4 lane road from Sawmer to Umsyrpi. , where the construction of this road from 7mer to 5 mer has been going smoothly but unfortunately from 4 mer shiteng to Umsyrpi has been suspended due to the lack of ownership of this land.
He also expressed his concern that the people of Mukroh will continue to face problems and violence, as this village has not been included in the boundary demarcation.
The Deputy Director, Bah D.Umdor spoke about some of the measures taken by NEIGRIHMS to raise awareness to reduce environmental pollution inside and outside the hospital.
Also present at the closing ceremony were the NDSA office bearers, the Football Committee office bearers and others who distributed the prizes to the teams that won the tournament. They reached the final and received special prizes.
Khliehriat, June 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has vowed to close down the NHAI revenue collection point at Lumshnong and Kuliang. Lumshnong if you don't know anything about this.
The tournament started with a clean song by the famous singer of our state, Samla Kyntiewlin Mawphniang, who entertained the audience with her clean song. which she sang before the start of the tournament.
Avoid public gatherings,The law is prohibited,Don't be afraid of Corona.
The school is for children aged 3 to 6 years in rural areas to help them acquire the knowledge to use computers, tablets and the Internet. (ICT).
T.Emcynora, Sd.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that he has traveled around the state and talked to the youth and athletes in various sports.
Besides, Bah Donbok said that the current situation does not have any incidents of violence and the allegation of such incidents is groundless, but through this order all The residents of East Khasi Hills have been deprived of their rights and freedoms of expression, travel and to hold public meetings, rallies and others through the That is, while peaceful protests, processions and others have been held without any violation of the rules in all parts of the city.
“On this occasion, at the meeting held today, we decided to write a letter to the Prime Minister to clarify on this occasion because we have the right to know the situation in the MDA government,” he added.
On Saturday, we will know the name of the new MLA of Sohiong from among the seven candidates who have contested including Bah Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, Bah S Osborne Kharjana of the Sohiong. Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP, Stodingstar Thabah of the TMC and Serap Eric Kharbuki of the BJP. UDP. However, we don't know the opinion of the voters.
There is a big difference between the Garo and Khasi-Pnar when it comes to the Roster System and the Reservation Policy.
On the 23rd of March, the Tem will also perform their most famous songs in Shillong.
The JSU acknowledged that the Commandant of BSF has promised to take action to look after the border to avoid any tragic incident and urged the people and the village soldiers to cooperate and provide information if there is any suspicion. the movement of people on the border and immediately inform the troops.
Bhalang has been appointed as a Peon in the office and will join on the 18th of this month.
The union urges the authorities to be vigilant especially in the border areas as the people living in the border areas often face theft and crime. that is, they destroy the fields, the crops, and the livestock.
Many residents of the area, since the first time until now, have been alleging that the cause is the dewbilat factories, especially those on the other side of the river which includes the two factories. StarCement or CMCL and MCL or Topcem Cement among others.
The traffic jam affected only vehicles heading to Shillong, while vehicles coming from Iew to Upper Shillong were not affected.
They also said that they have set a time to distribute food.
On the other hand, Kong P.Lyngdoh, who spoke on the occasion, expressed her happiness that she has been invited to this school as a former teacher.
Bah Batskhem urged the people of Garo Hills to join hands with the VPP in the effort to bring about change in the political system of Meghalaya where the political leaders will have responsibility for the people and will work. with the right for the welfare of the people.
The President of the Narpuh Border Area Circle, Ma Harvis Dkhar, has confirmed the office bearers of the Narpuh Border Area Circle.
The prices of agricultural products such as tympew and others have declined as kwai has been allowed to be imported from other states.
The General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Donald V Thabah, said that the KSU is not against the railway to Meghalaya, but there should be strong laws to protect the people from the railway. oppression of other nations.
She congratulated all the student leaders for their support to Meghalaya to hold this programme.
Therefore, the Dorbar Khliehshnong, Sohra has ordered that no one shall be allowed to enter the areas under its jurisdiction, such as Noh-Ka-Likai Valley, the road to Daiñthlen Valley and all the lands of the Village Council, Sohra.
The couple who run the food shop inside the square have been arrested by the police,” said Bah Mawrie.
Therefore, the two parties urged the HNLC to show by its actions and respect what the government has put before it.
Poilangson Thawmuit scored 51 runs off 28 balls.
Shillong, July 28: The Mairang Maxi Cab Owners Association (MMCOA) has decided to stop operating on 1st June 2014 due to illness.
According to the rules laid down by the government, those who take VRS will receive a salary for four years and the salary will include basic and DA. “It will be a loss of lives,” said Bah Nongsteng.
The poor man thinks he will be happy when he becomes rich, but he has his own judgment which the poor man does not know, says the proverbs of Aesop.
He said that the complaint of Bah Seibor Myrsing from the family of Kong Rinolis Makhroh against the Rangbah Shnong, is only for the reasons of the village council, because the family has fought against the Rangbah Shnong. The village council, with the intention of forcibly destroying the village forest, which is also a forest that the village has maintained and intending to turn it into a Law Kyntang.
At the same time, he urged the NGOs to cooperate to curb these acts of violence in order to preserve the beauty of the Myntdu River.
Besides, there is not a single story to tell of the victory of the Hima Khasi Jaintia and the difficulty of the troops to cross the Brahmaputra River.
Therefore, 5 years cannot provide completely and more is needed to continue to bring about development in the district from now on.
According to the information received, this ritual has been going on since the reign of the Jaintia kings.
The family members of these children said that Cafinia Nongsiej and Maianylla Nongsiej are the children of Bitiful Nongsiej and Alexander. Priest of Light.
The Union hopes that this order will come into force immediately so that the garbage will be cleaned from these places. The Union also expresses its gratitude to the Meghalaya High Court for taking action. this is the problem of many people.
Kordor's two goals gave Hynniewtrep a victory.
Although I know that many people cut down trees, that unity and mutual responsibility can be protected.
Sohshang said that the people also urged Gabriel Wahlang MLA of Nongstoin who is also an MDC, Sahakliar Warjri MLA of Mawthadraishan and Jambor War MDC of Mawthadraishan. They have met to discuss the wishes of the people of these four polling stations which have up to nine villages.
The SSP said that out of the 14 injured, only two were seriously injured.
Tiehbah village is not far from Nongstoin and to reach this village is still difficult at the rainy port but it is still difficult at the rainy port where vehicles have not been able to pass the road for 100 days.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has requested the Ministry of Civil Aviation to declare and recognize Shillong Airport as an International Airport.
According to sources, the girl was the victim of a traumatic incident in November last year when she was molested by her son.
The Minister in charge of Handloom and Textile, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh inaugurated the Design Innovation Resource Centre. Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani, Ri Bhoi DC Arpit Upadhyay, Commissioner Secretary Handloom and Textile Department, FR Kharkongor and village leaders and residents of Umden area.
It may be recalled that on the 23rd of this month, the MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency who is also the Minister of State, Bah Sanbor Shullai, opened the two gates to enter Laban Constituency. The Christmas and New Year greetings were opened at the Jesus Christ Crib Gate, one at Harrison Bridge Last Stop Laban and the other at Red Cross Bridge Laban.
This has affected the entire West Khasi Hills, including the homes of farmers.
Meghalaya failed to create another chance and the match ended in a 1-1 draw in the first half.
Regarding the symbol of the TMC, the former CEM said that it is like a medicine that has no sign effect and once drunk, if only by luck the disease is cured.
He requested the Minister to take action to bring peace and stability in the constituency.
The meeting was conducted by Aiti Shylla and speeches were delivered by the President of the Sein Kur, Pyrkhat Shylla, Laitsing Shylla, Meshak Shylla and Jesmica Shylla. also the office bearers of various units of the Khasi Jaintia Hills Union.
Shillong: Two leaders, including SG Esmatur Mominin, MLA of Phulbari constituency, who have resigned from the post of MLA of Phulbari constituency, have joined the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress party on Wednesday. Former MLA Robinus Syngkon, MLA of Mokaiaw Constituency and MDC of Jaintia Hill District, Shillong, today held a welcoming ceremony at Pine Wood Hotel Shillong. Council (JHADC).
The JSU does not agree to oppose only this one route of trade through the Tamabil port because compared to the import of goods from Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat or other states, that their route passes through different states and districts to reach Amlarem or Dawki and also has many entry points and stops such as dhabas and others. .
According to Conrad, the reason why the employees of GHADC have not received their salaries is because of the mismanagement of the Mukul Sangma government which has not released the share of GHADC. The Congress government has not released the full share of the GHADC which should have received billions and for this reason, the GHADC has faced problems,” he said.
Regarding the incident, the President of KSU West Khasi Hills, John Fisher Nongsiang said that the incident occurred because of the presence of sheep dressed in sheep's milk like Pailostar Syiemlieh. He also has income from Meghalaya and Assam and it is the presence of such a person that has caused the conflict in the Langpih area.
He said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has agreed to upgrade Mairang Civil Sub-Division to a full district and Mawryngkneng PHC to CHC. The right to upgrade Laskein C&RD Block to Civil Sub Division and to create Wapung C&RD Block which the Prime Minister has promised to implement at any time when the government receives funds.
Nongpoh: The leaders of four political parties in the state, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, today visited Byrnihat and held a meeting with the village leaders from dozens of villages. The purpose of the meeting was to seek their support on the demand of the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and also to demand the confirmation and implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety & Policy. Security Act (MRSSA).
However, it was the wisdom of our ancestors at that time that worked in that ancient time.
Explaining the allegations of former CEM Titosstarwell, Bah Pynïaid said that the allegation of turnover is groundless, as they are not in the same party and have worked with the former CEM for four years. The numbers should not be accepted for a long time.
What kind of history should we write for the future? GOD WILL FIGHT WITH OUR NATION. in Guwahati, the report said.
KSU leaders and members, as soon as they arrived at the scene, went to remove the signboard, which was illegally erected by Assam. in this village.
Before the tournament, Bellingham had played in all four friendlies against Real Madrid in preparation for the season, scoring two goals. scored 10 goals in a friendly against Manchester United in Texas.
The murder of Meban Talang and his friend Sambun Dkhar was discovered today after the arrest of Meban and Sambun Dkhar.
In the days of Noah, people lived a life of immorality in marriage and marriage.
Mondal said the State Government respects the order of the High Court.
Tura, November 7: The Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) of East Garo Hills has ordered Deborah Marak and one of her supporters, Tennydard Marak, to appear before the High Court on 14th November The court summoned Deborah and Tennydard to appear before the police on charges of involvement with the GNLA. Deborah has been alleged to have used the GNLA to win the MLA elections, but the minister has denied the allegation.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of RSs, expressed his gratitude to the Union for being able to continue to do charity work. Christmas but due to the lack of time they struggled as much as they could to complete it before the New Year.
At the meeting, the two men agreed to live in peace and harmony and promised not to create any incident or ethnic tension in the area.
The All Meghalaya Dancers Association is not only an organization that looks after dancers or singers but is also ready to promote any talent that the youth have to bring fame to the state as a whole. Great Mercy Langte, Miss India Black Carpet, who won the title of Miss India Goodness Ambassador, was awarded with a trophy. day in Guwahati last month
After weighing, the drug weighed 34.44 grams.
He also demanded that the State Government should correct these mistakes and said that this should not happen again against the residents of the State.
The Chairman also informed that the Commission has started conducting written tests and other interviews for these vacancies in June and October this year.
The electricity supply went out at 12 noon while the school started closing at 1.30 or 2 pm.
“People here are not looking at the far, future profit.
Up to 10 rots have been brought to the Syiem Aitnar Pond including Panaliar, Loomkyrwiang, Dulong, Ummulong, Umshangiar, Chilliangraij, Ongpiah, Ladthadlaboh and Loomikjam.
In this regard, a District Level Appraisal Committee has been set up in the state with the members of the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police, District Medical and Health Officer.
This is the word of the judgment.
Speaking at the programme, Dr. Denisha G Momin, Medical Superintendent, Ampati Civil Hospital, expressed the need for voluntary blood donation. alone can save many lives.
Shillong, Naitung 6: After the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has demanded from the JHADC to get its own writing system in the Pnar language, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) War Jaintia Hills strongly opposed the JSU's demand and said that it is like dividing the nation into two parts.
On the other hand, the President of the RBYDSO, Bah Arnold Syngkli and the leaders of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) today came to clarify to the public on the statement of the MDC. The Karbi and Khasi, especially in Ri Bhoi, have a close relationship and there has never been any conflict in which they have been in peace for centuries.
Police have recovered 17 mobile phones from these suspects in connection with the theft of vehicles from one state to another especially between Meghalaya and Assam.
In the Sub Junior Girls category, the winners were Dadapbiang Lyngdoh (Upper Lumparing), Pynkmenlang Lyngdoh (Upper Lumparing) and Ibadarisuk Kynjai Sohshang (Mawprem).
Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal in the 90+6 minutes.
“We hope that with the introduction of the muit ongole, the State will be able to meet its own demand for cow slaughter,” he said.
Nongpoh: U Bah MG Kharshanlor, owner of Raindrop Restaurant in Saiden and owner of MG Project, today visited the Children's Home in Mawsyntai. The Fear.
Fifty-nine cases are from Dhubri, 14 from Nagaon district and one from Udalguri district.
But it brings only evil.
He is a man who brings peace and stability in the state.
He also alleged that the decision of the Meghalaya Government to grant the rights of the people to Assam is a violation of the Indian Independence Act which the Khasi Hills have gained independence and the Instrument of Accession.
He also said that every hotel or restaurant should plant a tree on July 5 and also take pictures.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawaka Laloo (IAS) was the chief guest in the presence of Prof. LR Gassah who gave a lecture on the history of Jaintia Hills. OR Shallam, Lammat-oo Laloo, Land Secretary SRJ and others.
The MLA together with the elders of Lawrapha village immediately went to inspect the damage to these fields and found out the facts.
Shillong, November 11: “We as students are surprised to see that the Chief Minister will distribute M-Tabs tomorrow when we students of 2015 and 2016 have not received M-Tabs at all. we were expecting it", the students told reporters today.
The HYC also sends its condolences to the families of those who have died of Covid-19 and also wishes all the best to those who have suffered from this disease and have been treated. They have been quarantined in their homes so that they can get a healthy body as soon as possible.
They are – Pastor Shanlang Warjri of Pyndengumiong, Mairang Constituency; Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh of Nongthymmai and Pastor HH Mohrmen of Riatsasim, Jowai Constituency.
Referring to the delay in the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule, Lambok said it is a negligence of the Indian government. The State Government has passed a resolution on these two issues and sent it to the Government of India for implementation.
Laskar said he had also approved the two-day or 48-hour period of protest as requested by Lotha, the BJP General Secretary in charge of Scheduled Tribes. He said he would not agree to lead Prime Minister Mukul Sangma to meet with Lotha on the third day of the meeting.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today refused to remove the Foreign Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui from his post over the incident at Mukroh on the 22nd of this month.
Regarding the demands, he said the KAS has demanded that the Khasi language be made the official language and that the Khasi language be included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Please ask the supplier.
I saw that my son had a difference.
This has confirmed the claim that "The JHADC is about to collapse"
The 12 MLAs who received the posts of Chairman are Sanbor Shullai Chairman of MTDC, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong Chairman of MGCC and Gavin Mylliem Chairman of KHADI Board.
Isaiah says of him – “He was despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief.
Many of the residents have expressed their concern about the increase in the price of goods.
The CID has arrested Naidu from Nandyal, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) said on Saturday.
The Minister also urged the Dorbar Shnongs and the public to join hands with the government to clean up the Umhrah River. The Shillong Municipal Board has also erected silver fences in the middle of the river in Demseiniong area. that the nights and the nights may remain in the middle, that it may be easy for the cleansers to cleanse them.
Kongthong village has about 150 households and about 560 inhabitants.
The memorial service was held at Umrasong Church, East Jaintia Hills District in a meeting conducted by Pastor Dwenty Nongtdu in the presence of Umrasong Church students, college students and members of the Trust Committee.
To strengthen and develop forest areas in the state, the Forest Department has planted about 769 hectares of trees under various schemes in the year 2021-2
The National Youth Volunteer from Mawryngkneng, Bah Kynsaibor Kharkongor, who conducted the Yuva Utsav, said that the four goals are to develop India, to free the mind from slavery. , to be proud of the heritage of the ancients, to bring unity in the country and responsibility among the citizens.
Three SWKH bowlers took two wickets each including James Clifford Shylla (2/23), Iainehskhem Lyngkhoi (2/28) and Dawanpynkmen L Rngaid (2/36).
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has conducted raids at various railway stations under the jurisdiction of the North Frontier Railway (NFR). people, including 36 children, 2 persons with disabilities, 2 women and 2 girls, were rescued.
We have been forced in the most terrible and 'wild ways.
T Lyngwa, District Election Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, in his opening remarks, said that after the announcement of the date of the election and the implementation of the The Model Code of Conduct has sent the groups to remove the posters and flags along the roads. any government property and if they want to put flags or stickers on vehicles they have to apply through the Returning Officers of the two constituencies.
Saleng said that as a sign of respect to the late MLA, all political parties in the state should not nominate candidates against the family of SK Sun. to allow the family of Bah SK Sun to lead from this area.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing.
On this occasion, the new office bearers of the Mawlangwir Youth Association were sworn in by Bah Koland Lyngdoh, Secretary of Mawlangwir Village. M.Marweiñ, Mawlangwir Village Women's Association, P.Nongsiej, Village Defense Party.
However, in response to this, Titosstarwell said that there is no such thing alone and any work of the Council has been done in consultation and knowledge.
Another App, cVIGIL, is a new mobile application for the residents to report fraud, distribution of money during elections and others, he said.
Similarly, the Dkhar men rob their Dkhar women who fight with the indigenous men, especially the Khasi men, and they don't even feel sorry for them.
“We have five teachers for the children and according to the government's guidelines, there should be one teacher for 50 students and in our school, there are five teachers who complete the work man today”, said the Principal.
The results showed that there are many candidates who do not fall into the Unreserved category and therefore the ABVP demands that the recruitment of teachers should be suspended immediately. They also demanded that an inquiry be conducted into the incident.
The AJYWO has expressed its regret over the lack of foreigners who have licenses and accused the JHADC of not being able to implement the Trading by Non-Tribal Act. 2011 and asked whether the JHADC is not aware that foreign shops without trading license are open in Ladrymbai, Sookilo, Phramer, Khliehriat, War, Umkiang, Ratacherra and other villages.
However, as the NIOS has not yet issued the certificate, the government has returned the application forms.
There are many lessons that we can learn from this problem which the people of Jowai have been facing for more than a decade.
The students also showcased their drama skills on this day, which the school has its own Production Team.
Now that the four VPP MLAs have decided to sit in the Opposition and it is only the Seng Riewlum to sit in the Opposition, it is up to these four MLAs what their role is. They have been in the Opposition for the past 10 years and this is what will strengthen Prah until the elections or even the MP elections.
In the past few days, many people have complained about the increase in the price of beverages but I have told them that when you go to buy something in the shop you should ask for a cash memo so that no one can take advantage of this. and they shall be punished according to their works.
He said that during the inspection by the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in which he was present, only about 50 households were affected by the cold weather. He said that he will inform the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the Meghalaya government.
Psalm 71:1-24.
He agreed that the government would set up a committee comprising members of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), members of the opposition and the government on this issue to achieve this goal.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Huroi Unit today sent a statement to the state government and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Huroi Unit. The Leader of the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, to provide immediate assistance to these villages on the border with Bangladesh as these villages are currently in trouble in terms of food items. drinking, transportation and especially in terms of illness and due to the new construction of the road, the residents of these villages are now living in a state of extreme poverty.
It is believed that the 'namding' fell outside the residential areas of Japan on that day.
So he decided to go to a doctor.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has denied that the government will name the Polo Market as Times Square.
Tynsong said that once this road is completed, from Iew Shella, they can come to the new market, they can come to Lyngkhat market and they can come to Dawki market and they don't have to walk anymore. They are on the main road, but they are on the border road.
In the District Council, we have discussed this issue from time to time and last year, the entire House supported my proposal to oppose the arrival of the railways here.
The path that leads to the work is clear and accountable.
And if there is a lack of mental thinking, it can change them until they are able to walk, stand, talk and talk.
We have requested T.77.13 crore from the central government to restore the forests of the district council,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that ACHIK has held a strike to demand from the state government to implement the roster from behind in the recruitment process and also to make Tura the capital of Tlang.
“Let it be right because they start doing it again then the work we think is right.
However, Vondrousova fought hard and beat Svitolina to win.
But the most important thing is that which affects our Mationg.
The Manipur government is now ready to evacuate these Meitei people, the report said.
Not only that, she alleged that her husband had relationships elsewhere with those who are still involved with the family.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
God says to people, how can they be redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ who was born into this world, but people still want to be slaves of sin again? Christmas is the day of the incarnation of the Son of God into the world, not in slavery, but in a free spirit of joy, because he has delivered man from slavery.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga has been left alone during the talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi today because he does not understand Hindi at all. .
The Home Guard, Reganson Kharlor, searched for the suspects and arrested only one of them with a pla in his hand.
Those who are hardhearted and selfish have no place in love.
Up to 19 members of the party have come forward to contest the election to hold the post of party leader for a term of three years.
Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh has tested positive for covid-1
After that, he will continue to fight in Delhi against 17-time world champion Aliu Bamidele Lasisi from Nigeria on 25th November.
As a leader, he said that he has also taken the initiative to turn the Mawtawar Stadium into a National Stadium in the area.
“The Congress meeting will be held tonight to discuss and look at the names that come forward,” Sangma said.
If we had supported him from the beginning, we would have joined the Cabinet”.
The new Act – The Press and Registration of Periodicals Bill, 2023 facilitates the registration and registration of newspapers through the online platform without the need to go out in person.
Peter T Passah, MCS, Project Director, District Rural Development Agency, was the chief guest to witness the final. , members of the office bearers of the Meghalaya State Badminton Association and East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association.
However, he said that since then no signs have been seen that the KHADC will restore the forest and it has remained the same as it is now.
We can also say that the party is the elder brother of all the parties in the state,” said the President.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah S.Syiem before handing over the post of Minister to the full time Minister of the village expressed his satisfaction that the village has long been waiting for a full time minister. Since the death of Ma Thomlin Byrsat, the election for the post of Minister was held on 28th November and Bah Balentine won by counting of votes.
A total of 228 people have recovered from the disease.
Conrad, who is also in charge of the tourism department, said that the festival will be one where the whole world will come to witness the beauty of the state.
Doctors at the government hospital in Bundi have removed 116 pieces of wire and copper from the stomach of a 42-year-old man in Bundi, Rajasthan. .
In this regard, the Seng will distribute this award only to the youth from West Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Conrad K Sangma said that the police intelligence department has worked hard to curb crimes which could disrupt the peace and order in the state and through the intelligence agencies many arrests have been made. Three persons carrying weapons in Garo Hills.
Because of the excessive bloodshed, these four men died.
Johnson proposed to Symond during a holiday to Mustique in the Caribbean, after his party won the November elections. in the year
He said that the party hopes and requests that the Prime Minister will accept what is for the benefit of the people of the state, especially in these times of income crisis, concluded the letter from Bah Roy Kupar Synrem. , General Secretary HYC CEC.Shillong: The Government has decided to increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and diesel by T.5 per litre. liters, since midnight this morning, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
This organization includes those people who have left the industry, the women who used to prostitute and also the brokers who used to earn a living by running prostitution.
The theme of this program is, “I am the culture, I am the nation”.
However, on 19.12.2014, Piyush Srivastava, leader of the Dharan Jagran Samiti, a branch of the Sangh Parivar, said that by 2021, India will become a Hindu country. India will become a Christian and Muslim country in
Mynsngat Khanduli MDC Dawan Lyngdoh has urged the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills to expedite the distribution of food aid to the rural areas. They don't have enough food to feed their children and they don't want to go to the shopkeepers' houses to ask them to open shops to buy food.
The meeting was attended by Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, NPP leaders in Ri Bhoi and thousands of supporters of the NPP in the constituency.
If there are no Khasi dialects available throughout the Khasi-Pnar country, these dialects cannot be used in special places, special places of care or special places.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced a donation of T.1 crore to the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound. school which happened early Sunday morning.
"“There are members of the party who have come to tell me and according to what I have heard, there are one or two of them.
“Because it is a clean case, the officers and employees of the department have been in quarantine until the condition of the employee is confirmed and until the cleaning is completed. “It's a good idea to have a clean house,” said YS Shullai, Principal Conservator of Forests and Environment.
“Some of the residents informed the WhatsApp number provided by the Shillong Traffic Police and the police immediately arrested the driver of the vehicle,” said Bah Swer.
the whole of the Jaintiapur Hima.
However, in the days when the government has released the purchase of food items, it has been found that people do not feel the need to follow the orders of the government and some of the Dorbar Shnongs do not want to cooperate with the government. Government to monitor and explain to the people the need to follow the directives of the Government.
One of the Ministers and Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has said that he has no intention of contesting the election to the Legislative Assembly. Shillong Parliamentary Assembly to pass a law.
We have to work together to overcome any problems,” said the senior Congress leader.
He has written many books on Khasi culture and tradition.
Shillong, June 18: U Minister of Secondary Education Rakkam A Sangma today informed that the state government is preparing to include some of the subjects or curriculum of the Central Board of Secondary Education. CBSE) in schools in the state which fall under the MBoSE.
The Chief Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies have been transferred to James PK Sangma. by the Department of Energy.
“When you say install smart meters but you don't need meter inspectors, it doesn't make sense but it's like cheating us.
He said that at present, the landslide in parts of the Myntdu River has increased especially due to the construction of the By Pass road from Khliehtyrshi to Treïongriang.
Statement by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit – According to the information received by the media from the speech of the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister regarding the ILP, in which they expressed their support. Ardent Basaiawmoit has said that the ILP can be implemented only by a NOTIFICATION of the state government. , but at this time as Prestone Tynsong has said in the media that the last announcement issued by the CM regarding the ILP is 11th November
Many others who become rulers become enemies, insulters, insulters and violators of the rights of the people.
These MLAs make us happy only two or three months before the elections and after that they give money to the people who come to them while they do the work they should do like improving schools and select qualified teachers rather than political ones; to think of job creation and to improve agriculture and all roads and bridges.
Another reason why the show was so successful was because at the end of the shoot, Josh Appelbaum and Daniel Weil announced that they would leave the show with Joe. Russo, who took over, had to start over from scratch and the cost was double.
“Besides health, good mindset, we also want good economic development and that Meghalaya, rich in culture, customs and traditions, etc., will grow and prosper. TMC stands for that.
“We have created stricter rules for foreigners when they apply for trading license,” said the EM of Trade.
The decision taken by the government to relocate the residents of Ïew Themmawlong, which is known as the metor, is expected to be implemented before the 2023 MLA elections.
“Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya has taken the initiative to send doctors who do not have certified programs to return to the State in a short period of time and to go back to hospitals. I don't have a service,” she said.
The committee has elected Jersom Shylla as Chairman, Treiborlang Suchen General Secretary as Vice Chairman, Sambormi Lyngdoh as Secretary and Joint Secretaries including U.S. JYF President OL Tariang and Roitre Dkhar.
When we have opened that story to that goal, it will also be necessary for us to allow other political parties to express their views on the Job Reservation Policy”.
Two brothers and sisters were robbed of their mother's clothes and the reason was that they would not be robbed, because the mother was going to the market to buy herself, the report said.
“On the part of the Trade Department, we have already issued public notices. You should not say that you don't know. our commercial areas we issued public notices" he said.
She said that those who have reached the age of 18 years can register by filling up Form 6, 6A, 7 and Form
Speaking to media, Banteidor said that the sports department has helped the team which has become a source of pride for the state. This time, the players of the state represented India.
“If the people still take time to understand how to elect leaders, we will not have leaders who have the power to think how to develop the state and that is why development works are not there," he said. Mr. Warjri.
He urged the people to give their full cooperation so that the constituency and the district as a whole can move forward in all aspects of development.
There is also room for improvement in the rules for the Christmas Carol of various Christian churches in the state.
New Delhi: President Ram Nath Kovind today signed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019 into law.
As a result of this, the teacher was suspended from October 2017 to November
Laksein C&RD Block, the oldest block in West Jaintia Hills District, has been upgraded to Sub-Division status.
“A meeting has been held with senior officials of the MoRD, Government of India to review the implementation of various schemes by the Ministry, considering the objectives of the for the next five years in the development of villages and communities.
They went to find a place for the two of them to live and put the money in the cave.
Therefore, we are here to express our solidarity with the Prime Minister, that peace will continue to do good deeds and we ensure that India will be free from corruption,” said Kharkrang.
So she set a time on Saturday in the evening to tell her father, who was very sorry.
The KSU understands that we need development, but at this time it is not long to talk about development by bringing foreigners.
Rohit Rai took seven wickets and Terry Dkhar took two wickets.
I am making this wooden bowl to give you when you are old, said the son.
Therefore, the MSOA was pleased to have this meeting to move forward.
The East Jaintia National Council has launched an investigation and condemned the incident and has lodged a complaint against Phul Dkhar and her husband Shiar Phawa at Ladrymbai Beat House.
The NDRF is now operating well in Kharkutta, Bajengdoba and Resubelpara.
The KHNAM State Youth will be in charge of the working methods of the KHADC and will not hesitate to take action if there is any sting from the relevant authorities, said a statement from Bah Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth. Wing.
The Defense Minister's visit was for the plenary session of the North Eastern Council (NEC) in which the Chief Ministers of other North Eastern states will also attend.
He said that the scheme has a lot of expensive equipment and these include the price of PC, chair, table, UPS worth up to T.3 lakh each and when purchased 100 typically, thus resulting in a loss of billions of rupees.
The Government has extended the term of office of KHADC and JHADC to 15 days while that of GHADC to 6 months.
They flesh one after the other.
He said that recently the party leaders had met with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and MP Vincent Pala to look into the matter.
The owners of those places didn't say anything.
Before that, we saw that thousands of people were involved in the coal mining industry.
Israeli offensives continued in Gaza on Sunday.
He said that the police in uniform as soon as they arrived at the scene, got out of the vehicle and beat the members of the two parties without allowing them to speak.
“It is not the HYC's statement that they want to defeat the BJP to get the ILP, but they (the BJP) say,” he said.
On Thursday, 11 new cases were confirmed, one person died, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
Speaking at the awards ceremony, Rachel said that taking part in Miss Shillong has encouraged her to continue in the competition.
In his speech, Dr. Kevichusa recalled the strong foundation of Bethany Hospital, its spirit of service, care and determination.
He added that the state government should arrange for an honorarium for the months of November and July to be paid together for these months, so that the day laborers do not celebrate Christmas together like others.
It is to be recalled that recently Lapangap village has been in the midst of a stir due to the clashes between the Karbi and Pnar people which has also led to the shooting of birds, throwing stones and others.
“On that day, one of the presidents of one party promised us that the MLAs who had fled to the other side (the NPP) would come back.
The keynote address was delivered by Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle who is also the Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle.
The purpose and objective of the election campaign, the election campaign in the villages, townships and areas, is to clarify and communicate the Manifesto of the party on the principles of the candidate. and the party stands to inform the public, in accordance with the rules of the Election Commission empowered by the Constitution of India.
This shows that those people who have been able to open shops have other better jobs to do for themselves.
He was also appointed as ADC to the President of the country.
This action of the government does not take into account the people who every day have to work hard even to get adequate food, who endure the rain, the wind, the heat of the sun.
