He said the BJP has already held meetings with the madrassa authorities and at that meeting a decision was taken to close down another 300 madrassas.
On the 15th June 2019, there was an overturning of a khwai shynreh, which overturned at Laimer midway and it took two days to pull the vehicle off the highway.
Objective: To preserve culture, to bring peace and stability, and to improve income in the border areas.
Champer was represented by his lawyer, Advocate Sujeet Dey.
Prof.Emi D.Sumer, explained about Environment Conservation.
Do not be surprised at this, because the Jews in Israel have believed in him.
“If you look at the Budget, the State Government says it doesn't have the money.
Therefore, we want to maintain peace first.
If you look at the election issues of the party, we say that the Reservation Policy needs to be reviewed as many churches have said that it is not adequate.
It’s hard to imagine.
Police are investigating the driver of the truck who is a foreigner and are also conducting investigation to find the owners of the truck.
"Kmie Bah Shanbor replied in surprise. "Where, where?" He asked Kong Lumspah and she said, "Lok.
Although she has been involved in Bollywood for many years now, she has never had the opportunity to act in action films and feels that in the future she will have to think carefully about it.
Also present on the occasion were Navanita Mahanta, Deputy Director, NHB, Guwahati, Kong F Sun, District Horticulture Officer, Bank Officers, State Bank of India, Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, Axis Bank, NE Small Finance Bank, farmers, members of FPOs/FPCs, Cooperative Societies and SHGs. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of ITI. Institute for the benefit of the youth especially those youth who have dropped out of school and earlier the union has demanded that there should be an ITI in the district.
The winner also received a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka while Friend United, the runner-up, received 20,000 tyngka and a trophy.
The fourth part does not need to be said as we all know that the author is REV.DR.JOHN ROBERTS who has been known to all.
The Government, however, has its own problems (such as the closure of entry points into the State) where as the disease increases, the cost of labour, the need for people, increases and not only that, but there were a few who were brave, while there were many who were afraid or did not dare to go to their own work.
Hadrian said that he was sent to the meeting by the CEM of KHADC, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, because he was invited by the Hima Mylliem. “I don't feel anything, I just came to fulfill my duty,” said Hadrian.
Shillong, July 04: The All Khasi Meghalaya Tourist Taxi Association (ATA) has decided not to operate in Assam on the 5th and 6th of this month due to the protest by commercial vehicles in Assam against the Bharatiya Act. Nyay Sanhita, the law against drivers who flee after hitting people.
Absolutely,,,Mr.Speaker.
Shillong, October 30: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) in charge of Meghalaya, Luzinho Faleiro, on Tuesday directed the MPCC President DD Lapang to order that all MLAs, party leaders and Faleiro said he has received information that some Congress leaders in the constituencies intend not to support the party candidate in this election. the election.
Bah Ryngkatlang said he hopes that the UDP will win in 2023 and the party should also win from Mawkynrew and other neighboring areas. The party should be hardworking and determined to win the party's candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency.
This morning, they went down to search for the body again and found it.
Nongstoin: There have been many protests against the Dkhars from Assam and the attacks of Assam on West Khasi Hills, but this time, there has been a protest against the cows from Assam and the reason is The price of beef cattle from Assam is only 90 tyngka per kilo in Nongstoin, while the price of beef cattle from Nongstoin is 240 tyngka per kilo.
Jowai, November : The Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) today opened a Drop in Center for Senior Citizens at MCSWA Head. Office, Faith Academy Campus, Moosalangkat, Salaroh Road, Jowai.
Disparsing Rani said that the police have done this without any order to inform the drivers. He said that he has had a discussion with the SP and the SP has said that they will punish him. There was no discussion on the parking space at Khyndailad.
The school is located at Mukhla, a village about 10-12 kilometers from Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District.
“The Reservation Policy without the Roster System makes no sense,” Conrad said after opening the MDA meeting this evening.
The fact is that 90% of the members of the Committee and Government officials of various departments who will decide on sports activities will be people who have no knowledge of sports and do not know how to play sports. .
Rakesh Mohon Kotwal and Binod Singhi were arrested from Silchar yesterday and will be taken to New Delhi today for further investigation.
A psychiatrist from MIMHANS has decided to discharge him from the hospital.
“You have brought pride to the entire State.
He said that as an MDC, he cannot accomplish his tasks as he wants because of the small power and small tyrnem he holds in his hands. As one of the candidates for the Mawhati MLA election from the Congress party, Bah Charles has asked for the support and encouragement of the people to tied the problems of the people of Mawhati. Mawhati because the tyrnem is not in the hands of the people.
He said that a new notice for auction will be issued after a thorough inspection according to the availability of coal.
Nongpoh: Tens of thousands of members of the Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi District today attended the 22nd CE Union Synod Service of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Church. Synod which was held for three days at the Syngku Church in Ri Bhoi.
He also said that the students as students are in the field to shape their bright future and therefore they need to be diligent in their studies.
Replying to the speech of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Dr Mukul said, “I see that the Chief Minister has said not to worry about the CAB because those who apply for citizenship are only those who come first. 31 November 2014".
The Alto 800 was hit by a pump and a front and back.
Regarding the players, he said that people respect them especially in the West, adding that he has visited Barcelona, ​​Spain and France in the past two or three days. past.
Students of Ri Bhoi College have started to celebrate this day by holding a march in Nongpoh carrying placards and banners with slogans against smoking. for human health.
Assam has increased its medal tally by winning 3 Silver and 2 Bronze medals while Manipur has won 4 Silver and 2 Bronze medals.
Conrad also took the opportunity to explain to the public about the flagship programs of the Government including FOCUS and FOCUS+.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said the government will continue to discuss the border settlement until the end.
On this occasion, the public and school children were enlightened to avoid evils and drug abuse is a serious evil in the society.
CP Gotmare, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, will be appointed as Secretary, GLSN Dykes, Joint Secretary, Education Department, will be appointed as Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills.
For any treatment, the price will be reduced by up to 10 percent except for special treatment.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya Farmers' Parliament will stand firm on its principle – to promote sustainable agriculture by preserving traditional farming methods and to take new measures to ensure the quality of agriculture. changes in the agriculture sector.
He said that according to the principal, the purpose of this is to bring order in the dress code and safety especially for the young women.
In his speech, Bah SC Laloo said that this tree planting program is part of the celebration of Nature Month where people should understand the value of trees, birds. the flesh, the animals, and the wild beasts that fill the universe according to God's order.
In this regard, the UDP Sohiong-Nongspung Circle invites all the people from the villages and neighboring villages to take the time to attend this day, said a statement from Bah RA Lyngdoh (Bah Tin) President of the Circle.
The Prime Minister and the MHA (Ministry of Home Affairs) have better information because they have their own tools to know which politician has links with the insurgents”.
Farmers have been trained to make these medicines using materials that are easily available from the village.
We have seen that even in this state.
Similarly, in history we read only about kings or only from the point of view of conquerors or rulers.
The deadline for receipt of applications will be on the 27th November and the age check will be on the 28th of this month at the club office at 10am.
A man has escaped from a truck with Rajasthan registration number plate, when his scooty was hit and dragged from Civil Hospital to Barik Point near Step-by-Step School. occurred in the early hours of July 13 at about 1 o'clock.
He said that when he went to explain to the people, some of them said that this recruitment is too difficult.
After the doctors found nothing and found her healthy, Sister Anne was sent back to Shillong where she stayed until her last days.
There are government schemes for farmers but how can you do that scheme if you don't have land, where can you farm and where can you raise livestock or fish if you don't have your own pond? Organization is very important before starting agriculture or any other business.
Every year Behdieñkhlam is celebrated in November after the planting of rice and is also the most important dance of the Jaintia people.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start and had many chances, but could not score until the end of the first half.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said, “Regarding the MOU, let the people of the state understand that if they want to allow the AITC to rule the state, This means that the AITC wants to ensure that the status quo will continue on the border until the end of the world.
Until today, the 17th of this month, the street at Khyndailad or Police Bazar has been filled with people who want to watch movies.
He recalled that in the past there have been many protests and strikes and the resurgence of this issue is due to the state government's attempt to misuse the Roster System.
Will the chairperson of the SWC dare to take any decision against that minister? I don't think it's very difficult because you don't have to ask the shajrong to clean up the actions of that minister.
Like a father who works and provides for the family.
I don't know what you understand losing in 2019," he said.
“We have faced many challenges in the past.
He said that those who grow riewhadem in their gardens do not harvest riewhadem anymore, because the same insect eats the ryewhadem from an early age by entering from the clear and squeezing into the jyntang.
We may be in the midst of many games or games, but there are no leaders.
Let us fight as much as we can to protect and protect the sources of gold and silver water and while the streams, rivers, ponds, streams and rivers are still flowing, there is still hope.
KSU Nangbah has distributed PPE & Face Masks to the Village Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Nangbah and to various religious leaders in the village.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the raid on the farm house of BJP State Vice President Bernard N Marak was made after the police seized sufficient evidence and does not find there was any direction or interference on his part.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The FKJGP (FKJGP) on Tuesday said that the government's threat to arrest three leading political parties is only a threat by the government to the leaders who stand on the ground to demand the rights of the people. ILP to protect the nation.
“Our hatred of others should not be a curse to us.
At the time of writing, the cause of the accident or the severity of the injuries was not known.
Khliehriat Lber 18: The office of the Acting Doloi of Sutnga Elaka, has expressed its concern over the issuance of Land Holding Certificate by the office of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council to individuals who went to register land within the Elaka. Sutnga are the places reserved by the ancients, which are the ancestors for the use of the children of the area.
It is because of the openness of this place, that many times the children used to come and play in this place and one day, on the 17th of November 2019, while the children of the village were playing here. Devin Sohtun, 9 years old, has fallen into one of these wells, but with the courage of Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, he has escaped. and rescue this child from a traumatic experience.
Another flyover near Lord Mahavira Park will join this flyover to Dawki Road.
“This follow-up is also part of raising awareness among the public that through ART, people living with HIV can live a normal life and protect themselves from discrimination,” he said. said the DC of East Jaintia Hills District.
Kong Kmoiñ was also present who won the category of Veteran.
East Jaintia Hills is also proud that Halender Nongtdu, who led India as captain, won against Bangladesh in the SAFF U-20 Championship held in Bhubaneswar.
The truck, which overturned last night, has now been towed by six vehicles, which had up to six vehicles to tow the truck and also the driver of the vehicle, who died. hashen, I'm going to kill you today.
A child who has gone to college gets everything he wants.
However, what is also memorable is the supporters of NOTA, who up to 11,800 people lined up to support Lyer NOTA, who won somehow, Bah Peter Shallam.
It was also understood that if the Jowai Municipal Board does not take action on this issue, the HSYF will not take responsibility if anything untoward happens.
In reply, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, promised that the government will protect and protect the people and will do whatever is necessary.
Lambert Priest.
The decision was taken today that the BJP will not tolerate any corruption, which was brought by Bernard Marak, Vice President of the BJP. .
The NPP has won Jason Sawkmie Mawlong from 11th Umsning, Ampareen Lyngdoh from 16th East Shillong, Mohendro Rapsang from 18th West Shillong, Hamletson Dohling from 20th Mylliem and 23rd Shillong. - Samlin Malngiang and Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang from 33-Rambrai-Jyrngam.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Harsh Vardhan said, “The reason for setting up this office in Shillong is the desire of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who wants to solve the problems of the people in this area".
The names of the arrested were not released as the investigation is ongoing, said Vivekanand Singh.
Lk.9:58There are many people who talk like that writer these days because they want to gain.
The Shabong, Khyriem, Mukhim and Shallam kurs are shikurs although some of these kurs have more members in Jaintia Hills and others in the Khasi Hills.
Perhaps it could be for two reasons.
Before the elections, Narendra Modi changed his name and that is, he took his first name, Chowkidar and then he will follow the name Narendra Modi and so during these elections, we The BJP leader or the Prime Minister should be called Chowkidar Narendra Modi.
When they arrived at the lympung, before the start of the dance, they received a thanksgiving gift from the Tymmen U San Committee which was followed by a dance in all the nine skits.
The Olympiad was followed by the Torch Relay for the Chess Olympiad which started on July 19, 2022 at the Indira Gandhi Stadium, New Delhi.
The attitude of the 5,000 who followed Jesus is passed down to this day by Christians who attend conventions.
When inquired, Bah Tynsong said that the distribution of pig seeds has started from Mawryngkneng C&RD Block and after that the distribution will continue to other C&RD Block across the state.
Konyak, who is the president of the BJP in Mon district, said the Assam Rifles opened fire on the group, which accompanied him, while they were going to see for themselves. shooting death of coal miners, which happened yesterday.
The heavy rainfall in the past few days has destroyed the hills and rivers across the state and the people have faced difficulties in coming and going due to the poor roads across the state. district of the state.
However, on the other hand, although the government admits that it still has enough money after the ban on coal, the ban on liquor and the central government's refusal to spend lakhs of money without jobs, many government departments, When I went to ask for advice on the scheme, I didn't have the money.
Complete applications may be sent in the prescribed proforma to the “SUPERSCRIBINGPrescribed proforma of the application form can be downloaded in PDF format from Institute’s website more details, Please check officialNotification.
“We have also suggested that foreign financial assistance for the missionaries of the Christian Churches should be allowed and allowed.
During the two-day festival, there will be many performances and music by prominent bands and also those bands that are struggling to showcase their talent.
Earlier, Jandullah had admitted to the killing of 10 British climbers in Gilgit-Baltistan and the robbery of the Inter-Services Intelligence in Sukkur.
The MHRC has also notified the DGP to submit the Action Taken Report (ATR) and a detailed report within 10 months from the date of receipt of the order.
The anxiety and fear of the people is also different from that during the agitation.
China has warned that it will not allow foreign powers to interfere or deal with Taiwan because China does and has confirmed that the dew lynnong is right. for you.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Project Director of DRDA East Khasi Hills, Bah T.Passah who was the chief guest.
A Rupang reporter, who witnessed for himself, saw that at 11.30 am today, about 30.40 people were turning towards Motphran and they were blocked at Police who were on patrol around Motphran and it was at that time, that the stone throwing, the shooting started and when the police opened fire, the people started to retreat, in which the people came near Syiem Mylliem and the police also stopped to prevent the people from gathering lymbung and throwing stones at the police.
“Regarding Package-5 and Package-3 of the project, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “For Package-5, the tender has come to an end immediately after the NHIDCL is preparing the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for Package-3, which is for the construction of the bypass road at Pynursla. and the village headmen have decided not to oppose the construction of this by-pass road.
“The NHIDCL has promised to meet with us and others involved in the improvement of this road in April but the surprising thing is that there are only 5 to 10 employees,” he said. He said that according to the information, the road was scheduled to be completed on November 26, 2022 but it is unfortunate that there are many potholes along the road and it is not safe to walk and stand.
"Asked the mother, "What about Kongthei Daplin..." The daughter said, "I'll pay some money at home..." The mother said, "Yes, Mei..." The daughter obeyed. the work of the jams is done and she is ready to leave.
Eleven traders were on their way to Jadugre market when armed men surrounded them at Dumnikura, near Telekali forest.
Since 20th October 2021, the JMB has not been to Mynkjai and has transported garbage from Jowai to Marten, Mawiong.
In these 31 years of exploration, it has been found that many of the crematoria have streams inside them and have been shaped and decorated by the forces of nature along with various living creatures. bay.
Shillong, July 4: Most of the supporters of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) while only one or two of the others. four that party.
The report said that Bah Lambor has not applied for a ticket from the Congress and another reason is because he has tried to oppose the Delimitation Bill by meeting with the Governor and the MDCs of KHNAM. The Congress has talked to Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun to contest from Nongkrem.
The Annual Sports Meet of Krist Syiem Secondary School, Namdong has come to an end on Thursday.
The Directorate of Mineral Resources, Government of Meghalaya has called for a public awareness campaign for the coal owners in relation to the Supreme Court's order to ensure that coal mining is environmentally friendly to obtain a license and provide geological surveys. report, mining lease in accordance with the Scientific Coal Mining Plan of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rules,
They are therefore against the new Petrol Pump, which is being prepared to be built by Rohit Jain and they are surprised how he got the permission to build the Petrol Pump, which is located nearby. of this Wah.
According to a police statement, Boone and Flimchum came as tourists to Tezpur, Assam where they had stayed for the past few days.
According to research, getting a good night's sleep and getting up early helps the body and brain to relax properly and is also essential for all the health benefits in your body.
Khimmusniang scored 186 runs in 20 overs for the loss of four wickets.
The BJP won 18 seats in West Bengal in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the council has financial rules but they have not been implemented yet.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma first of all congratulated the leaders of AOTG&PCS, who have worked hard to run the Society, for the development of agriculture. Slasha doesn't have to use any kind of medicine.
First of all, the creamy layer of people in society, income and education! In the decisions of the Supreme Court, it was ruled that they no longer have the right to receive reception.
According to the documents received from the truck drivers, it is clear that these trucks carry a weight of 30 MT, but what is more difficult to see is that many vehicles are running in the same road. This is against the order of the court which issued the order to protect the damsite.
“The House elects to conduct the dorbar and as the leader of the CPP, the party elects,” said Manstudy.
The union requests the government to take action against those who stay abroad to allow them to return safely to their home country and when they return to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Well.
Shillong, November 07: The Shillong Civil Hospital has been one of the Government Hospitals which has attracted many government officials to visit it but according to information, there has been little change in the provision of hospitals. equipment and other patient service requirements.
The Fisheries Department of the State Government today issued a statement regarding this drug and said that if formalin gets too much into the human body, it can cause stomach ulcers. prayer, ignorance, suffering and can even lead to death.
Shillong, June 30: There are currently four active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
East Khasi Hills has 155 active cases, West Garo Hills 63, Ri Bhoi 45, West Jaintia Hills 38, South West Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 10, Eastern West Khasi Hills 15 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 12, West Khasi Hills 16 and East Garo Hills
The misleading of the electorate is that we elect only for our own benefit without thinking about the future of the nation.
Nongpoh: After the end of the final match between Lamare SC and Umtyrnga FC, today at Byrnihat Stadium, there was a stir in the middle of the stadium, until the linesman and referee who conducted the match Lamare SC has been involved in the incident. It is not known what caused the incident. It is not known what caused the incident. Lamare SC SC officials said that the Linesman and Referee did not follow the rules of the Linesman and Referee in the middle of the pitch. supporters to come to the field to cheer on the Linesman and Referees.
Lyngdoh said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Minister, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of Home Affairs, have indicated that the talks with the HNLC will be completed. still open.
Hopewell Elias Khariong, SDB, Writer and Thinker in Khasi Literature, on October 28, 2016, at H.Elias High School, Nongthymmai.
Speaking on the meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states, Sawkmie said that there may be no decision that these Chief Ministers can take today. however, they should take this decision based on a thorough knowledge of the situation and should also consider the opinion of the people involved before taking any decision.
About 2,500 athletes from all eight states of the North East will participate in the tournament in more than 17 sports.
He said the government's decision to extend the term of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) was to bring peace and order.
In the men's category, the winners are West Jaintia Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and East Khasi Hills.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board on 10th July has issued an order that all meat vendors should handle the meat properly to avoid spoilage and danger of selling to the public.
The District Council authorities have informed that they have not been able to raise funds to pay the suspended salaries of the employees who have long demanded to be cleaned up.
After this, the Rangbah Shnong, CEM and EM signed the certificate of approval. Finally, Bah W.Mathew Mawdkhap, Chairman of the Dorbar Khliehshnong Sohra, launched the ambulance. and the Chief Minister’s Special Development Fund 2021-2022.
Shillong: The Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Process T. Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that he himself is ready to contest the MP election from the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, but it is up to the party to decide whom it will elect.
Jowai: The NH-06, also known as Jowai-Badarpur Road, has been badly damaged especially in parts of Tongseng village and onwards to Umkiang.
Shillong, July 18: The East Khasi Hills Police today held a rally of the Village Defense Party (VDP) at Sohiong village. The rally was held in the area which includes Mawngap and Sohiong.
Shillong, Nailar 08 : The BJP Meghalaya on Monday admitted that there are several MLAs from other parties who want to contest from the party in the 2023 MLA elections.
In the years 2013 and 2018, this one has also disappeared.
He said that as one of those who has worked hard to develop the tourism industry in the state in the past years, if the people elect him, it will develop even more than it is now. It has become one of the new plates of the people of Sohra.
Physical fitness is essential.
The party said the new faces of the Congress are still in existence and will contest the elections to the State Legislative Assembly for the first time.
He also paid tribute to the Seng Biria U Khasi (SBUK) which teaches Khasi schools to foreigners to learn to speak Khasi.
They include Mawlai SC (SSA), 7 Wasa United (WJDSA), Pyndengrei SCSC (NDSA), Chipakkore FC (DFAT), RDBDSA, EJHDFA, Mawten SC (MDSA), Warima Youth Club (WDSA), Seng Samla Laitryngew (SSA- Sohra), Mulait United FC (SASA), Riangdo Youth Sports & Cultural Association (MSA), Wasa FC (RSA), Umkseh SC (TASA), Sein Pynbhalang SC (LBSA), Seven United Sports Social & Cultural Club (PDSA), Atong Matrik FC (BDFA), Langsning FC (SSA), Rangdajied United FC (SSA), Lumdiengngan SC (EBSA), Khliehmawlieh YC (NDSA via Playoff), Umrit SC (WRBSA) , Ladthadlaboh SC (WJDSA via Playoff), Shillong Lajong FC (SSA via Playoff), Selsella Sports Association (DSAT via Playoff) and Youth Club Pdengkarong (ASSA).
The step to create jobs is the most important in these times of shortage of government jobs, and if this job will become another way to help the environment how pleasant it would be to bring this is the news.
Olansing Suiñ reminded that the school teaches them not to seek government jobs but how to become citizens to build a better future for the future. to be leaders in various sectors of society.
However, during my tenure as MLA, I have got a suitable building for the market dwellers”.
The death toll occurred during the past two days of heavy rainfall.
The songs that inspire and touch the world include Natural Mystic, Exodus, Waiting in Vain, Jamming, One Love, Is This Love and Satisfy My Soul.
Until the end of the first half no one could separate which left the game 2-2
Dr. Deigracia Nongkynrih, Coordinator, NSS, NEHU, Department of Economics, NEHU, Prof.S. .Umdor and Assistant Director of Sports, NEHU N.Das.
West Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (WKC) beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 10 wickets in the Zone 1 (Group-B) of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament.
Therefore, the Dulir-juban-tyrwa Jied-lamkhmat is a published document which contains a statement of the principles, objectives, vision, policies and activities of the political party.
“As a Chief Minister, I have tried to work day and night, I have tried to go every day to the villages and meet the people who need my services.
Meanwhile, Umsning constituency has been built and Laitkroh constituency has been destroyed,” said Titos.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01 : Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday said that if the government wants peacefully, it can implement the demands of the Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU). Incentives and other demands, which they have put before the government through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh in recent days.
The meeting will be held at 11 pm at the ground floor of Pa'iem Laboius Syiem, Mawlai Mawroh.
“As a nation, I am not saying that we are in the middle of the night but I am saying that if we don't change in this 2023 elections, the time will come when we will have to breathe and wind and water is not far away,” said Bah Ardent.
As the Modi Government celebrates six years of service to the country, it is imperative to recognize the many welfare schemes implemented to empower and promote agriculture.
He recalled that in 2003, during the refugee period, Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Rouponsingh Ronghang, MLA of Assam, had promised to return this land to Meghalaya.
This shows that the EC cannot do its duty,” said Bah War.
The Congress party in Assam this month has once again announced that it will not cooperate with the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. will be held in Assam next year.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded from the PWD (RDS) Shangpung Division to improve the road from Nartiang to Jonglwit Barato.
Speaking after the inspection, Bah Renikton expressed his satisfaction that as the leader of the area, he has been able to visit the hospital again.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) has said that it will wait for the new Government to come to the Central Government before taking steps to look into the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution. Constitution of the Country.
Memorandum of Understanding signed in 2022 : A Memorandum of Understanding was signed on 15th March, 2022 between the Ministry, the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) and the National Forensic Sciences University (NFSU). ) to open a testing center for bodybuilding beverages.
Because it is surprising and difficult to answer questions that require man to answer and in a small amount of energy, he said, man has tried step by step.
The Aam Admi Party (AAP) has won only five seats, although it has not won many.
Representatives from the John Hopkins Program for International Education and the United Nations Development Program also took part in the programme. .
Shillong, March 01: The CBC has organized a two-day information exhibition to mark the Azadi Day. Amrit Mahotsav at North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
Speaking at the program in the presence of scientists, management, teachers and staff of the Institute, the Director congratulated the heroes of the country who have sacrificed their lives to achieve the goal of freedom, which also made it possible for us to have such an opportunity to celebrate this day.
The Congress candidate from Mawlai constituency, Bah Marbud Dkhar, on 3rd June, has filed his nomination papers to contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June
He also recalled the statements that the State will not escape from illegal activities but his Government has proved them wrong.
The sports committee of the KSU said that the registration fee is T.100 and will be held on the same day as the trial. /01/2009 to 31/12/2012.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) has announced that it will hold a trial for the U-19 category in Jowai on the 26th of this month.
The purpose of this training is to provide training to the entrepreneurs on the schemes and assistance programs that NEDFI provides to them and to enlighten the residents of the area.
Dipak Mallick also allowed the children from outside the state to represent the Meghalaya Judo Association in the National Judo Championships. ask why there are no judo players from Meghalaya,” they said.
Lumshyiap won the cash prize of T.12,000 and Nongkhyriem won the cash prize of T.6000/-.
Bah Kongwang said that it is up to the Darrang Elaka to talk and consult with him if they have any intentions.
“I request you, Shongknor, to remove these allegations because they are not true,” he said.
However, there are still some Khasi children who are still hesitant to govern themselves and think that it is better to leave the rule of law to the rithor organizations to be like the arrows to destroy the household, said Bah Robertjune.
Shillong: Twelve persons, 10 BSF personnel and 2 BSF personnel have tested positive for covid-19 positive, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said. the people who are still in the State.
Shillong Lajong will play against Delhi FC on 11th June at the Minerva Sports Complex, Delhi. Ambernath United will play against FC Bengaluru United on 21st June at the Cooperage Stadium in Mumbai.
When it comes to the springs of water in the streams and rivers, man begins to destroy them by digging stones, by destroying the places where there are springs, by destroying them. , because from such a place, he was very happy because he had the opportunity to earn money.
“The market is brainwashed.
“As I have always said, no matter what happens regarding the Law Adong in Mawpat, I will move forward and not back down for the sake of preserving the forest,” said Kharpuri.
“What is the point of banning the movement from one district to another if the government is still inviting foreign workers to come especially at this time when we are not sure where it will lead”.
Joint Director Tourism Department KL Momin said that after the ban on logging and coal mining, the people have turned to tourism which is a big industry and has no impact on the environment. environment.
Bah Africau, who now lives in Balarma, was one of the Khasi soldiers who fought in the Bangladesh War in
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong of Rangblang, South West Khasi Hills District said that this incident happened on the morning of 23rd March, 2022 at about 2 pm. this morning.
The Secretary of the Sein Kur Shylla, Ma Jersom Shylla said that the Sein Kur Shylla invites all the Kur Para Jait in the District to attend this meeting so that the objectives of the Kur Shylla can go smoothly. .
On the other hand, the JSU has urged the village authorities to refrain from issuing NOCs and residential certificates without any thorough investigation.
The ceremony will be held on Thursday at Madan Ïewrynghep in Laitumkhrah in the presence of the Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri as the chief guest.
The increase in the price of beverages, petrol and other commodities has affected the households in the country.
“At first I taught for 11 years at Christ Church Mawlai but at that time, the salary was too low and I had to leave my job because of the demand of my family because I found it difficult to fill it,” he said. said Father Ricky.
“It has been seen that many of the MLAs implement schemes allocated from public funds through committees set up by the MLAs and allow the MLAs to conduct corruption through these schemes.
Issuing guidelines recently, the Department said LSD is not necessarily contagious to humans.
Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli's performances led India to their second victory in the Cricket World Cup.
These are the days of time, which confuse and shake the minds of thousands of people, especially those who are of the age to take part in the election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly, District Council and how ter ter.
The names Maram and Jaintia are the names associated with the ancient Hima rule because this name refers more to those who lived under the Hima Maharam and Hima Jaintia.
The duty of the Speaker of the House is to conduct the dorbar and the discussions in the dorbar.
Heavy rain fell in the upper parts of the country where this continued to cause flooding of water from many rivers where it flowed to dangerous levels in many parts of state, the source said.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said, “On the issue of Reservation Policy, I have already spoken 20 years ago, and this is evident in the videos that have been circulated now but I would like to ask again, Where is the statement of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit at that time on this issue as he too is still the leader of the Sengbhalang? I don't think there was any statement from him because he didn't come to join us in our protest.
However, according to our Christian view, the world is a temporary home where we live for these things like a traveler on a long journey to reach his destination.
“The residents should not wait for years to accept the BJP because the golden opportunities are flowing every day because the BJP is not in power,” he said.
“On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner in his speech urged everyone to cooperate according to the Draft Electoral Roll which has been released and to verify the voters who have reached the age of 18 years until 2023 as the qualifying date.
She also urged the people not to expect too much from the government, but to find other ways to stand on their own feet by setting up their own businesses.
Despite the challenges caused by the pandemic, the work started in July 2019 and has progressed rapidly.
The case was heard on the murder of five youths among nine members of the All Assam Students' Union (AASU). He was arrested by the Indian Army from Doomdooma village in June 1994, after the killing of a farmer by members of the ULFA. Former AASU leader Jagadish Bhuyan, after taking over the post of Minister of State, has filed a habeas corpus case; in front of the court for the safety of these 9 youths who were abducted by the army.
Regarding the adoption of children, the CEM said that regarding the adoption of jait, it should be taken from the mother.
If the youth are healthy, then the nation will survive, grow, and be strong.
In these days of unrest, we see that the Government of India, especially the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has not taken much action.
Regarding these incidents that happened to the children of Israel, there is a current incident which has surprised the people of the world until they have to close the temples and places of worship these days because of the Corona virus.
There are 2 high risk cases in North Garo Hills.
"I don't have the right to say anything to the headmaster.
“There are 25 companies of existing authorities which the central government has sent to the state government, and 15 of them have been sent specifically to Lum Garo,” said Bah Jopthiaw.
“India and China are in talks to resolve the issue through military and other means and therefore, there should be no tension in any way at such a time,” he said. Zhao Lijian, spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
They also planted jri trees under the guidance of Drunkwell Khongkrom, Lahshwa Khongsni, Koneda Khongtiang, Orin Tham and Kumarbha Khongknaw.
Bah MD Khongthaw, Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla, in an interview with Rupang, said that since the beginning of the curfew in October, the village has sent 40, 50 members of the village to patrol the village. He said that the village has to provide food, milk and according to the estimate of the Rangbah Shnong, it has spent about T.2,000 per day for these guards and if counted, for two months, the cost of the village, reaches T.1,20,0
Jowai, Nailar 19: The FKJGP-JH under the leadership of its President Tuesday Lytep today met with Vincent H Pala regarding the loss of salary of some employees of the Health Department in MCH&FW. The FKJGP-JH has already met with the DM&HO Jaintia Hills, the Director of Health and Services and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in the past months but the state government has not yet met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. was silently doing nothing.
The Seng does not accept this and should immediately change the order that only through Adhar can be accessed this scheme.
A woman has lodged a complaint against an elderly man named Emlang Laloo for allegedly raping her 9 year old daughter.
He urged the students to use these trainings to achieve their dreams and contribute to the development of the society.
Shillong: The Assam Rifles Invitational Football Cup 2020 kicked off on Monday at the Assam Rifles Football Ground, Laitkor, Shillong. Assam Rifles player Ranjana Chanu has been selected to represent India in the 2020 Qualifiers.
It is not known what the cause is but it could be the cold, the way we eat, the way we work and it could also be the lack of knowledge to take care of ourselves or our babies.
One is located in Khyndailad and one in Shillong.
Sanjeev has ordered the players to end the match at the stadium before 7 pm every night so that he can walk with his dog. a senior officer of the Delhi Government.
They shall not receive a promise or a gift at the time of their death.
Therefore, when such Rangbah Shnongs are found who issue NOCs to foreigners, the union will continue to monitor and if they find such Rangbah Shnongs who are against it, the union will continue to monitor. The union will not hesitate to take stronger measures or even to warn such Rangbah Shnong.
Cairns: An Australian scientist has said that the body of a dead person has not rested for a year, but is moving and this is a discovery that may be useful for those who want to to inquire into the nature of man, he shall not die.
The sports in which Meghalaya will participate in the tournament include Athletics with two players, Football for men, Swimming with four players, Wushu with one, Judo, Golf for four players and Shooting.
The advancement of knowledge is as essential as the diffusion of it" Dr.Radhakrishnan.
He said that it should be remembered that when spending money it cannot be done without the knowledge and permission of the higher authorities from the government ministers to the higher officers.
Although imports fell by about 14%, imports of steel and copper increased by 15%, which is a clear sign of the performance of Indian industries and their need for steel. and metals.
Before that, they were babu-sahep in Shillong who lived a peaceful life and didn't understand the hardships and poverty of the people who lived far from Shillong, or from Jowai, Nongstoing. , Nongpoh, Sohra and so on.
If the expenditure to win an election is T.50 crore, the expenditure can be hundreds of thousands because no one wants to be satisfied only with the income, but also with the income.
Shillong: The Khatarshnong Area Sports Club today launched a Referee Workshop Program at Swer Village.
The District Magistrate has imposed a curfew as part of the efforts to curb the violence and maintain peace and order in the area.
They include 5 cases in Jirang, 3 cases in Patharkhmah, 7 cases in Umkysier and 5 cases in Umsning.
Therefore, the HNLC demands that the Government of India should not provide REPARATION for its violence against our people.
At present, the names of these more than 2,000 voters in both the states cannot be disclosed, as there are many others whose names, villages and residences have not been disclosed. and the polling stations without names are still being conducted until they are all found.
On the other hand, Ma Pala urged all the members and office bearers of the party to work hard without turning back.
“These members who will oversee the election of the office bearers of the new working group on the 29th include the Presidents, Secretaries of all districts, Presidents and Secretaries of Youth Wing, Women's Wing, Farmer's Wing and about 8 members of the party – Ex-President, General Secretary and 6 others including Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Bah PT Sawkmie, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, and 2 cases from Garo Hills,” said the General Secretary.
Police opened fire on the farmers who were walking on the road. Two vehicles were reportedly hit by the protesters. on the road to Jind Patiala.
If pesticides damage the soil, we should take responsibility to preserve the soil.
She said that as a woman who looks after and participates well, she has a big role in the district council to improve this.
In the middle of the battle there was a great storm.
Regarding these robbers, the Rangbah Shnong said that he recognized them by face, but he did not know their names.
The next match of the team will be against Tamil Nadu on Sunday and in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy for senior men against Chhttisgarh in Jaipur.
Opening the programme, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynnong, Bah Thomlin Khongthohrem, said that it is encouraging to know that the CEO and the Election Department are taking the lead in maintaining the cleanliness of the polling station. , because this is the truth in the conduct of elections free from the power of money and other influences.
The Cabinet meeting has decided to appoint a judicial inquiry under the Commission of Inquiry Act to investigate the shooting death of Bah Cherish S Thangkhiew on 13th August,
“The shortage of funds of the JHADC has started since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the coal mining in 2014-2015,” said the CEM. JHADC, besides meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has also written to the government to increase the revenue collection, but the government has not done anything yet.
“I think the political parties are in the same situation because it is not easy to change immediately.
What is sad is that the candidates are cheating, cheating, using tricks, cheating, cheating and throwing money at the voters, the Youth Party, the Longkmie Party, the Seng Rangbah, Pastors, Fathers, Sisters, Bishops, Tymmen Basan, Church workers, Churches or religions and if they spend money like this to the electorate, they themselves will be bought or thrown money by the parties. or their agents to form a government and after that they will raise funds to go to the development works of the citizens.
On the same day, Bah DG Nongsiej, Principal of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, announced the opening of the NIOS Center at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat for the benefit of those students. pep school half term.
In 2014, after approval from the government authorities, he convened a dorbar and after approval with the Revenue Department, the site was approved for the construction of the Polytechnic.
He is the last ruler, he will act as a good and righteous man whom the nations of the world can trust.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the information and technology (IT) era will transform the trade in the coming days in the world including in the state.
This is the 12th Annual Dorbar of the Raid Nongkharai under the leadership of Bah Moses Syngkli as the Lyngdoh of the Raid Nongkharai.
“At the meeting, the residents of Block II came to express their problems due to the border dispute for 50 years,” Sangma said.
During the meeting, it was decided that the Meghalaya ASHA Benefit Scheme (MABS) will be replaced by a monthly payment of T.2000 per ASHA from June,
She said that this drone service is very important for the Government.
The petition was filed by the Chiefs and Sengbhalang of Jaintia Hills against the division of the constituency of JHADC while the KHADC was filed by KHNAM. The hearing was scheduled for the 14th of this month but was postponed to that day.
This has led the government to arrest and imprison many times Bah Deng HS Shylla, and at that time he had only one daughter at the time of his imprisonment. a.
He said that the party has made it clear that it will fight hard for the border and the nation.
When they arrived at Riat Kyn-o and Iurim Biam through the border area of ​​Khatkasla Psiar village, Bah Kharbuki and his team saw with their own eyes that the JCB workers had been killed. dig the ground for the construction of a road in this area.
Speaking to media, Kitrina Nongrumu said that the film has been shot since 2019, but due to the pandemic, the film has been delayed. .
However, on the other hand, it is also a huge loss for other players of the country as KL Rahul has been promoted from A to B. players who have been completely excluded from the list; Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ajinkya Rahane, Ishant Sharma, Wriddhiman Saha, Deepak Chahar and Hanuma Vihari have been left out of the entire contract.
Speeches were delivered by KL Pariat, President KYKWM, G Marshal Lamar.
The Rangbah Shnongs/Vigilance Committees have been directed to select Self Help Groups and Women Led Organizations first.
The fourth person was Father Joseph Parekkatt, who was injured in the incident.
There are also companies that have been driven away by the villagers.
But at the table, a voiceless chair spoke; there is no one to hear.
The villagers were requested to come early.
When the students protested against this allegation, the VC said that the University will appoint an MBBS doctor to visit the student.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who visited the site at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong today. Wahlang and other officers.
Shillong: U Bah FM Dopth, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, has been transferred to the post of Secretary Department of Textiles, Government of Meghalaya.
However, there are other people with mental disabilities who also fall under the same category of disabled people.
“The KSU does not have a gun to give to its members but with the willingness to surrender for the good of the country and the nation as a whole,” said Bah Lambokstar.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the CM said that this program expresses the vision of the state for a prosperous future in terms of income and economic development through empowerment. to the youth in terms of employment opportunities, cohesion among citizens and the ability to maintain environmental cleanliness.
The Secretary of the Raid Nongblai, Bah VS Buhphang, said that it is an honor for the Raid Nongblai that for the first time, the Syiem together with the Basan of the Raid Mawlieh, have come personally to visit and Sanad gave the Raid Chief.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Police, Bah Prestone Tynsong on 10th June, saying that the law will take the necessary action and that the investigation into the incident will be conducted. the criminal complaint proceeded.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: As the days for the 2023 elections approach, the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government have started to show their strength. the word “Boss”.
It now brings the top goals for 32 MMA fighters from Asia along with the golden opportunity to win a UFC contract for all four divisions in the “ Win & Advance”.
However, as of now, these portfolios are his exploitation, said Stephan.
He said that the NREGS scheme has been of great benefit to the villagers to get many village roads, bridges, community halls and others.
“Investigation is ongoing to track down the kingpin and to find his residence.
The food bill for the guests at Pinewood Hotel alone is T.16,43,893 tyngka for their seven-day stay.
He said that according to the Contempt of Court 1971, it has been explained through Section 12 that they are not guilty of 6 months imprisonment or they cannot be remanded in court until they are released. The trial, only as a sign of punishment, or there may be a rule that they should no longer do these kinds of things if they ask for forgiveness, but it is up to the judge how he decides. to allow them to explain.
The march started from Jowai Police Station to the office of the Commandant Home Guard, Jowai and then to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The issue of contract teachers is a very serious issue, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Monday.
Master Trainers from East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills participated in the program to learn about Sign Language to assist voters in the upcoming elections. long on the 19th of June this year.
India yesterday also refused to vote at the UNHRC meeting on the war in Ukraine.
Amlarem, June 13: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced the AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA ration for the month of June, 2023 and has been released. to Fair Price Shop stores until June 15,
In addition, there are also two-wheeler drivers under the age of 18 who drive lymmuh and shongshit without thinking about the safety of four-wheeler drivers or two-wheeler drivers who drive without thinking. .
The meeting was conducted by Skhem B Dkhar Vice President of Sengkmie and was attended by Shnalad Rymbai, Chief Organizing Secretary CB, Nickson Sungoh Education Secretary Western Region and others.
He said that the elections now are won by the leaders only through deception, “Victory by deception by deception, victory by deceiving the minds of the people in this constituency and besides destruction we lose also the blessing.
The army continues to conduct search operations in the area with the aim of destroying the militants in the area.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government will impose load shedding in the state for two hours a day.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The BJP Mahila Morcha, Meghalaya State Unit has strongly condemned the human rights violations against two women in Manipur.
Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio has expressed his concern over the ongoing violence in Manipur.
Shortly after, the doctor was buried under tight police surveillance, without the presence of his family members.
After getting my matric results, I immediately went to St. Edmunds, St. Anthony and Shillong College but I was rejected from all three schools because I didn't have enough English and Mathematics.
The residents of Rambrai have faced many difficulties due to the long distance to get the services of the Government.
Shortly after, five other PDF MDCs came to support the EC of Shylla and these are James Ban Basaiawmoit, PDF MDC Leader, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Arbinus Lyngdoh and Bah Morningstar Mawsor.
The appointment of the AICC's chief executive officer is necessary at this juncture after the Congress party, especially the MLAs who demanded the removal of Mukul Sangma as party leader. defeat in the recent MP election from Tura and similar reasons.
““Our wish is only to talk about the welfare of women and society and we didn't talk about becoming Rangbah Shnong because we women understand our power, our value. .
These athletes including four gold medalists, four silver medal winners and one bronze medal winner were awarded by the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling. The meeting was held at the ground floor of Gorkha Secondary School, Laimer.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MASHAWU) on Monday decided to hold a strike by staying at home until the state government is quick to implement their demands. their right hand.
“If we don't take action, it will inevitably cause problems to other villages in Ri-Bhoi and especially to those villages in Jirang constituency,” said Sosthenes.
The district authorities are monitoring the price increase of food items and it is expected that they will issue the price of food items to be sold in the market.
“Because the Chief Minister in charge of this is not present, Baalu ​​cannot meet him face to face,” he said.
From Dudhnoi to Mendipathar, the railway line is about 22.823 km under the supervision and management of the North East Frontier Railway.
Most of the cases in Tripura are from Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal.
He hoped that Frank Motors would be able to provide good services to the people as they have worked with Tata which is the largest car manufacturer in India.
It was at about 4 pm that the army arrested the smuggling group from the area.
The state government is awaiting the reply from the UPSC for the appointment of a full-time DGP in the state.
He also encouraged that such initiative should be continued in the coming years and also to plant more trees.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District today announced that Section 144 CrPC has been implemented to prevent private individuals and groups from holding public marches which disrupt the traffic. The crowd stopped on the road from Lad-Nartiang to the DC Office.
The Meghalaya Jeet Kune-Do Association (MJKA) congratulated these athletes who have brought fame and glory to the country through their victories.
“In the past months and years, we cannot say that we have spent too much this year because the children selected for the competition have to be sent to They were trained for two months in Guwahati in swimming pools with a depth of 50mts.
Jowai, November 21 : The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today issued an order that all street vendors in Iawmusiang and other parts of Jowai city should turn away from the paths of the road.
She further accused the government that the purchase of these ambulances with this donation money shows that the government is weak and should have provided them since the government came to power.
“This project has been completed and not suspended.
Besides the many services to bring about the welfare of the Raid, the committee will also look after the boundary of the Raid, as almost many of the villages within the Raid Marwet have near the state of Assam.
When it comes to our own state, perhaps the Khasi language is not so poor, not so rich, but we can say that it is in the middle, because its own language is still spoken. and it is written in the book of the chronicles unto this day.
At present, the government has proposed to increase the number of members of the Councils from 29 to
On the other hand, Dr. Bina in an interview with the media on Sunday, asked how the state will move forward in the society when such cases are still happening. but while the sun was rising.
Those who attended the ceremony included Belding Ch Marak, Finance Secretary, Mathew Ch Marak, Sacheng, Chokpot Area Commander, Sengrak M Sangma, Ranggam Dy Area Commander. Sengpan M Sangma has been appointed as Timtam, Tingku D Sangma has been appointed as Gona, Salnang S Marak has been appointed as Gando and Minin B Marak has been appointed as Timtam. Chanang, Okchie Ch Marak alias Tojrang, Jangam T Sangma alias Challangpa, Sempil Ch Momin alias Saljepa, Clever Ch Marak alias Dompa, Walmen B Marak alias Tom, and u Poth S Sangma is not called Daria.
Taking part in the meeting, UDP KHADC Leader Teiñwell Dkhar said that the District Council has been waiting for the MDC to be removed. He was sent from abroad, but now he said that he has been able to cook the food in his own kitchen and he doesn't understand what is good or bad.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has also distributed leaflets against the BJP and urged the people not to vote for the party.
Shillong, Naitung 4: Speaking to reporters, the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) today expressed its satisfaction with the promise of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to release the They will soon pay the arrear of 80 per cent of their arrears.
She was wearing a stem salwar suit with a patlun and a underwear.
He said that these birds arrived on the 15th of this month and will stay for about a month in the area, after which they will leave for Nagaland and return to their homeland. where they come from.
The coal mining site is located near the NEEPCO Dam, in the area formerly known as the Assam Quarry, which falls under Tin Kilo or Lai Kilo (3) of land. Dima Hasoa District of Assam.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (MNC) has launched the second promise known as the Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Card. (MYE Card) to provide special assistance to the youth in Meghalaya, if the TMC wins power after the elections.
It may be recalled that on the first day of the month, while the meeting between the Chief Minister and the political parties was going on and came to an end, suddenly there was a clash in which there was a They threw stones at the patrol police and set fire to vehicles and damaged many Government properties.
This question was first raised by TMC MLA from Ampati, Miani Dalbot Shira who asked for an estimate of how many villages do not have Anganwadi Centers even though they have enough population to get Anganwadi Centres. and the lack of funds for the rightful Anganwadi Centres.
According to Singh, the Central Government should take responsibility to uphold the rule of law and protect the rights and security of all citizens, regardless of their ethnicity.
After investigation, the members of the KSU Umsning Circle, Umsning Police have taken the initiative to repatriate these foreigners and confirmed that they will be repatriated immediately to Assam.
The unfounded promises of the incoming and outgoing governments in various fields to facilitate and meet the needs of the citizens end like the end of time for the previous governments.
NESAC implements Remote Sensing Application projects for environmental protection & resource development, Satellite Communication applications in education, health support & disaster protection, and training in Space Technology & Application.
Shillong, Lber 21: The first youth service of the Home Mission Presbytery Shillong Unit will be held tomorrow at 12 noon at the State Central Library. do not believe in this prayer.
Victorious Masharing is said to be a member of the Assam Rifles.
On the 9th of this month, the office of the Bio-Resource Development Centre, Agriculture Department, at 5 mer, Upper Shillong, was hit by a petrol bomb. On the same day, the Soil Conservation Office in Jowai was hit by a petrol bomb, but no casualties were reported.
If the Dorbar Shnong finds anyone who violates this rule, it will punish them severely.
When asked why he did not join any party and decided to contest as an independent candidate , Ma Baitlang said that the time does not allow him to join any party because he wants to knows well the rules and regulations of the parties before he joined but now he doesn't have time to read those rules and regulations of the parties. “It's time to come forward,” said Ma Baitlang while talking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club.
We are deeply saddened by such shootings and killings of border guards from time to time and we demand that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should pay heavy compensation to the families of those who have been killed. “It's a good idea to pay tribute to those who lost their lives and also to those who were injured in the incident and also to spend all the money for their treatment until they recover”.
Only those who have been affected by this law understand the punishment.
In such type of ‘test’ they look closely at the ability in answering the question.
The meeting was held at New Nongstoin Square in the presence of the Chief Minister, Nongstoiñ MLA Gabriel Wahlang, Mawshynrut MLA Methodius Dkhar, DC and SP West Khasi Hills District, Chief Officer from the Mining and Geological Department of the State Government, the public and others.
During the programme, the Border Guard Force of BSF Meghalaya also distributed sports equipment to the school children.
This will also set an example for other states and the region and I am happy that this is one goal to protect the environment," he said.
At the meeting, the speakers spoke on many issues including the Village Administration Bill 2014 and 2015, the MUDA boundary crossing, the problems of youth job seekers due to the lack of government management and other issues. .
Therefore, you might say, when we are transformed, we can no longer recognize each other.
The Great Escape will be the last film that audiences will see Michael in which he plays the role of Bernie.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, urged all those who attended the programme, to take responsibility to protect and preserve the for man hath but one earth to dwell upon.
Furthermore, a National Institutional Platform for Public Health will be established by the ICMR and also to strengthen research.
Speaking at the meeting, the Governor congratulated the NEC for its successful program especially the two-day stay of Modi in Shilong. There are also many tourist attractions in the state at Mawphlang and Elephant Falls.
Shillong, July 29: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has donated money to the children of AW Thomas Jones orphanage in Jaïaw Lumsyntiew.
The USTM also organized a special celebration with the participation of various departments of the university.
Thus, various sports tournaments in the State were held again last year.
However, what you readers should understand is that discrimination is not only in political affairs, because we have seen that in village, family, school and even church affairs. Ex.The insult of the young to the elderly also offends God because God is older than me and DD Lapang (but God doesn't reach Y category).
The group disappeared after 1 hour and 45 minutes after they sank into the water, prompting the authorities to search for them, the source said.
Daniel 12:11, which are the time of the end of the horrors of this world, and there will come another 45 days, Daniel 12:12 which is the time of the anointing of Jesus Christ to rule over this world in the 100 years.
He added that he intends to bring about change in the health sector by improving the dispensaries, CHCs and other health centers in the constituency.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has issued the order after hearing the complaint of the All Dimasa Students' Union and the Dima Hazao District Committee on the corruption of the coal mining system. The NGT has also directed the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) to ensure that the mining of coal is in the right direction. The law against smuggling should be stopped immediately throughout the State.
“However, under the Dam Rehabilitation Programme, we are trying to bring in another agency to study and research all the information related to the sub-structure of the dam. water and other sectors," he said.
On the other hand, he said that many of our youth who study or work abroad in Ri Khasi are reluctant to wear the jaiñsem of Kyrshah but they are reluctant to follow the dress code of foreigners. the body is broken and broken.
When asked whether the decisions announced by the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem on the 12th of last month have been implemented in Iewduh, Minister Langstieh said that these decisions have been implemented. as announced and until now the Hima has not received any complaints from the market dwellers that there will be any inconvenience.
Meanwhile, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare of the Sonarpyrdi Eco Tourism and Socio Economic Development Society (SOEC) said that if the mining in Brishyrnot is completed, the Lukha River will flood and turn into a river.
In the past few days, reports have been spreading that the journalists in Khanapara have been lying to the government just to avoid going to Khanapara.
Therefore, he called for the cooperation of the people in order to achieve the government's objectives in improving the welfare of the people.
Shillong: U Dundee Khongsit has been summoned to appear before the Shillong Sadar Police Station on 14th November 2022 in connection with the incident which occurred on 28th November In April, during a mass march of the FKJGP, there was a shooting of people walking and standing on the road.
If you are willing to lie, to do what is evil and wrong, to steal, to deceive, to do unrighteous deeds, then they will worship and thank them as if they were thanking God.
Dangri Phawa of Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng scored a hat-trick against Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy held at WJDSA Stadium in Kinang. Thursday.
At this meeting, the Assam Rifles promised to punish those involved in the incident, according to the rules and regulations of the army. such things happen from time to time.
Among these citizens, many are foreigners who have come to apply again to vote even though they have not voted before.
At the same time, she urged the public to join hands to make the villages drug free.
The JNC said that many of the tourist attractions in the area are in dire need of the assistance of this department in order to bring benefits not only to the village but to the area. but the whole state.
Women-friendly policies have contributed significantly to increasing women's participation in various fields," the Minister added.
Referring to the collection of electricity bill, he said that previously it was only 62% and now it has been improved and the collection of electricity bill has increased to 73%. fight against theft of fire, which is especially common in rural areas.
This ban on holding public meetings has been like the rule of someone else and not the rule of the people.
Wasa won the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 against Mynthong in the Super Division of the WJDSA.
Heading said that after the death of these two men, he received messages this morning, saying, “Look, Heading, you are alone now, you should take good care of yourself. If you have to ask for extra time, from God, you have to ask, because we still need you.
Shillong: 15 players have been selected for the East Khasi Hills Chess Tournament on 19th and 20th November 2019 at Lama Villa Community Hall, Shillong. Hills will participate in the State Rankings Chess Championship to be held by the Meghalaya Chess Association.
Thus, this has put the people of this village in a state of shock.
Let the farmers unite to fight separately and to become longtrai in the market and to reduce the number of traders and traders. .
On 10th November 2020, he went to CHC Bhoirymbong for treatment, but after finding out that he had returned from Assam, he was sent for testing and taken to quarantine. Ribhoi District, after testing positive for Covid-19 today, the person was confirmed positive.
You can include other fiber-rich foods in your diet to control blood pressure.
Therefore, the people, especially the children of Hynniewtrep, must be wise and vigilant, otherwise it will be useless to change.
The construction of the house was reportedly at Patrol Point 14 and came two days after a meeting between the army chiefs from both sides in Chushul and the house. it is not owned by India.
Meanwhile, the same census (2011) shows that the number of Dkhars has decreased and if our eyes and vision are only as far as Ïewmawlong or GS Road or Lad Umsohsun or Khyndai Lad then it will cause a lot of problems.
When asked whether the VPP will join the NPP government if there is a proposal, he said, “We will not join the NPP if there is such a proposal as you have asked because our principles do not agree with them,” he said. answer.
Of these, 37,000 have received the scholarship.
He said it is necessary to understand that for 51 years the District Council has been weakening and the weakness is not from the Constitution but from the leaders.
Think not of the days of old age.
Sangma said the department will also take action against the illegal Coke plants and cement plants near the Lukha River. .
The match ended at the scheduled time and no one scored.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Asst.General Manager, SBI Main Branch, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS Police Station that on 31st November, 2013, a fake check worth Tk. The check was brought through Punjab National Bank, Laitumkhrah, Shillong, police said.
He thanked the Bishop for taking the initiative and promised to give all his support.
AM Lanong, Deputy Director (Mainstreaming) Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, explained about the main aspects of the Integrated Health Campaign and also spoke about HIV/AIDS. Speeches were delivered by MCS, Dr Dominic Shylla, District Medical and Health Officer East Jaintia Hills District and others. After the programme, there was also a health camp at Community Hall, Lad Rymbai Dongwah and at Lad Rymbai Datsympein Community Hall, Lad Rymbai B. Mooknor Community, where screening and testing for HIV, STD, STI, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, Tuberculosis and other diseases were also conducted. MHIS and Aadhaar.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari, u head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Government is examining the need to implement the Foreigners Act (FA) and the Tenancy Law (TA) to strengthen the protection against foreign entry into the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
These insects can be reduced by removing their larvae from the leaves, or by removing the larvae if recognized, or by catching the larvae in the stems, or by cleaning the leaves. lead arsenate or any other insect poison.
:The Union of Youth Associations of Seven Villages including Sohlait, Nartap, Langpadon, Sohlait Mai, Lumkya and Umsawnoldhi, on Saturday 12th November, honored 39 students from these villages. villages and those who have passed in various examinations, including SSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate.
However, it is because there is only one employee in the Bank who deals with accounts, deposits, withdrawals, passbooks and other activities.
Let us be responsible,” said the Chairperson of the SCPRC.
Hosur, November 3: TVS Motor Company has increased its sales by 8% in July 2015 from 205,403 units in July to 222,099 units in July
Merisuklin Syngkon from East Jaintia Hills, Meduwin Marak and Delpinna Sangma from East Garo Hills have also been invited to participate in the Independence Day celebrations in New Delhi. .
“Why do I say that because many of our kurs in the jaitbynriew, don't have their thymmei or their iawbei or their beginnings because we from the beginning don't have a literature that can be used. remember our inheritance.
Shillong, July 15: From Anjalee to Motphran, the residents of Shillong have been facing problems due to the condition of roads and garbage.
However, on the other hand, the Opposition is stronger because it has skilled and intelligent leaders including Charles Pyngrope, Dr Mukul Sangma, Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Ardent Miller. Saleng A Sangma and other newly elected MLAs.
The 125th Anniversary Celebration was attended by former and current teachers, school principals, students and many others who were invited. There were also many programs to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the school.
And for these, man works hard every day, and lives in his thoughts, how to provide for tomorrow.
But God told the wise men not to return to Herod, but they went back to the country by another road.
Furthermore, the union wants the government to introduce the Farmer Commission as demanded at the Farmer Parliament.
of Meghalaya and has a close relationship with the AITW&PF which is an affiliated member of the United Olympic Wrestling Committee (I0C).
The Government has allocated T.35,369 crore for CGST and T.29,769 crore for SGST and T.29,769 crore for IGST and the total revenue of the Central and State Governments for the month of June 2023 is T.63,780 crore for CGST and T.65,597 crore for The SGST for the month of June 2023 has increased by 12% compared to the GST for the same month in 2022 and in the same month the revenue from imported goods has increased by % and the revenue from domestic trade is 11% higher than the revenue in
New Delhi, July 16: Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, leader of Dera Saccha Sauda, ​​has urged the public to watch his film first and not to oppose the release of the film. , who was called 'Messenger of God'
When the Congress from Mawryngkneng told the elders that their speech in Mawphlang had spread to Mawryngkneng, they now listened.
Teachers, students and parents of the students were present on the occasion.
The APYC has vowed to hold a strong protest if the government does not release these 36 persons within five days.
Then there is Nutri Sensible Agricultural Resources & Innovation, which is a method of farming to produce crops or agricultural products that build and improve health, and Homestead Agriculture, which is agriculture. the fields are only in the fields and in the villages.
The program was conducted by T.Bn.
A good survey doesn't explain why you've done too much research.
New Delhi: A video of Pakistani Defense Minister Khawaja Asif's speech has emerged.
After learning of this incident both the families made peace.
They said that it was on this order that the child became frightened and called her mother to inform her that she wanted to return home.
Noting that teachers are on the top priority of the present Government, Rakkam said, “We have tried our best to help our teachers”.
Initially, the village authorities built their own bridges, fences and stands to visit the Umngot River which surrounds Nongjrong village and this was done under the MGNREGA scheme. from these small acts alone, it has attracted tens of thousands of visitors in the last few years.
Those who wish to be selected may bring their Original Birth Certificate or other proof of age.
They can follow many different languages ​​that are difficult and meaningful.
In Mawshynrut Constituency, the departure of former Congress MDC Bah Sraly Rashir has affected the entire constituency. you have slam slam light here and there.
According to the statement, during his visit to these states, Coming also met with the Chief Officers of the Fisheries Department of these States and requested them to export good fish to Meghalaya.
Nongmali Youth Association III in collaboration with the District Medical Officer (DHS) has organized this treatment and medicine at the Community Hall of the village where Dr Aman War DHS (MI) was the chief guest. , Bah BR Kharmujai Rangbah Shnong Mawdatbaki as Chief Guest, Dr AA Lyngdoh DM&HO of EKH, Dr S Khonglah Addl DM&HO, Bah A Khonglah Rangbah Dong, doctors, staff from Ganesh Das and Civil Shillong Hospital and others.
He said that there are people who have the opportunity to buy land and build houses, but only because of the low cost of registration and registration fees, so they have to stop buying land and register, in This is like an insult to the Khasi Khara, whether it is the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
We see that God allows these things to happen, because he can do whatever he wants in heaven or on earth, in the sea and in all the depths.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 13: The Deputy Commissioner of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, today held a meeting with the Village Ministers, Village Youth Associations and various civil society organizations in the presence of Bah JD Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat. Officers from several departments on the spread of drugs and how to prevent the spread of drugs who are residents of the community inside the hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
On July 17, 2022, Mawsynram received 1003.6 mm of rainfall in a day, breaking the record set in
AICC President Rahul Gandhi may not come to Shillong to campaign as he is too busy elsewhere.
Zechariah 12:10–13.
Khliemynkrem scored their third goal before the break through Tremiki Jyrwa (79).
This came to light according to a tender notice floated by the Urban Affairs Department, the department invites bid for construction of Septage waste treatment plant with a capacity of 55 KLD Septage Management in Jowai covering Jowai Municipal area.
No nation will survive unless its own children become children of slavery to destroy its customs, culture and traditions as many have started to destroy their dress and grooming. in the Khasi language.
Thus, the border talks have not reached anywhere and have stalled.
The meeting was attended by the Majai Exporters Association.
ABBA's most popular songs are Waterloo, Mamma Mia and Dancing Queen.
Their march went smoothly without any interruption until they reached the Addl.Secretariat and when they reached that place they held a short meeting in which several speakers from Speeches were delivered by HANM General Secretary Lamphrang Kharbani and HANM Women Leader Bity Jyrwa.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah Kennedy Khyriem, said that the oil smuggling and water shortage in the middle of the road has been going on for many years and this has caused a huge loss of livelihood to the people. Petrol pumps and the danger to the people who use petrol.
“All the residents of the village are not satisfied with this issue.
He said that this new block will be a great blessing to the people as earlier they had to travel up to 120 km from Malidor to Wapung C&RD Block even if they had to give a small letter.
Shillong, March 25: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, RV Lyngdoh who is also the MLA of the area. MUDA's boundary crossing to Upper Shillong has not been clarified yet.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast that heavy rains will continue in most parts of the country until early November.
He received 12,728 votes, while Ai-jaid Kmie received only 3,491 votes, and Ai-jaid Kmie received 9,237 votes.
India is a country with many different characteristics so there may be no state or ethnic group whose way of life differs from that in the north and therefore there may be a limit to the employment opportunities. cannot exceed 50%.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the MDA government will move forward to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. .
Conrad said that such an arrangement by the NTA has deprived the students of Meghalaya of the opportunity to continue their studies at Central Universities across the country.
They were arrested on a complaint lodged by a man demanding Rs 25,0
Nongpoh: Speaking at a meeting at Ri Bhoi College, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State, on Tuesday said that the MDA government led by Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister, is a government that does not She has always made promises to the people, but she has struggled to fulfill the promises she has already made to the people during the elections.
“Because this land has been given to us by the Hima Mylleim and if the government relocates it, it should replace it with another land of equal value,” said Gurjit. and this is what we have lived in for centuries.
He said that although the education department of the CM on 9th November 2021, has already released the salary of T.59 crore in the first installment and has already released the salary of T.59 crore. T.73 crore on 22nd November 2021 and more than T.203 crore till 14th July 2022, to pay salaries to teachers. Furthermore, Bah Aristotle Rymbai asked where the money is spent for the payment of salaries and the government should take responsibility after neglecting the 12,541 employees. teacher.
The coronavirus has killed 600,000 people worldwide with 600,523 deaths and 14,233,355 infections.
Similarly, the Mukul Sangma government has repeatedly tried to dissolve the District Council and if the Congress government of Mukul Sangma cannot recognize the District Council, it will not be allowed to elect MDCs in
“We have to set aside time to complete this scheme because many reasons have caused the delay,” he said, adding that the department will take all necessary measures to expedite the work.
The meeting was attended by Dr. Johnny Marak, officials of Shyam Ferrous Century and Maithan Alloy Ltd, health workers of Byrnihat PHC and District TB Office. , Ri Bhoi District.
ft and was constructed by a contractor named Bah N.Diengdoh.
He said that he himself has witnessed the damage caused by the cyclone which has caused some families to lose their homes.
When we turn to the Word of God like this, we see that what is happening now is nothing new, but what happened to His people Israel in ancient times when they disobeyed and submitted to God's right hand. angry, so is the world today.
Then, follow the words – 'Let us not judge others' – these words have the power and value to destroy the character of one's humanity, the greatness and richness of one's spirit in human relationships. to us and to rise again, to our fellow men.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government Lower Contract School Teachers Association (MGLPCSTA) today came to urge the state government to consider for the benefit of the unemployed teachers. The MTET examination was held in July 2019 and the result was released on the second day of this month and only 10% passed the examination.
The Noh Blai ceremony was completed by Wamon, Wasan and others who could participate. Only the elderly men went down to the Ummurem River to pour out the Syntu Blai and release two parrots.
The decision of the court came after the hearing of Justice Sikri and Justice Bhusan on the complaint of Bah Lber Laloo, of Panaliar, Jowai.
However, the Meghalaya government has not yet addressed the problem of the residents on the border, so he urged that the time has come for Meghalaya to have a Police Out Post at Mookoiram to avoid being arrested by the Assam police during the transportation of agricultural products.
“Perhaps there are those who are surprised how Ardent has not yet arrived, there may be some thoughts but one thing I want to say clearly that God's servant has nothing difficult, we believe in God, we “I trust God, I haven't eaten for 128 hours,” said Ardent.
Although it is not yet clear who will step down, it is highly suspected that the most prominent ministers to fight for the post of prime minister will fall into the hands of Mukul Sangma.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 26/10/21 at Darrang.
On the 5th of this month, the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister personally visited Sohra to confirm this good news to the people of Sohra.
Everestar Lyngdoh (14-15) will compete in the 48kg category, Mamesha Marten (12-13) in the 42kg category and Bansahnamkyrpang Warkhyllew in the 45kg category (14-15).
Children, women, men, women Kyllein soodong and wine, and wine.
Dairy Plant ) also now many milk returns to the village because of the lack of market opportunities, this has caused a lot of problems to them because the price of cow feed and medicines has increased. There are many farmers who take loans to buy cows and now it has become very difficult for them to pay the loans.
Ferlin defeated June Eliana R. Marak by 4,369 votes.
Under his leadership, the BSF arrested another suspect, Jackson Sangma, 25, from Rasanagiri village, South Garo Hills. two are arms dealers and are also suspected of being extreme aides to terrorist organizations.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has accused the Prime Minister's constituency of being an insult.
Ltd, under the leadership of its National Director, Mrs. Eldorabetsy Lyngdoh and President Mr. Ransom Sutnga.
While the spread of this disease has affected many parts of India, but this department in our State is still sleeping and surprising people when it does not feel able to provide for itself.
THS Bonney, a retired IFS officer, will contest from Shillong Constituency.
This demand came after the state government on 17th January issued a decision to take up to 2000 acres of land belonging to the raid.
He said that it is very important for the youth and others as well, to start their own businesses so that they can support themselves and improve the income of the district and the country. The whole state.
The VPP on Tuesday announced the name of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the party's candidate for the Lok Sabha elections next year.
Hyderabad will now fall under the Union Territory for 10 years and will be the capital of the two states, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
For he must rule as king until God has put all enemies under his feet.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya Unit has appealed to the people to stand up against the government's efforts to vaccinate against Covid-1 If there is any pressure on the government to provide the rights, it is the right to vote.
Ka Forum kaurges the parents and members of the society to protect the institutions of learning and the teachers who are committed to offer guidance for the welfare and future of their children.
“THERE ARE MANY CHURCHES WHO HAVE NOT RECEIVED INJECTIONS ARE REQUESTED TO GO WHILE THE TIME IS TIME”.
On the other hand, the SP said that he is very happy to be invited to this tournament. He said that from time to time he has heard about the progress of the Association. The SP also congratulated the office bearers of the West Jaintia Boxing Association for their hard work. for the promotion of boxing.
Warm Color Light : ShaitngenrongDaylight : ShaisngiDirect Sunlight: Shaishahsngi, which does not shine against the sun.
16 hours.
To find out whether urea and other fertilizers are harmful or harmful to the health when eating foods produced by the use of these fertilizers, Rupang in recent days Recently, he met with an expert in agriculture who came from Delhi to the state to explain to the people about the issues related to agriculture including how the people they will receive financial assistance through schemes set up by the government.
Paul said that Ardent's allegation was an attempt to create racial hatred.
Elizer Suiam scored the goals for Shangpung Lumiawmuchai in the 5th & 14th minutes and Chillang Langstang in the 13th minute.
The House has approved the Amendment Bill, 2015 to repeal Part 9 of the Schedule of the Prevention of Disqualification. ) Act, 1972.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced the names of the candidates for the MDC elections to be held on 27th June including the KHADC and JHADC. The UDP has given ticket to Bah Firstforce Deki Ramsiej from Umroi who had defected from the party before the MLA elections and who had also burnt the UDP flag at that time.
The new CEM said that the new EC will not issue NOC for the construction of railway line in Ri-lum Khasi and said “Our position is clear on this issue”.
He said that as usual in the old State Planning Boards, the members should be from the Chief Secretary, Commissioners & Secretaries, and other experts in many fields.
The discrimination against the residents is terrible and the backward people do not understand the law and do not have the power to stand against the Foreign Company.
Therefore take heed to yourselves" (Phil 3:2).
“I have not become rich from being an MLA and I have not stolen even a penny from the MLA or MDC scheme. the people,” said Embhah.
NESO also demands that the Indian government should take action to resolve the border issues between Nagaland and Assam, Meghalaya and Assam, Mizoram, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh and other states. Manipur and Assam and said that on this issue, the residents of the border areas should be trusted to take a decision in terms of their welfare. and the work of judgment.
Shillong: In connection with the assault on members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), in Ichamati on 28th June 2020, one member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, was killed.
At the same time, she said that this is the first time for the school to receive this highest rank and it has been a great honor for the school and the district as a whole.
“We demand that the electricity post should be relocated to a better location to avoid any tragic incident in the future and the union requests that the relevant departments should to take action on the issue, young Gary added.
Iran has never launched a direct attack against Israel, but it is believed that this time, it will be able to defeat Israel and shake the entire Middle East.
He was sworn in by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Biswanath Somadder.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare and Nutan Ch Momin, Director of Social Welfare.
The KHNAM leader said that the strengthening of the culture and traditions of the jaid bynriew is another issue that KHNAM will stand up for.
The curfew has been extended for five hours from 9am to 5pm.
Speaking at the meeting, leaders including Bah Mayralborn Syiem, Bah Charles Marngar and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, expressed their gratitude to the AMKA for remembering to honor the MLAs to lead from Ri-Bhoi. AMKA reminds that the election is over and it is time to work together by inviting all the 5 MLAs from different constituencies and parties to have the same goal. to serve the people of Ri-Bhoi.
The purpose of this training is to provide a detailed knowledge on many aspects related to the rescue and reconstruction after any natural disaster.
At the same time, the WKHBA has awarded Veronica Sohshang (45-46 kg) to represent the state in the 3rd North East Olympics. The game will be played this month in Nagaland.
It is interesting to know that the East Khasi Hills Police have taken great care of the peace and order in Shillong, especially in the evening.
The President of the KSU was arrested on 7th June and remanded in custody for 14 days after he refused to take bail ordered by the Special Court on charges of involvement in the destruction of property during the ILP protest. two years ago.
According to police sources, the incident happened at about 4.30 pm on Sunday.
This is not the case with MeECL.
,Please don't allow these unions of Waheh Shnongs to divide the nation...the new nation is the same,,we come from Lum Sohpetbneng which is called 7trep 7skum...All are the intentions of dividing the nation. This is the Divide and Rule Policy......If you are a 7trep, you don't accept 20%.
Nita Ambani, president of the Reliance Foundation and a member of the International Olympic Committee, said, “The North East has a special place in the love of everyone. India loves sports and it is a region where there are great players that India has produced”.
“For more than 40 years, our Khasi youth have not passed IAS and Toki said, “There are many reasons, one is that IAS is a competitive examination and in 10 years , 15, 16 lakh applicants and more than 100,000 applicants will be able to apply and from more than 100,000 applicants will pass, about 10,200 applicants and then will be selected in the personal interview and will be selected about 100 or 200 applicants. ".
Therefore, to bring the glory of Shillong, they have taken the initiative to start from Khyndailad and continue to other places.
We want to see the second, third and fourth rounds until we reach the end,” said Bah Tynsong.
Speeches were also delivered by other Rangbah and Village Authority of Laitryngew, according to a statement sent by Bah Morning Riahtam, Wahlhuh.
The incident happened on Tuesday morning near Shillong Civil Hospital.
The State budget has never been surplus, but it has always been underfunded.
Thus, the internet is a source of information that is able to store information.
Dolly Khonglah, Secretary, Meghalaya International Chambers of Commerce, congratulated the village for encouraging the students by awarding such awards to the students of the village who have passed various examinations. .
“Fortunately, the insurgency has decreased slowly and all the existing armed groups are now on the path of peace talks with the Central Government,” said Dr. Bishnoi. There are too many problems now but in the future there will be problems and for this purpose we have strengthened the security department so that they can stop them immediately.
The children, those who were young, cried and cried and some of them were happy and some of them were happy, but there were also those who were happy, and they fell into the cow's milk pond.
The FKJGP has a strong foundation and has done many good deeds for the nation and the State as a whole.
They are very proficient and interested in expanding their knowledge.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of State, will resign on the 9th of this month.
When we talk about the tipbriew tipblei in the workplace – the income; They understand that it is the commandment of the Lord God that we came into the world to earn righteousness.
Here in India, the plant has been widely cultivated in Kashmir and other hilly areas of the country.
Virat, who scored the most runs in the ICC ODI World Cup, is poised to break Australia captain Ricky Ponting's record for the most runs in a World Cup. Cup.
The song was composed by G.Hairston and the video was shot and edited by James.
It may be recalled that the former Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, himself has written the words of the announcement for the construction of the plastic playground at the NDSA Nongpyndeng Stadium.
“This is a poor person even if he works for this job, now who will support his family,” said one of the residents of Thangrain who is also a Government Officer from the area. who did not want to be named.
In his career for Manchester United and Real Madrid, Ronaldo has won three Premier League titles, one La Liga title, one FA Cup, two Football League Cups and two Copa del Real titles. Rey, twice in the UEFA Champions League, once in the UEFA Super Cup and twice in the FIFA Club World Cup.
Even among the many who praised him, there were many who hated him.
The PPM Sengkmie demands that the RBYF 20Mer Circle should clarify these allegations against the OC and the RBYF 20Mer Circle. If they cannot explain the rejection of the ejahar and the RBYF's rejection of the RTI findings of the Seng on the waste activities related to the poor house construction scheme in these two villages.
Who could understand, maybe one or two at most if any.
“I have also inquired about the measures and programs implemented by the Social Welfare Department including the prevention and public awareness activities,” he said. How the Departments, Rangbah Shnongs and the community have a role to play in ensuring that the campaigns are strong to encourage the residents to say No to Drugs”.
Other speakers who spoke on climate change included Sripata Dam from Impulse NGO and Kalamjoy from Imphal, Manipur.
The country gets new insights from research and experts, industry to import ideas from abroad, and the government provides policies and resources.
The theme of Bah Banteidor's speech from these two meetings was on his desire to improve education. “The literacy rate has increased significantly compared to previous years”. .
The NPP doesn't need many parties to support it.
On the other hand, Gogoi said he doubts that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will win again from the two constituencies in the state in the upcoming elections.
The budget for the construction of the stadium is T.9.25 crore, which includes the improvement of the football field and the construction of a public gallery.
Self-reporting will be used for all requirements and information as specified in the SSSA for accountability.
“We have discussed the relocation of the camp in some areas after the demand from the people, such as from the Mawlai area,” he said.
We too should have such a goal.
The Vatican has not yet announced how long Bishop Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst will be temporarily suspended from the diocese of Limburg. go and what shall he do in these days, while he is yet under the judgment?
Speaking to media, AMLAS President Danny Dunai said, “AMLAS has given 36 hours to the government to call for talks with Bah Ardent. The government has strongly urged the workers, shopkeepers, self-employed and others to close the dam immediately while the government is still ordering and then the government will listen to the target of reaching that 10 billion. dollar economy cannot succeed if we don't work together and the income of the state will collapse if we stop doing any work”.
Speaking on the occasion, the SP of Road Riders, Dr. Sacheng R. Marak, praised the cooperation of RERAM by saying that in these countries, bike riders Like the Hells Angels, Vagos used to be involved with robbers but in this state RERAM has joined hands to bring peace.
In Meghalaya, the scheme has been funded by the Central Government at Rs 90-100 and is implemented by the Department of Community & Rural Development to the districts and the BDO office. tar, while the daily wage is paid directly to the beneficiary or job card holder.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The distribution of schemes by the MLAs and especially the government's efforts to distribute schemes and open blocks in the state.
Kaba and eh than.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its third day with Cricket Smit and Marbisu CC winning their match today.
The office blockade of the Sengbhalang has severely affected all workplaces such as banks and offices.
Dr. Kharbuli, in her speech, said that kidney disease is a slowly fatal disease, in which many patients who have kidney disease do not know that they have kidney disease due to the lack of symptoms.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU-JHDU) on Tuesday said that many foreigners have come to trade and smuggle Benami in Jaintia Hills without obtaining a trading license from the District Council. He also met with the CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Vice Chancellor in his speech said that the University will soon meet with the Education Department of the State Government to discuss the NEP. If the new or old system is implemented so that the students will not be affected by the delay in starting their classes, and if they proceed with the new system the University together and the State Government should assist and support those colleges which are not able to implement the FYUP so that the students in those colleges will not be affected.
The Act will cover taxes on groceries, hardware, furniture, lights, ready-made garments, tea shops, tire shops, tax on commercial vehicles, Constructions Class-I, II workers. , III, IV category, suppliers, food and accommodation outlets, dry cleaning and laundry shops, clothing shops, day laborers, exporters, mobile shops and others.
The Khasi song “Shipek” (One peck) was released on the 4th of March and produced by NANGTEI PRODUCTION. The tune was composed by Diana M Marbaniang and composed by Bishow Chanambam and recorded at DI Studio.
Edward Shabong scored the winner for Lumdiengjri in the 20th minute.
In my humble opinion, many of our Khasi are ungrateful to those who have done them good.
We should not be ashamed to do any job, because any job or job that earns us a living is an honorable job, but many times we have thought only of an easy and highly paid job, We are pleased with the small and small jobs, when we talk about the job, it includes farming, planting, burying, cleaning, shooting stone, working in the fields, selling, cleaning, khap shniuh, carpentry, construction, and many others, except for theft and fraud which commit illegal acts against the community.
In Jesus it does not end with feelings, Jesus shares with people who are persecuted, suffering and suffering.
He said that the areas under the Sixth Schedule will be tools to protect the people in this area.
The route will start from Kiang Nangbah Stadium – Ladthadlaboh Main Road – New Hill – Law Musiang Mynthong Chutwakhu – Mission Compound – Longpiah – Dulong-Tpep-Pale and will end at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“Those who oppose this Bill mean that they have something wrong,” said the STIEH leaders. It is worth mentioning that the STIEH leaders have recently met with the Governor to urge The Governor has sent the Bill back to the KHADC to resolve the issues.
Therefore, residents and drivers are requested to be patient in this regard.
James K Sangma was defeated by TMC candidate Rupa Marak in the last MLA election from Dadenggre.
This is the first time that the Social Welfare Department has appeared in its anti-drug activities.
Earlier, Romeo Phira Rani, filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate.
"The meeting was attended by Rev. (Dr) OL Snaitang, Prof. OR Challam, Retired Associate Professor of Kiang Nongbah College, Jowai, Prof. Loniak Marbaniang, Retired Teacher NEHU. The competition was inaugurated by Rev.(Dr).
On this occasion, a monument to this hero of the village was also unveiled. Although he is no longer in the world, his name and glory will remain for the future generations to inspire and follow his example. and his good works as a pioneer.
He was buried on 25th July 1908 at Nongsawlia, Sohra.
If the border demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya in Khanduli, Khatkasla-Psiar and Block 1 continues for a long time, it may lead to tragic and terrible incidents as the residents of these areas have expressed their grief. jingiah and kdang don't just ap shi ap.
He also urged everyone to visit the exhibition.
This sudden change in the syllabuses has shocked the booksellers who have already reserved the science XI books purchased from the companies.
According to KHNAM General Secretary Bah Batkupar Wahlang, how can there be cooperation when all the candidates have already been announced in all the constituencies.
During the inspection, the journalists found that the silver bars of the bridge have been broken and some parts have been cut off, while others have been left completely broken.
VK Paul, Member of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, expressed great concern, as the months ahead, are the months of many festivals and therefore, he said. The rainy season will be the best time to spread the corona virus.
The National Vice President of the party said that the NPP will win 34 out of 60 seats and will form a single government in
He said that his cow was stuck in the middle of the fire and burnt down. The reporter turned to the place where his cow was stuck but could not be seen anymore. and the tins of the trees that were cut down were cut down.
Shillong: There have been 151 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 218 cases have recovered.
The funeral service of Ma Corinth will be held on 29.12.2020 at 1 pm at the Khimusniang Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Regarding the teachers, it was also felt that they should take more responsibility in how to teach the children so that they will learn to respect the elderly and especially in avoiding them and the staff. churches of different religions and churches which have a special and important role in building up human life in spiritual matters, should remember that along with religious preaching it is necessary to develop people morally so that to improve society.
Rangajied scored the goals through Raitkutshisha Buam in the 27th minute, Reson Malngiang in the 72nd minute and Chanmetre Thma in the 79th minute while Nangkiew Irat scored in the 34th minute.
According to the complaint, the contractor has not done the work and has not shown any signs and this has caused problems to the people.
That is why God revealed to John about this on the island of Patmos: “And we saw another angel flying in mid heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth; And I say unto you, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made him. heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters" Revelation 14:6-7
However, there is a danger if they do it without understanding the conditions of water, water safety, double drowning, secondary drowning, dry rescue and especially first aid.
Of the deaths, 8,102 include Maharashtra with 3,438, Gujarat (1,347), Delhi (984), Madhya Pradesh (427), West Bengal (432), Tamil Nadu. 326), Uttar Pradesh (321), Rajasthan (259) and Telangana (156).
On the same day, the owners and drivers first held a public meeting at Madan Pahamsyiem and after the meeting, they held another public meeting from Madan Pahamsyiem to the DTO office. The petition has been sent to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, to urge it to speak to the state government, on the problems faced by the drivers of commercial vehicles regarding the increase in the price of petrol.
“We don't know the disease that has afflicted these children, when we thought, we called Tymmen Basan Amos, he prayed and when he prayed, the devil answered, when Tbn.Amos, asked "Who are you, that demon told me that name and in the testimony of Tbn.Amos, sometimes the demon obeyed and came out but I don't know the names of those demons," he said. said Mr. Bidis.
In Laitumkhrah, DV Lyngdoh, ADM and Silvester Phanbuh, EM in the presence of Police, Urban Development Department and Shillong Municipal Board, G. Nongkynrih Scientist C from NIELIT Office. Shylla, Junior Engineer (Mech) from PWD (R) National Highway Division and L.Syiem, Junior Karate Coach from District Sport Officer.
Cicer arietinum, also known as 'gram', is found throughout India; but it is better grown in areas with less rainfall such as the United Provinces and Punjab.
I am very surprised and disappointed with this action of the state government on this issue,” he added.
“Promising to fight for the rights of the people in this region, Sangma said, “I have fought in the past and I will continue to fight.
So now they have become one husband,” explained the mother. “That's enough.
“Through the MDC and MP elections, this is a warning to the political parties that used to mislead the people, the parties that come out just to contest elections will end and only the VPP will stand”.
Shillong, June 09: The remains of Bah Robert Kharshiing, former MP of Meghalaya to the Rajya Sabha, were laid to rest on Saturday at the Catholic Cemetery in Laitumkhrah. , Shillong.
We don't know why this is the case with human beings these days, when the power of democracy has become the power of money and it is no longer the election of a leader, but it has become. it is the election of the one who has money and thus the one who has the most money, he shall be the leader.
“The statement of the Minister of Home Affairs about my absence from the dorbar is a lie.
Shillong: There have been 264 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 323 recoveries and 4 deaths, of which all 4 have not been injected.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) have canceled their strike after the authorities agreed to release some of their salaries after they had increased the price. The employees demanded to pay T.20,000 to each employee while the management said to pay only T.15,0
He said the government has prepared the project, saved Shillong from danger and made Shillong a Safe and Secure Shillong.
He still holds the men's record by winning the Stockholm Diamond League in a distance of 89.94m where he also broke his own record.
One of these youths, Rymphang Syiemlieh from Kynshi Village, said that in the past he used to be shy and did not dare to stand up for jobs and especially go abroad.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has decided to pursue the aspirations of the youth to get an engineering and science college in Jaintia Hills.
Nilesh Kumar Agarwal and Rtn.
The farmer managed to escape and informed other residents by phone about the threat.
The three-day tournament ended on 13th November.
The six arrested were identified as Nujammil Ali (48) of Karimganj, Surujamal Ali (20) of Kamrup Assam, Abduch Chalam (20) of Krihamari, Barchuliya, Assam, Fulchan Ali (30) of Karihamari, Nur Hussain Ali of Kamrup and Raham Ali (63) of Nalbari, Assam.
Sd/- Sd/-Robert june             Roy Kupar SynremPresident                                                          General Secretary HYC : C : HYC : CEC. Security forces of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Tuesday conducted heavy raids against During the raid, they also arrested 108 robbers involved in the illegal sale of train tickets in Guwahati.
These four members who have left ARPA have been able to hold more lucrative departments such as Trade, Development, Forest and Market.
After a strong internal shock, and the pressure of the people, she returned to the District Council, where she was in 1984-8
After the establishment of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) in 2016, the MGSPHSVA has fought inside and outside the courts to achieve the basic demand for to the right Aiῆ.
On the other hand, FKJGP has already sent many letters to the NHAI through the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to repair the NH6 but the NHAI has not listened and ended up with the false promises of the NHAI. The Information Secretary of FKJGP-EJHD has urged the two MLAs of the constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and Santamary Shylla, to think about the problems of the people because the people have elected them to look after the problems of the people. and Bah Mishal Chyrmang.
She said that the action of a policeman in iong uniform as witnessed through the videos that have been circulated was an attempt to injure these two women from Mawlai. Mawtawar, Ujalimut.
Tura: A 22-year-old girl named Tengsime M Sangma has committed suicide at the hospital this evening.
JOWAI: The Lei Synshar Cultural Society (LSO) has celebrated the 157th Death Anniversary of U Kiang Nangbah with a Youth Conference at LP School, Chyrmang Nein.
They said that the Sub-Centre is located at Mawkadiang which is about 15 km on foot from the village and about 18 km on foot to the Civil Hospital at Mawiaban.
Speaking to reporters, MPCA leader Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said the proposal to implement Aadhar in the state should be stopped immediately as it is against the order of the Supreme Court. country which has made it clear that the practice of Aadhar is voluntary and not compulsory.
Speaking on the welcome speech by the President of India, Rahul Gandhi, he said that the President's speech did not mention the richest and the common people.
So I feel the best thing is for me to call you all by the word “friend".
However, the problem that has happened to the people is that once they have been robbed, especially when they have been robbed of their money, they don't want to change. later, but the spirit of knowledge does not allow them, even if the person who came to help is not yet ready, but he was chosen blindly because he came to help at the right time. mad is the problem.
Later, it was handed over to the relatives to fulfill the needs.
KSU Rimuliang Circle President Samla Jylliewsing Marweiñ said that the visit to demolish the gate was led by the Acting Syiem of Phlowing Hima, Nongmynsaw Syiemship. The Seng has found that this gate has illegally collected taxes up to T.1000/- each pick up carrying sying and synsar from the Rimuliang-Langpih area.
Earlier, about 50 cyclists took part in the day by riding 14 km as part of the suicide attempt.
“On the 9th of June, he came home and said, designated chief minister.
Shillong: U Bobby L Nongbet has been selected to attend the FIFA Elite Coaching Course to be held in Goa from tomorrow 17th to November 22, 2018.
In order to make children responsible in society, the responsibility of parents is heavy.
He said that the District Council has also given permission to set up a market in Marbi area which will be opened next month.
The Union Minister inaugurated the road in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu. Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Shri Chowna Mein, Minister of Tourism Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare Kyrmen Shylla and MLA of Arunachal Pradesh Jowai and Wailadmiki Shylla.
AAY Khaw will be distributed 35 kilos per month free of charge, PHH Khaw will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA Khaw will be distributed 7.215 kilos per month. The price of Die Lang should not exceed Rs.12.00/- per kilo and the price of Die Khutia should not exceed Rs.14.00/- per kilo.
However, it is time for the people of God to come to politics if there is a special calling, said Poh Sword.
I call upon us to stand together to oppose and strongly condemn religious extremist groups regardless of whether they are affiliated with any political party.
Congratulations to the Trinamool Congress Youth Group for exposing this fact and drawing the ear of the government and the organizing committee on this issue.
Residents of Riangdo area standing in front of Meghalaya Rural Bank in Riangdo.
Two MMA athletes from the state, Donbestar Syiemlieh and Amos Nongrang, won gold medals at the Club War 21 Tournament held in Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that Bah Teibor has a profound and special mind which has enabled him to employ thousands of young men and women.
He said the purpose of their meeting was to resolve the issue of students, construction and to open Science and Commerce.
The Doctor of Philosophy recipients were Mr Jacob Myrten, Mrs Angeleen Lyngdoh and Mr Donboklang Marbaniang.
And how can people register their complaint within 20 days? And how they think about the future and the future generation.
In the petition, the Nongpoh MLA said that before opening schools, the necessities such as masks, hand sanitizers and other necessities should be provided. Social distancing in all schools to prevent the spread of COVID-1
He is undergoing treatment at HN Reliance Hospital in Mumbai since 21st October
The money was seized by the Umkiang Police Station under the witness of the Magistrate.
If there is a book, we will escape the disease, All the Khasi country, Let us plant mawnam, All over the country.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 4,993 and the death toll has risen to
On the one hand, the claim that the backlog of development projects is due to corruption is well founded, but to say that it is 100 percent due to corruption is unfair. This is acceptable because most of the time even the people are involved in corruption where they don't think of themselves as corrupt but they are quick to point out the government leaders and officers.
The Rangbah Shnong said that although it is a great joy for the villagers after the Government has introduced the Saubhagya scheme for the residents of the village which is a scheme which provides electricity to the villagers. However, it is sad that after receiving this scheme, the delivery of bill light is slow and takes years. The payment of bill light once a year has caused a lot of trouble to the people of this village.
As time goes by, the sky becomes more beautiful and brighter.
Shillong: In view of the increasing number of cases in East Khasi Hills District and especially in the city and suburbs of Shillong, the Meghalaya government through The Home Political Department has decided to close down some shops which do not sell food and beverages.
However, on the other hand, there is a concern, by many experts, that this teaching, can create distance between man and man, in youth relationships and in many relationships in the world. marriage, because they would rather talk stories and exchange love with robots than spend time with other humans.
Nongpoh: This morning at 2 pm, several small shops in Nongpoh have been set on fire by robbers. which has caused losses to the owners of these shops.
He urged the government officials to expedite the census so that the government can take the necessary action as soon as possible.
This day was held to commemorate the surrender of Syiem Tirot Singh who stood up to fight against the Dohlieh on the 4th of June,
He said that the residents of Mupyut and the Mupyut area have been suffering in all aspects since the closure of the coal mine.
“An independent investigation to be supervised by the court should be launched to find out the collusion between the MDA government and these contractors because although they have violated all the rules and regulations, they have violated all the rules and regulations. Gokhale said these findings will confirm his allegation that there is a collusion between the MDA government and some contractors. those who are closely associated with the government and who have also been able to implement many of the expensive projects of the government.
It is worth mentioning that the district authorities of West Khasi Hills have destroyed the coal factories by destroying the factories.
What we need most is to implement a policy that is not yet fully developed and to make it a one-time meal and not to implement it fully, which is against the nature and meaning of the policy or full implementation to ensure that its objectives can be achieved? Ordinance OC-8 of Nehu which has been amended and Regulation RC-12 governing UG Courses, Course Title and Subject Combination have been approved at the meeting. 110 of the Academic Council (AC) held on 19th January and 2nd July 2023 which was released on 28th July
It is also prohibited to sell meat in the area.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases and in Ribhoi District, 2 cases.
His follower also lived in the same house.
In the Mizoram elections, the election posters were taken from Meghalaya, which gave the Congress reason to criticize the party. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today confirmed that the Khasi question paper for Class IX is indeed stolen. The same question was asked to the students who took the Khasi examination today.
With the passage of time, women have also improved in many ways. Many women have become educated, intelligent and farsighted.
He said that there are many incidents of violence, such as the case of Franco Mulakal, one of the priests, but the church leaders do not dare to expose these incidents outside, because it does not offend the priests or the bishops.
Meanwhile, media reports said that there are still some people who are still stuck inside the market even after the incident.
The rally will start from 10 am to 12:30 pm.
The seized kwai was handed over to the Rongra Police Out Post for further investigation.
The race was organized and conducted by the Sports Department of NEHU Campus, Shillong.
The preparation of this dance is really amazing.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement today said that the Jaintia Hills Police are surprised how the HNLC members were able to detonate bombs in such a place. , which is very important.
The UDP has forced other parties to contest the Lok Sabha elections as the UDP leaders in Ribhoi who have left the party have become independent. to elect any candidate in the election because they have not yet decided which party they will join.
Shillong, July 25: On the 24th of this month at 1:20 pm, armed robbers carrying knives and pistols broke into a Maruti car. number inside the BSC-C&C headquarters at Mawrusyar (WKH), and robbed mobile phones and money from the company.
Also present on the occasion were Pius Marweiñ MLA Ranikor Constituency, Bah Ollan Sing Suiñ, MLA Mawsynram, Bah KK Mawa, Chief Engineer PWD Roads Meghalaya, Bah T Lyngwa. Deputy Commissioner SWKHD, SMA Razi, IRTS Commissioner & Secretary PWD Government of Meghalaya and other government officials.
Pastor Gadew said that man today seeks only to please others to share in the happiness and has turned to something wrong.
“I don't know anything about that, and my answer is no,” said Prestone.
Two persons were shot dead at Mookhep village in East Jaintia Hills district during a protest by MIPRLM against the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
And the belief that if you create a place to visit Lum Shyllong, it will bring you many benefits.
The land is the office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB),” said Prestone.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War, said that five people in the state have been confirmed positive for the virus. Omicron (Covid -19) but out of these 3 cases have recovered completely, one has left for Assam and currently only one person is still infected with the virus and is undergoing treatment.
If you don't love yourself, where will you go? Who will help us in the darkness if we don't look after the welfare of our neighbors? Who will protect us from the flood? Who will give us a place if we are not willing to work with each other? Shaei shall I flee? We have no place to flee because we have no place at all other than this land we have now.
However, mankind must strive hard to maintain it because if it is wrong, life itself will lead to misery.
When asked about the demand for the removal of Vincent H Pala from the post of MPCC President, Syiem said, “The four Congress MLAs have not yet been able to put forward any proposal. They have been suspended and cannot speak on behalf of the party.
The Minister of State for Education, Dharmendra Pradhan, has called for improvements in the training of teachers so that they can be strengthened. method implemented in schools.
If we are understanding and intelligent people, let us think together for our children tomorrow and tomorrow.
The workshop was held at the State Convention Center Shillong.
Jowai, July 11: On the 9th of this month, Jowai Police have received a complaint from the parents of two 13-year-old boys who have been raped by two men. Two persons were arrested in Barato village.
“These foreign leaders said that they came from Uttarakhand and arrived in Assam Golpara District through the smuggling of umphniang khem and they also admitted that they came from Nongstoiñ to sell medicines. sha Lad Rymbai,” said the leader, adding that after the members of the Seng checked the documents, they found that they did not have the necessary documents such as Epic and Trading License. .
The lama was inaugurated by Rgh Chui Pohlynjar, Daloi of Nongtalang District.
This was revealed when BB Lyngdoh, PR Kyndiah and other APHLC leaders filed a complaint in the Gauhati High Court against Captain Sangma's attempt to join the Congress party at the meeting. in Mendipathar.
The Commission has fixed the polling day for the Lok Sabha General Election 2024 on
I have completed my graduate degree, but I don't need a job and I bought a car to earn a living and I have all the necessary documents for a car,” said Kahanr.
Speaking to reporters, Fela said that the traditional religious group in Mizoram now has about 5,000 followers and their traditional religion is also known as Lalhnam.
Shillong, Nailar, 03: The Superintendent of Police (FRO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has directed the managers or owners of hotels and guest houses within the district boundary to You must register your User ID to submit the Online “C” Form.
It is worth mentioning here that the former Tyrna was a village of soh u pai, especially sohñiamtra and kwai u tympew.
Furthermore, reports said that between 20 and 30 armed men attacked the house of the police chief after forcibly opening the gate.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: To encourage the students to continue to do well in their higher education, the KSU Umden Unit once again awarded 28 students who passed the examination. SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate students from Umden received the 3rd Maitshaphrang Excellence Academic Award.
Commander Shangpliang, who is also the Chairman of the Special Committee of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle to look after the issues of the Mawkyrwat Circle, recently attended a meeting to discuss the preservation of the environment. Domtraw of Mawsaw area where many residents have expressed their concern over the lack of drinking water.
After Bah Rocky Hek resigned this year, I tried again to say that a meeting should be called but this too did not work,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
In his speech, Amit Shah said he appealed to all the states of the North East to sit down, discuss and resolve the issues for the betterment.
She added that this four day training is the first time to be held in Mawkyrwat.
Song of the Psalmist:-I'll run forward to my heavenly home, Leave sin and the world; But between me and that Land of Promise there is a bright and wide gap.
Besides, the BSF also arrested three Indians (residents of West Garo Hills) from the place where they helped to smuggle the mynder into India.
Shanbor Shullai, the BJP candidate, received 75,705 votes.
Baghdadi, who lives closely with one of the Kurdish soldiers, was able to reach Baghdadi's house after a thorough search.
This happened at the residence of Badakshan Governor Nisar Ahmad Ahmadi in Faizabad on Friday.
India has considered its offensive against the insurgents a success, and speaking to reporters at two places in Tuensang, Nagaland and Ukhrul Manipur, Major General Ranbir Singh said the operation has been successful. The incident occurred due to the shooting death of Indian troops by the insurgents.
The road is built on the inside of the river and it is suspected that the hume pipes have been broken from underground which has caused the water to flow into the road.
The people beware of such things.
Congratulating Bah Tynsong on his appointment, Conrad Sangma said; “I would like to join other leaders who have expressed their happiness over the election of Bah Prestone Tynsong as the new president of the NPP in Meghalaya.
It is obvious that the border demarcation between Meghalaya-Assam has ended only at the negotiating table of the government officials by holding social or status-quo that development works in the border villages should be informed before implementation while Assam. with sop sop and work.
The HNLC has urged the Rangbah Shnongs, Dolloi and Syiems to stand together for their rights.
In order to facilitate the speedy resolution of the issues, those persons who have retired from the Office of the Principal Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, Shillong are requested to send their names in advance to the O/o the Pr.
Furthermore, on the appointment of a new full time VC at the university, the KSU once again urges the central government to fight as much as possible to appoint a villager who can understand the problems of the villagers. the owner of the country.
Regarding the Mukhap Student Youth Organization's claim that it will follow up on the water from the PHE department, the KSU would like to ask why the Mukhap Student Youth Organization still needs to follow up on the PHE water. If there is no such shortage of water in the village?
However, after witnessing in the last session, the Governor of Meghalaya addressed the House in Hindi, which caused discontent among the members of the House who did not understand or learn Hindi, and it should also be borne in mind that Hindi is not the Official Language or the Central Language of Meghalaya.
Wow!  Mother, Sniew your own behavior, involve yourself in alcohol when there is a crime against women or a murder.
Earlier, he said that he has written his writings but does not want to publish them for fear that they may not be sufficient or that there may be a mistake.
Ma Helping said that since these villages under San Shnong have attracted tourists from the state and abroad, the most important thing is that all the residents should have a responsibility to maintain cleanliness so that the people of the area can benefit from the tourism industry.
He said the party will contest in all the constituencies if it gets enough people and has hope.
“The Executive Committee (EC) of KHADC led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, has opened the file. since 2014, and when they find out in that year that there is that cut and arrangement that I have already explained...we too if we get the opportunity to sit here (by pointing to the Secretariat), we will ask “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
Border crossing, increasing power outages, lack of training facilities for young athletes, Umiam Bridge, lack of scholarships for students who pass well and especially those who are poor and others These are the problems that the society has been facing for decades and which continue to this day but the government and the MPs have not been able to eliminate these problems.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
In the design, if there is a shortcoming, he has to take responsibility, if it is in terms of work, the contractor and those in charge of the work, the engineers, have to take responsibility.
The CUET examination is conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA).
SS Infrazone is one of the companies selected to construct the Shillong-Dawki road.
The saying of the wise is “make hay while sunshines”.
The investigation is ongoing.
Rahul Shah of St. Anthony's College won the Man of the Tournament award while Kishan Lyngdoh of Shillong College won the Man of the Tournament award.
Speaking on the problem of employment in the state, the retired officer said that the central government led by the BJP has launched many schemes such as The mudra will provide financial assistance to the youth for their employment in whatever jobs they do, so that they can become self-sufficient and start their own businesses for their future. .
The meeting also discussed the need for central government support to improve and upgrade the PHCs, CHCs and sub-health centres, Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong and the Cancer Care Wing in Shillong. the state.
He also tried to introduce other policies in other departments such as Education and Finance Policy but as he had only two years, he was rejected. PA Sangma has not been able to fulfill his vision for Meghalaya.
The death toll has risen to 1,100 in Israel and the Gaza Strip, the report said.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal said that through this policy, the State Government will take steps to build electricity projects especially those that use water to generate electricity or pumped storage hydro project' in addition to the generation of electricity through other methods such as damming, solar, wind and coal.
Daplin asked herself about Lanosha's feelings about Bah.
These issues are that the MDA should approve only the UDP candidate from Shella and should give the post of Speaker to a UDP person. It is easy for the UDP candidate to win from Shella constituency even if he is the son of Dr. Don because the election itself is an election and there is a struggle and it is not known who will win.
Let us expand our thinking and establish the foundation of freedom and build the nation with well-founded and lawful ideas.
According to the information I have received from the people I sent to ask for information, they said that on 25.4.2023 there was a meeting of the Karbi in Myn-i village and they discussed that by taking advantage of this, the Khasi should no longer be allowed. Pnar from Meghalaya to hold a meeting or to explain and encourage the Labang Nangphyllut who live in this area to fight for the re-transfer of Block-1 to Meghalaya and they too should not be allowed to rise. sha Meghalaya.
Mr. Niangti welcomed all the members of the Union who attended and also the managers and caregivers of these children.
Recently, the DFO Nongstoin has tried to curb the illegal production and trafficking of rnga by requesting the District Magistrate to enforce 144CrPC in West Khasi Hills.
The Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills District and West Karbi Anglong District has held a meeting with the village leaders and members of the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong at the Khanduli Sports Ground and later with the Karbi people at the Police Border Outpost, Assam.
Furthermore, she said that the vehicle has been built in accordance with the current era, where the owners of the vehicles are happy to use or drive this new type of vehicle.
In East Khasi Hills, 53 cases including 1 Armed Forces and 52 civilians, 23 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi District. one in West Jaintia Hills.
Rida and I'm sorry..." Rida's mother replied briefly.
That Meghalaya will top all the states in terms of price increase as mentioned above is unlikely.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The social agreement between Meghalaya and the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC) and the Central Government is awaiting the approval of the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA). Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has not yet accepted the decision.
Israel has become empowered by the science and technology of today as we have seen, it is no longer the old Israel, but the new (Modern Israel) powerful country.
He recalled that since 1994, the party has taken this step to honor the students of Ri Khasi as a whole, and it was only when the party took this step, later the government also took this step. such awards were taken for the students who passed well.
They also discussed the markets under the jurisdiction of KHADC such as Byrnihat and Laitlyngkot to be improved and expanded. The EM Incharge has been appointed to take the necessary action and the department will look into the matter and take the necessary action so that there will be no misunderstanding from the public especially from the Mawlai Town Dorbar.
The trailer of the short film 'Ka TRE WAKHA' directed by Dauru Laloo and produced by Edison Shylla has been released on Dauru Production's YouTube channel.
Ardent said that many discussions have taken place in these days on the issue of Rangbah Shnongs and the discussions have been that the Rangbah Shnongs have been stripped of their powers but on his part – He said that it is not the loss of power of the Rangbah Shnong but the gratitude of the leaders who have been elected by the people for 40 years.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, he invited all the nature lovers and all to come and visit these beautiful places in the area so that they can witness with their own eyes.
Besides, it was also found that even foreign shopkeepers who have proper documents have not paid the Professional Tax.
Besides conducting a search operation for Amritpal across the state, police have also conducted a search operation in various districts.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, confirmed in a tweet that the four cases have been confirmed.
“While we are waiting for the recognition of the language through the inclusion under the Fifth Schedule, we don't want to leave without starting to promote our mother tongue through various means in the state”.
At the same time, he said the GNLA has links with the ULFA especially in its operations in Garo Hills.
It is estimated that machinery worth T.25-30 lakh was damaged in the fire.
Shillong: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the report submitted by the EM of the Elaka Department regarding the election of the full Syiem in the Hima Mylliem, Mylliem Syiemship.
Now don't speak in another voice.
The program began with a welcome speech by Dr.R.Thangkhiew, KNGCJ, B.Giri, Member Meghalaya Human Rights Commission, Jopmiki Shylla Advocate and AK Singh from the Department of Law (NEHU). ).
Police suspect that the GNLA suspects had taken the nine persons to the Songotagre forest by shooting at them. A team of police rushed to the forest to rescue them. who was kidnapped.
The MLA expressed his desire that NEIGRIHMS will conduct a Free Health Camp across the Mawryngkneng constituency which has been approved by the Director.
At the same time, she invited and urged the UDP party to come and support her if she feels that she needs to cooperate, as the UDP is also a member of the coalition government. “I don't care about the UDP, I have helped the Khliehriat CHC, I have donated T16 crore to the Khliehriat CHC which is the winning constituency. UDP, I don't hate the UDP, let's work together, I will do whatever I can, I propose this cooperation, this is part of the cooperation,” she said.
Rida cried like a child there.
“I understand we have our own concerns about this matter and I respect his feelings.
Therefore, the Kseh Rynshang Namdong Tourist Driver & Owners Association is requested to think of the poor people who work day and night, not to take advantage only for their own benefit.
However, in the 76th minute, Rangdajied scored another goal through Damehun Syih.
South Korean stars Son Ye-jin and Hyun Bin announced their engagement on Friday on Instagram.
“We have decided unanimously to contest for the post of Lamphang,” he said.
Because it is the opposition, it will find a way to respond and because it is weak, it will hylla while we who are strong will not hylla and we will continue to work and on the 21st the people of Shella will vote for the lotus flower,” he said. said Sanbor.
What kind of clothes you wear – these categories are not all necessary.
This is an age or days when children do not obey their parents, and do not understand the problems of their parents.
Jyrwa said the last fare increase was in 2011 and the RTA has not increased the fare yet although the Taxi Drivers Association has written and requested the government for a long time but until now. they did not believe.
In Ribhoi District, there are 2 cases, one health worker and one case from Sohphoh.
They also threw bombs, one of which exploded at the camp of the CRP, belonging to the 128 battalion,” said the police chief.
Ravi will replace incumbent SP Bobby SW Momin who has been appointed as SP (SB-II).
Those who could not contest the elections fled the field, this time they came to the Rajya Sabha through Rajashthan, the Congress party's position has deteriorated.
He joined as a teacher at Mawkhar Christian High School in 1954 and played a major role in starting a night school for poor children.
He also starred in the film 'Qila' in
The students were informed that the Village, Raid and Hima Headmen can be removed from any office by the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima, if there is a wrongdoing and if they no longer have the confidence of the Village Authority. They were also surprised through the speech of Bah John F Kharshiing, to learn that in the Khasi traditional rule there is a system of election in which they elect 'the one who has the most will' He said that the winner should get 90 out of 100 votes and explained that the Khasi traditional rule is not by majority in which even if there is more than 10 votes, the winner is the winner.
Explaining on the suggestion, CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that the suggestion is appropriate and the EC will examine and consider the matter. Private groups can earn lakhs of rupees a day, KHADC should also earn, he said, adding that the EC will take action on this issue.
The robbers also threw stones at the office, many of which were damaged and at the same time the robbers also tried to burn down the JCB, which was completely damaged.
“Despite the victory, I congratulate the people of Sutnga for their decision.
Time changes, time is the cure for diseases.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, Cornad K Sangma, promised that the state government has taken action on this road and the talks with the Central Government are ongoing. and so far the problem is only with the funding mechanism.
When Rupang tried to call the DTO, he said that he was still in a meeting and could not speak. When we tried to call him twice, he could not speak because he did not answer the phone. Therefore, it could not be clarified whether he is really the one who made these fake shohshkor of cows and if so, whether he made them himself or whether he colluded with the smugglers of cows to Bangladesh.
Other parties have only a few MLAs. NPP has 21 MLAs, Congress 17, UDP 7, PDF 4, BJP 2, HSPDP 2, KHNAM 1, NCP 1, IND 1 and UDP (associate) 1 .
The Umsning MLA also referred to the reports that the Mawlai MLA has been involved in the implementation of the scheme, where he was not invited at all during the meeting in Mawlai. to discuss this scheme.
He hoped that with the protection of the gods and kings, the Behdieñkhlam festival will end with the blessings of the Creator. saja, to have enough income and to prosper.
Shillong: U Bah Pyrwa Lymba, Dalloi of Darrang Elaka, together with the people, have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Francis Lamin who has been the Secretary of the Elaka for 25 years.
Shortly after Mandela's death, his body was taken to the military mortuary in Pretoria on Friday night, where the last rites will be conducted by Bishop Desmond Tutu. , who is one of the closest friends of Mandela and the former Archbishop of Cape Town and will be attended by many of the world's greatest personalities.
The meeting also condemned Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, for not taking seriously the plight of the coal miners and said that there are also people in Garo Hills who have died of starvation. , from the coal shortage in these days and the reason is because they don't have enough money to buy food and drink, or to take medicine for themselves.
If it continues like this in the next 100 days, the government will have to spend T.300 crore.
We would like to suggest to the State Government to reverse this decision by stipulating that if the report of the officers is not satisfactory for the first time, a fee should be sent. They don't have the money that the government (public money, in fact) has allocated for them to go abroad.
“We have asked for time to meet with the CMD, the Prime Minister but we have not received and the answer we have received from the Minister is not satisfactory so we have decided to start the protest,” he said. President of MeECL Progressive Workers Union, Bah Man Tiphrang Lyngdoh.
When these things happen, countries fight against another country, man against man.
The Tournament Committee has announced that the final match will be played on the 1st June 2023, between Tariang FC and Umsalait SC at 1 pm.
U Bah Dorphang had shaken hands with one of the women and laughed, after which he was seen standing at the beer shop and it was seen that it was poured into his glass from a large bottle.
He also expressed his surprise that in Lyngkhat the river and the football field have fallen to Bangladesh, in Pyrdiwah he said that the pillar which should have been in the middle of the river has reached the village.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech, urged the IVCS team to continue to work hard for the good cause by increasing the financial assistance to others and to implement them properly. scheme not obtained.
The four accused were identified as Philip Wahlang, Suberius Wahlang and Sabian Wahlang. Police have also arrested a child. under 18, whose name has been withheld.
On the Tactical Team-I involved in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, he said, “The Government has already decided to seek clarification from these policemen who are part of the Tactical Team-I. They shall be judged, and shall not be judged.
The Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, who supported the motion, said that there are areas that need to be improved for the benefit of the people.
Have you ever kept this knowledge in your head and in your heart? – The parable says that a high-ranking officer wanted to work across the river, so he sat on the boat of the village Maji with contempt and contempt for his short job.
So the finance department was ready with a full budget.
That period will be 3.5 years, or 42 months, or 1,260 days, as foretold at Daniel 9:2
The Ministry of Education, Meghalaya, through a notice issued by the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) of Dadengre Sub-Division, West Garo Hills District on 10th July 2024, The Government Lower Primary School has issued a resolution regarding the candidates who have passed the interview and been selected as Assistant Teachers in 34 Government Lower Primary Schools.
On the allegation of involvement of the SHNLC in the murder of Bah Cherish, the President of the HNYF said, “The SHNLC has immediately clarified that it has no involvement, but the The HNLC has heard of their involvement and is still looking for evidence to the extent of their involvement and the HNLC is continuing with this.
He admitted that every month the Government spends T.12 lakh and T.5000 thousand for an ambulance which requires five personnel to treat the people but due to the lack of staff, the staff who There are those who are now being forced and the work is more difficult while the salary is low.
He said that the suspects used five phones to talk to him. First they used two of their own phones but as there was no battery in their phone they used his phone and two phones. u SP. At the time of the abduction, he said that it was between 12 and 4 pm.
The struggle of the party is based on principles and not by deceiving the people with money or otherwise.
They reveal a new life full of hope......Return to the woods.
In his speech, the chief guest explained that the word 'sustainability' means to stand on one's own feet and this can be achieved through the hard work of the farmers.
I don't see any problem like this either, because across India shops, houses, markets have been destroyed and continue to be destroyed, if there is a basis, a reasonable reason that the Government authorities need I don't know......Lah.
“The seven feasts are SIGNS to the world” Amen.
This painful part is in the parts of the amlarie.
KSU Lapangap has sent a letter to the EE PWD North Jowai Division on the 11th of this month to start the construction of this road from Lapangap to Barato as it is the right time to start the construction of this road especially in these months. The slap has fallen without stopping to ensure the safety of the people of the border area.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, in the past few days, has said that illegal workers from Myanmar have been involved in drug trafficking in Manipur. The State Government will continue to fight against the spread of drugs in Manipur.
“It is on this basis that the Police have done their duty.
After a meeting which lasted for several hours, the NHAI officers agreed to take back the old rate of 30 tyngka per day.
In this regard, the SRTWW has also held an emergency meeting on 20/05/2019 with a strong understanding that no one is allowed to do such things. the SRT will take legal action against them.
“We have prepared that in all parts of this Bill, we will introduce a Khasi Traditional Tribal Museum and Institute to strengthen the customs and traditions,” he said.
Thank you all for your condolences through various social media to our family as a sign of encouragement.
He didn't eat himself, but when he saw the cow eating the skum, he was shocked.
Krishna Kumar Dubey, 48, had sent a two-metre-long jain to the dorji to sew a patlun poh, but what surprised him was that when he had finished sewing, Your patlun is too short.
“The KSU's position is that the government should not implement it since
On the other hand, the Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet Jeria, former President of Chile (2006 – 2010 and 2014 – 2018), has suggested to the Rot Association of Meghalaya to select and seek the assistance of Kong Sanjibita McDonald Tariang Sen, Vice Consul at the British Deputy High Commission, Kolkata.
Speaking to media, he said that the promises of the BJP are mere lies as they have not been able to fulfill their promises.
The new office bearers of JSU Khliehriat Circle include President Livingson Dkhar Sana, General Secretary Ajoymension Lyngdoh, Vice President Winchester Salahe, Assistant Secretary Niboy Rymbai, Finance Secretary Eamnual Bhoi, Office Secretary Defense Secretary Siangshai. Emanual Lyngdoh, Assistant Sports Secretary Shanbormeki Sutnga and 25 other members of the party who have already taken oath.
He said that according to the law, if these questions are not available in the Block office, it should be followed or even according to Section 6 (3) of the RTI
The money received was deposited in the Treasury Civil Deposit.
The ban on posting posters in government or private places without permission is for the purpose of election campaign by various parties in the district and for the purpose of flags or posters. There is no restriction on the use of government or private property if they have been born from the owners. or the government if on government property.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has decided to discuss and take a decision on the implementation of the Roster System at the next Cabinet meeting. .
Otherwise, the Government should also demand the appointment of Governors who speak English as mentioned above.
The term of election of a leader is only for five years and is not the term of appointment of a king.
You are a good man.
Leaders of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (MTMC) on 5th July welcomed former MLA SG Esmatur Mominin and former MLA Robinus Syngkon at a meeting held at at Pinewood, Shillong.
Larsing Khyriem MLA, has strongly opposed the Assam Government's plan to withdraw these Block from Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Commission has decided and recommended to the Assam Government to withdraw these two blocks from the Jowai Sub-Division and forcibly merge them into Mikir Hills District (now Karbi-Anglong).
If they find that it is a scheme only for households, they should explain it to the public so that many churches can know and decide at the time of voting.
It causes and enables us to sin and tell lies :- This affects especially those families who do not have a longkni.
Application forms can also be obtained from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Khliehriat.
According to a directive issued by the Shillong Municipal Board, the owner of the parking lot has been allowed to charge T.10 per shikriah, or a plastic bag weighing 50 kilos, or a polo bag. The vendors who are located on the ground floor of the parking lot at Anjalee parking lot.
Shillong, November 18: The Movement for Indigenous Rights (MIPRL) has expressed its regret over the decision of the High Court on November 10, 2014, in which the recognition of the The Rangbah Shnong of Pamrakmai, who falls under the jurisdiction of the JHADC, has not been summoned to the hearing. The Rangbah Shnong of Pamrakmai did not have a lawyer.
The new journey Both of them worked hard to provide for all the needs of the household, even in the midst of despair and despair.
Although this is the first time, it is a pride for the State as a whole that the Sqay team has been able to take part in the tournament. and he gave them the bronze medal.
She said that at the meeting held in 2014, it was also decided that buyers of farmers' products cannot cut more than 2 kilos from 50 kilos, and farmers' products cannot cut more than 50 kilos. kilograms above, the weight is 3.5 kilograms.
Dillip sustained serious injuries after being attacked by Krishna and his driver Tapas Das.
Sixteen teams participated in the tournament organized by the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Meghalaya Football Association.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra, Shillong, has reached 154.2mm from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm today. In the morning, the slap fell to 268.6mm.
In his visit, he found that people flock to Khyndai Lad to prepare for Christmas
The expenditure on the payment of salaries to Adhoc teachers per annum is T.145 crore but if the salary increase of T.18,000 is included, the State Government will have to pay T.13 crore. crore per month and Rs 156 crore per annum.
In a letter dated 2nd June 2024, VHP General Secretary Bajrang Bagra said that on 27th October 2024, two foreign workers were killed in Ichamati during a protest against the government. He said the district where the incident occurred is exempt from the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) because it has the Sixth Schedule and this has led to the death of two Hindus in people who don't know at all.
The AC has given urgent permission regarding the MDC courses and has written and distributed them to the members, but they do not agree with the MDCs who have been sent to colleges by the OSD, CDC NEHU for in 1st Semester; This is what the Khasi call 'Bam ja khluit'
On the appointment of him by the Prime Minister, Alphons said that the BJP government respects all the minorities and for that reason, there are non-Christian ministers like me. There are also Muslim ministers in the Narendra Modi government.
Referring to the struggle of Syiem Tirot Singh, one of the French chiefs who fought against Tirot Singh said, “If all the Khasi chiefs had joined together in this struggle which took place all over the country, If it had started with the massacre at Nongkhlaw, it would have been difficult for the Khasi Hills”.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 318 new cases have been confirmed and 2121 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Speaking on the occasion, the Adviser of the unit, Bah Starwell Wanniang, said that the purpose of the program is to encourage and motivate the students of the village to pursue their careers. reading, as well as the distribution of these shatri is to protect from the rain and the heat of the sun.
The first phase of the written test will be held on 27 th July,
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 20: Pyndenkynshliah Lower Primary and Upper Primary School beat Nongkdait Social Welfare Organization 7-0 in the Chief Boys Football Tournament. The Minister's District Level Under-12 Years Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
Bah Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong said that the area will be covered with a footpath and a place to wash clothes. tnum to avoid the rain and more importantly, to provide electricity so that the residents can come to Saturday evening at night.
Mawtari Myrdon Church has become one of the most prominent churches in Ri Bhoi District.
The book written about the drama has been released and the forwarding address has been written by (L) Barrister Pakem, former Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University,” said Maitshaphrang.
The price of Tyrpad leaves is 35 tyngka for one number and 25 tyngka for two numbers.
The French officials were delighted to see this treasure and to walk in the clean air which encouraged them to walk for a while in the midst of admiring the beauty of Law Lyngdoh Law. Sacred Forest and Mawphlang Dam.
Shillong: Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma on Tuesday said that the government should introduce an order that those who are old and old in the police force should retire.
The meeting was also attended by the Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Social Welfare Department, Pravin Baksi, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities Sabrella B Marak and senior officials of the state government.
The manner in which Jesus was tortured and executed was also terrible and it was a message from the rulers to the people that anyone who stood and fought against the authorities or rulers would suffer the same fate. you crash.
The union has warned that from now on, the village authorities should immediately stop issuing NOCs to foreigners.
Jesus did not abolish the commandments of fathers, mothers or what we call traditional teachings or customs or culture and at the same time Jesus did not emphasize or condemn the way of reading and explaining that is contrary to they shall not be able to benefit themselves.
He said that during the inspection, he found that there is no signage on the buses and commercial taxis which has caused problems to the disabled, especially to the disabled. He also found that commercial buses and taxis do not push to carry the disabled when traveling.
“Dr Mukul will contest from two constituencies, Songsak and Ampati,” Limison said.
At these times, perhaps the youth may not be able to think about the functioning of elections, politicians and the functioning of the legislature for the sake of their future, but we need leaders. Don't say it's not necessary or don't say it's just a game or a spectacle because in a democratic country and in a small nation like ours if we can't get the right leaders and organization to bring peace one day we shall not be able to perish from our land.
The load shedding will end once the load is cleared.
On the same day, the Minister also announced the allocation of Rs 2.1 crore for the improvement of the Nongkseh Stadium.
He said that perhaps because it is the first time and people do not understand well, only about 200 people have been selected in this tournament.
He was also informed that the KCC has been extended to be implemented for the farmers in the livestock and fish farming sectors by informing the banks for the allocation of funds.
Speaking on the zebra line, many of the people of the state are not responsible for what the police department has done for them. from injury, accident and so on.
Police have received a complaint that on 24th July at about 5 pm, a two wheeler (ML-05X-9261) belonging to a man named Lapynskhem Lamare was stolen. steal from the parking lot in Umsohsun.
The family, who belong to the Presbyterian Church, said that they informed the Tymmenbasan, Pastors and they also came to the house to pray.
It is understood that during the visit of the BJP leader to the state, many issues will be discussed on the political situation in the state. The party has announced that it will contest the election.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: Three persons including two women, a child and two men were killed in a road accident at Um Tyr-a, Weighbride, East Jaintia Hills today. .
The coronavirus outbreak in China is now known as the Coronavirus.
On the other hand, when talking to the village leaders of these villages, many of them said that this area has been neglected for decades without roads.
On the other hand, Bah Twinkle Buhphang, said that the allegation by the group is completely wrong, because as the Rangbah Shnong, he did not use force or work alone, but worked together. and the people of the village, without offending anyone, but if these elders find that I have done too much or I have done wrong, I am ready to apologize to them, that is, through face to face discussion and to improve if there is a lack here and there.
This is the third meeting held on the 25th of November where we listened to their demands and tried to resolve the issues.
Two months after the inauguration of the celebration, the State Government has declared the 22nd July as a Government Holiday.
The words of the tree to man and the warning “Heaven and earth woe to the ungrateful” have been fulfilled and will continue to be fulfilled for us human beings in this evil age.
They include Rangbah River O. Wahlang as President, Rev. Dimosen and Rangbah Pynshngain Roy Wahlang as Vice Presidents, Rangbah RWillie Wahlang as General Secretary, Rangbah Shaiphar K. Wahlang and Rangbah Dilton John Wahlang as Joint Secretary. Maristella Treasurer, Banrikupar Wahlang Finance Secretary Asstt Organizing Secretary, Mary N. Wahlang Social & Cultural Secretary, Darity Wahlang Asstt, Sara Wahlang Education Secretary, HB Wahlang and Choland Wahlang as Adivser and Margareth Wahlang. Auditor.
The Sengbhalang and Village Leaders of War Jaintia have unanimously demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of the District should convene a meeting to discuss the opening of trade with Bangladesh.
It is up to everyone to follow these necessary guidelines but these guidelines are only for prevention and not for cure.
The life and journey of Jesus from Bethlehem to Golgotha ​​was a path of restless struggle for righteousness and truth.
Shillong: U Helping Phawa, former MDC of Tuber, has joined the PDF at a meeting held at Khliehtyrshi on Saturday.
Others include Rev Fr M.Thongni, Principal of JNV, District Heads, teachers and students of Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : The Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne on Tuesday said that he will talk to the Executive Committee (EC) to ensure that the division of constituencies should be completed before the elections. MDC will be elected next year.
Tomorrow, Friday, the match will be between Demthring and Shangpung Moosyiem at 2:30 pm.
Among the beneficiaries of this program with the assistance of RBI. He said that this program 'Townhall Meeting' is one of the most important ways in such awareness meetings, where the people of the Reserve Banks will be able to listen to their suggestions to improve the work of MSME Entrepreneurs.
At the closing ceremony, Bah Donkupar Sumer MDC Umsning Constituency was the chief guest, TbnSS Lapang, Aibor Lapang President CE Society Umdihar Church and others. the elders of the area.
During the march, they strongly condemned the bloodthirsty people involved in this crime and urged the law enforcement agencies to expedite the investigation for the immediate arrest of to those responsible and to give them severe punishment according to the provisions of the law so that such incidents will not happen again in the future.
In the 50m backstroke, June Mary Shangdiar, Wandarihun Khyllem Kharai and Banriti Wanniang won.
This is the second time that the opposition has raised the issue of removing Mondal from the post of Speaker of the House, but earlier they were defeated and this time, it is not known how it will happen.
We the VPP cannot accept to win elections by buying votes.
Conrad said the concern expressed by the member was very important.
One should not simply choose from ‘feelings’ and ‘feelings’.
Lajied Basaiawmoit, District Mission Manager, NRLM, East Khasi Hills, said that wealth will be lost if we don't have good health.
The nine schools that completed the Aspire Meghalaya training last month include Williamnagar Government College and Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Williamnagar in East Garo Hills; Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat and Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills; St.Mary’s Higher Secondary School, Shillong and St.Anthony’s Higher Secondary School, Pynursla in East Khasi Hills; St.Francis D’Assisi College and St.Peter’s Higher Secondary School in Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills; and Government Girls’ Higher Secondary School, Tura in West Garo Hills.
After him came Tbn.W.Knight Sohlang who was the first Principal of the school to take over the post of Principal in 1953 and after Almora Lyngdoh came in 1999 and in 2012, MB Khongwir took over the post.
Meanwhile, the voice of the people expressed their gratitude to the KSU East Jaintia Hills District for organizing such a meaningful program and said that the program was a success and the people congratulated them. The organization will continue to grow from time to time to be able to provide more services to the people.
John Presley Sunn, 58, of Kreit Marbisu, EK Hills, Shishirmon Nongkynrih, 72, of Jaiaw Langsning and Hoster Sun, 67, of Umpling, Dongumbah, EK Hills.
Those of us who listened to the debates did not hear any questions raised by any legislator on the plight of women.
While the struggle to form a government in Meghalaya is still intense, as the NPP+BJP has demanded the formation of a government, the opposition parties including the Congress, TMC and regional parties as well as the Independents are also preparing to leave. They demanded that the Governor form a government.
Rangdajied United scored another goal in the 84th minute to make it 4-2
Shillong, Nailar 24: The State Government through the Department of Water Resources has written to the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) for their comments on the drafting of the Water Policy.
We must understand clearly the word 'Understand' and ask it carefully.
The two Pandits were fined T.500 each for closing the temple.
The road consists of five packages and a lawyer has filed a complaint regarding the felling of trees in the first part of the Shilong-Dawki road.
Nongpoh, Naitung 17: As part of the preservation of the customs and traditions of the ancestors and to teach the future generations to know their customs and traditions, the Sirdar of Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh Elaka, Nongpoh Sirdarship on Saturday congratulated the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhrah as the full Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhrah and also the members of the executive committee elected by the people. resident of Nongkhrah Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Although mothers breastfeed their babies by mixing them with many kinds of soft drinks during this time, a glass of sweet milk before bedtime is important.
There is no forgiveness, the judgment of the wicked that we have found.
vii) We must immediately refrain from the destruction of the mountains, rivers, soils, shyiap or the destruction of the natural resources which have been placed in order by God the Creator, whatever the natural resources.
Mix a little shynrai with milk and drink again before going to bed.
Therefore, through this press release, it is requested that all those who are members of the Seng Kur according to these branches and branches and who have reached the age of 19 years and above, please release this day from other responsibilities. to this Dorbar Pyllun.
Fortunately, the fire did not fall into the fireplace, which was near the jaba, but the fire would have caused serious damage to the house.
They were arrested in the morning while police were searching a vehicle at Ratacherra village.
The one-day meeting was attended by local entrepreneurs from all over the state and government officials.
The High Court is better aware of the situation in Meghalaya and how the illegal coal smuggling is going on.
He also informed that electric vehicles will be used to transport the tourists to Daribok.
Today's match will be between the teams from Group B. At 2:30 pm, Kharang SC will beat Maw U-Tieng SC followed by the match between Iasnohktilang Madanrting FC and Madanrting FC. Synroplang 77 at 4:15 pm.
On Friday night, industrial tycoon Gautam Adani visited the residence of the NCP leader, where it was reported that he may enter politics .
In a letter written to the Dolloi on 9th July 2020, the Executive Committee of the Village has decided that the Executive Committee of the Village still wants to continue the appointment of Bah Kliarbha Sana, Sitting Waheh Shnong for a while. until the public assembly has been held as usual.
“Tourism is an important industry and our goal is to create job opportunities for 10 lakh people in this industry through the activities of groups,” he said. different.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has lifted the closure of the dam at Jairam Roy Compound, Mawbah Barapathar from today.
Shillong, July 9: The Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state needs to implement a law to protect the water supply systems.
Shillong: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa has said that Umiam Lake will be turned into a tourist destination on par with other tourist destinations. The union has been surprised by the collaboration of the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya, as the Meghalaya Government has not yet received any notice on this.
“He said that once again they want to develop this constituency known as the Jabieng of Ri Khasi.
The total number of cases yesterday was 557, while today the total number of cases has dropped to
KSU Huroi Unit Leader Samla Wallam Lamin Gadew, a school child from Huroi village, Nongtalang, West Jaintia Hills District, has been arrested by the BSF. “Why is it necessary to set up BSF camps in non-border areas and why not to set up these troops in the border areas?” he asked.
He said that the KSCL of KHADC is doing its part but it needs to think better about this issue.
When we seized the trucks and when we questioned the drivers, the challan was in the name of Dominic Myrthong.
He said that this cannot be explained only by law and not by the state government or the district council.
Conrad K Sangma said he did not want to accuse them of belonging to any rebel group without getting detailed information.
The party leader also announced at the meeting that the HITO will come forward to campaign against the MDA government, because of the deeds it has done against the people.
Nine years ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “India cannot move forward if the North East does not move forward.
But, again, we don’t want to politicize this issue because this is a matter that affects people’s rights.
The people carried banners and placards and slogans to condemn the government for allowing these factories in the area.
Well, in fact all the time we have forgotten that we have a monthly countdown since ancient times.
Perhaps it is only the prefixes 'ba', 'jing', 'nong' and 'pyn' that should be looked at in the grammar in order to form new words.
“Now, you have received the training, you must fulfill your duty properly for the safety of the people of the state,” said Bah Rowel. this teaching to those who are taught.
Teachers cannot be a light to society if they themselves walk in darkness and blindly obey wrong laws.
Meghalaya is a women-based society and for the information of motorcycle drivers and officers from different parts of the country, they will be happy to know that the tribes of Meghalaya and its people have worked for NariShakri and equality for hundreds of years.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the shooting incident of two commercial vehicle drivers in Khyndailad on Friday night was to intimidate the Khasi youth. that he may smite the foreigners.
He said that the government has decided to pay for the water pipeline because of the increase in the price of the pipeline.
Teibor said that what LG Shullai did when he was the CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was that he did not want to compromise his principles for his own personal gain. to agree with the thinking of his fellow MDCs.
Leaves.
Nongpoh: A few days ago, after many of the supporters of other parties including the NPP, PDF, UDP and Congress, came to meet with Bah Donlang Sohklet, in order to force the Speaking to reporters, Bah Donlang Sohklet, U Bah Donlang Sohklet, said that the HSPDP has decided to contest the MDC election from Umsning. The people have come to request him to contest the MDC election and that is why he has come out to contest the election.
Islamabad: Two massive bomb blasts have killed 22 people in Pakistan's western state of Balochistan on the eve of the elections in Pakistan. It has raised many fears that the elections to be held on Friday in the country could be disrupted.
In this regard, the Minister said that the House since 2018 has passed a resolution and the issue is still pending with the Government of India.
Protestant Christians in Meghalaya were also sad and angry.
Prestone promised that the Government has taken seriously this issue and has taken the necessary action.
Regarding the rejection of the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Tensing Nongrum said that the reason why the House has rejected these directives of the government is on the grounds that The Civil Hospital Shillong has not released any information on whether the man has tested positive for COVID-19, but after the completion of the rituals by the family, they will come. It has not been announced that the man has been confirmed positive for COVID-1
The Inheritance of Israel will not pass away (or disappear) until all these things are fulfilled.
Lt Col P Khongsai, spokesperson of the army, said the drugs were seized and investigated since Saturday.
Police recovered a large amount of illegal weapons, including an IED bomb, weapons and ammunition from them.
Dr Mukul said the officers would be in trouble if the Supreme Court or the relevant authorities investigated the matter.
I have seen with my own eyes and I have seen articles in the newspapers that Khasi villages on the border with Assam have been insulted, tortured and attacked by the people of Assam, Assam has used the police. who have taken up arms to invade the land of Meghalaya.
On the issue of joining the NPP, he will make arrangements with his followers in a meeting with them in the first week of November.
He said that the Waikhyrwi is a river with an ancient story of the Li dohkha and woh Ryndi.
However, the family members have requested the district authorities to release the post mortem.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday said that there will be a hearing on the social border settlement case between Meghalaya and Assam to end the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. of these four neighboring states.
She also reminded that in this world of unemployment, the youth should turn to agriculture as a source of employment.
