Therefore, the union urges the government to turn its attention to the people of these areas by providing them with a C&RD Block as this area is still backward. whether it is in education and economic development as well.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NDC) on Saturday held an Advance Christmas celebration at the Marngar Sports Ground, Ri Bhoi District.
The Chief Secretary also mentioned the measures taken by the State Government to address the challenges faced by the State to improve services in education, health and rural development. , agriculture and electricity.
Earlier, Charles Pyngrope said that the sudden dropping of Sister Rose Mary from a bus in Siju, South Garo Hills, Assam is an act of religious persecution and the government should take immediate action. this will never happen again.
He said that the lockdown has almost ended and no one has received any assistance in the constitution.
The government and the people should not be surprised by the demand of the VPP as Bah Ardent has already raised this demand in the Legislative Assembly in October during the Budget Session.
We do not say that we are lagging behind, but we are determined to fight hard and to be equal to others..." (The Christian Leader July 1908).
On the other hand, the traffic police should be vigilant against those drivers who drive too fast and endanger the lives of others.
Rodrygo scored the first goal in the 28th minute to give Real Madrid a 2-0 win.
“It will be uncomfortable now because there are too many foreign traders and this will be a danger because we don't know where they live, where they come from and their behaviour, what kind and if they do anything. “If they come to KHADC to get a trading license for them, it will not be easy for them to get it immediately,” said the CEM of KHADC. It was also observed that foreigners who trade in Mawlong Market and other places have had to collect their goods immediately after being ordered by the police to do so.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday denied reports that Dr DD Lapang, “There is no truth that Dr DD Lapang will leave the NPP party, he will always be with us, now he is old and on the other hand, Bah Lapang has told me that he will not leave. “I will support the NPP party until the end,” said Bah Tynsong.
He said he will continue to work hard and reach the goal and also to hold the belt as the Super Fly Weight champion.
At that time he will establish only one world government.
“According to the rules of NABARD, we have to release 30 percent of the total amount allocated which is T.1.81 crore and this release was also done at the meat processing plant at Mawlai Mawiong. " he said.
Regarding his speech at Nazareth Hospital regarding the collapse of the government, Bah Robert said that he can become the Prime Minister within six months but for now he has not been able to become the Prime Minister. He said that the MLAs who supported him had suggested that it should be done after the Lok Sabha MP elections.
The residents of Umtasor Mawdkar under Umsning constituency, on 27th June, expressed their anger and dissatisfaction over the smooth polling station at their polling station. The polling started at 12 noon even though the scheduled start time was 7 pm.
The MCTA has also decided that from 1st July 2023, the date of implementation of the NEP, all members and teachers of the Union will not take classes in the First Semester in all subjects. Through this, once again the students will face problems due to the conflict between the Teachers College and NEHU. The state government should also take action as it is understood that it has sent a letter to the university after receiving a lot of information. Colleges are not yet ready to implement the Education Policy for
According to KSU President Daniel Khyriem, there are 18 entry and exit points in Khasi Hills and 23 points in Garo Hills.
Oh, it's as terrible as what happened in Tripura.
The Seng urges the MBOSE and the Ministry of Education that if they publish any textbooks for the students in the State, they should do so and ensure that there is no error. to mislead and mislead the students in the State.
The incident occurred on Friday morning when the customers went to the ATM to withdraw money and found a fire inside the kiosk.
Dairy foods such as milk, butter, cheese and butter help to strengthen the bones and strengthen the bones.
However , there will be no such things in this Khasi Hills and also in Meghalaya , because if there are such things , the time will come when the knowledge of man and knowledge of God will come The thylliej speaks and the story is filled with evil words.
R. Suchen, President and Secretary of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah M. Suting and Bah Deihok Sumer, Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong and elders of Narpuh, children. schools, teachers.
Those who come from Namdong Parish, Mynsngat Parish, Ïongchwiat Parish and Nongjngi area will enter through the roads of Wahiajer Village to showcase the volunteers at Wahiajer.
She said the NGT has ordered to stop mining coal in Meghalaya, but has allowed to transport those who have already mined.
However, the question arises, if the Secretariat, which is the highest headquarters of the state government, has only a few government employees, it is impossible to go to the offices outside especially in the rural areas where there are no machines. There is a Control Access System (CAS) where employees can sign in.
Furthermore, the HITO has demanded that the government should increase the number of application forms, as at present the university has issued only 160 application forms, said the HITO. The lack of documents and the lack of issuance of forms will cause problems to the students as there is only one government B.Ed training center in the state.
The cost of construction of the school is T.18 lakh and it was allocated from the SCA (BADP) 2016-17, but Prestone said that the school has not yet received the approval. The school was completed by the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Nibaron Khongbinan.
“I will go home a changed man.
On the other hand, Dr Donkupar said the problem of the national parties is because they don't have the money like other national parties.
Lumdiengjri SC beat Umpling SC 0-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
They have escaped the burden of suffering on their bodies.
SEMAM and NIOS signed the MoU on 27th June at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The demand for Article 371 in Meghalaya is nothing new.
This time I would like to bring to the attention of the readers of this Khasi newspaper to know about Tynrong Mawsaw Village which is located near Mawsyrpat Village about 5 km from Sinduli Village.
Laban scored 6-1 goals.
Police have arrested a man who shot a woman in Ahmedabad.
Simon said the votes will be held tomorrow in a special room in Shillong and on Tuesday morning they will be taken to New Delhi.
May it also encourage people to serve the community and to help those in need.
The union leaders have received complaints from the drivers regarding the delay in payment of their bills, after they have been on election duty.
Patrick (80), who plays Jean-Luc Picard in the film, is said to be the reason why many people are distracted by busyness. Star Trek, you've been a head coach since you were 19 years old.
“We will hold a meeting immediately to decide on the candidate for the mid-term MP election from Tura,” he said.
This time, the girls and boys team of Ri Bhoi District has reached the final.
Earlier, there will be a special prayer for the rest of her soul at the Holy Mass at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Laitumkhrah.
“I don't know all the members of this church, because we have been in contact with many people who are sick at this time, but we haven't heard of any members of our church getting sick,” said MacArthur. in the last few months.
He said that the village is against even the villagers, because if they come from any place outside the district, they should inform the village, so that the village can fill the name in the Register and that it will be used in the event of any incident.
It has been established since ancient times, and the Hima Mylliem completes it twice a year; that is, in June on Lum Shillong which lasts all day and in November on Ïewduh which lasts only one day.
Earlier, the Prime Minister said the government wants to turn the Polo Market into a Times Square like the Times Square in New York City.
Omar Abdullah congratulated Rashid and accepted his defeat, saying it was the free will of the people to elect their representatives.
A terrorist was killed by a powerful US bomb on his way to Kabul airport with the intention of blowing himself up and killing dozens of civilians. this place, yesterday.
Explaining on the allegation, Bah I.Iawphniaw, Police Officer in charge of the area, said that these actions by the CORP members were wrong, because if they found that these 70 persons did not They should have informed the Infiltration Check Gate Police, but they forcibly drove away these 70 persons without knowing all the facts.
In the book of Psalms David, God says – “Hear, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
The deceased was 152 centimeters tall and was wearing a denim jeans jacket.
In fact, if you continue to support the NPP in 2028, the NPP will become nil or zero.
In this age of mankind, human knowledge has reached its climax.
Forest areas have been cleared to provide tents for sleeping, cooking and adequate workplaces in selected areas.
The team arrived in Tamil Nadu in the New Year, where they stayed in isolation and trained before the start of the tournament.
In these days we have received announcements from the government to close down schools, shops in Shillong and its surroundings.
Nature, mountains, trees and wherever I turn, I see only beauty.
Regarding other demands, Prof.Kma said that the VC has promised to set up various committees to implement the demand for review of the Educationally Backward Area Quota, the Marking. System of students and to appoint as Statutory Officers and Engineers of the University.
Those who want to see again the bloodshed are only those who have not seen what it is.
In the first match, Jatah Lakadong beat New Nongryngkoh 3-1 and Mawlang SC beat Khlieh Asem SC.
Jowai, June 26: The residents of Jowai and neighboring villages have joined hands today since the time of the meeting. The 36 hour curfew has been called by the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang.
In the petition, the union also expressed its surprise over the NORCET-5 examination conducted for Nursing Officers in the past few months, where there are 194 posts for Nurses and of these 175 posts went to men from other states and only 17 to women.
The tournament was opened by H.Nongpluh, Inspector General of Police (TAP) Meghalaya, Shillong in the presence of BJ Laloo, MPS, Superintendent of Police (Traffic), East Khasi Hills, BD Marak, MPS. , Addl.SP, T.C.Chacko, MPS, Addl.SP, SF-10 and D.K.Prasad, MPS, Dy.SP (Hq), East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, be tenderly compassionate, especially to those in need of compassion and support.
“So unanimously we will sign together and express our opposition," he said.
At the same time, the union congratulates the Police Department for their hard work in finding these suspects.
Hum was one of the senior lawyers and was also the Additional Advocate General of the Government of Meghalaya.
He said the government has expressed that it does not want to talk to the KSU because it is an illegal organization, but the KSU also wants to make it clear that it has not chosen the path of bloodshed. to be ready.
Rajesh Bishnoi, who did not bat well in the first innings, took two wickets for 13 runs in four overs.
Regarding the Nartiang Moodop Government LP School, which has 140 students, it has been destroyed too much and has caused difficulties for the students to attend school. the teacher is not the headmaster.
Shillong: Meghalaya High Court Judge Justice SR Sen today sent a statement to the media saying that there has been a misunderstanding in his judgment in the WP(C) case.
UP teachers will receive ₹22,000, LP teachers ₹18,000, Hindi teachers ₹18,000 and SSA 4th teachers ₹18,0
Speaking to media, Bah Thomas said, “It has been 51 years since the reservation policy was reviewed.
Therefore, the union said that it cannot accept at all and the MSPCB will have to hold another public hearing.
Therefore, any groups standing in the middle are requested to hold a private meeting between the VPP Spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh and the State President of the NPP, Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP (Rajya Sabha).
They said that what happened in Nongstoin and Mawthadraishan will also affect the Rambrai constituency where Bah Pangniang will contest, it will affect Mairang, Mawkyrwat, Mawshynrut and Ranikor or Langrin constituencies. .
The Minister said that he visited Baghmara College in 2019 and found that the building is not safe for the students especially when it is very old and starting to deteriorate.
The UDP also alleged that these six members have violated the party rules by going to many villages to campaign for Grace.
In the fourth leg, Samaro FC beat Pateiñki Sabah 0-0
To overcome these problems, smiling is the best way.
At best, the minorities earn more than the majorities.
The HITO also recalled that in the past, Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, had announced that Meghalaya would be exempt from CUET so that students could study in private institutions. of the state, so it should be made clear that students studying outside the state need to appear for the CUET examination.
On the allegation by NPP MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma that she supports the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019, Sunn said, “People say that one MP supports the CAA but Dr WR Kharlukhi is a Khasi and I am confident that he will not take any decision that will affect the nation,” he said.
It may be a job, an income, a household, children, especially two husbands. “That Halbert owned a shop, father,” said Hiram to his father. “The poor don't support you, especially those who are rich,” said the father in a low voice.
All this is not the will of man but the will of God.
Through these interviews, the organizers of the competition will select up to 50 participants from across the five northeast states, who will compete for the title of Shillong for the tournament, which will be held at Hotel Vivanta on the 10th of June.
There are 10,000 troops and Assam Rifles deployed in the state to maintain peace and order and 13,000 people have been evacuated from their homes. There is no serious incident, the report said.
The CEM expressed his surprise at the intention to shake his seat and said, “I am really surprised why they want to shake me. “The MDCs have been able to carry out their duties, the bills have almost been paid, I don't think there is any reason except if there is politics,” he said. .
There was a plan to redesign the island a few years ago so that it would be a clean and beautiful island that would live up to the name ‘The Holy Island’.
SHILLONG: The people of Meghalaya will elect a new Speaker of the Lok Sabha on 11th June this year and the resolution will be announced on 23rd June along with the code of conduct. has come into force from today and any violation of it will be strictly punished.
From our homes shall flow streams of healing, bringing life, beauty, and prosperity to dry and barren places..." Page
You will not be allowed to walk on the streets or use vehicles.
The Kashi Vishwanath Corridor and other projects in Varanasi have transformed the streets, ghats and places of worship in the city.
Shortly after the arrival of tens of thousands of Mawlai residents, the leaders of the Sengbhalang came out to the square. The crowd filled the Student Square, both sides of the square were filled with people, the square was also filled with people and the road from Mission to Madan Student was filled with people.
Mayborn Lyngdoh has decided to discuss the Lok Sabha MP election at home before deciding whether to continue after he did not get the ticket from the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Guwahati: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has arrested seven persons from Assam and Meghalaya for allegedly involvement in the prostitution of Rohingya and Bangladeshis. to India, with forged documents.
The delay in the announcement of the candidates by the RDA will put pressure on the party as other parties have been going ahead to gather the people and if the announcement of the candidates is too slow it will destroy the party. the people cannot accept blindly without meeting the candidate face to face.
The world as a long journey of a traveler: As mentioned above, we live here on earth is no different from the journey of a traveler to a distant land. He has to pay for food, drink, money to spend on the road, if he gets hungry, the car breaks down and so on because he doesn't know what will happen in the middle. so he had to be well prepared because his journey lasted for months and years.
They said that the names of these people were also used in illegal money laundering activities and forced them to send large sums of money to an account claiming to be an RBI Clearance.
They were abducted by a Datsun Ready Go (ML05T7892) on the Shillong-Dawki road while they were trying to turn to Rngaiñ. He was born after returning from Mawsynram.
The Supreme Court has wanted the Indian government to decide on the coal mining industry in Meghalaya and to exempt the state from the MMRD Act.
The crowd took advantage of the large number of people and the heavy rainfall that night, several trucks suspected to be carrying illegal coal escaped from the gate.
In a petition sent to the Chief Secretary of the State, the Forum has informed about the incidents in which the Karbi have set fire to the houses and after that they have recorded videos and spread the videos by blaming the victims. He said that there has been a meeting between the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills District but this meeting has not been successful. he was not able to solve the problems.
The bomb exploded at 11.40pm.
Bah Teibok Laloo, who was also the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the tournament, in his speech, praised the sports club for the sports club that through this club many youngsters of the village will get the opportunity. I hope that their talent will not end only in the village but also to see that they will become famous sports stars even outside the state.
The injured were identified as Baja Yekir, Yugum Thapa, Ajit Tudu, Sagge Muri and the driver of the vehicle, Pradeep Singh.
The 16-year-old, who is from Britain and Pakistan, set a new record by topping 34 subjects in the General Certificate of Secondary Education (HCSE) in London.
The court ordered the remand of Nurul Islam along with a fine of T.8 lakh to be paid to the victims.
They said that the allegation of Bah Ardent is wrong and untrue at all because Bah Nongsiej goes to every village to campaign to support the HSPDP candidate, not to support the Congress candidate. as Mr. Ardent said.
However, he said that the enrollment of Meghalayan students at NERIE is still very low compared to other students from other states.
“We congratulate them for doing what they have promised but the sad thing is that the Prime Minister has not given a clear answer whether it will be given and if not why it will not be given. The answer you gave is the same old answer that you have given for 4 or 5 years.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The new scheme for handicraft makers and artisans of PM Vishwakarma was launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday on the occasion of Vishwakarma Jayanti. it was Vishwakarma puja.
Weight management is important in all aspects of health.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 05: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Resources, Government of Meghalaya, while speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of the 61st Teacher's Day Hep Memorial Primary School, Sakwang (HMPSS) has reminded the teachers that 'hard work with perseverance and determination' is essential for them to achieve their goals. does not provide services through educational opportunities.
Regarding the ability of the members of the Seng Umling Circle, to build the house, the Longkmie, expressed her gratitude, because as a poor longkmie who used to live in the house. On this occasion, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, u Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, has expressed his gratitude to the members of the Seng for their ability to build a house for this poor woman. members of the organization, who have worked hard to build a house for this woman, who has been one of the good examples in the community.
The Mawhati Circle of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has expressed its regret over the widespread felling of trees in Mawkynrong village by the Forest Department.
Any vehicle of the Supporters of the Candidates shall not play music or songs inside their vehicle, whether during or without a meeting.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday announced that it will hold a march from Mawlai Nongkwar to the office of the HYC at Petrol Pump, Mawlai Nongkwar. Seng Khasi) to Motphran, Khyndailad and to the Secretariat.
The group led by Samla H.Ban Nonglang, President of GTFMI West in collaboration with Latynrai Eco Tourism Co-operative Society (GTFMI) Khasi Hills Division has taken the initiative to clean up the Nonbah River.
All this is the wise plan of God, who has called us to Himself.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, FKJGP leaders Luistar Lyngdoh, President and Senior Vice President Lumlang Mawnai said they did not know anything about the government's plan to build the site.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Council has not found any discrimination against any race or religion. trading licenses have already been issued by the District Council.
On this issue, it was seen that even the State Government has been shocked, as it has done, because from the MLAs, MPs from Punjab, from the Chief Minister, to the Small Paid Commission and then the Ministers. The Government of India, has criticized the State Government and their voice has been heard, as if it means not to evict these people from the area, but to allow them to develop their traditional households and to build streets, schools, churches and so on in the city centre.
The celebration was held at Nongpoh, Byrnihat, Umsning, Bhoirymbong and Patharkhmah.
Permission to use loudspeakers etc for meetings must be obtained from the DC's office and NOC from the Headman and SP as well.
The District Executive Force under the leadership of Jowai Traffic Branch today distributed flowers to those who violate the Motor Vehicle Act in Jowai, Amlarem. , Dawki, Pramer and Ummulong.
“We don't need Hindustan, we will fight for our own,” said the statement.
“We have discussed this issue and the government has done something that will benefit the farmers of Meghalaya as a whole”.
“The JKFC will look for ways to protect and promote the songs of the JKP,” said Bah Rana Kharkongor, founder of the JKP. expressed his sadness to see that the songs of the prominent singers of the nation have disappeared only after their death.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at the office of the SDO (C) Amlarem Subdivision on Friday.
“At the same time, the General Secretary of the HNLC informed that during the first meeting between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India, the delegation sent by the HNLC returned to their camp on the 16th. Nailur, 2022, to hold the General Council and CEC to discuss the response to the demands by the Government of India that all the leaders of the HNLC should come forward to take part in the peace talks.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Firstborn John Marngar, President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) Mawthadraishan Circle said, “When the mind is broken, the soul cannot rest. It is a victory”, said the President as part of the encouragement to all the students of this school.
Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School, Tuberkmaishnong has won the Over All Champion at the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet organized by the District Sports Officer, Tuberkmaishnong. , Khliehriat on Friday.
He said that the strength and unity of India has been evident during the COVID-19 pandemic where India has been an example to many countries and the main reason is the states that have taken the initiative to deliver the services. They have worked together in a spirit of unity by putting behind party differences.
Shillong, July 01: The departure of youth from the state in the field of nursing may be dangerous for them as according to information received, many of these youth do not have the skills when they graduate. you have read your nabar.
In these days, when drug abuse has increased and many young people have become addicted to it, the Archbishop himself and in consultation with the Government authorities has sought ways and means how to free the young people from drug abuse. a substance that is destroying their future, their family, their community and their nation.
You can also reach Mukroh by walking from Shillong, Ummulong, Wahiajer, Nartiang, Mynsngat, Ksehrynshang, Moobakhon, Nongmulieh, Namdong, Pdeiñiadaw, Sanaro, Chebnai, Lapangngap, Borato and Mukoh.
U KHLA WAIT KI JAINTIA. The works he did together with the patriotic group, were against the whites known as the French (Foreigners).
The Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) has decided to hold a seven-hour Maun Satyagraha at Gandhighat on Tuesday as part of a protest against the government's actions. TPCC President Asish Kumar Saha today said that the party will support Rahul Gandhi.
In addition, the Government has provided fish seeds to the fish farmers as agricultural activities.
Pannu is the leader of the Sikhs for Justice and the group was declared illegal by the Indian government on 10th November,
If the oil pipeline is supplied properly, the oil pipeline will be supplied from the Um Mawphlang dam to the 'top special water supply' in Shillong.
On the incident in Khanduli, Hazarika expressed his concern and said, “We should not have conflict but we should have a close relationship with the people of Meghalaya.
This is part of the celebration of World Day Against Child Labour, this year under the theme “Universal Social Protection to End Child Labour.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 02 : U Minister of Public Health Engineering (PHE) Marcuise N. Marak on Tuesday said that the PHE department is distributing clean drinking water to the residents of the state.
Peter D Rynjah, Secretary General of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, read out the story of the struggle for the Civil Sub-Division. November, 1984 and it was a long protest until it ended today.
Traditional songs and dances are performed during this celebration.
If the people who make up the nation are peaceful, the nation is peaceful, if the villages that make up the kingdom are peaceful, the kingdom is peaceful.
AICC Media Coordinators Adv Mathew Antony and Bobbeeta Sharma and AICC General Secretary Sanjay Das said, “We request the State Government and the ECI to release Saleng. “Our candidate Saleng Sangma has been arrested due to the increasing threat to him”.
However, at the same time, he said that Mylliem Block has a large area and a population of more than 4 lakh and this should get a new block.
He also urged the UDP, HSPDP and PDF to think carefully before joining hands with the UNFC. Bah Monarch ShabongThere have been many complaints and demands for the abolition of District Councils in Meghalaya. The Government of India has suspended the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) from the Sixth Schedule areas. However, it surprised everyone how it recognizes and remembers and respects these places, which have been included in the Sixth Schedule.
In the match against Qatar, the Netherlands were completely convinced and the home team will have to return home after being beaten 2-0 on the night.
After the meeting between the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, which was held in Guwahati today, Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister, said that the talks have almost reached a point of conclusion. be the common understanding of the two parties.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has announced that as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the corona virus in the state, especially in East Khasi Hills, to reinstate the night curfew from 22nd July to 30th July 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm in East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, every morning and every moment we pray to live in a perfect society and that we can experience a fulfilling life and heaven here on earth.
The search for these people is ongoing.
“It's Rida's sleep now... I don't know how to work.
In the past, people from the north used to come to the state to escape the heat during the rainy season.
He said that the implementation of this scheme has not done anything in which the cleaning is only the cleaning of the road, but to these places the garbage is transported.
In Maharashtra, 2,287 new cases have been reported, bringing the total to 72,3
Friends, if you judge the songs and judge the singers, it is completely wrong.
Two years ago , u Bah Holei came to Pynursla when he was 17 years old and he met a woman , he said that she was a woman He said that he had been treated from all over the places where he had a disease in his body, so he said that he had asked himself to treat him and now he has recovered from the disease. In 2012, he came to Pynursla to work as a nurse. He was ordered to stay in a room to treat people.
Before proceeding, it would be appropriate to suggest that there are times when what is used by the public should be changed and there are times when it should be changed according to the meaning of the words.
“As part of expressing the richness of the language, the state government has decided to allow speakers in their own language in the Legislative Assembly and this will be the beginning of expressing the richness of their own language”. said.
They also said that the NDA government led by the Bharatya Janata Party (BJP) is a government that does not care about the poor and the people in the rural areas. The public can no longer afford to pay for household items.
Five doctors from the Combined Military Hospital (CMH), Dhaka and five doctors from the Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University (BSMMU) have tested positive for the virus, the BDF said. Dhaka has the highest number of cases in Sir Salimullah Medical College (SSMCH) with 25 doctors, followed by 22 in Kishoreganj. and 14 cases in Narayanganj.
Various organizations including Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM), Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Jaintia Students' Union (JSU), Hynniewtep Achik National Movement (HANM), Swimmer Association of East Jaintia Hills, Eastern Narpuh Border Fishing Association (ENBFA) and the 6 villages along the Lukha River have strongly opposed this public hearing.
At the time of the fire, there was no one inside the house as Niduk, 65, was going to work while her children were going to school.
MEPA has sent its condolences to the family members and prays that God will be with them at this time of tragic incident. Bah W.Lytan who is still undergoing treatment for the accident.
At the same time, he promised to look into the ways and means to change the name of the Assam Rifles Laitkor to the Assam Rifles Nongkrem.
Protection of religious beliefs: The Church has expressed its disapproval of any attempt to impose restrictions on the beliefs, customs and traditional deities of one religion over another through the UCC. Personal laws have emerged from traditional customs and deities that have nothing to do with religious beliefs and should not be destroyed.
Teiborlang and Paul Lyngdoh, UDP MDCs, have left the UDA and joined the UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor but it is now understood that they have decided to return to the UDA. I don't want to serve the nation.
The School Week was inaugurated by the newly elected President of Seinraij Jowai, Ma Hercules Toi, in the presence of Ma CA Ram Kyndiah, Secretary SMC, Ma Bimi L Suwer, General Secretary Loompyrdi Iongpiah, members of the School Managing Committee. including Mr. W Challam and Mr. KF Laloo, teachers and students.
Lajong's match against Kolkata on 14th June ended in a 1-1 draw at Polo Shillong.
They think that the Khasi are stupid as they are stupid in their stupidity.
At the same time, the Dolloi explained to the residents that they should not ignore the rules and regulations laid down by the District Council in each village. in front of the people of this village on this Act passed by the District Council.
He said the Congress in Meghalaya will come back to power in 2018 because the people will not be fooled by the BJP's ploy to mislead the people with false news.
According to him, the Shnong has already donated up to 4 acres of land for this purpose.
The Commission, after considering many factors such as local customs, electoral rolls and weather conditions, has announced the mid-term elections as follows: Date of issuance of noticeDeadline date (MON)Date of examination of documents07.08.2018 (TUE)Deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers09.08.2018 (THU)Polling day 23.08.2018 (THU)New voting day2 .08.2018 (MON)The date of completion of the elections is 29.08.2018 (WED).
Besides these two, Abhishek's wife has also tested positive for coronavirus and their daughter, Aaradhya, has also tested positive for covid 19 and they have been staying at home for a few days. not finished.
On the same day, u Sniawbhalang visited Moodymmai to strengthen the party workers.
Danny M Khyriem, Chairman of the Election Committee, KSU and Samuel Jyrwa, Secretary, KSU, said that the body of Krenjulang Khongjirem, 48, has been found dead. He was found dead on Sunday morning at about 8 pm from Rngaiñ after he had been missing since Thursday night.
Leaders of the KSU NEHU Unit on the 13th of this month visited the Associate Professor of English Literature, who also holds the post of Director of EFLU, Shillong Campus. Dr. Mousumi Guha Banerjee is a member of the NEHU School.
Since its inception on March 22, 2022, the Rozgar Mela has been held in six phases across the country, where over 4.25 lakh appointment letters have been distributed to youth.
“If you think on the other hand this has helped us to be able to filter or look through the backgrounds of a lot of people involved and once you have something like an election to Parliament and people move sides “There you will see the true colors and this helps us to know who can be trusted and who is just changing colors for personal gain,” said the Minister. UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh told reporters.
There will be great tribulation in the world.
The syllad has already raised questions since the opening and upgradation of Khliehriat CHC to Civil Hospital in
But for those who repent and are forgiven they can go to heaven.
The opposition MDCs expressed their satisfaction to see that the EM of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has taken action to close down those shops which do not have Trading License. At the same time, they suggested that the KHADC should be vigilant in this regard, as the license fee is only T.15,000 per license, but foreign shops mostly do not. They went to appeal to the court which resulted in a loss of lakhs of rupees to the KHADC to fight the case.
The NPP strongly condemns this and Dr. Mukul Sangma should withdraw this announcement by giving a holiday in these days, he said.
In the end, only Angkit scored 12 runs, which is the highest score among the SCA-A players, and it appears that it was the rangkawangbol who won the match.
During the heavy rains, the Kynshi River has flooded and covered several houses, schools and others.
Tura, Naitung 23: Police in West Garo Hills District on Tuesday conducted a raid on Tura and ended at Dudaret village in the area of ​​Tura. by Cell.
The 45th National Arm Wrestling Championship was organized by the JK Arm Wrestling Association from 22nd to 26th June you get a gold medal.
The people of Elka are confident that the decision of the court will be in the interest of the people.
The committee said that the tax to be paid to the government should be exactly the same as the availability of coal, as it would be wrong to pay the tax without by ascertaining the actual quantity of coal, which is to be sold.
There are ministers who held the post of PHE in the first MDA government and who were also contractors.
The NABL on 24th November 2023 according to the LAB-ID NABL/M-3987 is pleased to announce that it has approved the accreditation of Woodland WK Hospital in accordance with ISO 15189:2
The interesting thing to think about Jesus is that he did not withdraw from the world.
However, as soon as they left the area, many of the residents complained about the high price compared to the price in the market.
Out of the 101 churches, 75 belong to the Presbyterian Church, 15 to the Baptist Church, 6 to the Salvation Church and 5 to the Baptist Church of Mizoram in Lunglei.
The Sohphoh Integrated Village Co-operative Society (IVCS) has decided to assist the farmers in these times when they are facing many difficulties in relation to the market in the fight against the spread of Coronavirus. , has taken the initiative to collect all the agricultural products in the village and to market them to other places like Tripura, Assam and other places abroad and to different districts in the state. .
The protesters will sit down to discuss the matter and will meet with the officers of the office to seek clarification and take a decision on how to proceed.
Even before the release of the agenda for the upcoming Assembly elections, the BJP has announced that it will pay T.3,100 per quintal of rice and release the electricity bill to the farmers. if you come to power in Odisha.
At the same time, Bah A.Shanpru urged that the rights of children and other explanations related to the Act should not be violated.
Two Congress MPs Gurjeet Singh Aujla and Jasbir Singh Gill and an MLA Sukhpal Singh Khaira have been arrested by the Punjab government earlier for allegedly planning to relocate the venue for the G 20 meetings in Punjab.
Khliehriat, July 25: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (EJHD) has expressed its concern over the slow operation of HMR Pvt.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Khliehriat Circle today at 11 am found a truck unloading goods on the main road in Ladrymbai without thinking about the traffic of others.
The State Support Mission is an initiative of the NITI Aayog, which was established to support the States and Union Territories to achieve their social and income goals by
In 1998, a three-party government was formed and Darwin Diengdoh Pugh took over as Chief Minister.
Take their advice seriously.
“You don't dare to say anything in the Assembly, but now you want to mislead the people by crying,” he said.
“If you throw a stone, it will fall, if you throw a word, it will fall and if you throw anything, it will not last,” said Bah Bright.
Together, let us move forward in unity to bring about a healthy State, free from the use of tobacco in all villages.
The incident took place on Tuesday at Bhagat Pre-University College in Haveri, where students covered their heads with these boxes in their examination rooms.
Besides the Prime Minister and Deputy Chief Minister, Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla, Umroi MLA Damanbait Lamare, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, former Saipung MLA Shitlang Pale and Chief Executive Member were also present. JHADC MDC Thombor Shiwat, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District BS Sohliya, Superintendent of Police C Syrti, Doloi from various districts, government officials from various departments and thousands of others. the public.
Donbok also questioned the statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma that the appointment process will be transparent and the commitment of the NPP Youth Front (NPYF) to fight against the corruption.
From the loompyrdi he gave everything, Khmat chynrang went to Langdoh's house.
The 40-member Mizoram Legislative Assembly will end on November 15,
They scored 6.57 runs per over for 184 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 28 overs.
Dr P Manner, State Immunization Officer, Meghalaya, said the Government of India has selected East Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills to launch the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 4.0 due to the lack of vaccination among women. and child.
Besides, we can also say that this heritage is now a heritage that destroys the environment.
He said the Government is currently considering the proposal of the Adhoc teachers to increase the salaries.
Therefore, the citizens should be vigilant and united.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Mohun Bagan FC 3-0 in the Hero I League on Saturday.
The Meghalaya Health Department has monitored 13,689 people in the state for signs of Corona Virus.
The two teams that played on the opening day were Dumbur AF/C against Eleven Brother where Dumbur AF/C won by 4 goals. Eleven Brothers were 0 against.
Meghalaya won the Silver medal followed by Manipur in the Bronze medal.
This book has been able to read such explanations which separate us between Khasi and Jaintia.
It is often said that refugees cross and enter the coast of North Africa and refugees from all over the world prefer to travel from this area because it is freer and easier to access. enter.
Awasthi said that the children who have talent, the department will take action to continue to provide more training programs or skills so that they can continue to develop their sports life. which will compete in other major tournaments in the country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the officer said that the reason why he was arrested and handed over to the wildlife department is to encourage the public and to set a good example that we should not kill birds. but we must learn how to avoid the widespread killing of living things that the environment has given us especially in these days. The Wildlife Department from time to time encourages and rewards the people who rescue the forests which are the habitat of animals and birds. the beasts and the birds of the air.
Even children and parents of children cannot accept such explanations.
“Let us have the spirit of the ancients, holy and pure, without hypocrisy, for the good of all, which they taught us, to stand united, the nation, to live the present. and the future".
Borghat village is one of the border villages facing such problems where landslides and rockfalls have been severe due to heavy rainfall, flooding and heavy rocks. All the vehicles have flooded into the road and the waterfall has been like a valley and this has caused a lot of danger to the vehicles to pass through this road in Borghat.
The HNYF said that the HNYF will continue to do this and it is ready to fight if the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute files a case against it.
The meeting was conducted by Chanbor War, General Secretary of KSU Nartiang Circle.
This is an important issue for the state government to address as the Border Security Force is not working and cannot provide security to this village on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Therefore, regarding the shortcomings in these public health centres, the Chief Minister of Jirang, said that he will take action to inform the government, in order to fill these shortcomings.
They sacrificed not to God but to demons for 40 years in the wilderness.
Most of the coal owners who attended the meeting were seen as candidates for the election, some have already contested and some are preparing to contest in
All these KSU members have been arrested on charges of involvement in the incident which broke out at Ronghana during the railway strike.
The death toll has risen to 3,921 in the past 24 hours, the Union Health Ministry said.
The ability of him to attract more people in Polo and Smit in recent days than the ruling NPP party, has further stirred up the spirit of patriotism.
To confirm this statement by the residents, it was seen that along the road, that those places that do not lead to the Par maw in the area, it was seen that the road is not covered. shan slem, because of such parts of the road, it seems that it will collapse soon and it has not been able to wait until the public opening of this road, which is also one of the roads that need especially those who live on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Ukraine's defense ministry said 25 of the drones sent by Russia were shot down by Ukrainian troops.
You convince yourself that learning to survive pays off a lot in the long run.
Shillong, Nailar 20 : No arrests have been made against members of the new rebel group (NLCN) in the state.
There are many opponents of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma in political affairs, but if it weren't for him, he would have sent the Svamitva project of the Government of India to the District Council KHADC in Manipur was born in Meghalaya.
Therefore, the jaidbynriew urges the MDCs to follow up on this recommendation and urges the State Government and urges the Central Government to approve the report submitted by the National Commission.
In one of the interviews, Kylie said that she doesn't take responsibility for what she does to herself and feels good.
Wahlang said that only journalists are free to enter the company and they do not need permission from the village and no one will stop them, but others have to get permission.
The winners were Sambormi Lyngdoh (Senior Men – 75kg) from Jowai, Fivestar Bareh (Senior Men – 56kg) from Jalaphet Sutnga, Shillong. Commerce college, Armi Roy Iakai (Junior Boys- 54kg) Gold Medal from Iooksi Iapkhla Moblang, Refiness Warjri (Junior Girl – 48kg) Gold Medal from Iooksi Presbyterian Secondary School Dao Wan Suchiang (Senior Men – 60kg) from Laitkor Lumheh has won the Silver Medal from Laitkor Mawri Lumheh. Shillong College Higher Secondary School, Dakynmoo Nongtdu (Junior Boys – 48kg) Silver Medal winner Wandyjop Shadap (Senior Men – 65kg) won class lX at Deni Linda Persara Sec School, Laitkor. Satisfy Syngkon (Senior Girl – 56kg) from Nongkynrih, Jowai, who is studying BA 2nd Semester Philosophy Honors at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai, while Pynshait Suchiang from Bataw won the Bronze Medal. The Superintendent of Shillong Jail has been defeated in the quarter finals.
He said that his re-election this time is because in his opinion, the presence of the youth in the political arena can bring about change in many areas.
(Mark 3:17) and it is said that this John was also a writer and theologian and that it was John the Disciple who wrote the Book of Revelation and was exiled to the island of Patmos. not only was he a writer but he was also a great preacher of the name of Christ.
Chyne said that the construction has cost T.7 crore. Regarding the failure to introduce the rules under the Act 2014, the CEM said. “It is true that the Act has been passed since 2014 but the absence of rules in this is because the EC changes from time to time and the chairman of the Commission changes from one to another. from time to time, but under my leadership in these two years we have taken very seriously the introduction of the Rules to register Khasi nurses and anyway this month this will be completed.
Shillong, June 2: The UDP Amlarem has announced that the party will hold a public meeting on the 3rd of this month at Amlarem at 1:30 pm where the party candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh will speak. Lok Sabha MP election 2014 will be held in Yangon.
He said that these taxis have not benefited from the tourists who come to the Sohra area but they earn a living by carrying the people of the area who come and go every day.
Adilbert said the meeting also decided to take these demands to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to express their opposition to the establishment of the ANVC camp. B. When asked whether there is any information from the residents in those areas about the land planned by the government, Adilbert said that they don't have any information where the government plans to plant. They stand firm on the ground that nothing is allowed anywhere while it falls within the border of the Khasi Hills.
California Citrus paradise, also known as grapefruit, is a fruit that has recently been introduced to the United States.
“In the past, there were five dead cows and in the past people were more reluctant to drink milk in the village but now after there are no more cases, there is no reluctance to drink milk,” said Bah Arkini.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Kong SM Bang DPO ICDS Nongstoiñ, said that from time to time the Social Welfare Department together with the Health Department and the BDO Office, have been working together. to carry out the functions assigned to them, whether by the Central Government or the State Government.
The union also threatened that if the NHAI fails to implement its demand, the union will lock down the NHAI revenue collection point at the Tool Gate Plaza at Lumshnong, Narpuh.
This is only his attempt to mislead the people.
If the religious leaders do not understand at this time, and continue to fall into this political trap of the BJP, the time will come when they will not be able to rise up because the BJP will continue to support them. The Congress party has been involved in the past few years.
“The OM has been finally decided and the question of postponing it will not arise,” said Conrad, recalling that the State Government has already consulted with all the groups before introducing it. the new OM.
On the other hand, Fr Richard Majaw said that the call of the CS was to discuss the decision to reopen the places of worship where all the SOPs are as directed by the government last year. , but the few they decided were based on holding the ceremony within an hour and not allowing children to come to church.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to Prime Minister Duh for the passage of the Women Reservation Bill and said that the participation of women in all spheres of life is essential for the empowerment of women. bor to him.
" Rida said.
The Meghalaya Police have stepped up their operations to fight against drug traffickers and urged the youth to refrain from drinking such beverages. bad.
Jowai, November 18: At least 300 people from Shangpung and other places have come to witness the Film Festival which was held today at the Auditorium of Shangpung Village, Pohshnong. The first Film Festival to be held in the rural areas and also in the Jaintia Hills.
The KSU, in its petition, has demanded that the education department of the state government, should clarify its intention, in order to resolve the problems of the students, in the examination. .
“If there is a violence by the BSF troops in the Khasi Hills, the Government should not take the same measures,” said KHNAM. Shillong, July 26: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State. Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs, said that the state government has sent an inquiry into the incident which occurred on Tuesday night at Umsyiem. They shot with their guns in the air to frighten the people.
Why? Know ye not that ye are the temple of God? Doesn't the Spirit of God dwell in you? 1 Corinthians 3:16.
The match was ended in a tie breaker where the team of District and Session Court Para Legal Volunteer (PLV) beat Bar Association and Legal Aid Counsels 4-2 goals.
Some of the benefits of this plant from the family 'Rutaceae' are as follows:• In the head, body and skin: Sohkwit is one of the most helpful in this regard. The part where the leaves are very useful and in the body, the water is a great medicine.
They know England, America, Palestine, Israel, Egypt and so on.
The incident happened yesterday at Umsning, where the Nongotdoh alleged that the doctors from the Veterinary Department, had seized a cow truck and after that another vehicle. They took the vehicle to the Umsning Police Outpost to register a case.
Speaking to reporters at the Lukha River near Sunapyrdi, the president of the students' union, Cyrus Lamare, said that it is impossible that this change is due to the mining of coal in the upper areas. of the river.
Universities and hostels of colleges have also been allowed to open with the prior permission of the Deputy Commissioners, SDOs (Civil) but they must follow the rules and regulations of the education department.
In 2019, Riwar Mihngi did not qualify for the Meghalaya State League (MSL) after being rejected by the MFA for failing to meet the requirements.
Perhaps these refer not only to Christians but to all the citizens of this beloved country.
He knows and sees all these things.
The HYC has urged the DM&HO office to take the necessary action and direct the officers of Shella PHC to conduct an investigation into the cause of the disease. The lockdown has started in the area to prevent the spread of the disease which could affect others in the neighboring villages.
It has been seen that the road from Barik to Laitumkhrah is a traffic jam.
“We have seen on social media how many people have insulted him and the NPP leaders but the only thing that is good is that the leaders don't listen to them but they fulfill their duties,” he said. .
The steps taken by the Government are to discuss this issue at the Cabinet meeting, the MDA meeting, the meeting of all political parties and others as stated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. showing only to steal time while on the other hand the recruitment notification in various departments has been going fast to take advantage of the present illegal Roster System so that it will help only one community," This was stated by KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah.
Not only our jhur, but all the farmers are also losing a lot of money.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The Meghalaya State Government may soon take a final decision to appoint the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) within this month.
Through this scheme, T.500 per month has been provided to the beneficiaries.
These projects are related to agriculture, water resources, forestry and ecology, planning and development, UAV remote sensing and disaster management support, with funding from MoDONER, DoS and State Governments.
In the first three years there was damage to his crops but he did not give up, but he continued with the method of farming without the use of pesticides.
“The residents saw that the GNLA members were walking in a forest near Chipakram village today,” said SP Marak. part of demanding money during these festive months.
Therefore, all shops from small to large shops, ration shops, banks, restaurants, factories, private offices, government offices, schools and colleges in the district are required to use the Register to take the names, addresses, phone numbers of customers who come to buy from their shops or come to banks, school offices, colleges and to provide sanitizers or water and soap from the banks. part of customers.
Sophie Loreen Nongpiur, Amunick Shadap, Ebenezer N Syiem and Shembha Kharnaior took part in the song.
Speaking on the occasion, Father Joe Pareira, Founder Trustee of Kripa Foundation, expressed his gratitude and blessing to God for the opening of this home for the elderly. who really need help and caregivers to get them back a place to live like their own home.
As India continues to grow, the new Parliament will serve as a symbol of encouragement and platform for equal partnerships, and allow the country's leaders to develop policies that can empower and empower and also to improve the lives of its citizens.
“Most of the victims are students, therefore I personally request the Association to think carefully for the benefit of the youth.
Shillong: Alvareen D Dkhar, Shillong, has lodged a complaint against the robbers for stealing T.10,000/- and cash from the room of the Principal of Jaiaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
Explaining on the safety of the vaccine, Dr. War said that there are fears from time to time, but the vaccine will be safe and has no side effects.
Two of them had spent the night on July 16, while three had just arrived on the morning of the 17th of the same month.
In this regard, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma in his expression of appreciation, said, “We are proud that the State Tobacco Control Cell of Meghalaya has brought the title of the state in the fight against food and tobacco, for which it received the WHO Award.
Meanwhile, from zone 1 at Umbuda Nongpoh, the match was suspended due to heavy rain after East Jaintia Hills DCA had completed its turn but the match was suspended due to heavy rain. The Shillong Cricket Association could not finish the match and had to end the match without any result.
In the blue card villages, the price of ration is T.11 to T.12 per kilo.
After arriving at these places, they abducted the driver to other forest areas and forced him to call the owner that they had finished transporting the jhur and to send the money through Google Pay to him. traders or suppliers who are in fact the kidnappers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kior Sing Hinge admitted that he has a purpose if the people want him.
Shillong Lajong are in seventh position with 26 points from 16 games, while Rajasthan are in sixth position with 17 points.
He said the Government of India has provided free medical treatment to all pregnant women under the PMSMA and urged them to take advantage of this scheme.
Kyrmen Shylla handed over cash prizes of T.1 lakh and T.50,000 to the winners of the 2nd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association on Monday.
Furthermore, the marriage between a man and a cow should not be called 'Marriage' but should be called 'Jingshongku-thymmai' because in the past there was no such thing as a man riding a cow, we know only the marriage. you are a man to a man.
Mairang, Nailur, 6: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) on Tuesday said that on the 17th of Nailar, he received a complaint from a man from a village in Mairang. District, that on 15th July 2022 at about 7:00 pm, his 15-year-old daughter was raped by a man from the same village in Mairang Eastern. West Khasi Hills District.
The village authorities have also said that candidates and parties who have not yet submitted their letters are requested to submit them on or before 13th June at 7pm otherwise they will not be included in this program or public meeting.
On the other hand, the MPMC feels that women and children at this time no longer have that sense of security in their lives, due to the prevalence of crime.
Nongstoiñ: The National People's Party (NPP) has become stronger in the Nongstoin Constituency after many of its supporters and office bearers came to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Furthermore, the strength of the NPP has empowered and encouraged the party candidate Bah Apsharailang Syiem and the Congress office bearers joined the party today. The NPP MDC candidate for Nongstoin welcomed the youths who came to join the NPP.
He said that the ideas of the election campaign are worthless and it seems like politics to deceive someone, by deceiving and defeating someone.
Shillong: The Hariman Prabhat Feri Mandal Shillong, on Tuesday 5th July 2021, donated 30 byrni of cow rice to the BSF. He said that the cow has a close relationship with the Hindu faith and he is very happy when there is such a help and he promises to help in the future.
The protest in Jarain village is to immediately remove Ami Tariang as the Acting Waheh Shnong and if this issue cannot be resolved, the villagers will not hesitate to hold a stronger protest. From now on at any time until a fair trial is obtained, the Dolloi shall bear responsibility for his disturbance of the village of Jarain by his own decisions.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla congratulated the Village Authorities of Tuberkmaishnong, from the Waheh Shnong and the former Waheh Shnong, for whatever work they do is for the safety of the people. of the general public.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Fenela Nonglait said that such programs are the most important to reach the villages and areas as many people need to have access to such facilities. especially to take care of their eyes.
They can then work together to ensure that they know those rules for the sake of their health and that of the baby.
On the other hand, Bah R.Ryntathiang President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District, said that the Seng has bought the land and has already registered it with the office of the Syiem.
Therefore, he hopes that through the nomination of Balasiewdor Wahlang in the cycle race in Shillong, it will be an example for other youths from this district to have that spirit of cycle. “If others can, why can't I reach that goal?”
Earlier, the Kmai Raij brought the trees to Iawmusiang, Jowai.
The Indigenous Tribal Leaders' Forum (ITLF), a group of Kuki-Zo people of Churachandpur, identified the man as David Hmar.
He said it was the Meghalaya government which first opposed the bill, which has now received the soh after the bill failed.
"The Usha Janome Allure DLX, a state-of-the-art sewing machine from Ledaroi Laloo, has automatic needle threading, LED sewing light, feed drop lever, 13 Built-in stitch Function, and 21 applications including Buttonhole Stitch, Rolled Hemming, Stretch Stitching, Embroidery, Zip Fixing, Quilting, Smocking, and more.
The funeral service of (L) Hep Dhar Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka will be held tomorrow (05/01/2021) at 9:00 pm at his mother's house in the village. The village of Nartiang.
I agree with this article.
However, in this age, it has been seen that the marriage has become only a threat to the flesh, there is no longer any fear of anyone, even the parents are no longer respected. and where else shall I ask?
This was the voice of the Congress Ministers, MLAs and MDCs at the meeting of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Monday, which was attended by Lok Sabha MP Ma Vincent H. Pala is also a Minister of Government.
The recipients of this award are Sanbhalang D Nongrum, Quinoris Syrnah of SSLC Exam 2013, Shiningstar N. Thabah, Agnes Marbaniang and Banrikynti Nongbri of HSSLC Exam
There are people who are quick to witness, even among those who receive money and cheques.
Shillong: The Motphran Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association (MARODA) in its meeting held on the 4th of this month before the renewal of the office bearers has decided to request the State Government to exempt the taxes. (Tax) at least 50%.
ML-07A-6339 was driven by Poishwa Tariang from Tumtum village, WJH district.
On the other hand, the JNC demands that the perpetrator should be sentenced to life imprisonment.
Bollywood actress Nora Fatehi will not be able to attend the festival to see with her own eyes the famous American singer Ne-yo who will also sing the song. Your famous song is called “Let Me Love You”.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: A fire has destroyed a house in Pdeng shnong, Malki at 10:30 pm. that the fire hour has expired.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday ruled that the payment of compensation to those who die in jail not from illness should not be a warning or punishment to the government. so that the relevant authorities will listen and be vigilant so that such incidents or deaths will not happen again in the future.
He also expressed his regret that in Shillong there are four constituencies which are dominated by other ethnic groups who are voters and this poses a threat to the ethnic group.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today decided to close down the ground floor of the house of H. Diengdoh, Nandi Ram or the house of Nandi Ram. Laban Square and the house of Pradeep Chakraborty (resident) at the house of KPal, Lower Harisabha, Laban.
He said that the cases of more than six months will be considered by the Advisory Board.
“Don't worry about Rida, I will support her while she is going to school and if she wants to stay with me I am ready to accept her.
Therefore, you will find many women carrying cosmetics like lipstick, eyeliners and others wherever they go.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Nongkrem constituency on Tuesday refused to criticize other opponents in the election. for political reasons.
The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and MLA from Sohra constituency, Gavin M Mylliem, said that leaders who join political parties should be strong on the basis on which they stand.
“In those days when Bah Lapang was in Delhi, he called me and we talked in which I expressed my surprise at his decision to leave the Congress, which he had many members. years and as one of the great leaders," said Dr Jemino.
In the petition, they said that due to the large number of residents, the PHC has not been able to provide adequate health care to the people due to the lack of doctors, staff nurses and staff. .
Recently, the Mawlai Police Station has informed the meat farmers in Mawlai area that they should no longer cut meat at home but should come to the meat cutting center set up by the government. .
The Jañtia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JHAFI) is one of the organizations that has worked hard to protect the Myndtu River in the areas of Jowai.
Back street Boys, who have returned to the music industry after 13 years, has announced that they will perform in Mumbai and Delhi in June as part of their tour. around it.
“I used to see Somchai listening to music and watching football on his mobile before going to bed,” Saeng said.
Mt.26:39′′...My Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.
After the protest by the truck owners under the banner of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) which lasted for many months to demand the implementation of the new dewbilat fee, the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills have had to approved and approved the implementation of dewbilat at the rate of T.7 per metric tonne per kilometer in the state.
He said that he got a water tank at home in 2020 and since then, he has been able to fetch water and drink water from the river.
I think the TMC is fighting for peace and it cannot be said that the Congress also wants to be peaceful and strong in Meghalaya because we have loving supporters in Garo Hills and also in the country. Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” said the Congress Leader.
These students from 90 schools will take part in the cleanliness drive in Shillong.
The report was released so that the people would know the truth and not be misled.
“They are going to spend tens of lakhs of rupees to pay the Chairman and Co-Chairman, our Prime Minister is a person who is not educated and he needs three or four Advisers. “To advise him that the government will have to pay them from T.50,000 to T1 lakh per month, this is a waste of public money,” he added.
At the same time, she informed that Johny is no longer working with the federation, so she urged the clubs not to work with him from now on.
In this regard, as a sign of condolences to the family, the leaders and members of the KSU, have left to help the family as much as possible.
Through this victory, the team has qualified for the World Dance Junior Championships to be held in the United States of America (USA).
Even Mukroh village is not owned by the Assam Government by setting up a police station.
UDP President and Cabinet Member Paul Lyngdoh has confirmed that he will not contest for the ticket.
I went to the cemetery, I praised all the dead but no one spoke, I cursed them all but no one answered.
The MLAs from the city did not want to know about these things.
In a statement, the Seng through Lamdaki Myrchiang Publicity Secretary said that during the meeting, the Seng expressed its anger at the Inspector of Supply's decision to meet with the village leaders but she did not. was always inside her head office.
God's Word speaks of those last days.
Many articles in the newspapers about diseases, deaths and deaths have nothing to do with this, according to the witnesses of these elderly and young people.
He said the education department does not know who received the report and we do not know who wrote and posted the report.
“The cost of this seizure by the Central Police will be borne by the State Government,” said the order.
There have been many achievements of the farmers through these schemes, said NPP and NPYF Secretary Bajop Pyngrope.
Shillong: In the fire that broke out in the church of U Blei, yesterday, it was found that the house was completely destroyed, but there was a Bible, which was not burnt at all in the fire. church.
Furthermore, they expressed their deep regret for the unfair treatment of the chiefs to the Khun u Hajar and the Hima, which is a thanksgiving and a violation of the covenant according to the Dorbar Raid.
She said that she has no objection to the BJP, but joining the NPP is to work together to bring about development in the constituency.
Baltimore Mayor Brandon Scott, in a statement to the media, strongly condemned the incident and the shooting of any robbers involved in the incident. justice will trial them and they will have to face the penalties of the law as per the prescribed offense provisions.
According to a statement sent by the state government, the implementation of the National Clan Air Program will be implemented in various sectors to involve all parties in order to achieve this goal of reducing pollution. of the lyer in the Byrnihat area.
The elders believe that the boundary of the Jaintia Hills in the past extended to the village of Syiem Sajar which is now in the North Cachar Hills, and to the east to Jaintiapur where the ancient house of Syiem Sutnga was located.
The presence of this Mini Bank has been a great blessing to the people.
There is a saying, “Where there is no peace, there is no development and when there is no development there is no peace.
On the other hand, he appealed to the farmers to take responsibility to protect the environment besides agriculture and especially to protect the water sources and resources under the environment so that that the future generation will not suffer from the threat of climate change.
Shillong, July 19: “Ka Sohra, which is famous not only for its rainfall but also for its beautiful nature, has attracted many tourists. “The road is very bad which has caused a lot of trouble to many tourists,” said the President of HYC-Sohra, Bah S Nongrum.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw expressed his satisfaction that the hard work of him and the village leaders has now come true and the foundation stone for the Shillong Lummawnei, Umthlong River has been laid. , Mawiong & Block 13 Water Supply Scheme.
Nongpoh, July 01: As one of the old men who used to live to support his family by building houses or other constructions which he has spent many decades, but since the arrival of During the lockdown and lack of jobs, he has turned back to handicrafts with the aim of saving his family through these jobs. hand.
These days when I go to Bangalore, I meet many Khasi students, especially girls.
Other Regional Committees of Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi Sector have already held meetings recently and what remains is to conduct a border inspection to meet the people, especially to ask where they want to go. You are from Meghalaya and Assam.
Nongpoh, March 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will soon implement a pilot project starting from Ri-Bhoi District as the leader in the state to collect the. Patients Medical Record through computers and software specially developed by the government to facilitate doctors from CHCs to Civil Hospitals in the district.
“It was not given time according to his request but suddenly he decided to drop the investigation,” said the Deputy CEM. PWD to conduct further investigation.
The FKJGP said that this action of the police is because they have accused the members of the FKJGP of being involved in disturbing the rally. The behavior of the police is like throwing petrol on the fire 'because they have been accused and arrested like they have arrested the insurgents'
FSOMA and The Revolution MMA congratulate and wish these athletes all the best in their sporting careers.
He also spoke on the problems faced by the farmers especially on the decline in the price of forest products such as synsar, latyrpad and others.
The choreography was taught by Saralyne Mawlong.
He said that tomorrow the CEC will set up an Election Committee to invite those who wish to contest the MP election. “I don't want to say anything because it only appears in the newspapers but we will know when the election committee has called how many candidates will apply,” he said.
He said that the Directorate of Forensic Sciences has been established as a department dedicated to providing services to ensure the truth and rights and this workshop has been a good service in this regard.
One of the RBI officials, said that if you have any complaints against any commercial bank and if such banks do not clear your complaint within six months, you can lodge a complaint. to the RBI, either through letters of complaint or they can also send their complaints to the e-mail of the RBI, ie through the website of the RBI, so that the RBI can take the necessary action. everything.
This is the fourth time that Mawsynram has experienced such heavy rainfall in July.
Bah Jeffrey Khymdeit – Joint Secretary UDP YW State 8.
Shillong: There have been 85 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 46 cases in East Khasi Hills.
“If we can get land from the army, why can't we get land from the IIG office because this is the responsibility of the government.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today decided to introduce the Administrator Rule (AR) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“We hope for the best from this talks but we cannot be sure how far this talks will go or how successful it will be because so far the only successful peace talks are the Mizoram Peace Accord “If you look at the world or in the history of India, other social agreements between the opposition parties and the Government of India don't go anywhere. They end up in the writings and promises of the Government,” he said. Bah Sainkopar.
“It is easy to convince people by saying to build the future but without explaining how to do it,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“Bah Shullai said he was “pleased” to see that the political parties have appointed spokespersons only to fight against the TMC. who are in power," he said.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie said that he has been an MLA for 4 terms, an MDC for one term and a Minister for three terms for 30 years. He feels that it is time for him to contest the MP election, and he will leave this to the wisdom of the party leaders.
A case was registered against him under the Immoral Trafficking (Prevention) Act 1956 at Tura Police Station.
Imat wat any power of luin in this power of magic of mobile shi shi.
In Shillong, many constituencies have been decided by other ethnic groups.
The statements of the leaders of the MDA government especially the ruling party in Meghalaya have surprised and upset not only the Sengbhalang leaders but the people of Khasi-Jaintia as a whole.
Family livestock such as pigs, chickens, goats and some cows support the families.
These are not only related to the internal organs of the body but can also help reduce other ailments in the body.
Police have rescued 500 boys and adults from the fourth Muslim school, who were chained, bombed and tied by the school authorities. , reported the Daily Mail.
From that time on, when Jesus blessed Zacchaeus' house, it was filled with joy, peace, glory and holiness even though all the people hated him.
Police have arrested an employee of Marvelene's Inn, Mamuni Parveen, Tarisha Mary Kharbamon, Mona Lisa Shangpliang, 22, and Madan Bahadur Thapa from Jhalupara.
On the other hand, Bah Lyngwa warned the meat shops that according to the order of the High Court, it is prohibited to sell or slaughter meat such as cow or pig heads in the shops. to the people who came to the market.
When asked about this, Bah Mawsor said that this action of the government is unacceptable because there will be two thew checkpoints on the same road. to be relocated to the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking on the landslides in some districts, Kong Matsiewdor said that the SDMA is working to clean up the garbage from these areas, and is awaiting a report on the progress of the work. .
But when the devil is out.
However, if education as it sells is not so, especially according to the demands of man, why do many young people have to start their own business even if it is the lowest?
There are also other ethnic groups who do not contest as Scheduled Tribes, but who compete as Generals, and have been able to reach the top ranks.
On Saturday, the mother lodged a complaint with the Phramer Police Station.
After several people saw him, they immediately informed the Health department and he was arrested and taken to the Youth Hostel for quarantine.
From the information received, it is understood that the increase in the number of cases in these 14 villages is due to the permission of the State Government to enter and leave the country. that these are also places, which are well cleaned by others, in the sale and purchase, transportation and travel, between the shopkeepers and shopkeepers, shopkeepers, daju and others. who are in these market places and surrounding villages.
Russia so far has 150,000 troops in eastern, eastern and western Ukraine, according to Western estimates.
The ANLA member, Hearsing D Shira, alias Alabok, was arrested with a 7.65 Pistol, bullets, a knife and demand letters. Nongstoin, November 29: In order to prevent the robbers from entering the Kinkba area adjacent to the Nongstoin Bye Pass, The VDPs of three villages including Nongsohpian, Mawrohporsohsat and Mawrusyiar West Khasi Hills have issued a warning not to allow any more visitors to the area.
JOWAI: The General Secretary of the Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Shnong, Lammat OO Laloo on Tuesday launched the lucky draw tickets for the Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Shnong.
In an age when people use mobile phones, video chats and text messages to communicate stories, the residents of Kongthong village have communicated with each other only through the sounds of music and singing through various methods. different voices called out to each other.
Speech by the Kongsah, Bah Eldie, said that foreigners have come to destroy the beloved country to traffic in drugs which has destroyed many of the youth of the country.
However, if you send training to these skills developers, you will be able to develop skills that are not beautiful such as skill development and beautiful partition skills.
In his speech, the Chief Guest recalled the dedication and sacrifice of the freedom fighters from Mahatma Gandhi to Tirot Singh and Kiangnangbah, who sacrificed their lives to liberate the country from foreign rulers. .
The new office bearers of FKJGP Umden Circle for the term 2022-25 include Samla S Syiem President, Vice President Khymdeit, Apkyrmen Trang General Secretary and others. President of the FKJGP.
Jowai MLA, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, in his speech, urged the school children not to rush into marriage, but to think first about their future and what they want to do in life. and to focus and work hard in their studies so that their future will be bright and prosperous.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Police have arrested three persons identified as Richard Warjri, Kailash Sharma and Wakil Sunn at 1 pm today. three persons on suspicion of being involved in money laundering in the state.
The speakers in their speeches expressed their delight to be able to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of India and urged the youth to ride their bikes carefully and apart from any events.
This was announced in a statement by the Personal Assistant of Md. Azeem Vincent Pala, MP from Shillong.
The father drowned in the pond and his three children survived.
After the Holy Mass, the Sacrament was celebrated by Fr.Glorious Syiemlieh, Parish Priest of Umden Parish. Bah Grigori Kharumnuid gave a speech on the topic of thanksgiving to God and how to have a relationship between father and mother to strengthen the family. .
The US$ 100,000 project aims to create jobs for youth between the ages of 16 to 35 years, improve secondary and higher secondary schools as well as technical and vocational schools.
The union has written to protest against the government's decision to send these family members from abroad to return to the state.
Panaliar SC beat Mooknor Thadmuthlong SC 1-0 in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Thursday.
The issue of funding new projects through assistance from the Central Government was also discussed.
During the raid, police seized a large number of items used by the police officers, including the uniform worn by the IGP. , ID cards and money were also seized.
In Meghalaya, the State Government has taken action on this issue, recently the district authorities like West Jaintia Hills and others have banned the use of plastics below 50 microns.
In another incident, a truck (AS-01FC-9951) driven by Raju Rajbongshi (20) overturned at Ratacherra, East Jaintia Hills. in this vehicle he was seriously injured, police said.
Which tribes do the Kshiar tribes have in common with each other?
“We have asked the MLAs, MDCs and party leaders to prepare for the elections,” he said.
The meeting decided to postpone the meeting as the date of the public meeting at Madan Syiem has coincided with the meeting convened by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep. in the Community Hall of Wahingdoh.
Speaking to Ma Vincent H. Pala MP Lok Sabha from Shillong Seat, he said, “I see that people are now turning to the Congress.
“You still dare to sleep again,” said the father, turning back and walking outside the house.
Bonifilia Shullai, a footballer, has brought pride not only to the nation but to the state as a whole after being selected for the Indian team for the SAFF U-16 Women's Championship in Nepal. which is going on now.
During his visit to Lower Subansiri, the Governor also had the opportunity to hold meetings with the residents of Yazi and other neighboring villages.
These candidates who have won the ticket told me that they have gone around the constituency but when they asked the opinion of the people they said that it would be difficult for them to win the election if they did not contest from the constituency. Ardent said the party is from the HSPDP.
The President of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the party has already met with the Chief Minister on 15th October 2024 to inform and request to extend the age limit. Unfortunately, after meeting with the Chief Minister, the Election Commission of India has announced to implement the Model Code of Conduct and therefore the demand cannot be made.
“Everywhere I went there was a loud voice and this is my first campaign in the south,” she said.
He said the KHADC will receive T.133.12 crore, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will receive T.100.71 crore and the JHADC will receive T.33.57 crore.
“Many of the former office bearers of 2015 don't know how a new President has been appointed in place of Phrang R Bareh who was elected President in
However, it was Portugal who opened the scoring first in the second half through Christiano Ronaldo.
When inquired from some of the vendors who came to carry goods from Assam, they said that the Assam police in Langpih used to block the road for them to enter the market. Khasi and do not allow even vehicles to carry their goods.
Eleazer attended a meeting at Mukhap on Tuesday night.
Regarding these remarks of Bah Adelbert, Bah Ardent said, “This remark of Bah Adelbert makes me feel like if Paul and I meet on the road, we will just shrut beit”.
This is after 10 months of implementation of the ban on the use of plastic, and according to the Executive Member (EM) of KHADC in charge of the market, Bah Jambor War, it has been successful although it is a challenge. beginning.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne, said, “The smuggling of foreigners into the villages in Shillong , and especially in relation to Madanriting Village, has brought many surprises, on his part, he urged the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to call the Rangbah Shnong of Madanriting Village to discuss the situation. especially from the arrival of these people in this village.
Banshanlang Nongdhar tied for 35 runs off 21 balls.
On the same day, a 2 minute silence will be held to remember those Hill State fighters who have sacrificed their lives and a 2 minute handshake will be held to pay tribute to all the Hill State fighters. Shillong: The HANM Mawshynrut Circle, while monitoring the road works under various government schemes, has also found that the employees of the authorities are working on the roads. One of the leaders, who did not want to be named, said that yesterday, when asked by the mynder workers on the Riangsih-Nongjri road, they replied that they don't have the labor license in hand. According to the reply, one of the mynder employees said that there is only one mystery out of 25 mynder contractors.
Gurnam also went to Chennai for treatment of diabetes, hypertension and idiopathic vertigo.
Jesus said, “You will hear of wars and rumors of wars. Take heed, and do not be troubled, for all these things must come to pass.
Mr. Gavin also explained the history of MCCL especially from 1989-90 to 2006-07 where the income has been steady and has not been debt anywhere.
The RBSU leader said that the actions of the Syiem of Raid Marwet and Hima Mylliem have shown that they have no responsibility to protect the land, but have decided to auction it to foreigners. , the land in the area, which is the border area and near the city of Guwahati.
Everyone feels that the presence of invisible lights gives peace of mind to those who travel alone and also hides the colors of the belongings they carry, and we often forget that this is the same. The ïit ïong also hides the robbers and provides shelter for the robbers in these new activities.
Shillong: The Excise Department of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has raided 24 cases of liquor in restaurants and shops in Shillong and Khapsor city in November this year. 102.950 liters of pyrsi and 66.385 liters of phareng were seized.
Ardent strongly condemned the government for repealing the Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act, 1970 by introducing the Meghalaya Regulation of Gambling Ordinance 2021 and called upon the people and the state as a whole. that they should stand against this action of the government.
Kurbah said that the minimum salary of 1000 days per annum is only 10 rupees per annum and she expressed her deep sorrow over the insults of the MDA government, led by the MDA government. The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that for many years, they have been waiting for the government to increase the salaries, but they have been ignored and have not taken the decision of the school teachers.
On the other hand, Susan Syiem said that the government's decision to help pay the IAS officers, they cannot say whether it is right or not, because it is the decision of the government, which runs the state.
Mawkyrwat, June 25: The 10 Kurs of Rikhaiñ Nonglynkien have decided to revive the agreement of the 10 Kurs which has been in place since in the year
Shillong, October 18: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today announced its candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha MP elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The OM said that the vacancies in the districts will be implemented according to the OM issued on 18th November 1972, in which 80 percent will be reserved for those from the districts including Garo, Khasi-Jaintia, This means that 80 percent of the jobs that cannot be transferred in the districts under Khasi Hills will be allocated to Khasi and in the districts under Garo Hills, 80 percent will be allocated to Garo.
“The driving force behind public awareness is that these 38 households are already vulnerable, then the government will take the majority and there it will always say it won but we live in a democracy, they “The people have the right to protest because this is their land and not the government's land,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Earlier, the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance headed by Shri Yashwant Sinha had rejected the NIAI Bill, 2010 and since then the Aadhar Number Bill has not been introduced in Parliament. .
They are lazy and idle teachers.
That Laodicean church, the church of the people, feels self-sufficient by saying – “I am rich, and have gotten riches, and have need of nothing (because of riches).
“In 2019, the BJP government in Delhi has strengthened the coal mining industry by recognizing the rights of the owners by amending the MMDR Act 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rule , by facilitating coal mining by recognizing the owners of the mines in the same category as any State Government under rule 27 of the Mineral Concession Rule,
The shop was owned by Kong H Kynta who lives in the area.
According to reports, no casualties were reported.
Shillong: According to a post by Angela A Rangksai on her Facebook page, the residents of Mawsohmad, one of the villages in the Khatarshnong Area, live on shriew without getting rice to eat. it is false and misleading, at the same time surprising to many because nothing like it is found.
It is a straight tree, at the time of its growth it is covered with shiah which covers the whole body but these shyiah disappear gradually as it grows older.
Then Antisthenes (445 – 365 BC), a Greek philosopher and student of Socrates, said: “Listen to your enemies because they are the first to find your faults.
The program was implemented under the Gramodyog Vikas Yojna, a scheme implemented by the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) which supports factories in rural areas.
JOWAI: The theme of the Rong Kba (Rice Festival) is that the future depends on the seeds.
German doctors have gone out to walk naked and posted their naked pictures on social media, in what they call "Blanke Bedenken", or the shame of walking naked.
In protest against the KHADC order issued on the 4th June 2023, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs today held a special meeting to discuss and discuss the order. which was held today at Umsning.
Speaking on the implementation of major decisions that have been pending for decades, the Prime Minister spoke about Article 370, GST, OROP and the 10 percent quota for the poor.
Shortly after, on 31st March, the same man came to the bus stand in Sohra and told the conductor of the bus ML05-E-2454, to tell the sirdar of Wahlang to kill him. If you go to Shillong as you have promised before.
The KSU Wapung handed over these items on the 24th of July.
Also present at the tournament were Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, Dipshon Lyngdoh Nongbri who is also a member of the SSA and others.
Those who love their history when they walk through these parts of this road, feel like they are still drinking water, ringing and breathing the wind that our ancestors experienced. ha those that por.
The same report said the other cases were Angel Di Maria and Leandro Paredes, who are currently on a holiday to Ibiza, Spain.
The HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit together with the Central Body held a memorial service at the IB PWD Upper Nongstoin in the presence of Bah Ardent Miller D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin, Bah Witting Mawsor MLA, and others. The commemoration was also held in different parts and villages of the Nongstoin Constituency.
In this regard, the union urged the government to take action against the children of Umduba so that the children will not be affected by this incident. You can't accept any other path.
Regarding the demand for provincialization of teaching posts in the state, Dr Laloo said the issue is still under the consideration of the government and he has already issued a directive to the teachers. officer to prepare the names of schools that can be placed under this category of provincialisation and to submit them to the government to see if they have the funds.
Kazakhstan has a long history of drug trafficking at the forefront of the smuggling conflict.
“The increase in the number of robberies may also be due to the lack of victims to report immediately to the relevant authorities or law enforcement agencies. “These criminals are also encouraged to create more and more effective ways to commit crimes in the society,” said Bah Skhembor.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The State Government has approved to allocate up to T.800 crore to MeECL to borrow for its needs.
The President of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) East Jaintia Hills, Bah Skhembor Shadap, has expressed his anger over the government's insult to the area.
In the 2014 MDC elections, the turnout in JHADC was 79 percent and KHADC 72 percent.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has closed down the Dewbilat Dalmia Cement Factory at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills.
“Ei, Riia, I don't feel comfortable without your presence. I'll come to my house at 4 o'clock.
They have taken the initiative to protest by going on hunger strike and announced that they will come to Shillong to hold their protest,” said Bah Titos who demanded the government to release their salaries before Christmas.
New Delhi, July 22: The Government of India today issued a strong warning to government employees to arrive on time, or they will face severe punishment.
The civil sub division in Patharkhmah Ri Bhoi Sepngi will be a great blessing and benefit to the residents of the area. However, with the establishment of the Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah, almost all the works have been completed within the Civil Sub Division where all the departments. there are all except a few perhaps.
Speaking to media, after a meeting with the Minister of State, the President of the Union, Bah Joplin Sten, said that the road, which has been idle for many years, Villages in this area are suffering from the deterioration of this road.
The next match will be played at Mairang on the 29th and 30th of November.
“What has not been accomplished in 65 years, India under the leadership of the Prime Minister has accomplished in nine years.
We have to act on the rules and regulations and that is why we have composed this song according to the rules".
It is better to destroy the corrupt Cong.
The Supreme Court will take the final hearing on the case on July 2 next year.
Hearing the PIL, the court said that although the unit has already been built at the Civil Hospital, Shillong which has only a few beds and is ready to open next month. However, it is clear that there are no adequate equipment or resources to treat this terrible disease.
After the bloodshed in Sudan two months ago and now which has affected the peace and stability in the country, reports said that Sudan will receive up to 1.5 billion US dollars in aid. some countries of the world have decided to provide assistance to Sudan in such a time of crisis and suffering.
Referring to the appointment by District Selection Committees (DSCs), the Minister said it is not true that the DSCs have not invited applications because they have conducted the appointments even though it is not the case. much.
The SP said that two persons have been arrested so far and two others are being sought for suspected involvement in the robbery.
They said that as an MP, he should seek clarification from the Government of India through the Prime Minister's Office, the Department of Road Transport and Highways, the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) and also from the Government of Meghalaya through the Chief Minister. Minister Office on the exact purpose of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
Father Abraham Ponvelil, who is a female priest, has been suspended by the authorities of the Missionaries of St. Francis de Sales.
In Sohra, 131.2mm, while today, till 2.30 pm, it was 98.8mm and in Umiam, it was 11.4mm, yesterday, while it is now 1.1mm.
In fact, the Administrative Secretary to the Assembly, Pastor NS Phawa, in an earlier interview, admitted that he had received a complaint from the employees of Robert Hospital regarding the misuse of funds by the authorities. hospital.
If bloodshed resumes, we believe it will take years to eradicate it and bring peace.
This year’s Diwali celebration falls on Sunday, November 12, 2023.
On the issues related to the relocation of the Assam Rifles headquarters, it was said that the former state government under the leadership of Laldenga had also demanded that the headquarters should be relocated to Zokhawsang.
If that spirit does not participate in the first resurrection, it will have to rise in the second resurrection.
So his father Rana Mawsor, who was a wise priest, decided to sacrifice to Ud longtheng.
“They did not even enter the manager's room and especially the strong room,” said police investigating the incident.
The incident was brought by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira in the House today who demanded that a judicial inquiry should be conducted and compensation should be paid to the injured and the police involved should be punished. task.
At the same time, all land owners in Mawlai Kynton Massar are urged to meet with the Rangbah Dong before that day for the cleanliness drive.
After that, the police fled the scene and immediately the angry crowd turned to the thant in Nivia and there they attacked a policeman, Paritosh Maal and burnt them. When the CRP and police chiefs arrived at the scene, a gun, a bicycle and documents were destroyed. leaves have been burned.
Donisstar, who was sitting on top of the truck, died after sustaining serious head injuries.
Not only those who have died in Christ will be resurrected, but also those who have died long ago. in the blood of the Lamb" Revelation 7:1
The lack of attention of the State Government to this District has left this area in the west to lag behind in many aspects.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, has suspended the interview, due to the protest of the Sengbhalang that the DSWO Office has called for interview only those who have registered with the Employment Exchange. .
In the secondary category, the district award was presented to Kong Wanhok Lamar, Vice Principal, QC Springside Hr.Sec.
Guwahati: There have been 113 new cases of covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to more than 3,0
Shillong: The Darrang Tourism Promotion and Development Society in collaboration with the Tour Operators Association of Meghalaya, with the assistance of the state government, has launched a training for boat owners and guides at Darrang Tourist. Sports.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi College, the Seng Khasi College has organized an Inter-College Arm Wrestling Competition on the 02nd June 14 different colleges including St. Anthony's College, St. Edmund's College, St. Dominic's College, St. Mary's College, Sankardev College, Shillong Polytechnic, Synod College, Shillong Commerce College, Seng Khasi College, BBS College, MLCU, Mawlai Presbyterian College, Umshyrpi College and Women's College.
“The political ideology in West Bengal has nothing to do with Meghalaya.
Tipbriew tipblei is the law of God, the Creator and the distributor of man and woman: which protects the human being, the family, the clan, the community, the work, the think of the world, think of power; it is the source of all that is glorious, praiseworthy, beautiful, true and perfect: which elevates the rank of man to higher levels of life: which produces love, joy, hope, perseverance and fortitude; which stretcheth forth the hands of understanding unto the things of knowledge which please man and God.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The residents of Mawkyrwat, South West have been informed about the deterioration of the road from Mawthawpdah – Laitlawsnai to Rangdkhiew. Khasi Hills District.
Speaking at the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that the purpose of the meeting was to honor these four ANMs from the district. He also congratulated the District Immunization Officer (DIO) of East Jaintia Hills District, Dr Nidanom Suchiang, the Medical Officer of Sutnga CHC, Dr R.K. Toi, who works hard to improve the quality of health care and who always gives support and cooperation to his colleagues at any time, encouraged them as well as the ANMs to They will continue to do good deeds in the community.
Try to use your hands by drawing, painting, painting, writing or singing and so on.
Riangtem recalled that regarding the delay of the contractor in the construction of the road, until the elders of the area went to meet the Executive Engineer of PWD and asked them to give it to your writing.
Meanwhile, Bah Amazing took part as the tyngshop and the winner was Meda Basaiawmoit.
“The elders felt it was necessary to support the CSWO Agnes Kharshiing who has demanded to hand over the investigation to the CBI so that the investigation will be truly clean and thorough,” he said. state.
In the men's category, Eddie Cruise Syiemiong from Lumpyngngad won the first prize while Kordor Lang Thangkhiew from Lumsohphoh won the second prize. Brilliant S. Thabah from Lumsohphoh.
On the other hand, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, who led the MDCs to the Minister of District Council, said that they also want the government to The President's Decree 1950 should be amended because there are 50 ethnic groups in the state.
Rear Admiral Daniel Hagari, an IDF spokesman, said they had discussed with hospital staff to evacuate the patients, who were blocked by Hamas militants. The army chief said that the militants had escaped from the hospital when the troops entered the hospital without seeing them.
They said that all the leaders and office bearers of HITO Ri-Bhoi have taken this step in protest against the announcement by the President of the Seng Kmie, Bah Donbok Dkhar on social media groups that he The President and Working President of Ri-Bhoi District.
In human beings, when we face difficulties or problems, we sometimes feel that we have fallen down and cannot rise but we thank God that the Lord is above the problem/struggle.
Two experts also gave training and explanations on many issues to the youth.
Hundreds of runs scored by the player also led the New Zealand team to 483 runs in the match with the loss of all the batsmen in the second innings and England also scored 258 runs to win the match.
On the other hand, the volunteers send their condolences to all the relatives and would like to thank the HYC for their cooperation.
It was also decided that from now on, if there is a need to participate in international or national film festivals, there will be a selection committee headed by the Chief Secretary.
Sohra received 179.6 mm of rainfall, while Shillong received 59.7 mm and Umiam 50.4 mm.
The Naga Police guard their own state and do not allow the Assam Police to cross the border as they do on the Meghalaya border.
She said she does not want to blame anyone or the incumbent MP Vincent H Pala but it is up to the people to judge the actions of the MP. Who will contest MLA from the place where she is now, if she wins the MP but she said that her son is also old, there is no problem for her to take over the lyngkor but it depends on the decision of the people. bad you party.
A copy of the report was also submitted to the Committee.
The Minister also met with community groups such as COCOMI, AMUCO, AMOCOC, MMW, STDCM, FOCS and student groups.
Looking at the bowling style of Ri Bhoi, it can be said that the team has a strong bowling performance in which they have conceded only 26 extra runs.
He also strongly criticized the signing of the MOU by the Prime Minister without following the legal procedures. They have forgotten to consider the Standstill Agreement signed by the Syiems, the Instrument of Accession (IOA) which recognizes the Hima and according to the IOA the District Council. The land belonging to the Hima and the District Council shall be the boundary of the State.
Total cases 41726 Recovered 31442 Active cases 10180 Deaths 101.
The poor should understand their poverty and trust in God.
“I helped him to win, I have confidence as a brother and sister that we will work together but how else can I say it is his personal understanding,” said Witting.
But as soon as he reached that place, he fell into the trap.
It may be that we don’t focus on permits.
However, NPP MLA and opposition member James K Sangma said the reason for the NC's bringing against the Lamphang was because he was not allowed to hold the dorbar for many days.
He said that the children should be 15 years of age and above and should be healthy and have completed the COVID-19 vaccination.
On behalf of SMSU, we wish peace and we want to send a message of unity to all in Manipur,” said Acting-President of SMSU, Ch.
Besides these, there will also be Under-15 for men, Mixed Doubles and for women.
ix) to urgently amend the Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act 1971. We have also recently published a book on the history of the Federation of Khasi States from 1973 to 2017 and has posted it online for those who wish to read and download. free of charge through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to clarify the border between Ri Khasi and Meghalaya.
“You have a cult certificate in the kingdom without a border.
Police said that these robbers have committed many crimes of theft and robbery which have not been revealed. Police have urged all the people who have fallen into the hands of these robbers to come and lodge complaints. they are quicker so that the police can react.
This victory is the visionary goal of the Prime Minister.
The VC said that as the appointment is in accordance with the constitution, Rohit Prasad cannot be dismissed without any proper reason and if the JAC has any reason, it should appeal. explain what we are.
The Secretary was the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem. The Joint Secretary was the Lyngdoh of Lyngiong and the Treasurer was Pa'iem Balajied Sing Syiem of Khyrim Hima. Syiems and Sordars, 6 Rangbah Shnongs and 2 members appointed by the KHADC.
These two BJP leaders are not as stupid as these four, because one of them is a teacher and a rymmuin lynter, the other is a rymmuin hi, but he has to be careful because he has two pistols in his house, according to The Returning Officer of the DC's office said.
At the same time, we urge the political parties and candidates, that many of you are worshipers of the same living God, who demands from you the knowledge of God.
The bench of two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said there is no doubt about the opinion that the bridge at Umiam, may not be able to control the traffic. heh without stopping.
Shillong: The Sohkymphor Congress Unit, has expressed its deep sorrow over the rape and murder of a school girl.
Loma Nora Jyrwa has lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of November 11, unknown robbers broke into the office of Kong Syiem at Upland Road, Laitumkhrah and robbed her. a computer, a printer, and two printers.
Any struggle is a difficult struggle especially for Bah Hek who has been an MLA for 25 years, but we have to be clean and need the love of the people because people are smarter than us politicians.
The match between the two teams was reduced to 20 overs shilliang after the rain stopped and the match started until 2 pm.
Regarding the issuance of pata, Latiplang said that the Syiem should no longer say that it is a shop pata, but should find out all the lists of foreign traders in Iewduh and to send for the renewal of their pata and it will no longer be called 'pata' but it should be said that it is a shop license or permit to set up shop and he has to make strict rules and this he has given time. that the King should complete by October
This type of disease is common in children and causes a lot of pain but nowadays this disease is less common because it can be prevented through vaccination.
Referring to the present and former politics, Rymmai said there is a big difference, because the present leaders have looked for whom they should help, but the former leaders have not. reasons to say he opposes why to help and there is no such thing.
Before handing over the shatri, the Chief Guest Samla Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, urged the students to be obedient and listen to what the teachers teach them. that their future may be bright.
The reason is that when he comes, he falls, he sits on the ground, he comes out like a sierlapalang, these people of ours have honored and thanked him to the point of sympriah kjat. which is right.
BJP Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and AIUDF Rafiqul Islam hold doctorates and Sarbananda Sonowal holds a graduate degree in Law.
Before the ceremony, Rgh DK Dkhar, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, raised the flag of the Seng Khasi and Rgh Skor Jala, Chairman of the Seng Khasi Committee, gave a vote of thanks. Rgh PD Nongrum, General Secretary of the Khasi Kmie.
Naresh Koch is a Nokma and teaches at Halchati School while Niren Koch is from Assam and teaches at the same school.
“I have filed this complaint in order to establish the foundation of the Constitution of India for the benefit of the people,” she said.
Last month, the leaders of MSSASA met with the Minister of Education of the State Government to inform him about the problems faced by the SSA teachers due to the lack of salary for three months. that is, from June to July, 2022.
The match on Monday 24th will be between Chutwakhu SC and Shangpung Moosyiem SC at 2 pm.
Jowai, Jymmang 28 : The Jowai Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA) today under the leadership of its President DH Pde held a tree planting program on the banks of the river. From Mutong to Lahong.
After the shooting, these unidentified youths fled the scene and stole the weapons intended to destroy Laitumkhrah.
Shembhalang Pyngrope top scored for Pomshutia with 31 runs from 26 balls. Kevin Diengdoh took 2/12 in 3 overs and Darius Ranee took 2/12 runs in 3 overs. 2/21 to 4 Over.
This comes after the court ordered the NRC authorities to inform them of the issue of eviction.
These waste collectors shall be handed over to the waste collectors in accordance with the arrangements of the relevant authorities.
Khiejoit Niang, Tisuk Talang President and Secretary HITO Laskein Circle and NEIMA officials were present at the donation. to the children of Spring of Hope Children's Home in Pata, Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
He said that they will try to meet together to discuss the issues that may arise so that they can be resolved immediately.
At present, sources said that they have received support from the MLAs themselves for the NC, but those who came forward to confirm there are only two and at the time of writing of this news talks with others. the MLAs themselves are still going on.
If you feel that we are persecuting you, you must go to the Christian country.
HELP TO CONTROL BLOOD PRESSURE:— According to research in the Journal of Ethnopharmacology, eating coriander or dhania can help reduce blood pressure.
First of all, I would like to thank all these Elders who have asked me for clarification.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The newly elected Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. Krishnan Kant Paul, retired IPS, today took oath before the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
After expressing his views and discussing, the doctor said that if he contests in this election, it will not be useful because the time is too short and one is the time for only “To win the election from Nongstoin, we need 10,000 votes. In fact, we should have prepared for 2018,” said the doctor. He decided to resign completely and not to contest the election and left the meeting.
Jowai, June 25: The Dorbar Shnong Niriang, West Jaintia Hills, has said that the claim that Meghalaya will get 240 acres of land is only in writing but in fact Meghalaya will lose 500 acres of land. The District has been surprised to learn through RTI that the implementation of the Integrated Watershed Management Program (IWMP) from 2010 to 2015 has been a scheme of corruption only among a few people, not from the for the benefit of the residents.
The Kenyan MP has come to Aurangabad, Maharashtra, to pay off a debt of Rs 200, which he took from a shopkeeper 22 years ago.
He said that during the inspection, it was found that Meghalaya has 360 new petrol pumps but after a thorough inspection, it was decided to open 233 new petrol pumps.
granted by the Ministry.
This disease affects the functioning of the brain which lasts for life.
However, he said that it was after the news that the Hima Mylliem has demanded the forest that the Union has come forward to demand that the EM should not listen but should. The decision to make Lum Mawpat a Law Adong.
He was taken to Sadar Police Station and fined T.2,000, said the SP of East Khasi Hills.
“We who have many welding shops, many of the works are left behind because we cannot complete them on time as we have agreed with the owners of the welding shops,” said one of the welding shop owners.
Speaking to reporters, the two suspects said that the drugs were smuggled from Lyngwa, Sohiong with the intention of giving them to another person to take the drugs. to smuggle to Mawlangsu, Phudumbah and other areas.
In this state, the BJP has supported the NPP-led Coalition Government like others,” he said.
After two years with Bengaluru FC (Under-18) in 2019, he joined Ryntih Sports Club where he spent his career until .
A little plea from this article.
The arrest was made after a search and rescue operation for these people from time to time.
Now it is up to the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government under the leadership of Conrad Kongkal Sangma, as the Prime Minister, to end these problems but not to hold elections on the issue of the people. the state.
He has taken 31 wickets from four matches, making him the 10th highest wicket-taker this season.
This was also expressed by Bah Kitwanlang.
In this regard, Kharmalki said that the Union appeals to the law enforcement agencies to be vigilant when conducting any raids on camps or shelters and not to punish them. or to promote them through social media.
Shillong: Just one day after the district authorities of East Khasi Hills District banned the opening of shops, food outlets and other activities in Shillong, street vendors have appealed to the authorities. The district administration has decided to allow shops to open until 12 noon.
After about 1 hour, some residents of the area who were passing by the area found that she was sleeping lyngktar in the area and immediately informed the police and the police immediately sent her away. The ambulance was taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center.
To curb such an enemy is difficult, because man himself first needs to understand the value of the presence of dohum in the rivers.
He scored six goals for Shillong Lajong in the I-League, making him the fourth highest scorer in the I-League.
The PWD (Roads) department has added that it has no information regarding the construction of the road as it is under the supervision of the NHIDCL. section which sank mysteriously between 12 Mer to Kherapara, where the work was abandoned pending resolution.
Speaking on the victory, the BJP leader in the country who is also the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in an address to the supporters after the counting of votes said, “There are those who say that This hat-trick is a sign for
Because Soso Tham taught at Government Boys' High School, Shillong, he stayed in Shillong for many years.
Matthew 13:14-17.
Members of the ED team raided the houses and offices of the accused government officials in North 24 Parganas district at around 6 pm. corruption with the assistance of the CM troops to go around the area for the raids as planned.
Iranian authorities have denied the allegations and said the child had collapsed due to high blood pressure (BP).
“I have been in the party for a long time since the time when there was a Ri War Circle in West Khasi Hills District in 2002-03,” said Stortonbin K.Kharai. He cannot refuse to take the decision to withdraw from the FKJGP, because the leaders have not responded to the discussions on the affairs of the units, or any other issues and this often ends up in the FKJGP. decided to work.
The Union of Sordars of Krang Area has expressed its surprise at the action of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima to sell the Shnat Hima Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang without any knowledge of the children of thousands of Hima Sohiong. However, the District Council, which in fact should protect the customs and traditions and the land, has been involved in the secret affairs of the two Himas, without giving any information on this. It doesn't matter to the Sordars or to the children of the thousands of the Hima.
Augsten Marak, who bowled for 3.4 overs, was tied for 17 runs for five wickets, while Rohit Lumbo, who bowled for 4 overs, was tied for 16 runs. took 3 wickets.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) has launched a direct action campaign in the state since 12th June 2020 in which members of COMSO have arrested illegal immigrants. COMSO is now ready to implement the second phase of Direct Action in which COMSO members will work together with the Labor Department. and the District Tast Force to investigate the illegal entry of foreign nationals into the state.
Shillong: Shillong: Shillong today received heavy rainfall of 128.4mm, according to the Meteorological Department.
Venus Rangsliang, Spokesperson of the Seng Kmie, said that the meeting will also discuss the renewal of various Committees within the Seng, such as the Committee in charge of Land, the Committee in charge of the Financial Affairs, the Employment Opportunities Committee and the Committee for the Administration of the Organization.
Referring to the provisions of the Act, the Deputy Commissioner said, “The right to freedom of movement of vehicles is mentioned in many provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 where Section to punish those who disrupt the safety of vehicles on public roads.
The branches of these Government banks which will deal with the farmers, instead of money, should provide loans to the farmers for necessities such as fertilizers, tractors, seeds and others.
The meeting was held on Saturday between the MLA, Rangbah Shnong and prominent elders to discuss the situation in the area.
He said that it is true that when there is a lack of action on some issues by the government, there are those who feel guilty and demand a change of leadership, although he did not say clearly. faithful to this part.
The Rambrai C&RD Block is separated from the Nongstoin C&RD Block and will cover 109 villages with a population of 36,1
It is also learned that the overturning of the bus was due to the brake failure.
After the appointment of the Inquiry Commission by the State Government last year on the incident at Mukroh, the retired Justice in charge of the inquiry has immediately proceeded to gather witnesses to this incident.
The UDP currently has two ministers in the coalition government, Paul Lyngdoh and Kyrmen Shylla.
Prestone said the people should not blame the state government but should also take responsibility to fight this issue.
Shillong: A robber identified as Peter Snaitang of Photjaud Rangthong Village, Shillong, has threatened to kill two young leaders of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, Donaldstone. Everwell Robin Thongni, former president and current disciplinary secretary of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit.
Khliehriat, Naitung 23: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Indian Army is inviting applications for eligible candidates to join the Army through a rally inside the country. The application process for the Agnipath Scheme will start from 27th November 2022 and end on 10th March 2022 for all districts of Meghalaya and four districts of Assam ( Nagaon, Sonitpur, Bishwanath & Moringaon).
Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 21st minute through a penalty kick from Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw.
Shillong, July 30 : The Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MSL) has celebrated its 10th Anniversary on 29th July, 2022 at Mawkhar Mylliem.
Aboh defeated Phawang Lowang of the BJP by 1,055 votes.
The winners received a cash prize of 35,000 tyngka and will now compete in the Zonal Finals to qualify for the National Finals.
Shillong: The Cherry Blossom Festival is not organized by the government, but by the private sector, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Cherry Blossom Festival is not organized by the government.
The Rangbah Shnong, Arwotki Sumer, who welcomed the meeting, said that the dorbar hall was built with the contribution of the residents. The dorbar hall and the ability to build up to three times to improve and expand it is a sign of the progress in terms of economic development in the village.
She said that their idea is that from now on if anything bad happens especially in the rural areas, the government will blame the natural forces and pay money to deceive the villagers.
Fredrick said that the ILP Act is a joke and what should be understood is that the Eastern Bengal Frontier Act 1873 is a joke and has no meaning. to still change it.
Skhemborlang Rynjah, Manager of the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya, while explaining the working methods of this assistance, said that the consumers when they buy goods when they find that they have been cheated, they can You can call this number to complain and the staff at the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya will help you to resolve the issue.
Titos said that although the Deputy CEM has not yet come to discuss the matter, he has decided to release 50 percent of the arrear with the DA. Shillong. :About 50 UDP and NPP leaders have joined the Meghalaya TMC, in the presence of the party's vice president, who is also the MLA of the constituency and TMC candidate from Umroi constituency, George B Lyngdoh, has been elected.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 24: The Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh today said that the closure of mobile Internet and Data Service will continue for 48 hours from 10:30 am today. on the 24th of this month after the mobile internet was banned since Tuesday following the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 22nd of this month.
The father said that the closure of the school is a sign of force and it is very difficult for him to come to school for his other children.
Besides, the elders also expressed their confidence in their leader that he will be able to provide more services to them.
Regarding the kindness of the people of Rtiang, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, who has been one of those who have helped the people of Rtiang, has expressed his gratitude to the people of Rtiang. of the village, for their generosity in helping those families who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and who said that the example shown by the people of Rtiang, It has become one of the best examples for other villages and that the people of other villages should follow.
Besides, he warned the Rangbah Shnongs not to allow foreigners to set up their own businesses in the land of Hynniewtrep as the KHADC cannot issue trading licenses without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
He said that the candidate of the party is an elderly man who has compassion and is ready to help the poor and those who suffer from social problems. He is also the owner of the village of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng and is not far from the people of the Constituency who can meet him at any time.
He also accused the VPP leaders of changing their minds about what they have done and said, “When the VPP candidate filed his nomination papers, when asked by the media, what would you do if you opposed the In Hindi, the VPP candidate said he was against it.
He also questioned whether the delay in recognizing the Khasi language is due to the lack of responsibility by the political party or others.
The Seng Khasi, therefore, through this statement, strongly condemns such scientific acts and urges the perpetrator to immediately remove all the images belonging to the Seng Khasi, which has been users in this video and warn that such misuse should not happen again in the future.
Many members and officials of the RSS and those from the royal family of Jashpur were present at the ceremony.
In response to Mr. Powell's question why we didn't oppose it before, why it is still happening, the answer I give here is that at that time to speak out against the actions of the shongthap (kharlieh) was very difficult. Because even our heroes like Tirot Sing Syiemlieh and Woh Kiang Nangbah didn't want to be killed and this fear of being afraid to tell the truth has lasted for decades.
Therefore, this letter should be deleted immediately," he added.
This will lead to employment in various ways.
There are about 5000 voters in the Mawhati Assembly Constituency and many more are yet to register.
Jowai, March 09: Four persons have been killed in an earthquake at Pynthorlangteiñ village in Thadlaskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Therefore, the public is requested to accept the price of rice without AAY and PHH Ration Card except for Non-NFSA Ration Card as directed above. , please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll Free No.1697, or the District Grievance Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
Sanborlang Marweiñ scored the second goal in the 37th minute and Marchsterfield Marbaniang scored the third goal in the 73rd minute.
Therefore, we have to look at from this point of view and see if there are other projects that we can implement and if there are, we want to implement them so it will be a loss to the State in terms of money. The money has arrived for some of the railway projects,” he added.
He is also accused of three cases, in which two cases have been charge sheet against him and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved.
Those who disobey, those who do wrong or excessively, the government should punish by force.
Therefore, cleanliness of oneself and one's surroundings is essential.
The wise man said, “The wicked die many times before they die, but the mighty die only once.
The two owners arrived home safely, and there were no signs of injury on their bodies, but their faces and bodies were covered with snow. eat, sources said.
Later, during the investigation, the child confessed that she was raped for about a month and this happened at the house of Bernard in Rimpu Bagan and it was alleged that Bernard was also involved in the incident. crime.
In his prayer, Bishop Purely prayed that the Creator will bless the family who have lost their loved ones and that the people of the state will also find peace in God and that nothing will happen. any incident that disrupts the peace and order.
He said that this delay could undermine the spirit of digitalization which has been encouraged by the central government to get rid of the hustle and bustle and speed up the work.
Death comes in many ways, some die in fire, in water, in rivers, in seas, or in crematoriums, or in any other form of death, whether by burial or by burning. .
Guwahati: Michael Deka Phukan, Major General of ULFA, has been appointed as the new Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the United Liberation Front of Axom (Independent).
Nongpoh: The Dear Weekly Lottery, which is famous in Nagaland and several states in the country, was launched today at Them Marwet Village, Raid Marwet. , Ri Bhoi District.
As a country and a nation we must avoid all those who divide us, said Mukhim and we must learn this truth from this church.
This book is written in English and contains many facts relating to the boundary of Meghalaya, according to the North Eastern Areas Reorganization Act to be obtained at the price of T.500 each.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that the plan to build the Medical Skill Hunar Hub is in 2020 at Babadam, West Garo Hills. District.
Jwat is the food of the thew if the thang is bad.
Members of the Executive Council of the MSOA led by John F Kharshiing, Working President, Vice President and General Secretary met with the Chief Minister. The MSOA leaders have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister on the issue of moving forward with the preparations for the National Games.
Conrad also apologized to all the MLAs that he could not answer all the questions, but he will try as much as he can to answer as he has already written down the issues raised and suggested by the MLAs. The Opposition and the Ruling Party as well.
The video of the rape of the two women happened on the 4th of June this year, one day after the riots in Manipur. this is the month of the ball.
The basis on which those organizations stand is that they are patriotic.
The total number of recoveries is 874 including 42 recoveries today. The number of samples tested positive is 79126, the number of negative samples is 76 645 and the results are There are 431 pending cases.
Earlier, the committee called for an investigation into US Secretary of State John Kerry and US military chiefs on their intentions to move forward with the project. it lasted for three hours.
Conrad said the government is looking for ways and means to curb illegal mining by using drone technology but this too will be difficult as the area will be large.
He said the government should immediately stop the illegal mining and quarrying of coal in the state.
Some of these schemes have been implemented by the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Government of India in the past six years.
The Congress candidate, Bah Osborne Kharjana, has been more active and has not made many public appearances or held public meetings.
All four candidates who have contested the mid-term elections include Gabriel Wahlang of the Congress, Diostarness Jyndiang of the HSPDP, Mosklandar Marngar of the UDP and Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait. The contest as an independent candidate will be between the HSPDP and the Congress.
Shillong: U Pastor PBM, has expressed his surprise and surprise, because the polling has been too long, which is until 23rd June
Cadenza School of Music Shangpung, a music school, has reached a milestone by opening its branch at Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntudu, West Jaintia Hills District.
Sonam was accompanied by her husband Anand Ahuja and friends Imran Amed and Nikhil Mansata.
Israel is now fully equipped to fight alone, said Israeli President Netanyahu.
To please the people is enough, otherwise there is no result.
The DSO Khliehriat has invited all the children and youth from East Jaintia Hills to take part in the National Voter's Day Run which will start at 6 pm.
However, since the BDO of Mawshynrut has taken over, the works have started to go smoothly even though there are no staff.
Esron said the meat vendors have decided to reopen their shops after the state government recently announced that Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) has been controlled in the country. state.
“There are also schools that send kids from other schools to play from their school.
Shillong: U Shri Raju Eknath Gaikwad of Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the police that unidentified robbers have misused his wedding video recorded at the Presbyterian Church, Mawlai Mawroh. Shillong on 14th November,
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Minister of Tourism, Government of India, Alphons Joseph Kannan-thanam will arrive in the state from the 9th to take part in the Wangala festival of the Garo people on the 10th.
The temperature of the air should also be much lower than in Khasi-Jaintia.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma EMH Passah said that the WJDSA was known as the JDSA and after the division of Jaintia Hills District it became the WJDSA and became an affiliate of the Meghalaya Football Association. , Meghalaya Basketball Association, Meghalaya Archery Association.
Shillong: The Khasi-Jaintia Farmers' Association (KJFA) has opened a branch in Mawkynrew Block by confirming its unit at Jongsha on the 27th of June,
We hope that the government will not misuse the Special Court,” said Bah Blah.
The Indigenous Tribal Leaders Forum (ITLF) has decided to bury the bodies of the Kuki-Zo members at Holai Khophi. Turbung was arrested in Churachanpur on Friday.
Speaking on the occasion, James Turner said that mankind has been using the energy of nature for millions of years.
The station will be operational in 2022 and will be known as the Tiangong station and Chinese astronomers will be on site for 40 years to study the nature of the you haw haw.
In our daily life, we need a lot of water.
Prestone Tynsong has been appointed as the new President of the NPP-Meghalaya in accordance with Article 7 (ii) of the National People's Constitution. Party (NPP).
The smuggling of timber is very common in Jaintia Hills especially in West Jaintia Hills from Sahsniang, Mookaiaw area of ​​Shangpung area.
On the other hand, the PWD Engineer, Bah R Sutnga, admitted that there is a delay in the construction of the project which started in
Such behavior is unacceptable in this society,” said Bah Hek.
The BJP has said that the NDA government has allocated T.630 crore for the construction of the road from Jowai to Retacherra, the recruitment of police in Delhi for 436 youths from the North East and other schemes to help those who poor color.
Jowai: Three MDCs of JHADC Jowai, including Lakhon Biam, Kriso Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh, have urged the CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat to convene a meeting of all the MDCs. before convening a coordination committee with MLAs from Jaintia Hills.
The incident occurred at 6.30 pm, the report said.
The Commission also informs that for this purpose, candidates are required to send to the Returning Officers their latest stamp size photographs, according to the guidelines laid down by the Commission.
The meeting was held at Orchid Inn, Thadlaskeiñ in the presence of Rtn.
Chyne said there have been many politicians who have helped Bangladeshis who entered the country illegally just to get votes.
If found guilty, they will be punished under the provisions of the Essential Commodities Act, 1995 and Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
There has been a protest by parents, students and the opposition, demanding punishment for the management of the Board, Globarena Technologies and the IT company, for their involvement in the incident. you can't have torti.
The media has spoken to several doctors on whether it is necessary to write in capital letters to avoid mistakes when writing the names of medicines. “KA LONG Dr AH Ahangar, Director of NEIGRIHMS, said that he agrees with the proposal of the government. central government.
These plants are very damaging to the environment because they are what we call monoculture or plants of only one species in this North Eastern state where we have to plant many species of plants. for this is the help of the environment.
“We have been able to shape and work as the hope of the people of the state without any goal for personal gain through the VPP and we have only one goal that is that the VPP will achieve their goals. “We hope that by 2028, Prah will be able to rule alone,” he said.
The Lympung ki Seng Nthei believes that the allowance of women to participate in the Dorbar Shnongs has been announced since
How much more so in modern man.
He said that the police force is ready to ensure that there will be no violence at Madan Student.
The President of the Congress in the state, Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that he is confident that the party candidate, S Osborne Kharjana, will win the election because of the people of Sohiong constituency. I'm going to Congress.
The ATM is owned by Sammi Arki Shylla.
They beat Nongdawah CC by 33 runs in the final on Saturday.
Ma Khroo said, “With our cooperation we can make the village a better place, so I invite you to take the garbage and separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage because the collection of garbage in Iawmusiang market will cause pollution. Therefore, to protect the environment and to avoid the disease, take responsibility until the government comes to solve this problem.
“The Government, which will include the Chief Minister or all the Ministers of the Government, will not interfere in the tender process but everyone wants any company to take over the tender. is the best" she said.
“In this regard, the DC has also promised to take action and do her best to talk to the PWD (Roads) department,” he said.
The most prominent candidates are the Chief Minister, who is also the National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma; The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP and the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Leader of the TMC, are the only ones who are contesting for re-election from South Tura constituency. contest from 2 constituencies; They are from Songsak and Tikrilla constituencies, as well as MP from Shillong Vincent H Pala who is the President of the Congress in Meghalaya.
Police sources said that the child left home at about 6 PM on Friday.
“We want an independent inquiry to conduct an investigation into the deaths of the two in the hands of the law.
He said that on the issue of returning the land from Assam to Meghalaya, it is part of the discussions that have been and are ongoing.
Shillong: U Banteidor Lyngdoh of the PDF has won the Mawkynrew Constituency by 413 votes. Rupa M Marak of AITC defeated James K Sangma of NPP by seven votes.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongpoh and the closing date for receipt of application forms is 6th June
“The political parties are now fighting each other, the VPP is blaming the NPP, while the NPP is blaming the VPP, the UDP and others.
Regarding the launch of the ambulance, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, expressed his special thanks to the state government, especially to Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister and Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. , for their obedience to deliver the ambulance to the PHC, which is also one of the PHCs, which is in dire need of a fully equipped ambulance vehicle. U Dasakhiatbha Lamare , urged the village leaders and the people of the area, to make proper use of the ambulance and also to feel that it is their own property and to help the people, so that the The vehicle will last and will provide a full service to the people of the area.
Once again, your strict compliance with the guidelines reduces the spread of the disease and also helps the doctors and nurses from the burden of work.
The sale and purchase of coal in Byrnihat and Beltola has declined sharply which has led to the loss of livelihood for the local traders.
After that, he visited some villages to see the implementation of development schemes in some villages in Ri Bhoi.
She said that a Public Litigation Interest (PIL) has been filed in the High Court of Meghalaya registered in PIL No. 3 of 2014, demanding the removal of the members or MDCs. The KHADC has been involved in the case and the case is still in the hands of the Court.
Chilliangraij scored the first goal of the match (6).
If the residents eat jasong shalom publicly or in the square, they should not throw away jasong leaves, plastic, bottles but should collect and dispose of them properly and throw them in the garbage dump.
The meeting was to discuss the inclusion of the Garo language in the list of 38 languages ​​to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Brightstarwell said the party has said that in the presence of the people there is nothing that cannot be done.
It is prohibited to have any buildings within 50 meters of the Muntdu River and they should be completely destroyed.
After negotiating and signing the demarcation in six areas, Meghalaya and Assam have now moved on to start talks on the remaining six areas between the since the independence of the state.
It is learned that the failure of the marriage was due to the fact that the woman was too quick to leave, while the husband was asking for another two years, because he wanted to complete his marriage. of education; However, the woman could not and lodged a complaint against him.
On the same day, the MAA organized a football tournament at SAI center Nehu with the participation of 100 athletes.
Police have registered a case under Section 366/368/376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation has been handed over to Sub-Inspector Salmay R. Marak.
We today who have seen the spread of this disease say: 'Protection is better than school,' which means that protection is better than going to school.
The body of the victim, who was found by the police, could not be identified as a Khasi or a foreigner, but from what the police found, it was that the victim was wearing a long pants. iong, dressed in blue and without clothes.
He said that according to the estimates, more than 40 percent of the residents of the state have registered to benefit from the MHIS. The MHIS accepts everyone to register except government employees. .
“The 19th interim report shows that the Superintendent of Police may not be able to control this crime,” the court said.
There have been 6,654 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases so far to 1,25,1 Government of India.
The date of the 2nd Division final will be announced later.
Therefore, we expect the BSF to take responsibility and hand over those involved in the incident to the police.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, today warned the coalition government led by the National People's Party (NPP) that if it does not respect the BJP, the party will be destroyed. Speaking to reporters, Mawrie said that to prove the allegation that the MDA government does not respect the BJP party, The JHADC party has three MDCs, the Executive Committee is led by the NPP and supported by the UDP, but the MDCs of the BJP party are in the opposition.
One in Tyrsad and one in Thynroit.
Explaining about the meeting, he said that during the meeting, the village leaders and elders expressed that these villages still need to get many development works and many problems faced by the villagers. However, one of the biggest problems faced by the residents in the area is the deterioration of the road from Umling to Umrit.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Meghalaya government is preparing special trains to evacuate the youth of the state who are stranded in Mumbai. , Pune and within the state of Goa.
Regarding the mosque, LD Lakiang and Embhahlang Khyriem, Rangbah Shnong of Tympang Club, said that India is a democratic country and therefore they cannot ban the worship of God, but the purchase of The land is illegal because the Dorbar Shnong does not have any information.
“The proposal of the district authorities to reduce traffic jam in the city by implementing odd and even numbers for all commercial taxis needs to be reconsidered by the district authorities on the grounds that this step will affect the traffic jam in the city. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the former MLA in a statement.
“If there is any complaint against the EC, it will take strong action,” said a statement issued by Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, who is in charge of the market. .
However, fortunately, the child survived with the help of another man who went to stand even in the midst of the waves until he reached her.
Jowai, Naiwieng 2: The students of Kiang Nangbah Government College under the banner of the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KSU) have decided to stage an indefinite strike from the 11th of this month.
He said that it is not only the residents, the market dwellers and the shopkeepers who are the losers.
Efforts have been made to provide services of schemes implemented by Government departments and also to provide information on the benefits of these schemes through NABARD, Krishi Vikash Kendra, Gas Company, National Fertilizer Company Limited and others. other group Government.
The Minister said India is now an essential voice in the energy sector and has become a leader in energy transformations.
“Many of the weapons hidden by the GNLA were seized in Williamnagar.
Similarly, from Mawhati, there are other candidates besides Bah Charles Margar and the party will send it to the authorities to take the necessary action.
I said once that I will stand for election and do what is right.
During these three days, ASSOCHAM will lecture on Ayurveda, Yoga, Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy.
Dkhar started farming Lakadong synrai by producing only 530 kilos in 2019-20, while in 20-2021 she has increased to 1500 kilos. to produce sying until shitrok.
On this occasion, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, personally visited the village to meet with the parents and families of the victims. This is a sad incident.
Many of them have expressed that they have been shocked and excited about this Tamsa but now, as soon as this Tamsa comes, these are the same people who have been cleaning up in front of their candidate.
Shillong, July 29: The counting of votes for the mid-term elections in Chokpot constituency will be held tomorrow.
“Ka seng will look into whether these children have received food and adequate shelter,” said Bah Thabah.
They also worked in the same field as they did for thousands of years.
“These health centers will be of benefit and will reduce the cost of living for the residents when they seek treatment when they are sick,” he said.
Four police patrols and a sub-inspector were shot dead in the incident, reports from Karachi said.
He said that it was found that the names of those who could not be interviewed were not released without public notice.
“This special fish market has 22 stalls, and the government has also installed boxes or refrigerators to store the fish so that it does not spoil,” he added.
Bah Warjri said that it is due to the lack of employment and lack of educational institutions that people from the rural areas have to move to the city.
Bah Rasor, who is currently the MLA and MDC of Mairang, said that although he does not know whether the people are able or not, his vision shows that the MLA lacks the ability to bring about development works. not related to the people.
Due to the continuous theft, the people have had to stay in the forests to protect their crops from the Bangladeshis who come to steal to commit crimes.
The search operation of vehicles and motorcycles carrying illegal drugs and those who violate the Motor Vehicle Act will continue and strict action will be taken against those who violate.
The Congress in Mawthadraishan Constituency is the first party to contest the 2023 MLA elections, where Bah Estansing Jana has traveled around the villages of Mawthadraishan Constituency to strengthen the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Marita Nongrum, 18, a disabled child, a student of Class X at St. John's School in Krang, has alleged that the Sordar of Kynroh Nonglyer he did not issue a certificate to her to apply for voter registration forms and to open a bank account for a scheme for the disabled.
Two others were injured, Chesterwell Myrboh, 30, and Leader Myrboh, 41, of Nongdawah.
However, any life has its own end and Bah Shylla passed away at an age when the nation was still waiting for him.
There are also those who don't have a lot of farmland, forest land and field land, but there is no village forest in the village.
He said that BPL holders are exempt from paying for their food and if they have any problems, they can bring their food from their homes.
“It's not that we eat the milk of others or it's that we differ in the kur or it may be that man is a creature who wants freedom,” said Bhalang.
UDP candidate Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in his speech, said that in all the three last elections, the people have given their support to him and this time too he is pleased that the support of the leaders has come. He said that the Congress party will continue to win the election and that the people will not reject him and will continue to elect him.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills District today ordered that liquor shops and stalls in the district will be open from 10 am to 8 pm from 6th July .
In the second half, Mizoram won 4-1 with Lalremruati scoring in the 65th minute and Lalrinmawi scoring another goal. in the 73rd minute of the second half.
It all depends on the actual nature of the job demand.
Regarding the use of stunt grenades by the police, Bah Donbok said that the use of stunt grenades by the police is unacceptable. The stunt grenade is used extensively in other countries only during the fight against insurgents.
He said that the HNLC has also identified those who guarded him and they too will be punished for protecting Dharmu.
Why did God send fire and rain on Sodom and Gomorrah? It is because of the sin of homosexuality.
When the BJP MLAs raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly to discuss the increase in the number of those who choose to follow the teachings of the Christian churches and also to discuss the destruction of the church in this country. the month that has passed.
"The four robbers who were shot dead by the crowd include I Love You Talang from Moorap, Lodestar Tang from Mootyrshiah, Shidorki Dkhar from Thangraiñ and Marsanki Tariang (prisoner) from Priang's house.
Nongpoh: A driver of a motorcycle (ML 05 B 5515) has been seriously injured in an accident on Umsning By-pass road this morning. The motorcycle was hit by a truck number 05 S
They were also led by one of the Rangbah who is also a member of the committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, November 3: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma has requested Rs 249.30 crore from the Ministry of Water Resources of the Government of India for the implementation of the Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Program (AIBP). for the year 20154-2
“This season should be extended for another year,” he said.
The meeting was attended by Bah M.Kharkrang (Retd IPS) who is also the State Executive Member and Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit.
Before presenting the song, the MLA said that he is happy to see the Khasi youth who have understood to set up their own business and stand on their own feet.
Meanwhile, the MCA has announced 15 players for the U-19 tournament, which will be led by Navin Kumar as captain and Bharat Gurung as vice-captain.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sanbor said that the people should take the example of these 151 residents of the Constituency who are willing to donate land for the implementation of various development projects in the Constituency. for the benefit of the people.
Ranee, 114 years old, will be buried on the 29th November 2014 at the Balang U Blei Kut Madan.
So far, 766 cases have been confirmed in the state, 446 cases in East Khasi Hills, 103 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills District, one case in South West Khasi Hills District and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills District. cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 189 cases in West Garo Hills District, 2 cases in South Garo Hills District, 8 cases in North Garo Hills District and 4 cases in South West Garo Hill District.
"Ward's Lake, covered with pink cherry blossom trees and beautiful pandals, has enchanted the environment.
He said that when these robbers go to the rivers, they carry jars and carry all kinds of medicines to keep in the rivers, so that the fish can get sick and get caught in the jars. they also carry gelatin to bomb.
Damascus has not yet commented on Israel's allegations.
Rajagopal said he had collaborated with a Nigerian who sent him abroad to smuggle drugs to India, a DRI source said. The accused has confessed to smuggling drugs into India from South Africa three times in the past and delivering the drugs to many Indians and foreigners living in India. many parts of the country, the source said.
He said that in the last five years, water supply projects in the constituency have totaled Rs 113 crore, roads Rs 200 crore and sports infrastructure Rs 50 crore among others.
He said that the elections have been held in Sohbar, Mawmluh, Umniuh Tmar and Mawbeh Himas. These elections will be held in November
Shillong, Nailar, 19: Before the two Regional Committees of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam visit the areas involved in the boundary dispute in the second phase of the boundary demarcation, the Boundary Committee of the Khasi Hills The Hills Autonomous Council (KHADC) on Thursday met with all the chiefs of these areas in the midst of the border dispute.
We don't want such supporters to go and insult the Father or Pastor,” said the VPP leader while speaking at an election campaign rally in Barato, West Jaintia Hills on Saturday.
Khliehriat, Naitung 20 : The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has strongly condemned the statement of the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who said that the people of Jaintia Hills have requested the government to implement a railway project in the hills. Jaintia, this statement has surprised the people of Jaintia Hills because there has never been such a desire of the people to build the railway line. The party also condemns the statement of Sniawbhalang Dhar who said that it is necessary to bring in people who are like langïong. externally, because the government will provide control measures.
In the past years, it has been seen that many of the people who have taken part in this political field are the people themselves, many of them have become public leaders or politicians only after they have won. the Election.
Therefore, they should maintain peace and order and also to help us, we will try to resolve the border dispute according to the consent of the people of Assam and Meghalaya,” said Himanta.
The Hony General Secretary of the WJDSA said that teams can register up to 25 players in the tournament and these will last until the end of the tournament.
All these things happened within 42 months or 1260 days and 30 days, Daniel 12:1
Among the leaders who joined the BJP were Dormonath Sangma, MDC from Naguapara GDC, Rodrigue Marak from Ampati, Pulin Hato from Mendipathar and others.
The NSCN has denied any involvement with the Kuki National Army (B) or the People's Defense Force, in which they have been accused of committing attacks.
Kumar Sanu, one of the most famous Bollywood singers in the past years and who has also sung in several romantic films, has spoken about the plight of singers like him. singing in films where all this is only because of the overconflict of the tyngshops with the jobs that the singers should or have to do.
On Friday, India was shocked on Tuesday after a video surfaced of the rape of two women in Manipur.
However, in a spirit of happiness and joy that he got the iPhone 14 Pro at such a high price, he ran home to charge his newly bought phone. .
The MTC office has been temporarily relocated to Mawïong.
However, Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that the Raid Mynsaw has already been abolished and conducted by the Hima Nongmynsaw and there is an acting Syiem recognized by the District Council.
With this victory, H Elias Secondary School will face ïewrynghep Sec.School in the final for the title, and the match will be played tomorrow at MFA Turf, Polo at 9 pm. morning.
Tirot Singh, a wise and loving king, did not decide alone on this matter.
In his speech, CEC Rajiv Kumar congratulated the CEOs of the states for completing the elections in times of great difficulty.
The MLAs who signed the statement include Marthon Sangma, Jim Sangma, Rupert Momin, Pongseng R. Marak, Sengchim N. Sangma, Arbinstone B. Marak, Kartush R. Marak, Jimmy D. Sangma, Sanjay A. Sangma, Ian Botham K. Sangma, Hek, RG Momin, Paul Lyngdoh, Mayralborn Syiem, S.S.
JOWAI: Former CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, who is the NPP candidate, has said that he will introduce laws to improve the customs and traditions of the people.
On receiving information about the sting by the doctors at the hospital, the CoRP leaders, led by Bah Pateng Marsing, went to meet the patient. The truth and those who found that the doctors who were in the hospital were very busy to treat him.
He said that besides these, police have also arrested three other robbers from Pynursla who were involved in the theft of motorcycles.
The ECC has also handed over a letter to the Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal to demand the liquidation of 14 factories and the DC has urged the residents of the Elaka to wait until the 22nd of this month.
During elections, a person who does not know the alphabet also acts as a leader to campaign, to explain this, that, and to offer money especially to those who are stupid.
In the past few months, the union together with the village leaders from the villages under the Mawhati Constituency, have issued a demand to the state government, to set up its own C&RD Block. In this constituency, but the government has not responded yet and it is on this basis, that the party has issued another demand from the government to implement the The incident occurred in Mawhati C&RD Block, said Bah Shanlang Diengdoh.
The confirmation ceremony was attended by MLA Coming One Ymbon, NPP Raliang Block President Ngaitlang Suchiang, Secretary H Iakai and others.
The mother of Bah Lam, said that her son went missing on the 14th of this month and when she searched for him, no one found him, but it was until late at night that no one found him. you, from the Umphrup field.
from voters.
Shillong: A body has been recovered from a coal mine at Krem Ule, Umpleng today.
Nongpoh: Umsning United Sports Academy, the only team from Meghalaya, has qualified for the 27th All India Bishnu Jyoti Memorial Football Tournament 2018, which was held at Sonitpur, Tezpur, Assam. Final, after beating Rising Athletics United Sports Clubs from Manipur.
Dken had already cleaned the gold from the servant's house to his own house and said to his wife, “Look now what our servant will do when he gets the gold. in the afternoon.
Shillong, Nailur 3: Five out of 14 persons arrested during the Sengbhalang curfew on Monday will be subjected to six-day police investigation.
In this regard, the government has stepped up patrols and swait in all places especially in the city to prevent the theft of money from ATM machines. The cameras have deterred thieves from taking advantage of the cities of Shillong and Tura and there has been a decrease in theft of machinery in these cities.
The approval of the Assembly as a whole without any hesitation has been a source of shame in front of the whole world.
However, later on, the state government fixed the date for the election on November 13, and this was approved by the court yesterday.
She said that there are about 500 youths who have joined the GNLA, but the facts are not yet known.
Ban also reminded that there are 232 foreign Daju who have received Labor License, most of whom are Khasi, and their new uniforms will be issued from 1st November
He explained that as I said, all the rules of the state government have been followed and for this reason the government of India has allowed this project to be implemented in the state.
Jowai, June 19: The EJNC has warned all male school children who drink beer and smoke cigarettes in uniform schools.
The residents have been warned to be vigilant as floods can occur after heavy rains especially in areas near rivers and streams.
Meghalaya has qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament held in Bengaluru due to the suspension of the IPSC.
"You can say one line too, that's enough," he added.
Those who opened the Saving Bank were 93 men, 120 women and 29 SHGs.
Tremi Phawa scored the third goal in the 41st minute.
“Khasi women marry other ethnic groups without any legal restrictions.
The Shillong Press Club has expressed its deep sorrow not only to the media outlets where he worked but to the society as a whole especially in the West Khasi Hills. who has been serving the people of the area for about 15 years.
Arlene Ïawphniaw came second and Gwyneth Mawthoh came third.
He said that when we breathe clean air we have a healthy body.
However, until today, the members of the Committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State, have not visited the area.
“We will think again on the way in which these buses should be operated by private individuals to ensure that they are repaired especially when they are lost or damaged properly,” he said.
On the Congress side, the UPA will get 146 seats, the Samajwadi Party 51, the Trinamool Congress 32 and Jagan Mohan Reddy's YSR Congress 23 seats.
Villages downstream of the Myntdu River including Kharkhana, Pasadwar and Borghat have been forced to live in turmoil after the Myntdu River flooded and the water reached the village.
Coal producers are allowed to sell 50% of their coal production in the market after meeting the needs of the factories.
She also warned that this may be a political struggle of someone.
Other scholars include Prof. MM Myrboh, Pro-VC of NEHU Shillong Campus, Prof. Eugene Thomas, Pro-VC of NEHU Tura Campus, Prof. RC Laloo who is one of the professors in the Department of Botany, NEHU and others.
Meanwhile, police have registered a case under the provisions of kidnapping, murder and rape at Nongpok Sekmai police station in Thoubal district against the suspects. video.
Mukul did not give a clear answer, but said that the change of government ministers is what he does all the time. “We don't do it,” said Mukul while talking to reporters and added that the matter will be looked into.
According to information received by this reporter, the fire has caused a huge loss to the owners of these houses, as all the belongings in the houses have been lost. They were completely destroyed and could not take a single weapon.
Nehemiah 2:13.
At 7.30 pm, the AN TF conducted a raid and seized drugs from Lumawrie.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, said that the rule of the indigenous chiefs in the country. The state is partyless and therefore it is necessary to open a non-party council or as there have been many discussions to abolish partisanship within the District Councils.
In his speech, Bah LT Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, congratulated the women who have taken responsibility for the fight against alcohol abuse. women have a major role to play in supporting those who have fallen and changing their lives.
Through CCTV footage of the Assam Auto Agency, it was seen that two persons came on a Pulsar bike and entered the cash room and demanded money from the employees of the petrol pumps. Employees of the Assam Auto Agency said that the robbers had stolen up to 2 lakh 80 thousand tyngka. The employees, who did not want to tell anyone, fled the scene in the motorcycle to the Fire Brigade.
“Where are you going? He came and told me that.
Kharmukhi said that the sordar has proposed to sell the Raid Tynring land without the knowledge of the dorbar and it is also a matter that the residents of Tynring strongly oppose, which has resulted in injuries. When MUDA came to inspect these lands on 8th March, 2012 to buy them, she reminded that the residents had lodged a complaint against the sordar. and the 9 who signed that the riots were their sole cause.
Shillong, March 2: The KSU South West Khasi Hill District Unit and Langkynma Area Unit have strongly condemned the Minister in charge of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar and the Executive Engineer of PDW (Roads) Ranikor Division. He said that these heads of PWD department have come to inspect the Nongjri-Borsora road and they have promised to send the contractors to start the cleaning work in November but The KSU said that the stingy behavior of the Minister of PWD (Roads) and the PWD (Roads) Ranikor Division and also the contractor, has caused The residents of Borsora-Nongjri area and also the vehicles passing through this road have been affected.
He added that these are the works of the opposition.
The stolen goods were seized from Umsyiem in East Khasi Hills, according to a statement issued by the troops on their twitter page.
And the lyrics of the song are as follows: “Jerusalem is my home (Jerusalem is my home)Ilondoloze (Take care of me)Take care of me (Walk with me)I will not leave you (Don't leave me)Jerusalem is my home (Jerusalem is my home) My country is not here (This is not my place) My kingdom is not here" (My Kingdom is not here) According to Samer Hussam Abu-Esheh, the young singer said that this is a unique song of the Palestinians and he feels that the composer and singer of this song are Palestinians.
The body of this Rangbah was found by his family in the middle of the forest at Pomlum, halfway from Kongthong to Khrang on 12th July 2014 at 1 pm.
Because to give reasons for mysteries is also unfounded, because the government itself has already announced to start works as it should be and the directives of the government during this time of Covid- 19.
“We are intelligent people, but we don't have the right paths and ways to guide us,” said Dukini.
Lyngdoh said that all the three CEMs including Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, have agreed according to the suggestion of the state government on the need to get the approval of the Governor before taking the “I am surprised that when I was accused of misleading by ordering the three CEMs of the Autonomous District Council to take the approval of the Governor.
During the celebration of Christmas, there was security on the roads and it is suspected that these criminals had the opportunity to walk along with these celebrants of the Christmas season, pretending to be from the the group is not celebrated.
I consider politics as politics and friendship as friendship and personal relationship is something else.
Does the people still want to have KHNAM in the state? The following are the names of the political parties that have built the road in 2018 and expect to continue to do well in 2023, However, besides these, there are other new political parties that have emerged to contest the 2023 election.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has continued to investigate Kolkata Police Commissioner Rajeev Kumar for the second day in connection with the collection of money by a Saradha company. that he has destroyed the necessary investigation documents in the illegal collection of money by the company.
He also congratulated Santa Marry Shylla, NPP candidate for 5-Sutnga-Saipung Constituency.
“This has violated the trust of Assam,” said the MLA. He said it is time for the state to have a Meghalaya Regiment which will be a way for the youth to protect the border.
Northeast United FC (NEUFC) beat Odisha FC 3-1 on Sunday to move up to third place in the Indian Super League (ISL) at the Tilak Maidan Stadium in Vasco.
Before delivering his speech, Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the party, swore in the new office bearers of the district.
Shillong, Nailar 31: U John Hashah, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle, has been released on bail from Shillong District Jail.
Shillong: U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today said that the Social Welfare Department has canceled the letter of the Department, issued in 2020, which allowed the You can also get a Schedule Tribe syrnod if you don't have a Schedule Tribe.
“While the BJP leaders have not sent messages or articles, there will always be people who speak, there will be many leaders who will speak including people who are not part of the Government,” he said. “All these things are always there but I don't think I need to comment on the statements of these individuals".
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Rani said that the examination fee received from these applicants is 57,88,367 tyngka.
The order has banned them from entering the containment and those living in the containment are not allowed to leave the containment and have been ordered to stay at home.
Here are some suggestions why students need to read newspapers.
Player of the Match was awarded to Poilangson Thawmuit.
“We demand that the government should punish those responsible for the shooting,” he said.
Shillong, Lber :The New Testament Restoration Church (NRC) has invited all Christians and non-Christians to attend the 37th Annual General Convention of the Church. from 9th to 12th October 2023 at Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills.
Apple juice is a source of health benefits in many ways.
His passing is a great loss to the State.
The payment through the MHIS is according to the type of disease,” said Bah Wahlang, adding that only those who sleep in the general ward will benefit from the MHIS. but the patients will have to pay for their own food and other necessities.
Karnataka Chief Minister R Ashoka said the government has directed the police to search for the missing persons. The rapid increase in the number of cases of corona virus in these days is due to these people, who walk around the villages, even though they have the disease themselves.
This is the most important task before implementing any Reservation Roster System which should be implemented from the date of approval, that is, without having to going back 50 years.
On the other hand, the residents want the government to repair this road especially from Nongstoin to Rambrai.
The American, who shot a doctor at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, has tested positive for the virus.
Wanlambok Buam (16) scored the first goal for MeECL in the first half.
To live is to eat and to eat is to cultivate and produce food.
Ladthadlaboh SC has reached the final of the Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Furthermore, Bah Dasakhiatbha urged the filmmakers and actors not to give up despite the criticism.
"We urge all the citizens of the country to come forward and lend a helping hand to the flood victims by donating in whatever way they can," he said. more.
According to information received, the incident occurred at about 12:00 pm and the fire started from the east.
The original tender was announced on 14th November, 2009 and the tender for the remaining works in November 2020 while for the remaining works the tender was issued on 28th March, .
Only their MCs can take action against them.
The DMHO has announced to all parents to bring their children under 5 years of age for polio vaccination at the designated places in their villages.
The Minister said the company will spend T.185 crore on the project and it will be completed within 12 months.
The source said that according to the confession of the girl, her father had committed the crime twice including on the 28th and also on the 28th. on the 26th of this month.
However, two days after the residents found the head of a man who was suspected to have been killed by robbers near the Umïam Pond, on Tuesday, they found the head of a man who had fallen into the water. a headless body buried along the river.
“This behavior of the members of the Delhi Golf Club, makes the Seng Khasi Kmie unable to remain silent, but to strongly condemn this incident and at the same time to lodge a complaint with the Prime Minister. Rgh.Banteilang Singh Rumnong, President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, said that such incidents should not happen again.
There were also 21 secretaries including Bah Samlin Malngiang, Kupar Blah, Mebanri Laloo, Dr David A.Kharchandy, Ransom Sutnga, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong, Teibor Pathaw, MDC (in-charge Media Cell), Auspicious L.Mawphlang. Subir R. Marak, MLA, Charming N. Sangma, Aloysius Marak, Nidhuram Hajong, Limison D Sangma MLA, Rakesh A Sangma, MDC and Crozier G Momin, MDC. Bah Daniel Thangkhiew was also elected as the party's finance manager.
There were more than 18 lakh e-challans used in 2019, with a fine of T.59.7 crore.
BSB will perform her hit songs 'I Want It That Way', 'Everybody (Backstreet's Back'), 'As Long As You Love Me', 'DNA' 't Go Brea king My Heart', 'Chances' and others.
“The Ministry's objective is to focus more on the urban areas where there are poor households.
During these two days, the union has conducted surprise raids, including shops, restaurants, guest houses and also newly constructed houses in Upper Shillong from 6 Mer onwards. that of Mylliem.
Shillong, June 1: U Bah Pyniaid S Syiem, MDC Sohryngkhar, has vowed to rally the people to hold strong protests if the government tries to buy the land under the Raid Tynring.
In the 30-member House, the ruling party has 19 members except the chairman while the opposition has 10 members.
When asked, the Minister acknowledged that only the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is the only way to curb the illegal entry of mynder and said that it is for this reason that the Resolution was passed in “If we get the ILP, it would be better, but if we don't get it, how can we proceed?
Under the leadership of Bah Staising Kharbteng, the person who took the initiative to do this, many members of this group expressed their gratitude to all those from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia who have taken part in this event. On receiving information about this incident, the Khasi Students Union Tyrsad Circle has joined hands and urged everyone to come forward and lend a hand to help as much as they can.
The team managed to reach 181 runs before all 10 wickets were lost in 19.5 overs.
Although we cannot know what will happen in the future, it is necessary to try something good and we do not have to rely on the power of the Creator.
“Lin, if you don't have a job, I'll go to the market for a while.
However, many of the residents who suffered from this price hike did not forgive their rulers and gave a warning that the BJP still remembers.
Shillong, March 14: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that although he has not received a letter of suspension from the Congress party, he does not feel anything about it. but they cannot remove his MLA/MDC status.
Shillong: The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Pari Shad (ABVP) Meghalaya has immediately denied the allegation by Ester son Sohtun that ABVP members were involved in the riots during the Holi celebrations at the university. Speaking to reporters, the State Secretary of ABVP Meghalaya, Tengku M Marak, said that the action of the Vice President of NEHUSU is wrong, as he too is involved in the incident. The place and everyone could join in the Holi celebration, but in the middle of the celebration, he came with his followers to shake hands with another student.
Government land allocated to private individuals, government departments and various groups is 37,372.9468 hectares and the total government land is 38,181.9468 hectares.
At this time, thieves and robbers also appeared.
On the day that the khon rympha began to work, he prayed to God, “O God, have mercy on me, my son.
“If they don't listen, we will cut down the trees,” he said.
It is only because he holds a party or celebrates at his residence that he has faced a motion of no confidence in the United Kingdom Parliament.
Not filling the vacancies is exactly the same as violating the rights of job seekers.
The reason is because the owner of the house (NPP) who has been living in the house for five years has supported this bill.
Police have not yet released the name of the driver of the vehicle, but said they will hold a special meeting with the media to discuss the case. this is the case.
Sharaisuk Marpna (not out) tied for 26 runs.
However, the Chief Minister told the media after the meeting that the termination of the contract does not mean to completely end the electricity generation through these rivers, but on the part of the The government will look for other ways and means to generate electricity, either through these same companies or others.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Martha said that she has registered with MHIS, which is a government scheme through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in order to receive assistance in the country. sick, especially if they come from a poor family.
This decision was taken at a meeting between the members of the CPC and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills RM Kurbah.
On the other hand, Dr. I. Gatphoh urged all the parents who have children born with disabilities to come to the office of the District Early Intervention Center (DEIC) at Panaliar, Jowai. to inform them how to treat their children.
There are better and more effective ways to explain to children the difference between good and evil.
Trump also accused Biden of destroying the United States since he became US leader in recent years.
Furthermore, Bah Roykupar said that foreigners will laugh and like that as a nation of only 100,000 to 400,000 people, we are against blaming each other.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah H.Thabah said that the entry into the army or police is the most important part for the youth to work hard to train themselves in the field of physical education and also to prepare for the kot bha The presence and absence of money is wrong but to get a job is not by money but only by the hard work of the youth.
On this occasion, financial assistance was distributed to 84 groups who participated in the event and the donation amounted to Rs.2.03 crore which was donated by banks operating in the area.
Ma Pala sought clarification on the demand for money by the council employees and alleged that this demand for money is not only happening in Umkiang village but all over the country and demanded that the council employees who violate the rules of procedure should be punished.
The Kur sends its condolences to the family and children of this young man of the Kur who lost his life at the hands of robbers suspected to be 'Khar Bangladeshis' They are the thieves and looters of the Khasi Pnars' fields and other illegal activities.
This increase in revenue collection is due to the implementation of measures taken by the Taxation Department to prevent revenue evasion and is also due to the hard work of the officers. The department has decided to increase the salaries of taxpayers, who have streamlined the collection of taxes from bonded warehouses and petrol stations.
He said that the strike has not ended, but has been temporarily suspended.
This multi-cuisine eatery has to offer patrons a wide variety of dishes in front of them, and these range from local to international dishes.
“I'm afraid that women don't listen like us Rangbah,” said the father. “They say that and it's true, but there are one or two longkmie who are jar jar,” said the mother. “Well, I believe you will be like that,” said the father with a smile. “You mother, I have a lot of sympathy for Peter.
There are 202 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 13 in West Khasi Hills, 10 in West Jaintia Hills, 13 in Ri Bhoi, 18 in West Garo Hills, 4 in East Garo Hills and
God says – “I will turn their glory into shame” Hosea 4:7
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang, after receiving permission from the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, to open shops, has selected only 5 retail shops. which will open in the village tomorrow (25.05.2021).
The Rotary Club Jowai in Jaintia Hills has celebrated its 26th anniversary this year. As usual, on the 9th March 2021, a special meeting was held at Newhill Loomsoiung Community Hall to renew the office bearers of the party for the term of office 2021-2
Yes, the Bible is constantly reminding us about joy.
“This shows that our Government has been shaken by the BJP because it is against the Yatra,” said Rahul Gandhi.
Jowai, June 24: The Dorbar Shnong Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills District, as usual every year before going to the fields to harvest the seeds of phiang, this year too will hold a Shad Sukra at the Khliehtyrshi District. 27th June at 01:00 pm at Yung Club Ground, Khliehtyrshi.
