The SSYWO is a group of 150 members and they have been able to organize this tournament free of charge from the participating schools through the donation of money from their members.
STROKE : Symptoms of stroke and some tips to reduce the risk of stroke.
Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu FC played well from the start with Yobiang Bamon scoring the first goal in the 45th minute and the second goal for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu. Pynchngaiñ Phawa in the 49th minute to score three points.
In the second innings, SCA-A struggled to bat and were bowled out one after another for 61 runs in 23.1 overs.
Pynshai Mawrie also thanked those who donated such as Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA, Fantin Lakadong, MDC, Michal Wankhar, MDC, Laban. KSU Laban circle also blessed the children before they leave the state.
Nine of them are from Charaideo and one from Sivasagar.
However, it is the women who go to the river to wash their clothes.
The two-day tournament was inaugurated by Bah Damang Synkon, District Sports Officer (DSO), Government officials, teachers and school children.
This has led them to focus on opening and setting up health centers only in urban areas for profit.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Kyrmen Shylla who was the chief guest and handed over the trophies in the presence of Agpal Singh Dhanoa IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills as the chief guest.
The CEM said that the council after examining the documents and the documents of the villages and elaka issue the NOC. 5 percent of their income besides the renewal fee of the NOC,” said the CEM. At present, Jaintia Hills is covered with Coke Factories and the number of Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills has reached .
“This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled” Matthew 24:3
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Leader of the BJP from 19-South Shillong Constituency together with the office bearers of the constituency, met with the State President of the BJP, Rikman Momin on Tuesday as part of the meeting. Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait to contest the Lok Sabha MP seat from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Leaders of NEHUSU today met with the Vice-Chancellor to demand that he should strengthen security in the residences of the hostel students of NEHU to prevent any incident. -hurray.
Abraham came before God and asked God Himself, “Will you destroy the righteous with the wicked?”
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District has issued a ban under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting attempts to clean vehicles or use streams or ponds and to dump garbage among others in water bodies and all branch of the Umiew River.
Besides, the complaint was lodged at the Sadar Police Station a few days before the DGP retired on 19th June.
It was immediately found that heavy vehicles especially 12 wheeler trucks were damaged when they reached these speed breakers.
Shillong, June 26: A father has been shot dead by the residents of his village after he was accused of attempting to rape his 13-year-old daughter.
We also gave a power point presentation as requested by the MP,” said the Principal of St Edmund's College.
He said that there are those who want to ignore the demand for the implementation of the ILP, MRSSA but as the leader of the party he always informs the members of the party that if those in power cannot protect the people, The members of the organization shall be the protectors of their brothers and sisters.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) Engineer P War said that the incident occurred at Don Bosco road due to the failure of the Shillong Municipal Board. they are not underground.
This shows that the alphabets have the power to fight the darkness as it is often said: “Only 23 alphabets are enough to fight the Enemies".
However, what we see in today's age is more severe and intense.
Explaining this part, Pastor Sohkhlet said that Heaven is a Holy City where only the saints can live in it, it is a City where Jesus Christ is the King and the Angels as guards with strong walls and a gate in it.
She has spent a lot of time to advocate with the government but many of them have been turned away from her. However, she has not rested even in the midst of the suffering she has suffered. and he said to finish it after he was strong.
The team in charge of Mawkynrew C&RD Block will be led by Agnes Kharshiing (CSWO) and there will be separate teams in each C&RD Block to visit the villages.
The Minister also announced T.10 lakh from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund for the Bee Village.
The General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kur, Aristotle Lyngdoh Mawphlang said that the Clan Bill is necessary to empower the Rangbah Kur to issue a Syrnot Kur recognized by law and to strengthen the community. Because as it is now, anyone can give syrnot and this is dangerous because it will open the way for others who are not from the community.
He said that the youth who have completed their education should not end up alone but should share with others.
When asked about the salary paid to the actors, Hilarius said it depends on the agreement between the actors and the producers. days and there are others who end up taking the whole after the release of the film.
Nabin Rana scored the first goal for Guwahati in the 71st minute after he had a chance to score from inside the box.
Even when asked by the parents, the children answered “wan party”.
Those who are interested can also contact Prabhat Dandotiya, Expenditure Observer IRS 2009 at +91-9
The High Court's directive to the State Government to implement the Roster System in the Bhah Thungkam will benefit many applicants especially those with disabilities.
“In connection with this illegal activities, the police have conducted a search operation and arrested some of those involved in these illegal activities.
Therefore, it is appropriate and right to review the Reservation Policy in Meghalaya to bring about a fair and just trial.
In Madhya Pradesh, the BJP has won 163 out of 230 constituencies while the Congress has won 163 seats. tam in 66 pieces.
Speaking on the occasion of the Independence Day celebrations at the Chhatrasal Stadium in New Delhi, Kejriwal expressed his regret over the developments in Manipur, where the protests have lasted for many years. month.
“Ia Mei...” said the Son.
In fact, the Congress has not yet taken any decision on who will contest from Tura this time but there has been a discussion among the leaders on the name of Dr Mukul Sangma.
According to the family members, they sent for a medical test of the child on 31st October and it was found that she was pregnant for two months.
She said that many women are imprisoned in their lives and therefore, she advised young women to walk in their own path, which they feel comfortable with. , he explains, on their journey, they should turn away from youthful relationships.
We as Khasi children, 'if' we try to understand our way of life, society, customs, culture, religion, beliefs and other outward ways of Our human nature, all of these have a close relationship with the Mother Earth.
And last of all the woman died also.
The group congratulates Aibelda Nongrum and Iasiad Mylliem Umlong.
Shillong: Those who watch videos on youtube these days, often hear the saying “If you like my channel please tell your friends but if you don't like please tell me so that I can make it the best (If you like this channel please tell your friends, if you don't like it, please tell me, I'll make it the best)" and these are the videos produced by Bah Storyteller Lyndon .
“In 2014, I asked Bah Pala when I was in Congress, whether the vote from Sohiong is too small, because not a single scheme has received two votes.
“We have already tried this in Ribhoi district and the same will be started across the state.
On the other hand, the delay in the construction of Hydel projects in the State has been affected by the increasing power outages.
India have been placed in Pool B along with New Zealand, Italy and the United States.
However, if this is the case now, it shows that the MDA government of Meghalaya has to comply with the demands of Assam,” said Bah Hindro Samakha, chairman of Raidmynsaw.
“It is a terrible corruption and those who destroy the share of the poor and the development of the West Khasi Hills will get their reward,” said the union leaders.
NPP MLA James K Sangma on Tuesday alleged that Nurul has a relationship with the mother of Mukul Sangma and for that reason, he has delayed the arrest of the SI who is allegedly involved in the rape. rape of two brothers as recently revealed.
It is here that the youth of the community begin to question the Roster System, and also begin to lose confidence in the Government's intention to implement the Roster System without consultation with those affected.
Nongstoin, Nailar 8: Eight teams of the 3rd MLP were returning from Rongjeng at 10 am this morning when they were returning to their workplace. When they reached Nongchram village in the Shallang area, there was a sudden attack by wild groups.
Pynursla, March 26: The children of the founder of the coalition government and MLA Skhim, Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh together with the BB Lyngdoh Memorial Committee today held a memorial service. The 13th death anniversary of Pynursla, the constituency where he was elected to the Legislative Assembly.
When asked whether the government intends to implement the work permit, the Prime Minister said, “It is only a discussion and suggestion to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. good or bad but it needs to be discussed with the government, with the social groups to get the right idea”.
At the meeting, the women's union said that the dhaba may be a dhaba, because it is not safe to eat and drink like other dhabas and they have turned it into a dhaba. do anti-social dirty work.
United SC are top of the group with 14 points while Shillong Lajong are second with 13 points.
This claim is wrong, and therefore, the petition of the CMJ Foundation has not been accepted by the Court,” said Bah Diengdoh.
In this regard, the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Bless Dkhar said that not only is the garbage dump dirty, but it has also become the home of the drug addict.
However, the Protocol has not been implemented by the Government.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah Livingstone Mawlong and eight others from Mawiong Rim, Shillong have lodged a complaint with Mawlai Police Station that a man named Albert Diengdoh has stolen T.43,000 tyngka.
Jahan, along with her husband, went to the Durga Puja festival last Sunday, dressed in a saree and sindur.
The Senior Dairy Officer, West Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday celebrated the National Milk Day at the Jowai Dairy Plant in Mooralong, Jowai in the presence of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS as the chief guest.
The tournament was also inaugurated by the President of the Shillong Cricket Association, Bah Gedion Kharkongngor. Rayonald Kharkamni and other members of the Shillong District Cricket Association and Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association.
Rida's wife didn't know what was inside Panah.
Shillong, July 4: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has launched its calendar by Bah LG Nongsiej Chairman of the Council. your work.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lambor said that this decision to support the EC led by Bah Pyniaid is due to the good implementation of the work of the District Council which is for the benefit of the people of the State. .
During the inspection, the leaders of FKJGP Umling Circle found that the AEC Building was filled with garbage. The building was covered with jyrmi, while inside the building was found to be attached to the toilet.
The sale or use of explosives with a noise level exceeding 125 dB (Al) or 145 dB (C) pk within 4 meters of the burning area is prohibited. where hard.
Aryan was named player of the match.
In Assam, they are mostly grown in the Surma Valley and in the War areas of Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong: The second round of border talks between Meghalaya-Assam, to end the dispute in the remaining seven areas, has intensified and may become more urgent after the incident on the 22nd. Naiwieng is located in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 10 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided not to allow the Central Government through the Atomic Minerals Directorate (AMD) to conduct thorough research or mine uranium from anywhere. areas within the boundary of the Council and also in the State.
After opening the meeting, Mukul said what is needed this year is to ensure that the government will accelerate the implementation of any program and to ensure that the implementation will be you are clean and you are clean.
“What does it mean that the government cannot grant ILP when all the political parties in Meghalaya want ILP? “I don't know much about the ILP, but I understand that it is a law not to be allowed to be Dkhars. it is seen as good for the people".
He encouraged that one day he could become a great businessman, so all he needed was to work hard and have a childlike spirit.
Speaking at a meeting in Tura, Conrad said, “Remember that your vote is for three years, therefore the most important thing is that before you vote think carefully about whom you vote for. and the judgment shall be for three years.
Khliehriat, Lber, 24: The East Jaintia Hills District Electricians Association (EAEA) has formed a group of electricians in East Jaintia Hills District. All the workers from East Jaintia Hills District who earn their living by working in electrical works.
At present, the spread of this disease is because many people are reluctant to tell people, there is a misunderstanding here that this disease is a serious disease.
Speaking to reporters after their return from the venue, Jiedstarland Lyngkhoi said that the party did not think that the Prime Minister was talking nonsense but if they knew that he was talking nonsense, they would not spend it. time to visit this office.
It's not like that! We now live in India and the Constitution is the foundation and governance of the judiciary according to the new philosophy of an independent country and democracy.
Vanua is the child's mother and is a nurturing and nurturing mother.
The opening ceremony was enriched by a song and dance in the presence of the family members of the factory owners, friends and guests.
Conrad said the State Government is preparing the detailed plans to provide financial assistance to the youth organizations to do their jobs.
“The Secretary, Education, has promised to take care of this matter and to seek clarification from the college principals on the selection process,” he said.
Ram Charan Hajong, one of the elders of the village, said that the village has lagged behind in all aspects.
In my name shall they cast out devils.
The HYC urges the management of various offices, companies and banks to declare a public holiday on the 7th of this month in the district as announced by the Government and not to force the members of the Seng.
However, in just 35 overs, they scored 207 runs for the loss of nine wickets.
Meghalaya has reported 512 deaths from COVID-19 with 10 deaths on Tuesday.
“KHNAM said that according to the writings and research of a well-known writer of Assam, Dr. SK Bhuyan, “he explained that the Karbi racially, belong to the Mongoloid and linguistically, they belong to the Tibeto-Burman group.
The FKJGP has visited the school on the 26th of this month following a complaint from the students and parents, after some of the children have become ill. drinking wastewater and milk color which the school provides to the children to clean and drink and also complaints about the spoiled food and drink that the children receive from the school. shlem school of government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through this statement once again wants to inform the indigenous people of Bri U Hynniewtrep about the threat of falling through the National Register of Citizens (NRC) of Assam.
However, Panaliar Village has allocated T.28 lakh to spend all the money from the installation of sound systems and others.
In the last match, Lajong lost 1-2 goals.
In fact, he said that the people and various political parties have been supporting this project since
This disease is most common in June and July when the sohniamtra is as big as a marble but it is more difficult to see because it is bright.
In the 50m breast-stroke, Sumarbiang Mawlong, Evenjoplin Langte and Wandarihun Khyllemkharai were the winners.
You must be careful to avoid anything bad.
Other speakers included Hemen Kalita, Vice President and Jasbir Singh Secretary, Rotary Club Shillong Heritage. the whole society.
Before doing this, it is necessary to hold a meeting between the two ADCs, said Bah Pynshngain.
On the 11th the session will start at 9:30 AM and in this session there will be a talk by Sister Linda Dkhar on the theme “Jesus Ever Young” and at 1.00 pm there will be a walk. Rally in Umkiang village with the slogan “Save the Earth Save Life” and a speech on this topic by Father George Shinning Lyngkhoi followed by a Singing Competition among the youth of 18 Parishes. of the Diocese of Jowai.
He had a little more time to learn the Khasi language before he preached, therefore, we assume that the first Khasi to convert to Christianity were in the years 1841-4
The Al Qaeda chief was shot dead by a US drone with powerful missiles.
It is learned that the village has been involved in smuggling and other illegal activities.
Two drivers of a 12 wheeler truck (AP16TS9689) carrying fish were killed when the truck overturned at Mawblei, near Hyundai Showroom while the driver escaped.
The JSU has demanded that the AE of MePDCL should explain to the public through his employees or those in charge of the Syndai sub station how the electricity bill has been calculated without burning the electricity. to calculate the electricity bill accurately and reach every month to each village as in other places.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, AJMDWU Spokesperson Khroo L Pariat said that they have conveyed this demand to the government since 2019 and have written seven times to the Chief Minister and the AJMDWU. The officers have not received any clear answer yet because the reason given by them is that their demand is still pending with the Finance Department.
For the people, the return of money to the central government after requesting for its use, is a shameful task because when requested to use, but do not know how to implement and it is just a request. want money without understanding without knowing how to use it.
After completion of the repairs, the life of the Damsite is expected to extend for another 40 to 50 years.
Shillong: Twenty-five residents of Malchapara village in West Khasi Hills District have come to stay for two nights and two days at the office of the Sordar of Nonglang Hima. Immediately.
He said that there should also be a close relationship between teachers, parents and students to strengthen education.
The committee also discussed the issue of teachers' lack of training and follow-up, and said that it is necessary to offer courses, such as MDCs and SECs which will not affect too much the teachers. the number of people.
The recognition of the Leader of the Opposition in the 1st Legislative Assembly will be further delayed as the matter is still pending and the Lamphang will have to seek information from the Legislative Assemblies of other States including also from the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha as no Opposition party has enough MLAs to win this position.
Surprisingly, according to the letter sent by the Administrative Officer of JHADC to the Dolloi of Jowai District, the Dolloi of Jowai District has ordered the Dolloi of Jowai District to postpone the election until the executive committee directs. Some of the residents of the village have complained that the election of the Waheh Shnong should not be held in a hurry as there are still many problems.
Pyngrope said that Malchapara and Salbari villages have been transferred to Assam since 2011 to resolve the disputed areas in the two states.
We must be clear here that we will take decisions to warn these regional parties who have joined hands to form the Government that we must not give them victory because they have not shown their voice. If we don't do this, these regional parties will continue to do the same to destroy us in the future.
Parents, relatives of the youth, especially school children, should take good care of their children, the youth.
“The hearing by the Tribunal is ongoing and it appears that they may even be dismissed,” said Bah Tynsong.
However, it is a major source of electricity for factories and residents of Meghalaya.
He said that the students of these days are fortunate because of the knowledge they can get now unlike in the past when there was a lack of knowledge, so he urged them to make the most of this age of knowledge. that now on a good track.
Not only is the second son guilty, but the first son is also guilty of sin.
This place, which is also one of the tourist attractions in the state, has been funded by Swadesh Darshan from the Tourism Department of the Government of India.
If the new draft EIA 2020 becomes law, the end will come.
So these foreigners came to take medicines from him and took them to their village to treat their families.
The HNLC in a statement said that for the sake of order in the state, the people should get adequate information, and only the newspapers should provide information to the people.
The bad thing is that these trucks are all over India.
“If it had happened in the morning, there would have been many dead and how would it have happened if the house had collapsed during the meeting of the leaders inside the house,” he said. .
Shillong: Thirty-one persons have been arrested on charges of causing riots between supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the National People's Party (NPP) on the night of the 7th of this month. Charbatapara village is located in Phulbari constituency.
According to the residents of the area, the reason why the Mahindra Bolero overturned was because the road was too bad, as the area is flat and not accessible. cars will change.
In the third division, Rising Mukhla beat Saindur Mihmyntdu 7-1
Speaking on the theme, Dr. Umdor said that the first theme is for the government to provide accounts and clear information to the people on how it spends public money every year.
Speaking to reporters, the children of the Longkmie, said that what happened on the day of their mother's death, showed that the Umran dairy village, tried to avoid them, because When other people die, the village has announced, but when there is a death within the family, the village authorities have not announced the village, for the purpose of informing the public.
Besides Deborah, there are seven female candidates including Rona Khymdeit, former MDC from Nongpoh, Venetia Pearl Mawlong (South Shillong), Bethleen Dkhar (West Shillong), Dr. Banidashisha Kharkongngor (Nongthymmai), Lakyntiew Sohkhlet (Sohra), Pynhunlang Nongrum (Mawkynrew), Victorealness Syiemlieh (Ranikor) and Uttora G Sangma (Ampati).
You’ve seen development works, uplift works.
Speaking to media, Shangpliang said that the PDW department under the supervision of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong has done a good job in many of the villages which have never received road this time has been delivered road.
If they cannot meet the requirements of the Government employees, the Government should allow them (teachers) to contest elections because the teachers are the ones who teach, who think about these things from the part of the state and the country.
While u GH Bareh in his speech said that compared to the status of women in the state, they are very fortunate in many ways who have received a special status, at the same time he urged them to women who respect the heads of the household according to custom.
Explaining the government's investigation into these people who have cheated on their residence and phone numbers, he said that this is after the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent messages to people who have returned to the country. The state through whattapp and found that the phone number you gave was not valid.
Chelani said the Assistant Commissioner will investigate into the matter.
The Durga Puja will end tomorrow (24/10/23) at Nartiang with the breaking of the Dur Blei Durga in the Myntang River near the Durga Temple, the oldest temple believed to have been built. and to the King of Jaintiapur.
The court issued the order after a PIL was filed by the lawyer Bah JM Thangkhiew.
The UDP through its President, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh awarded them with a jaiñ tapmoh, a souvenir and a gift of 5,000 tyngka.
It is also true that the Border Security Force through various Border Out Posts from time to time distribute food items, medicines and supplies to the people in the border areas. which are used in the home.
Now the people of the European Union have turned their backs on Poland because it is the only country that has not accepted a single immigrant from these Muslim countries.
It was in the fourth election that Sing Mulieh won as MLA against Roytre in 1998 and the second election in
For people who are still mentally ill and lack intellectual ability, social media becomes a game and does not entertain them.
The comparison and reminder of what happened in 1979 and this incident, because just for the sake of the game, it seems to be trying to stir up what the police should look into. IPC 505(1)c because according to the writings of Patricia Mukhim, she should fall under this section.
Shillong: There have been 375 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Oh, the experience of sin and suffering cannot be explained by anyone.
He alleged that the Bill was passed in a hurry without any inspection of the villages in different areas and areas.
Dr Sangma said that he was treated but at 8:20 pm he was pronounced dead.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his gratitude to the school for his victory in the last elections. The MLA promised to provide better services and work hard for the benefit of the people of the area.
To resolve this, Bah Wahlang said that this work will take time and it is impossible to set a time limit for the completion of the cleaning of these two rivers but it has taken hundreds of hours. which are required by working with other stakeholders to make this work a success.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said that the government, which has the right to do so, has turned a deaf ear to the court. “In fact, it is the duty of the government to fight for the welfare of the people but it is sad to see that the people of the state have to complain. “I have filed a case against the government for not signing the border with Assam,” he said.
On the part of the Association and the Principal of Shillong College, they congratulated him for bringing the greatest victory to NEHU, the college where he studied and also to the ( MAKO) which has turned 25 this year in its career and has produced many of the most beautiful men and women not only in the state but in the whole of India. way.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) on its inspection of the road in War area has found that the road is in poor condition which has caused problems to the vehicles carrying passengers and also caused danger to the people coming and going on this road. .
Nongpoh: Several Khasi elders from Ummat-2 Village, Block-2, Ri Bhoi District, have been accused of killing and slaughtering a cow of another man. a Nepali, from Mawsholding, a village in the same area.
Speaking on the power of money in this election, Pastor Basiawmoit said that if all the candidates contest in a clean manner without spending money, it will prove the will of the people whom they will elect. man.
The baby grows like a line segment that you draw.
At the same time, he urged the athletes to work hard even if they have that talent but without perseverance and hard work one cannot reach the top of the goal.
Shillong, Lber, 29: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong of Mawlai Syllaikariah and many of the residents of Mawlai Constituency have decided to boycott the Lok Sabha elections. which will be held on June 19,
The Election Commission of Nepal (ECN) on Tuesday revoked the recognition of the National People's Party (NPP) for failing to submit its results in the last elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to build a gate or bridge on several roads leading to Iewduh, which is under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
“We have also informed that the Association since 2006 has demanded the D.A for the welfare of the Adhoc Secondary School teachers.
There will also be various programmes, which will be held throughout the year. The programs will also include a king boat race on the 4th and 5th of June, a soh exhibition. manir in July and the closing ceremony in November, 2015, these are the main programmes.
“In Meghalaya, we don't elect a prime ministerial candidate.
The Mawphor source said that when these masked men entered the hospital, they shouted “Ha ri lajong kate mon” and threw stones at the policeman and assaulted the female policemen until they entered the hospital. they are not injured.
He said that after many decades, the population has increased and the number of villages has increased until now there are 61 villages under the joint property. only by that two Kings.
On the part of the President of HNYM, West Khasi Hills District, Samla Tailanstar Lyngkhoi, expressed his deep sorrow and sorrow to see with his own eyes the plight of this family.
The incident occurred on the night of the 17th when the train arrived in the city.
“Where is the illegal trade in coal now, because it is coal that has been auctioned and released by Coal India Limited (CIL).
“We congratulate Bah Adelbert Nongrum for his hard work for the country and the people of Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum to get their rights in the Constitution of the country as it was paved by our ancestors. previously," the statement concluded.
“At the same time, the vision of the MFA is also to promote women's sport.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Since 1972, Purno A Sangma has never been defeated by the MP Lok Sabha from Tura Parliamentary Seat, except in 2009 when he allowed his daughter Agatha Sangma to win the election. will contest in his place and won the election.
It is also known that our human body also contains 60 % water in our body.
This recognition will ensure that the rules are followed in the Emergency Department, where patients are treated by trained staff.
Dawanbiang Passah scored the goals in the 79th minute and Mebanker Shalam in the 83rd minute.
“The appointment of consultants, architects and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the National Games will be completed by 15th November, according to the schedule of the Sports Department,” he said.
The family members of Bah Kopal are waiting for him to return home and the village has conducted a mass search for him but has not found him.
Neha Nialang, who was selected for Her&Now and started her own business from West Jaintia Hills, is eager to learn from this programme.
Wearing masks, maintaining social distancing, thermal scanning and hand washing are essential.
We all have the time to do something for our country, in our worldly life.
Now we are bringing sohñiamtra to Karnataka to sell,” he said.
The Hills Farmers Union of West Khasi Hills District, has urged the District Head to help, if there is any legal action, as this burning of hills has affected the farmers who plant trees and also for the future of children.
The Supreme Court will hear tomorrow on the petition filed by the MLAs against the Speaker of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
“If we look at the history of politics in the state, there has never been any party that has been able to rule alone in the last 45 years and even the Congress which has been in the state for a long time has not. “It means that the people of the state will decide what we want to do, because the political situation in the state is different and our people are not the ones who take hasty decisions,” he said. he added.
Let the law of chastity also apply in our daily lives.
You have to go to your own job to earn your own living, but remember that God will protect you from all these things.
Want any news.
Interestingly, the group under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma did not forget to visit Jaintiapur, which is one of the most famous places, the Tlang capital of the Jaintia kings.
Shillong: Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma has lodged a complaint in the House against the issuance of EPIC and MHIS to 36 Muslims in a village in his constituency.
The opening ceremony will also feature the first football match between the Meghalaya Football Team and the North East United Football Club.
Kong Lyngdoh stressed on the need to continue her further education, saying that there is no limit in the pursuit of knowledge, knowledge and success.
“Let me explain to you...don't believe this statement that after 2026, what is the future of teachers.
Erling Haaland has been named player of the season for the 2022-23 season after breaking the record in his first appearance against Manchester City and helped the team to win the Premier League title again.
In this regard, the H. Elias 50th Death Anniversary Commemoration Committee will hold an Essay Writing Competition for Secondary, Higher Secondary, College and University Students.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Leader John F Kharshiing today announced that he will attend the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) office. Leaders celebrate the victory in the elections in the three newly elected states yesterday.
Supporters of the HSPDP from Nongstoin have also expressed the reason for the expulsion of Bah DT Wanniang, by saying that the expulsion of Bah Wanniang from the party, is due to a clash with the supporters. The CEC in Nongstoin, where Bah Hoping at that time had threatened Bah Wanniang, but he did not listen and therefore the CEC has advised Bah Hoping to expel him. and Mr. Wanniang.
Renibet Patlong gave a speech on “A Drug Free Society”. Speakers included Heibor Pariat, former employee of the Voluntary Health Association Meghalaya (VHAM). , Jersom Shylla and others.
Shillong, July 5: Basilla Marak has lodged a complaint at Nongstoin Police Station at 6:30 pm on the 3rd of this month. This evening, an SI policeman named R.Sten, tried to kill her son Kyrmen S Marak, 15 years old, by stabbing him in the neck.
“I didn't think the result would be that way.
With the victory over Croatia, Argentina have secured their place in the final of this year's World Cup.
Therefore, in our country, there are many changes from good to bad and from bad to good.
Today's match was between Khimusniang and 7Wasa, where 7Wasa beat Khimusniang 3-1
The T.2 lakh was handed over to the youth by Dr. WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla at a function held at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu on Thursday.
He alleged that the non-release of the post-mortem report has strongly suggested that there was an attempt to hide the truth about Balsan's death.
She said that so far, about 475 farmers have been trained in this traditional farming method, on 500 acres of farmland in 25 villages.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in New Delhi in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah to end the border dispute between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam has been in existence for 50 years.
Wanshailang said that the Lumdiengjri Police Station has expressed its cooperation with the dohsyiar vendors if there are any such incidents in the future. .
The exact cause of the officer's suicide is still unknown.
“In accordance with the right granted under Article 19 (1) A you shall not insult or insult until others feel that their hard work to bring about good and peace will be in vain. ," he said.
The union demands that the Kmie Government should appoint the Village Authorities especially as it is a job in the villages and urges the State Government to take action in this regard as this will also be one of the issues. from the opportunities for the youth of the State.
they shall not rule over thee.
The Meitei people living in Tripura this month held a mass march to demand the restoration of peace and stability in Manipur which is currently in the midst of violence. severe ones that have occurred since last month.
These include East Khasi Hills 22, West Garo Hills 4, Ri Bhoi 10, South West Garo Hills 2, West Khasi Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 1, North Garo Hills 1, Eastern West Khasi Hills 5 and East Jaintia Hills and East Garo Hills 8.
There was also a question regarding those colleges which do not have those courses, but the NEP-2020 directs that these courses should be introduced. NEHU, he explained that these colleges should first introduce these courses which they do not yet have and the university will visit and introduce these subjects.
When the police received a tip, they rushed to the scene and the man turned and touched the police and in the fight with the police, he grabbed the suloi and a knieh. police, don't fall into the river.
From the information received by this reporter, it is said that the reason why the Assam and KSA Police stopped the truck yesterday, was on the grounds that the Meghalaya government authorities did not The Hamren District Administration has informed about the plan to deliver food items to the Khasi village, which is one of the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam, through West Karbi Anglong District.
This is after receiving a directive from the Central Government to set up a Children's Commission in the state.
Pateinki Sabah opened the scoring through Prayme Kyndait in the 11th minute, but Khliehmyntdu managed to turn the tide through Arkini Chyrmang in the 21st minute and Bandaia Ryngki in the 21st minute. 54 for the purpose of winning the victory.
He was responding to a question raised by Sohra MDC Bah Titosstarwell Chyne who spoke on the unemployment and unemployment of Khasi youth even after passing many ranks.
Those who are still lacking in thinking, money, equipment, forty kinds of insulting words will still be deceived by the people of the candidate especially his employees.
Thus God gave them a king and the first king of Israel was Saul in 1050 B.C. After Saul, King David, after David came King Solomon in 970 B.C. The 10 tribes of Israel were ruled by Jeroboam from 930-909 B.C., Samaria was their capital.
This will enrich the rich and impoverish the poor.
Nongpoh, June 8: The theft of coal trucks by the AICC, Bah Vincent H Pala, has been reported. The District Authorities of Ri-Bhoi District have recently enforced strict rules and regulations, warning trucks carrying coal to enter the roads of various villages in the district. you District.
According to the statement, the MSKDF is affiliated to the Karate India Organizations (KIO), which are recognized by the World Karate Federation (WKF), the Asian Karate Federation (AKF) and the Indian Olympic Association (IOA).
“We have ordered them to wait until we get a decision from the meeting on Thursday,” said Bah Lanong.
Commenting on the incident which happened yesterday at the camp in which two policemen were injured, ANVC-B leader Doang Shira today said that the police entered the camp yesterday. ANVC-B is not the first case but has been reported from time to time.
Another fertilizer that we believe will be available tomorrow in our Khasi-Jaintia country is the fertilizer of groundnut or peanut.
Greeting the Association through the internet, Sangma said, “I have been made aware that this partnership aims to open up opportunities for the youth of Meghalaya and the North East abroad to get training experiences exceeding two years.
These include schools, colleges, classrooms, ITIs, polytechnics, hostels, common service centres, hospitals, water supply facilities, sports grounds, Sadbhav Mandaps, Hunar Hubs, and other other.
He said that as youth when there are any programs we should take part and we need to be united and respect each other.
What is needed for us is that we should always focus on the right path.
This is one of the best and easiest ways to make yourself healthier.
Shanlang Warjri, candidate of the Seng from Mairang against Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP and Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang of the Congress, has slammed the leaders of Mairang. to speak on the issues or concerns of the people in the Assembly.
The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EFA) has invited and urged all clubs to renew their affiliation with the Association.
In the evening of the children's song and talent festival held at the Lariti Performing Center in Mawdiangdiang, Shillong, the students of Persara Piano School took the stage for a talk by the Beatles Piano.
Five suspected smugglers involved in smuggling of illegal drugs to Bangladesh have been arrested by the Army at Muktapur village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shangpliang said that compared to the price of food, the state has set a high price as it is now. When asked about this, the Director of Health Services, Dr War, admitted that it is. In fact, the price has increased because the ICMR has not provided any more assistance to the state governments.
The seven employees were identified as Thon Bordoloi, Boka Bordoloi, Soshil Medhi, Menu Bordoloi, Anthony Bordoloi and Dipjyoti Laskar.
The sudden increase in the price of sohmynken has affected the people to buy and sell household items, sellers and buyers have been very concerned about the sudden increase in the price in a short period of time.
Along with this doctor, there are other doctors who are qualified in surgery like Dr.KKKhyllep, Dr.P.Lamare, Dr.INongbri, Dr.ISyiemlieh, Dr.Lurstep Wanshnong and others. .
He said the proposal to leave the MDA Government was proposed by a private person on behalf of the party to discuss.
How sad it is to know that Heprit Rupari has lost his mother and his father has married somewhere else.
In 1975, he felt the call and decided to serve God and was ordained in the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Meghalaya government will pay for the treatment of Bishashwar Das, who was burnt to death by robbers in Bishnupur, on Saturday.
The agency urges anyone who wishes to help Ukraine to write to the Ukrainian Embassy in the United States.
According to the Chief Minister, the GST Council has set a target for all states to increase revenue to 14 percent of this year's revenue but if this target falls short, the Central Government through the The GST Council will not be able to do so.
“To meet people is in the office and not in the shop, so the action of Bah Ransom Sutnga is right and the more insulted the blessings will come, so the residents need to work together and win Bah Sutnga,” he said. Mr. Prestone.
Children read school books and story books, young people or adults read books such as novels and magazines and the elderly often read more religious books.
They deceive the people with their lips that they love the nation, but their hearts are clean.
Nongpoh: U Jonas Lapang, 21, of Pahamlapong, Ri Bhoi District, has gone missing since the 9th of this month and has not returned home since. .
Because this Mission of Meghalaya will bring the name and glory of the state because other states will follow the example of this mission.
“Due to the lack of model Qs papers, teachers cannot ask questions.
Too easy to blame and belittle.
“The signs of the ceremony from the beginning are good and hopeful for the kingdom and all the children of the thousands that the Lord will bless them,” he said.
The aim of the program is to change the way of producing athletes from the area by starting to teach, train them from an early age and monitor them until they are complete.
Referring to the MRSSA Amendment, the Governor said that he is still reading a little and looking into the provisions of the Act.
He said the MCI should work better than it has done now.
Speeches were also delivered by Rev. JM Passah, Rev. P Kharwanlang and others.
Shillong, July 3: The Ra Song Sports Social & Cultural Club in collaboration with the Soil & Water Conservation Department Sohra and CMYDS Shillong has organized a seminar on the conservation of biodiversity within the Dorbar Shnong. Waterfall.
If you see a well or a well, or anything else that is in front of the city, you will die, but there are those who ask questions.
“The Vice-Chancellor is in a hurry to appease the political leaders in New Delhi.
“We want the Governor to take this Bill separately to encourage the Kurs to form Kur organizations because the Kurs are still lymbrum and they need to have Kur organizations to be a peaceful nation. and systematically looking after the welfare of our nation," he said.
Paul said the state government will talk to the Director IGCC in Dhaka to prepare the drawings to start the construction.
These youths have won medals many times and are now preparing to leave India on the 30th of June to compete in the tournament.
These include EKH: 59, WJH: 4 and WKH:
Speaking to reporters, KL Pariat said that the cleaning of the roads without including the water tanks could cause problems later on when the rainy season comes. It will be a great loss to the city of Jowai.
East Khasi Hills District has won the title of the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government in collaboration with the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet The Meghalaya Athletics Association (SAA) has held a tournament tournament on 24th June at the STC, NEHU, Shillong.
And I was exceedingly afraid, and said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my face be sad? When the city (Jerusalem), the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lies desolate and its gates are burned with fire? Then said the king unto me, What wilt thou? (What do you want?), Then I prayed to the God of heaven.
When Jesus went up into the temple and taught, the Jews who heard him were amazed.
He said that the Mawlai-Mawroh to Madan-Mawkhar road in Mawlai constituency will be named St Mother Teresa Road while the Howel Road in Laban will be named Thrang Hok Road and Zikzak Road. at  Arbendu Chaudhuri Road.
During the meeting, the Minister said that the delay is the land for the construction of the water treatment plant. The remaining work is only for the documents which the village will submit to the water supply department.
Police are conducting search operation to arrest other members of the gang who are still on the run.
Two persons were seriously injured when a Mahindra Bolero collided with a Shaktiman truck on NH 6 in Sabahmuswang, Jowai.
It is not to say that you are stupid or stupid but how can you not drive for hours because even the peons have taken their cars to work.
We don't know what the intention of MeECL is to extinguish the fire, maybe it's a joke or it has a purpose, but the truth is that every time it extinguishes the fire, MeECL receives a penny per hour. Even from each bulb, which burns in the houses of the poor, those who extinguish or those who light, this department earns a profit and perhaps there is nothing to lose itself, while if it extinguishes the fire. , besides being charged, the debt has increased to the top of the head and besides the loss of salary, there has been more reason to lose salary for more months.
In the thought of the Khasi, it is different from other peoples, because when the Khasi speaks of the household, he does not forget to speak of the family.
The meeting was held after a meeting with the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU. Chairman of JAC Prof Lakhon Kma said that at the meeting, the VC informed that Technical Consultant Rohit Prasad has been absent from NEHU for 15 days and for this reason, NEHU no longer needs Rohit to be present at the university.
In Saturday's match in Haryana, Meghalaya, which is also top of Group B, has been able to hold and pass the ball in a beautiful manner but has not been able to do so. to finish on the scoring side.
“There is a surprise about the 2023 elections because I have been in different political parties like the UDP and HSPDP but what I have seen when I go to the people is that the people want the change and want this new political party"
Phawa said that in an interview with reporters, the child had been in a relationship with him for seven months.
“I have seen that there are many books related to Meghalaya's independence but I have not seen any book related to the struggle for independence,” he said.
On the other hand, the TMC candidate from Nongkrem, Bah Joannes Lamare, while speaking at the meeting, said, “I want to serve the people, I am not a trader, I am not a contractor. but if thou come into my house, I will feed the fowls, and feed the swine: be not a stranger unto me.
The police team has taken the four seriously injured prisoners from the scene to the Civil Hospital with the permission of the Magistrate present,” he said.
Hospitals, in the past decades, were considered to be places of treatment or places of impartial assistance to the poor and the needy. government hospitals, because they are more confident in the treatment and also, that the cost of treatment is low and that even if there is a shortage of money, there is a way to pay back later.
The police chief was injured by GNLA bullets fired by SWAT and CRPF personnel during a raid on Saturday.
Bah Sanbor said the department will also ensure that there will be other facilities such as security, the needs of doctors and staff besides installing CCTV cameras after the implementation of the gate.
Wow The Khasi MLAs who have 36 constituencies forget their high salary when they reach the Assembly.
He completed his LLB Law from Delhi University and his LLM Degree and Doctorate in Legal Sciences from Harvard Law School, USA.
There was a shooting incident this night after the relatives of the deceased arrived at the scene.
“You have killed Bah Cherish, you have kidnapped Sib Sing Syiem, you have killed Wickliffe Syiem by forcing him to leave his own Hima.
It is a great day for all the citizens of India when the British left India after more than 300 years of rule.
Rijiju said there are many foreign tactics that create conflict and create disagreements.
Sonam was shocked by the invitation and said that no one in Bollywood has been invited except her.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi MP Rajya Sabha was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning and other dignitaries. old.
Regarding the news, which has come out and said that the village of Tyrso has lodged a complaint against these people who came to shoot these foreigners who live inside the market, it is a mistake by the reporter, Therefore, it was decided to publish this news, which has brought about a stir in the whole of Tyrso.
The KSU has met with the DC today to discuss the issue of Cherrapunjee.
The villages and village authorities have the authority to investigate the identity of the mynder whether they are employees or residents of our property in the village before allowing them to clean. and the indigenous people, said the FKJGP Lachumier in a statement.
(1).
The Dorbar Tlang has paid tribute to (L) Tobias Manar, former MDC of the Council who passed away. at the same time a moment of silence was observed.
The JSM on Tuesday launched its branch office at Chyrmang village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Union of Village Authorities in an emergency meeting held on the 23rd of this month at the Office Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship, in which the Village Leaders from different villages in the Hima, attended the meeting to discuss the details on this matter.
Because Sohra has one of the most beautiful tourist attractions in Meghalaya, many of the residents of Sohra earn their living by selling at tourist attractions like Ksaid Noh Kalikai, Thangkarang Park, Noah the Great and others.
Nongpoh: A woman and two men have been arrested and charged with failure to pay petrol even after filling up petrol at a petrol pump in 10mer and the incident occurred at Khanapara Police Station, Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The BJYM has demanded that the state government should cancel the ML01 registration on all government bus vehicles and should send them to pay tax like commercial vehicles.
At the same time, a government official said that there is a lack of information from the public about the operation of the MIIS. it" he said.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, the crowd shouted – “Hosanna to the highest!
The court also ordered to pay a compensation of T.5 lakh (San lakh) to the victim.
In a time of great heartache and sorrow; The Forum expresses its condolences and sympathy to the entire family, together with both the Bethany Hospital and all the loved ones of Dr Sailo – whom we respect.
The Government has introduced the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Rules, 2021 on November 21, 2021, only four (4) days before the Feast of Gaming Rules. The State has always prepared to celebrate this great day in the faith of the Christian community.
These are some of the following:-Economy: The shortage of income of the Government of Meghalaya and the shortage of trade has caused many problems between the government and parents.
Man's duty in this world is to fear, love, honor and serve God.
In Sohra, the curfew was imposed from 6.00 pm to 8.00 pm.
The public hearing was held in connection with the plan of M/s Meghalaya Cement Ltd (Topcem) to expand its operations to increase its dewbilat production from 2600 TPD (0.858 MTPA). Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanao said that as soon as the rally started, the people attacked and destroyed the rally. and all the buildings in this place of meeting.
“It is on this basis that I have been able to convince the top party leaders in Delhi to contest from Garo Hills as well as from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The MBOSE Class XI examination will be held tomorrow despite the curfew imposed by the HNLC. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced that the Class XI Internal/Promotion examination conducted by the Schools and colleges on the 16th or Tuesday will continue as per the routine.
He said that if the kwai is good for four to five days, you can get 10 byrni of kwai and the price of kwai if it is good is up to 5,000 tyngka per byrni.
James Lyngdoh said the Uttar Pradesh government under the leadership of Yogi Adityanathka was also involved in the assault on Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Vadra when they went to condole at the home of the victim. It has shown the failure of the government in this state.
The assistance is T.400,000 per household and the total amount is T.20,00,000/- (Twenty lakh).
“It was a great shock to see this discrimination and disrespect to the young Meghalaya Games athletes, and an example of health and sportsmen in various sports.
On the other hand, the union also suggests to the government and the relevant authorities to send JCBs to the area so that they can clean up these hands. They have caused a lot of trouble to the vehicles to pass through this road.
The UDP and HSPDP, which work together under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), recently renewed their agreement to work together in the Lok Sabha elections to nominate only one joint candidate from the RDA to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary seat. Seat.
However, it was said that this is a law, which results in rape of women, the brutal killing of many innocent people, from the violence of the army.
Rgh Donkupar Dkhar (Retd IAS) President of the Seng Khasi Kmie, resident of Lumshyiap, Golf Links, passed away on
“He said that a decision has already been taken within the party regarding the Lamphang candidate and also for the Lamphang election.
The meeting was attended by two MDCs of Baratomukroh and Mynsngat Khanduli, Dr H. Lamin, MLA of this constituency, MM Thaiang, Secretary J Lyngdoh Education Secretary KSU. HYC Central Body, TR Suchen Secretary, C Ryngki Vice President HNYF West Jaintia Zone, Kong.
The Cabinet meeting today took this decision and this will open the door for the holding of elections to the Council which has been postponed three times earlier.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul Sangma, while commenting on the BJP's demand for the resignation of the CM, said that he does not want to say anything, but will leave it to the decision of those in power whether they will resign or not. the soul is filled with such things.
The reason why the Seng demands the laws and regulations to allocate jobs in the Private Sector is because the jobs in Government departments are almost full, as in the past. Going around the world, we see that only the companies can create and shape how to create jobs for the youth of the country.
She contested the last MLA election from the HSPDP but failed to reach the polls and was defeated by Bah Hamletson Dohling from the People Democratic Front (PDF).
The group said that even the President understands that the Sengbhalang is protesting for the right reasons, but Mukul Sangma and his followers are beating up the people without thinking, which has encouraged the Sengbhalang to protest.
Ma Lyngdoh appealed to the government to take action and address this before any tragic incident happens, because if Assam gets the opportunity to set up this BOP it will be a problem for the villagers who live in Assam. They are not allowed to enter the state of Meghalaya.
The leaders of these drivers' associations also urged their friends to refrain from crossing the street and to remember to wear hand gloves in case of any accident. They urged the drivers not to drink alcohol while driving while carrying passengers and also not to carry too much.
Samla C Syiemlieh, President of the Assembly Youth Congress, urged the people not to be deceived by the NDA and MDA governments which will eventually destroy the income of the people of the state.
When asked whether they will set rules or not if they leave, they also wanted this issue to come to an end but on the part of the discussion, they said. tell me that there will never be any rules.
This has misled the people. This has destroyed and killed the voice of the people in democracy because most of the people who have the intention to vote freely have Their love for him or her is hindered and they are led astray in this way.
There is a goal in any cause of Unity.
In this regard, the KJNU congratulates the EJNC for sending an inquiry into the incident at the Weidge Bridge for misusing their powers. The EJNC has sent a complaint by Marshal Biam against the employees of the Weight Bridge.
He also informed the farmers that the Seng has fought to abolish the kilo cut, but it is due to the lack of laws to regulate the kilo cut. continue until now.
Most of the residents in the rural areas benefit more and see the light until the establishment of religious groups who work hard to look after the welfare of the people whether it is in terms of health. , in the Reading of the Book or in the setting up of training programs in agriculture or in any other field.
Regarding the invitation for a meeting by the Minister of State, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on April 8, 2021, he agreed to hold a meeting as soon as possible in front of all the Ministers of the State Government especially with the Minister. Rangbah, Conrad Sangma and also the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong to resolve the issues of the people living in the border areas of the State.
On the demand for ILP, the Chief Minister said that the group has expressed before the Chief Minister the desire of the people of the State to have laws in the State to protect the welfare of the people. and the interests of the citizens of the State, and thus it was stated that the ILP is one of the ways in which the State can do.
From this Plate Group, Nagaland and Meghalaya who reached the final have already been selected for the Elite Group for the upcoming season.
Ranveer's film career started with '81 which was released in 2021 which did not attract the audience even if the film was a good story.
The Government is preparing to build another bridge after the life of this bridge has come to an end.
A total of 67,566 pilgrims have visited the shrine at Amarnath since the beginning of the Yatra on 1st November, according to a statement from the Yatra. head government.
Witting said the West Khasi Hills and Mawthadraishan have already taken a decision to expel Nonglait at their emergency meeting on the 7th of this month. long in Central.
Modi has strongly criticized the Congress for not respecting these brothers and sisters during its tenure in government.
On the day, these protesters were accompanied by the leaders of the HYC and through this protest, they raised a loud voice that they will never protest against the Kyiad shop. The Kyiad shop has been allowed to stand on the site, which is near Umrangksai and Lumbyrhing villages.
This is a statement sent by Bah Arbok Kharjahrin, President, HYC.
The victim was identified as Subal Kanhar, a former Sarpanch, said Tapan Kumar Nahak, Inspector-in-charge of the Phiringia Police Station.
It was also witnessed that today there was a flood and landslide in the area of ​​10 mer, where the soil from the top of the hill started to flow into the road and it is not known at what time the hill collapsed. twa because of the rain and the ground.
In the first half, Bamkhne FC scored twice in the first half and twice in the second half.
Wandalin Syiemiong won the silver medal in the 60kg category.
A joint inquiry has been conducted by the authorities of the two district councils of Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Mikir Hills.
Jongksha, June 11 : Jongksha Village, Mawkynrew Block, East Khasi Hills District, which is about 27 kilometers from Shillong city and has about 800 households, today, June 9, 2022; Jien Pyngrope Memorial Music School, which was inaugurated by Dr. RJ Conville as the chief guest.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 30: Most of the villagers in the rural areas have been harassed and raped in many ways and this has been witnessed in the protests of the people in Umlathu, Ri Bhoi. District, which were shocked after receiving information that a private individual named Aisail N. Sangma, has not owned and intends to sell his illegal land in Umlathu Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Similarly, Tura Govt College, Shillong, which has 86 sanctioned posts, has charged T.15,260 for a three year degree course compared to St. Mary's College, Shillong which has charged T.84,7 Your course even if you don't have 65 sanctions posted by your Government.
According to a statement, the BCCI said the team's medical team is investigating his injury along with other doctors in London.
“The PDF, as President, nominates three or seven candidates, if you nominate five candidates, how many candidates will win, if one or two candidates win, whatever you do, you can score goals at the Polo Ground.
The Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong has announced that the common platform for the candidates for the 2023 MLA election will be held on the 16th June at 6:30 pm.
If the Minister of Urban Affairs, the Minister of Transportation rides public transport, he will understand how much the people have suffered not only because of traffic jams but also because of commercial vehicles and buses. .
The Meghalaya Youth Policy has set a target for the state to reach the top-ten position among the states of the country by
He said that during the 25 years of Bah Hek's tenure as MLA, there has been no playground, no development projects, no college, the constituency has been flooded, there are no community halls and sports auditoriums.
The block leaders include Bateilang Nongbri, Bahun Kharbani, Clareen Diengdoh, Syrpai Marbaniang, Banteilang Suting and Daryl Jarain.
These “things” must be done by God and Satan (Lucifer).
It was on the 19th of November, that he died after being bitten by a fish while cleaning and removing an old pla which he used to put fertilizer for planting. At about 5.50 pm, the county authorities announced that the elderly man had died after the snowstorm hit him severely that day.
This program is provided for college students to learn in the field of employment.
After the arrival of the police, the HYC, agreed to go to the police station, to discuss the matter and it was only after leaving the police station that the HYC stopped. These foreign shops in Nongpoh have been closed.
Have you told me how many years you have been here? They wanted to fight against Crowbourough because they were against Lumto.
Therefore, it is hoped that this Girls' Hostel will provide a better service for those people who are in dire need of assistance and will also be a source of inspiration for the development of the people. mind in a positive direction and knowledge too.
Gabriel said that while he was in jail, the police had violated his human rights and he had lodged a complaint with the court through the right channel and he had written many complaints. for 102 days he was in prison.
The election meeting of the KSU was held at the Lumshnong Dorbar Hall on Friday.
The cause of the fire is yet to be determined.
In the past few days, during the inspection of the villages in the Ri Lyngngam area, it was found that there are still many villages in the area which do not have roads and food items. such as rice, sugar, flour, etc. were delivered to the villages on horseback.
"We the citizens of the State desire to live happily ever after! How happy we shall be when others say to us, O, happiness! O, goodness! Happy birthday.
Although it is a great Book of Laws and Rules, it is not yet perfect and there are gaps and shortcomings that still need to be filled.
Donald Steven Wahlang, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association, has been elected as the team manager.
Shama said this demand is against and insults to the minorities and the uniqueness of the ethnic groups of the North East especially from Meghalaya and Nagaland.
Where does the doctrine of obedience come from? It comes through the work you are sent to do.
Pyniaid said the District Council is concerned about the safety of the vendors and market visitors and the cleanliness of the market.
Teilang has been the president of JSM Western Region from 2014-2017 and a member of the CEC to date.
The CEC has taken this step to invite all the members and former leaders to attend the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the JSU. office in Jowai.
Jowai: Police received a tip that a body of a man was brought to Mission Hospital Jowai at 8.30AM this morning and doctors pronounced him dead.
To answer, let us look to the Bible.
Your suffering is an opportunity for others.
Nongpoh: The Patharkhmah Basketball Team has won the 1st Spring Cum Summer Basketball Tournament 2022 organized by the Patharkhmah Sports Club in Government Higher SS Basketball Stadium is located in Patharkhmah.
There have been several places which have been accessible only to the tourists but the problem faced by the people is that they have to walk through the roads.
She said that Meghalaya has fallen into the abyss of backwardness in all areas from education, income inequality, poverty, hunger, unemployment, lack of health and health care and others.
New Delhi: The Cabinet today approved the implementation of the 33 per cent quota for women to serve in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies. .
“I feel it is better to talk to each other first so that there will be no misunderstanding,” said Bah Titosstar.
Now what comes first in the administration and functioning of the Government is power, wealth, honor and status.
Filtina Lyndem Senior Citizen.
“Murmu loves me like a child, my mother and father were also present when this picture was taken,” she said.
The party also wants to explain to him that Meghalaya needs strong laws like Nagaland and Mizoram to curb the entry of foreigners before accepting the road.
He said that it is not pleasant that so many tax collection points have been destroyed without forgiveness.
At present, the State has also increased slightly in the number of doctors sent to the North Eastern Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences.
Thus, craft is one of the ways to preserve the culture and identity of any nation.
He said that in the past, the farmers used to buy about 1300 cows a month, but now they buy only 700 cows a month because they don't want to increase the price. Bangla cow market.
This shows that Modi speaks English well when he feels it is necessary, especially when the scientists and intellectuals in the area speak English. and they are from the west of the country.
HK Singh also imposed a no entry after 3PM where vehicles coming from Chutwakhu and Mission Compound cannot enter the DC and can travel from Jerusalem to District Library, Jowai to War Jaintia parking lot and only vehicles. election personnel and election personnel who can hold.
On the other hand, the elders of this day expressed their pride to see Bah Jemberson Marak, although at the age of 55 years, but without hesitation to showcase his talent in the field of acting and singing. He also encouraged many youngsters to develop their talents in the field of singing and acting. movie.
Finally Panah bapli had to sleep near the fire because he didn't want to go back to sleep in the living room.
In the Under 18 Boys category, 1st Sambor Jyrwa, 2nd Arwandame Thongni and 3rd Hawamanbha Phyrngap.
Ignorance, and selfishness, makes a person think of doing even all kinds of shameful things.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gigur said it is easy to talk but after taking the responsibility it is very difficult as a Nongmihkhmat to take responsibility for the area.
When asked why they came to the village, they said that they came with a spirit of love and sympathy for the child because they didn't want them to be like brothers and sisters. I don't want to look at my mobile phone or my phone but I want to serve the nation by encouraging such people to reach their goals. many trees, and the news that these people say that they want to urge the government authorities to turn its attention to such riewlanot who have special talents like this young man and to open such persons with disabilities shall be provided with special rights and services.
The election of office bearers was held on 18th July.
For this reason, Maieid is left alone in the battle (like Robinhood in the middle of the forest) and for this reason perhaps he does not want to marry until his dream comes true.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday night, there was a clash between the police and the people, who were in the temple, which injured 40 people, in which Oni Muskut Deshmukh, who was supposed to perform the ceremony, while the Rangba Shnong, was led by the Rangba Shnong, said that the incident occurred at 2 pm. Swappon Bhattacharjee.
India had struggled to score against Vanuatu, but before the break, Sunil Chhetri managed to secure the victory after scoring in the 80th minute on Thursday. .
So far, 17 girls from all over the world have come forward to take part in the tournament which will be held soon in the state.
Rakesh Tikait contested the elections in 2007 as an independent candidate from Khatauli Assembly seat Muzaffarnagar and contested the Lok Sabha elections from the Rashtriya Lok Dal from Amroha district in 2014 and lost both seats. that election.
Hiraba died at the UN Mehta Institute of Cardiology in Ahmedabad.
Research scientists said the majority of parents and children were completely unaware that these drinks were not suitable for minors.
Other MLAs include LD Sangma as Chairman of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council, JD Sangma as Chairman of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council, Jim M Sangma as Chairman of the Forest Development Corporation Ltd. IBK Sangma – Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya on Forest Department, Brenning A Sangma – Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation & Monitoring Committee, AB Marak – Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation & Monitoring Committee; PR Marak – Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee, Bah Sanbor Shullai – Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee, Bah D. Lamare – Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Ltd. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Housing Board, Bah MB Kurbah – as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Mayralborn Syiem – as Chairman of the Meghalaya State Health Advisory Board, Bah RG Momin – as Chairman of the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation Ltd, Rupert Momin as Chairman, MJ Sangma as Advisor to the Power Department, Bah Gavin Mylliem as Advisor to the Health Department, Bah Pius Marwein as Advisor to the Health Department. Co-Chairman of Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Ltd, KR Marak – as Chairman of Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Ltd and Subir Marak – as Chairman of Meghalaya Khadi & Village Industries Board.
About the death of Jesus is no longer surprising, because he came to die for the sins of the people of the world, the Word of God had foretold to Isaiah thousands of years ago, Isaiah says who do you believe our proclamation?
The coronavirus disease has not yet appeared in front of the secretary/biri/duma sla or the drinking of alcohol or the raja/ghaini, etc.
Therefore, stories are a parable that expresses and conveys the thought according to the tradition of our ancestors that is spreading in the present day, which gradually becomes a belief that is truly accepted by future generations.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 24 cases, including 7 policemen and 6 cases in Umkyrpong Cluster.
The leader of the mining traders also denied that there is any employment opportunity by foreign traders and said, “Ours are only drivers, many are Khasi, some are foreigners. but we only accept those who have proper documents,” he said.
When inquired, it was learned that some of them have relatives in Majai, some have come from Shillong and some have smuggled from Bangladesh.
After opening the opening ceremony of Mawnongrim, Mawsor met with MS Rao to ask whether it is true that he was the one who ordered the DC not to write his name. local MLA and MS Rao replied by saying Yes and said that there is no such order and Bah Mawsor also met the DC and said “Phi I have been deceived and I understand that this is the cleverness of the DC of Nongstoin and I have told the DC that if he wants to cooperate from now on he should not act too cleverly”.
The Joint Action Committee Against Casino is a group jointly organized by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, Seng Bhalang leaders including the KSU, HNYF and FKJGP. The JAC was also formed to strongly oppose the proposal to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi District.
“Why don't those who appoint white jobs be arrested but now why don't those who are not arrested if they don't steal,” she said. “We want a strong and independent Lokayukta Act. I will not bring any benefit to this state.
Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bobby Nongbet produced four substitutes. Hamedamanbha Wahlang came on for Ronald Kydon Lyngdoh Nonglait in the 25th minute. Tyngkan came on for Sambor Oneel Kharsahnoh in the 45th minute, Figo Syndai for Baby Sunday Marngar in the 46th minute and Amon Lepcha. Everbrightson was replaced by Sana Mylliempdah in the 81st minute.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment of Rule 275 of the Meghalaya Excise Rules to allow the operation of on and off licensed wine shops at Umroi Airport.
Because of the value of others, who knows that value, only the owners who breathe from this forest every day will understand its value.
On this occasion, the SMB also honored two guards and two inspectors, three drivers and three mazdoors for their service.
An earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya on Tuesday at 1.13 AM. The epicenter of the earthquake was in West Khasi Hills district.
This sermon should not condemn or emphasize those events or preach the second coming of Jesus.
Hesting Sangma won the Best Goalkeeper Award, Walnang Momin won the Best Goalkeeper Award and Karan Marak won the Best Goalkeeper Award. , while the Best Bishop Team was awarded to Umnawe Football Club.
Shillong, March 23: To promote agriculture, the Social and Economic Life Development Committee of Nongum Presbytery has gathered a meeting of farmers at Mawsynnam village on the 21st of this month to provide training to the farmers. on the rep of the riang.
Wilfred said that the stone quarrying in the area has been agreed between the land owners and the authorities, to work in a manner that is harmonious and not to disturb anyone.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF, Lum-Umpih unit, today launched a campaign to clean up the Umpih River.
The inability to resolve the border with Bangladesh as well as with Assam has been a shame to us as a state.
The EJNC Khliehmyntriang Unit has urged the MeECL department to repair all the electricity posts in Jalyah and Khliehmyntriang villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: U Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, on Tuesday said that there are only three villages in Shillong which the Hima Mylliem does not recognize as Rangbah Shnong. Therefore, Jail Road and European (in Nan Polok, City Dhaba).
In the words of experts, the scheme is a way of thinking for consumers who want to get back after spending money.
UDP Pynursla Circle leaders led by Banalari Khongwar in the presence of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, President Titosster Well Chyne and Dr Jemino Mawthoh welcomed Bah Khan. and others at a meeting of the UDP Pynursla Circle today at Pynursla.
“Regarding this violation, you as the DEO of Ri-Bhoi should immediately send an inquiry to verify this allegation, which came from the 35-Shiliang Umdoh Polling Station of Mawhati constituency,” he said. ha this law.
I wish that each and every one of our fellow countrymen will be free from this terrible disease and that those who are sick will recover soon.
With these two goals, she strengthened the team by winning the title and winning the championship trophy.
“We have already done this last month and now it is up to the Cabinet to approve,” he said, adding that this will be a big step.
Everyone was ready to sell their various goods in Motphran.
In Goa, with 40 members, the BJP has won 19 constituencies.
Bah Ardent is the best Explain Mame Zongtnum BussThe leaders of the VPP party have elected the right people for the party. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Nongpoh: The President of the Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) on Tuesday said that the Syiem of Raid Marwet, the Hima Mylliem and the District Council have turned into The Dalals, on the allocation of foreigners to get land in the villages which are still under the Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi.
The NFSA will be released at the rate of 35 kilos per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo for those who have the AAY card and 5 kilos per head at the price of T.3/- - 10 kilos for PHH card holders, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kilos per household at the price of T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo .
She explained the importance of mental health and mental illnesses.
The tournament started on the 1st of March and on the 5th of March, Bah Paul Lyngdoh announced that the tournament has come to an end.
“And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon and his angels fought against Michael the archangel (God) ).
In the first innings, Meghalaya started the game well by losing one wicket in the first ball when Shavian Blah caught the ball by Da-u. -la-shared Share.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Donkupar said, “Other parties will come to join the government to lead the UDP-HSPDP-GNC because we will form the government after the elections.” .
Sadly, it was for our sins that Jesus died.
In the Legislative Assembly last year, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, admitted that the state government has spent billions of rupees due to the lack of funds for the construction of the Crowborough Hotel.
It is necessary to ask the Prime Minister what are the losses if the personal interview is abolished, because as we have written to the Government we have explained that if the personal interview is abolished, the benefits will be for those who are entitled to receive it. you can't get it.
Pranab Boro, 45, was seriously injured after he poured petrol on himself and then set himself on fire during a protest organized by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS). and other groups of the Unnayan Samiti.
More than 40 elders, mostly from East Khasi Hills, took part in the match.
The year 1861 is a memorable year in the history of Mynso Village, that it was in this year that the French entered the boundary of the Village. The month in which the French first came because at that time our people did not use the Almanac or Baje, but they still relied on Nature to count the dates or months.
The kidnappers left Dey in a forest and this allowed Dey to escape from the hands of the kidnappers when he arrived at Bansam Awe village last night. , where he spent the night with the villagers.
The new office bearers of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle for the term 2024-2027 are Rutherford Lyngdoh, Vice President Pulljohnstar Wanniang, General Secretary Plosbor Kharjahrin, Assistant General Secretary. Shiningstar Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary Teiborlang Kharwanniang, Amos Kharjahrin, Information and Publicity Secretary Pynshailang Snaitang, Sports Secretary Shanborlang Kharbani, Environment Secretary Brightstarwell Khardewsaw and others.
“I strongly urge the Government, the department and especially those in power not to misuse their power and not to play with the heritage or future of the youth,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is for this reason that only the signs of destruction will be seen because there are many sheep in sheep's clothing who are not willing to sell their country for personal gain and glory.
On the other hand, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the Rural Housing Scheme has been suspended since 2010-1 Another scheme has been launched called the Meghalaya Housing Scheme and preparations are underway for the implementation of this scheme.
“The government should take measures to set up an inquiry into this,” he said.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today congratulated all the Hima Shnongs of the 54 Elaka including the Sviemships, Lyngdohships. , Wahadarship and Sirdarship who have joined hands with the Government of Meghalaya to fight against Corona Virus in the state.
The organizations demanding the ILP are the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (HNYF), All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO), Ri Bhoi Youth Fed. eration (RBYF), Garo Students' Union (GSU), Association for Democracy and Empowerment(ADE), A'chik Youth Welfare Organization (AYWO), Khasi Women Welfare and Development Association (KWWADA) among others.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister of Forests and Environment, James PK Sangma said that technology has become an important part of protecting and preserving the environment.
Due to the misuse of the salary they should have received and after being desperate to seek action from the relevant authorities, these people have appealed to the High Court of Meghalaya to demand justice. their.
It is too late to express our views but while there is still time, no one has been asked.
Shillong, November 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the EM in charge of Hima and Elaka. Mr. KP Pangniang in his office.
Earlier, on July 9, 2016, the Ministry of Transport and Communications, had taken over 40 vehicle parking bridges across the state, on the grounds that they could not pay the proper fees. price, which they were required to pay to the State government.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the Ministry has received information that there has been a decline in the price of synsar in the State.
The BSF also arrested the driver of the vehicle for allegedly smuggling these authorities.
Temptation is one of the most inevitable encounters we face every day while we live on this earth.
Ri Bhoi Police have taken note of the incident and conducted a thorough inspection at the scene on Friday and started an investigation into the incident.
He said that the BJP has nothing to do with the union of Congress MLAs because it is the Congress that has come to support the BJP, not the BJP that has come to support the Congress. I don't know why the Congress has lost in the state.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Nongsiej, on the other hand, praised and thanked the church for doing many charitable deeds for the poor. It is also interesting that the church not only provides for the physical needs but also for the spiritual needs.
Even the police department has tried to create awareness campaigns for the public from school children, students and villagers as well as by conducting training programs on the problems that may arise from drugs, said Bishnoi.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sengkmie will hold a peaceful sit in protest at the statue of Kiang Nangbah on the 10th June 2018, from 10.30 am to 4.00 pm opposite the Civil Hospital. as a sign of protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bills
The Chief Guest, Dr. Saicharan, Scientist-B, SSPC, Kaliabari explained about the work of producing face clothes, especially in terms of the use of modern technology. which is now.
The union has already lodged an RTI with the State Project Director of SSA and through this RTI the union will explain to the people about the benefits they should receive, as planned and implemented by the CM. , concluded the statement.
It is not like someone has accused me of being a langknia but whatever happens we will work together, what we can do we will do and what we cannot we will say we cannot do,” he said. the Minister of Home Affairs.
Michael is an elderly man who has fought against the infiltration and especially the construction of roads and development works from Assam in the border area.
Speaking after the opening of the UDP Shillong City meeting on Saturday, Bindo said, “The people of Meghalaya have known the position of the Congress.
During the meeting, Bah John also recalled the promise and words of former Prime Minister Shri Rajiv Gandhi when he ratified the 73rd and 74th Amendments (Panchayati Raj Bill). in the Legislative Assembly on 15th June
In fact, the program for this year 2019 has been announced on the 24th – 29th June,
We see that, from this year 2022, the BJP party has begun to rise stronger and stronger across India, for that reason, it has begun to dominate religions. religious minorities especially Muslims, Christians, etc. who are outside religions who have invaded India since ancient times.
The Santiniketan will be held at Santiniketan, West Bengal.
He said that since 2012-2013, the road has received an allocation of T.10 crore, from 3km to 22km from Sutnga-Sumer-Saipung Road.
He said that the college not only provides education to the society but also researches and explores new things.
According to the report, the spread of the disease has been stopped in these houses and active surveillance has been completed and tests have been conducted on the people who may have been affected by the disease. the house.
It is surprising to see that allegation at this time of elections.
The complaint was filed by the NIA on 19th November, 2023 in New Delhi.
It is through dialogue and we expect that what will come out will be good,” said Bah Dhar.
The elderly, the women, the youth and especially the children do not know what will happen tomorrow for them, even if they will eat even a single troh of food.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: With the aim of strengthening and in preparation for the upcoming elections in 2018, the Bharat Jayanta Party (BJP) Jirang Mandal on Saturday held a The public meeting was held at the Durbar Hall, Patharkhmah.
He said that the scheme will help those who are low income to have a stable and beautiful home while living.
The newspaper is a tool between the people and these various organizations so it is necessary to have the ability to send press releases (letters to the newspapers) and also to write to other departments. should be enough so that public service work can be carried out effectively.
“As it is now, the government has planned to improve the 40KM road from Umsning to Sonidan, but now the cleaning has reached Mawhati and it has stopped with the arrival of the season. Lyiur, but even if it has been completed only in Mawhati, it has really improved the traffic of the people of Mawhati area as a whole and if it is completed completely to Sonidan, it will be a blessing and a blessing. to the people,” said Bah Shanlang Diengdoh.
The 16th Khasi Seiñraij Students' Tournament held at Mukhap village, West Jaintia Hills District came to an end on Saturday.
A total of 75 new cases have been confirmed in Tamil Nadu, 74 of whom attended a service at the Tablighi Jamaat in Nizamuddi, Delhi last month.
He said that perhaps, the contractors are easy to implement because the government has not released the right amount of money, which will cause suffering to the people.
Detailed information is also available on the website www.megagriculture.
“As human beings we have shortcomings but God in the past 6 years has not abandoned us, but has turned and looked at us until He has brought us to understanding and peace so that we can survive. “It's a good idea to put the village on a good path to glory,” said Bah Desous Pohshna.
Who is responsible for such things? There are laws such as the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Indian Penal Code to punish those who spread false news.
“The investigation into this case is ongoing so let the law do its job,” said Bah AL Hek.
Every citizen can contribute by looking respectfully at all those who carry this White Tree.
He said it is surprising that even after more than 10 years, the police chief has not been arrested and has escaped from the hands of the law.
Another Pastor who is also a Doctor of Divinity has announced his intention to contest from Jowai Constituency in the upcoming MLA Election
We have followed the same pattern as MUDA by setting up an Expert Committee.
Shillong: A truck carrying dewbilat (AS 10 C 0490) has overturned at Lad Mawreng.
The hearing on the birthplace of Ram is currently ongoing in the Supreme Court and in its hearing on Tuesday, the Supreme Court has asked whether there has ever been a case in which Ram's birthplace has been asked. Advertisement “There has been a question, like this one, about the place of the birth of Ram, there has always been. , regarding the birth of the Prophet or Jesus, was born in Bethlehem, in any court of the world" asked Judge, SA Bobde, to K Parasaran, lawyer, for the goddess Ramlalla.
In the rural areas, many banks and government offices were closed and there were no employees today.
Therefore Jesus said, “Watch therefore, and know the times, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.
The Word of God is not only for Christians, but for all the people of the world because it is spoken by God, and has the power to be useful in teaching and correcting the lives of others. man is man in this world.
On the other hand, the VC said that this is only the allocation of funds from NEHU and not through the UG, C because until now the UGC has not given the recognition to this campus. The government has banned all universities from opening new campuses.
His wife's wealth is estimated at Rs 16.57 crore. Therefore, many of those who are fighting for the seats in power have already become rich. I have never seen or heard of it in the past.
When asked about the MPDA's arrest, the SP said that he was arrested under the MPDA for his involvement in illegal activities such as car thefts, pandal Puja and others. “It may be that he didn't do it himself but he has a responsibility if others do it which may be the incentive for them to send someone else to do it,” said Bah Kharkrang.
Shillong: Congress Leader Zenith M Sangma on Tuesday said that the talks on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya should continue. expect that once the meeting is held, the border will not be resolved.
Police of West Jaintia Hills from Soo-Mer to Phramer have tried to send vehicles in lines without facing each other to avoid the traffic jam but when they reached the places where there are no police, they fled like runners. There was a collision near Rajasthan Hotel, Hynniawmer and one at Ladrymbai which collided with another vehicle while trying to get ahead.
Bah Pius Ranee, Executive Director, NESFAS said that what mankind does should be done in such a way that it does not damage the environment.
“Jagatsinghpur Superintendent of Police Rahul PR said they will also seek the assistance of the State Forensic Science Laboratory to examine the equipment attached to the legs of the parrot,” the source said. message.
Sakshi Dhoni is from Dehradun, Uttarakhand.
He said that the Medical College will be operational soon with 350 beds this year and the College has completed all the requirements according to the requirements of the National Medical Council for the first batch of MBBS students. The Government of Meghalaya has not issued a no objection certificate.
In the last quarter final match between Umrynjah Presbyterian and Nongkwar Sec School, no one could score until the end of the first half which led to the tie-break. breaker.
Therefore, they are brave and do not dare to express it in front of the people who are still attached to their traditional custom of counting the number of children from their mother, while there are still some from their own family who are still reluctant to change.
In another match, East Garo Hills DCA managed to beat all the wickets of North Garo Hills DCA in the match by 19 runs. in Zone 2.
Speaking on the occasion, MP Shillong, Ma Vincent H.Pala, congratulated the Presbytery Mawdem for organizing this tournament for creating opportunities to raise funds for many. He also promised to work together to achieve these goals of the Mawdem Presbytery.
The youth, who is from Madanrtiang village in Namdong area, was arrested and when questioned by the police, he said that he was sent by God to preach at the Niamtre.
Furthermore, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has informed the public that if they want to know more about these Web Portals for the youth of the North East They can also search through the website www.advancingnortheast.
In the final of the women's category, Amlarem Government LP School beat Padu United FC 3-0 by tie breaker.
However, it is surprising that before signing the soskular, the government did not invite the Syiems and Nongsynshar Shnongs to verify by signing proper documents.
Khraw said that under the Public Information Act, it is clear that in the proceedings of the 24th meeting of the 19th Rajya Sainik Board meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, it was clear that the army You can find land in these areas by meeting or talking personally with the village authorities.
However, by accepting the shortcomings of the State, we will not be able to bring about change.
Shillong, July 30: Accidents especially on the Upper Shillong roads are frequent and most of the accidents are caused by drunkenness and fights inside the vehicle.
In the middle of sleep she dreamed.
The fourth is that there are Hima patki who maintain the religion and customs in their own districts and villages.
There are others who are still alive and living in this world but they have grown old like him.
Speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony, he said, “Any development works that come in my constituency will not happen without my knowledge in these five years.
He said that the group will continue to monitor until the rights of Bah Che are obtained.
Soon there were fewer and fewer.
Containment areas are places or areas that are closed or closed, or prohibited from entering.
Tens of thousands of vehicles and trucks have gathered in the Canadian capital, demanding a complete suspension of the vaccination against covid and other strict measures. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) reported that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
“Through these great achievements in the field of education by which the youth have acquired knowledge in many fields of employment, St.Anthony's College has made a great contribution. for the development of the country," he said.
The death of the army chief was confirmed by Ukraine yesterday.
It is on these grounds that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has explained that it cannot accept this soskular.
“When we look at the Umngot River, we as the children of Hynniewtrep cannot help but remember its sacredness or divinity according to ancient legends.
On the other hand, Lamlynti managed to turn the tide through Pynche Khyllait in the 60th minute before suffering their second defeat in the tournament.
“He said that in the past few years, the government has tried to introduce a scientific approach to identify the skills needed to help improve the income of the state and to preserve it for the future.
Speaking to reporters recently, Sanaullah said there were no such allegations as admitted by Imran Khan.
The Durbar Shnong has handed over to some households in the village who have handed over to other households for 4 years.
Work started in November 2018 and was completed in July
The body of the policeman is from Assam and they are completing the necessary procedures and once completed they will hand over the body to his family members to take him to his home in Assam. .
He added that they have worked to ensure that there will be a mutual understanding and exchange of culture between the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia.
“Regarding the talk about Manipur, Rahul says that the protests in Manipur have been going on since the BJP came to power, but he has forgotten that his family has not known or come. Please visit the North East to help us.
Nongpoh: Expressing her anger over the government's neglect of a road which is essential for the people of Raid Nongtung, known as Block-2, on Saturday, the A group of several political parties, together with the residents of the area, held a public meeting at Mawlasnai village, in order to convey their demand to the government, to immediately improve the road. road from Liarbang to Thadrang.
The village council would like to thank the FKJGP Pommura Unit for taking the initiative to hold a public awareness campaign and rally on the evils of alcohol which has brought the concern of the parents. , youths who came out to the Dorbar to support the ban on kyiad which has been fully implemented now and the village congratulates the women, youths and parents who came out and worked hard to protect the village it creates for the good of the community and society.
MR said that other colleges affiliated to NEHU whether belonging to the state government or private colleges those students studying in such colleges do not have to write this examination.
The people, especially those with low income, have already been put on the list of rich candidates how to extort them with money.
Another woman has lodged a complaint with the police about the involvement of the same robber in kidnapping and attempting to rape her, but somehow she escaped from the hands of the robber. 13 years.
Eating rice has many health benefits because it helps to strengthen the body, prevents obesity, prevents blood pressure, cancer, Alzheimer's, Diuretic and Digestive Qualities, improve metabolism, get good skin.
Swami Divyaswarup-Anandaji Maharaj, Centre-In-Charge, concluded the meeting by congratulating all the participants and recalling the words of Swami Vivekananda in Khasi and English.
This thapbalong sprouts for 10 or 12 days, and after that it spreads on the plants or on the stalks of rice.
On the other hand, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui promised that he will take care of this issue and will do whatever he can to help Baikam village which is inhabited by these Khasi Pnars to become part of Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Shnongs need to be very vigilant and take action on this issue which can seriously affect the community.
The crash was severe, but the driver was stranded in the middle of the night and is understood to have sustained serious injuries.
Many science-related innovations by scientific institutions, line departments and grass root innovators were also present during the two-day programme.
The election will witness the increase of 1.8 crore young voters to take part in the polls for the first time in their lives.
He also killed another son by another wife and killed many Hasmonians just because he suspected that they were plotting against him.
Ms. B.Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, explained on the theme of the day which is “Creating Hope Through Action”.
However, we cannot say whether there will be a change if the train comes to East Jaintia,” he added.
The MLA scheme was born in Meghalaya in 1993 and was launched by former Chief Minister Brington Buhai Lyngdoh.
Furthermore, the contract teachers who have taught in government schools, but who have been dismissed later, have vowed to hold a strike to demand that the government should re-employ them.
In fact, he had planned to leave on the same day, but due to lack of flight tickets, he had to leave the next morning on the 28th of June.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) is deeply saddened by the presence of people who are trying to take advantage of the protest called by various political parties on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the State.
There are no deceitful deceitful deeds, change the meaning of receiving forgiveness from God before the final punishment of God on this earth.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Thomlin Khongthohrem, their success in maintaining cleanliness is that they have been able to convince all the residents to clean up the village. grew up in addition to the cleaners the town puts on every day.
Meanwhile, the daily needs of the people such as drinking water, electricity and roads are still very scarce,” he said.
The Chief Minister's statement came on a motion tabled by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on the problems faced by the miners in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the owner of Tyngshaiñ's house, Bah Bran Shadap, said that at night while he was coming to church, when he reached near the house, someone told him that his house had been destroyed. show is not Nepali.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEC) in Delhi has announced that the 19th March 2024 will be the polling day scheduled by the Election Commission of India. bun on Friday.
The awards ceremony will be held only for those youths from Sohiong, Rangshken, Nongkseh, Weilyngkut, Nongbsap, Umsaw/Marpna and Mawmaram.
Elect MLAs who are true leaders, Peace, Development and Life will begin to flourish.
Sarding Thabah was elected as the Organizing Secretary, Batskhem Nongtraw, Banteibha Nongkhlaw, Kombor Khyriem and Lumlang Langstieh as the Publicity Secretary.
Furthermore, as part of the project 20 large-scale farmers markets have been built.
He said that even the volunteers of this group do not have their own homes, they still have to stay away but they have the spirit to help.
In our spiritual life too, we have the Key to open our lives and that is God, who is Jesus Christ our Lord.
The organization, which visited the family, has also tried its best to encourage and console the family.
We understand the feelings, of course the people are sad at this time and that is why there have been riots in different places but all these things have disappeared,” said Conrad.
The work of mynder ri and khyllah jait is not a dream but a reality of life and death.
Shillong, June 03: The Dorbar Shnong Diengpasoh Pyllun on Tuesday demanded that the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) should apologize and clarify the allegations that have spread against the village.
The incident happened near the BSF camp called Lamasaki and about 500 meters away from the BSF camp. Chiang Dkhar is from Umkiang village and Rahul Pohtam, a friend of Lumsohski, who escaped from the scene, was also present at the scene. It is suspected that the perpetrators of the robbery are Bangladeshis. to steal from the lands of the Khasi Pnars.
There are currently three judges in the Meghalaya High Court besides Thangkhiew, Chief Justice Mir and Justice Sen.
This is in response to a letter sent by the General Secretary of the VPP to the CEO of Meghalaya to recall the votes in the 20-Mylliem (ST) Assembly Constituency.
It was during these years that the British Government appointed a Political Agent in charge at that time, David Scott.
Government Boys Higher Secondary School has received 20 first division students and 10 second division students.
Birbol Riangtem, leader of the contract teachers, said that the strike has reached three days, but the government has not said anything about them. decided to continue this hunger strike.
Jowai July 27.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of KSU Central Body.
Jaitley, 66, said he had traveled to the United States for a post-mortem after undergoing treatment for his kidney last year.
Former Mawlai MLA and MDC Embhah Syiemlieh, on Tuesday, said that the leaders of the UDP Mawlai unit did not turn away from Process T Sawkmie, but it was because of the corruption in the party. He said this while welcoming Embhah Syiemlieh and his supporters who have joined the National People's Party (NPP). The National People's Party (NPP) held a meeting on Saturday at Mawdatbaki Indoor Dorbar Hall.
He said that as an MLA of this area he has done well for his constituency by bringing many development works in the village and urged this constituency to give their support. u during the election so that he can bring about development in this village.
He said that his wife used to dream of winning gold medals.
Until the sky was clear, he began to sleep.
Ms Renuka Thakur2
The players will be selected for the All India Inter University Championship
The incident was filmed by one of the group, Michael, who said it was the most terrible incident he had ever experienced in his life. his.
Therefore, regarding the presence of such shops selling spoiled food, I urge the relevant authorities to take the necessary action to ban the presence of such shops. sell spoiled food and in order to avoid any unfortunate incidents.
He said that the land dealers in the Municipal Areas should register themselves with the CEO of the SMB, while the land dealers in the outside Municipal Areas should register themselves with the Deputy Commissioners of the SMB. that district.
All remaining projects are expected to be completed by July 30,
The distribution of these items was attended by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma L Kynjing and employees of the Supply Department, Rtn.
He recalled that in the past, most of the people went to school without knowing where it would lead, but one of the elders who has reached a higher rank and become a judge. As a government officer, he understands that education is precious, so he encourages the young children, children and students that schooling is very important. especially in this modern age.
Therefore, the union urges the office of the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this issue for the safety of the people.
In Shillong, as part of the start of the drill, the Deputy Controller, Shillong will sound a siren to signal that the earthquake has struck and the areas identified for the earthquake will be sounded. The mock exercise will include Polo and the road from Polo to Wahingdoh, Polo Super Market, shops around Polo area, Hotel Polo Towers, SBI, Polo and MeCEL, Lumjingshai, Samkhamti Petrol Pump, Urkaliar, Female. Health Worker, School of Nursing and School of Nursing, TTC, Ganesh Das Government Hospital, Lawmali, St.Xavier's School, Polo Pynthorumkhrah Golflink Secondary School and Shillong Secondary School, Forest Colony.
The signs of cleanliness are health, beauty, the disappearance of anger when there is no smell and to avoid the spread of germs and to avoid defiling oneself and others.
Perhaps somehow it will be soul food for you, if not all too.
It may be recalled that before this, the completion of the Leh Niam Ïewduh here in Khlieh Ïewduh, was in the midst of garbage, filth and filth.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi, led by Samla Shemphang Masharing, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, today met with Arpit Upadhaya, Deputy Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and Chairman of the District Selection Committee of Ri Bhoi District, to clarify on the delay in the release of the DSC Results. 2021-2022.
After receiving a tip, BSF troops from 181 Battalion have seized 3,100 bottles of Phensedyl which was smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of West Garo Hills. Hills.
FKJGP leaders from Bah Dundee C Khongsit President, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang Vice President have made it clear that the railway line should not come to the state and the CM should not force the state government to build and bring in the railway line. The ILP is not a law protected by the authorities in the state.
They have brought honor not only to the village but especially to the South West Khasi Hills District by leading the Women Volleyball Tournament of the 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Dahunbeit I Passah, also known as Nimi, resident of Chutwakhu, Jowai, passed away on 28th June
The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhek Committee from Amritsar led by Paramjit Singh, Additional Secretary and members of the Committee Sardar Harpal Singh, Sardar Bhagawant Singh and Simarjit Singh requested the State Government to look into the issue. decided that they intended to move the Harijans to a certain place.
The EJTODA Union has taken the initiative to support Yoowanki after he has faced many difficulties in driving which has led to the need to meet the demands of his family.
From a young age he showed that he was very intelligent.
Shillong: U Rajya Sabha MP from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Rakesh Sinha today announced that he has taken over the whistling village of Kongthong. the state.
According to a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong, Sohphoh Mutshwa Thabah, the curfew has been imposed by the Borshnong following the spread of COVID-19 across the state.
Berrenice Anerict Tang and Kamphereiei Pala who came third and fifth in the First Ten Position in the HSSLC of the MBoSE were also honored. with a certificate scheme.
In a complaint sent to the Returning Officer, the three said, 'On the 18th June, 2023 at about 10:00 pm at the Common Platform held for all the candidates of INC candidate Bah Marbud Dkhar has accused us of being bought by NPP candidate Teiborlang Pathaw. your lies are against us.
The MLA, who also donated to the Seng Samla for the organization of this tournament, urged it to continue to organize various sports events so that it can also promote the tournament. society and the nation as a whole.
Apparently, there were 55 children who attended the examination.
He said that the place where the child was shot and injured was a deserted house.
“The distribution of rice has not yet been implemented and it is still time to distribute because they have not received the summary of income,” said Bah PM Syiem.
Obram Sumer scored 18', Sam Wan Sumer 26' and Jekisai Shullai 57'.
Furthermore, the lack of counting of the people who walk and stand to throw garbage on the roads and in the rivers as well, has polluted these rivers.
On 21st November 2021, the Sports Council of Meghalaya has invited a tender for the construction of the Tirot Sing Bhavan on the site of the famous sports stadium in the city, the Tirot Sing Indoor. Stadium.
In East Jaintia Hills, 29 persons were arrested from two checkpoints in Ratacherra and Lumshnong.
In another incident, Shuma Raha was invited for an interview at the Taj Bengal in Kolkata in 1995 and said, “When I arrived at the hotel, he sent me upstairs, but I had to sit in bed. and I don't agree at all,” said Raha.
ADC Bah M.Diengdoh and AEC Nongstoin were also present.
The crematorium team spent more time to complete the crematorium at Muallian, East Jaintia Hills where they discovered a new crematorium called ETB and continued to explore Rynjang Crematorium (Ret Dung Khur and Krem). Pynoh Water Sngad.
He said that the police will ensure that the peace and order should not be disturbed.
The Waheh Shnongs and KSU of Narpuh, have vowed that if the NHAI does not follow these rules to repair the road, they will take action to close down the toll gate. “We can't allow anymore because we have been allowed to beat too much, this action of the government and NHAI has forced us to “If the government and NHAI don't do anything, we will take another step,” said Bah KS Suchiang.
Also present at the meeting were former Bajengdoba MLA Johnmanner Marak, Dr WR Kharlukhi, former Rajya Sabha MP Thomas Sangma, TD Shira, Conrad Sangma and other party leaders.
After the speech of the Sordar Shnong, a speech was delivered by Bah RG Momin who was the Chief Guest, in which he said that the youth these days need to pursue their education, because when they work for anything businesses if they do not have education will not be able to develop.
Wisdom without God produces many wicked demons.
There were discussions on this issue where the speakers said that the newspapers should pay more attention to monitoring the incidents that affect the lives and livelihoods of the people especially in the rural areas.
“In the past five years I have not been able to do much, but this time if the people give me the victory I will do more,” he said.
The union also said that the lack of transformer is a problem for the residents of Jaintia Hills every time there is natural disaster while the smart meter will count the electricity bill even if the residents do not get even electricity.
From these pHs mentioned above, we the people and especially the farmers should understand how the trees or hills cause many problems in agriculture.
On the issue of coal mining, the Prime Minister said, “I don't want to say anything because this issue is subjudice and if I say anything it will not be for me”.
Shillong: The Chairman of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL), Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA, has taken the initiative to rehabilitate the oldest government factory in the state.
The order stipulates that these places should be places where the wind enters and leaves freely and it is recommended that they be held in open spaces and that there should be no wind. ; The venue should be sufficient for the participants to sit at a distance of two meters from each other and the venue should be inspected by a person appointed by the District authorities and The names of those who should attend the registration should also be indicated.
This program reminds everyone that they will benefit if the villagers practice Yoga every day.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in his speech congratulated the producers of this film in Pnar and at the same time it will also be an opportunity to employ the youth in the field of filmmaking.
Shillong, Iaiong 27 : In a tragic incident, a young businessman who called to He was stabbed in the head and near the shyllag mat until he was seriously injured and survived.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Meghalaya Eco Friendly Students Union (MEFSU) today met with the Minister in charge of Forests, Prestone Tynsong. The Meghalaya Forest Amendment Act, 2012 has expressed concern over the meaning of the word forest.
The lack of schools participating in the tournament is due to the lack of timely information and also due to the lockdown in the past two years. The teachers don't have time to hold sports in their schools because many of the subjects that the students have to complete have been delayed.
How sad it is that we can witness the negligence and incompetence of this Government especially in relation to the settlement of the border between the state and Assam in causing tragic incidents in the areas. our borders at all times.
All tourists and visitors are requested to join hands as a sign of support to the Elaka.
Therefore, the Union understands that if anyone claims to be a Khasi for personal gain, it is illegal and they cannot claim that they have the right to a Khasi Schedule Tribe Certificate or a reservation. It has been allocated only for STs as for filing nomination papers from reserved seats.
There are some of the Rangbah Shnongs who don't fall into the power of money but there are some Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Dongs who used to be with me until the month of July, but only when the month comes out. Suddenly they too changed,” and added, “I was terrified and shocked.
Therefore, on this basis, the union strongly condemns the District authorities and at the same time the union will monitor and seek more information through RTI, so that all the facts will be revealed and to ensure the rights of those youths from Ri Bhoi, concluded the statement.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Mawphniang said that in fact the government should have implemented this Act for a long time but due to the lack of responsibility of the government, this Act has been implemented. for the farmers, it has remained in the fields without implementation until today.
Dr Mawthoh said that since 24th July, when he was on his way to Umdihar, Ri-Bhoi, he saw a line of trucks parked on the other side of the road. He has spoken to the DC of Nongpoh, Pooja Pandey to take action.
It is learned that the reason why doctors do not want to go to the rural areas is because they face problems in the road, the area and other factors which make them hesitate to go to the rural areas. rural areas.
On the 23rd June 2017, the Leaders of Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang in the presence of Bah Y. Lyttan, SDO PWD Road, National Highway Division. The Seng has demanded that the PWD Department should immediately order the cleaning of the Upper Shillong Road by the Dhar Construction Company. Company Dhar Construction should repair the damaged parts but the union has stipulated that the PWD Department should not waste the money of the State Government to cover the cost of construction. All this happened because of the negligence of the Company.
Shillong: There have been 438 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Up to 454 MPs supported the Bill while two MPs opposed it.
He was speaking on the shooting death of seven people on 22nd November in Mukroh by the Assam police.
The Dorbar has decided to lodge a complaint with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri against the police for throwing water at vehicles and also for bombing and shooting at the people.
However, Bah Mitchell said that the group's wish is to set up a testing center at Khlieh Ïew as this is the place where the fish are brought in and all the goods that come from all over the country come. in the Head of Judah.
Compared to the price of rice in other years, it can be sold at the price of 40 to 45 tyngka per kilo.
In the U17 Cadet Championship, the wrestlers won two Gold and four Bronze medals.
The KSU Delhi would like to urge the public to be vigilant and aware when sending their children to work or study abroad. They should also take responsibility for themselves in case of any incident especially when they are far from their village.
He congratulated the Pynursla constituency for electing the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, despite many oppositions of the people.
However, both the teams lost their chance to reach the semi final.
Out of the 11 teams, Shillong Lajong are at the bottom of the table.
The government said that about 18 teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and 12 teams of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) have already been deployed in the districts of Devbhumi Dwarka, Rajkot, Jamnagar, Junagadh, Porbandar, Gir Somnath, Morbi and Valsad to implement them if necessary at any time.
The government committee, which was constituted separately, refused to accept the father's complaint, saying it did not have enough evidence to allege against the covishield injection.
If the NE itself is destroyed, we have to forget all this”.
The poet means here that the desire for deceit, the desire for selfishness, the desire for physical gain and the desire for all kinds of evils is more intense among the children of the rich and the poor. a thousand men, and three great sons.
By following these guidelines, the Dorbar Shnong hopes to prevent any tragic incident and to preserve the Wah.
Johanan Shullai, also known as Bat Man, was arrested at 12:30 pm and 23 injection needles were seized from him. 0.12 grams of heroin along with T.1.15 lakh.
Shillong, March 19: The Traffic Police Department has announced that the following roads will be declared as traffic ban areas due to the Puja from the 20th to the 23rd of this month.
Two of the three batsmen fell to Ankita while Bimala Thakur took another for 1/1
He congratulated and encouraged all the teams to have a spirit of play when they are on the field so that the game will be interesting.
Thirteen bodies were recovered from the scene, India Today NE reported. The names of the dead are still unknown.
Various NGOs can also send their comments in writing to the district office of the party or to the party office in the state.
Furthermore, the order states that 50 percent of food, hardware, electrical shops and 20 percent of other shops including clothes, mobile and spare parts shops are allowed to open under the supervision of the Durbar Chnong/Market Committee. people to move from one district to another.
The Government should understand and take action on how these two head offices will be held by one or more Officers.
Shullai said that the Council has sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong on July 19 regarding this.
It is the spirit of Christ, the spirit of struggle, and this spirit of struggle exists in the political world, in the business world, in the religious world, even among those who call themselves they are Christians.
The people from Tamil Nadu, who left Chennai on 14th June 2020, arrived at Guwahati Railway Station on 16th June January 2020.
“Compared to other states, the attendance is very low.
In the second half, both the teams played very well and tried their best to score the first goal but with a fierce match between the two teams. The two teams drew 1-1 until the end of the second half and until the end of the penalty half, the Union of Samla Laitlynting LYNGKYRDEM scored the first goal of the match. Nongjri Youth FC beat 1-0 in the tie breaker.
In a letter to the Central Government, according to a statement released by the Government, the Prime Minister expressed his concern and the need to bring peace and stability in Garo Hills.
According to sources from the Ri Bhoi Police, the robbers have broken the door of the house and some of the documents of the house.
Pity those who campaign for the candidates.
“I am pleased that the government has sent both the Khasi and Garo languages ​​for recognition.
The method of planting rice in Khasi-Jaintia is also very different from the method of planting rice in Dkhar and Sepngi.
The victim was identified as Chiang Dhar, aged 50, while the survivor was identified as Rahul Pohtam.
I am confident that all these objectives will be equal to the achievement of the objectives of the Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch.
Chhattisgarh : The total number of voters in the state has reached 2,03,80,0
“If the central government allocates funds to build a university or a central jail, I will personally inspect to ensure that the construction of them will be stable,” he said.
Deborah, who has won several MLA seats from Williamnagar, said she will contest against the NPP in the upcoming elections and hopes that the victory will come to the Congress against NPP MLA Marcuise. Great.
The death toll in the United Kingdom in the past 24 hours has risen to 621, bringing the total to 28,131 and the number of new cases to 4,8 The number of cases in the country has risen to 180,0
There is no one who does not respect his own race.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the new policy will be launched on 14th October.
The arrest of two youths in Rameshwaram, Bengaluru in connection with a bomb blast has revealed that Islamic State militants in Iraq and ISIS or IS in the Levant are planning to expand their attacks. of India, said a source who came from the intelligence agency officials.
He said that the KSU has awarded the students as part of the KSU's efforts to encourage them to recognize and become the weapons of the nation. .
In these days, it has been seen in the media that the government will take action to increase the salary of the 4th teachers in the state, but the SSA teachers under the banner of AMSSASTA do not trust. RC Laloo's verbal promises to increase the salaries of 4th teachers in the state because it already knows that they are only to deceive the teachers, AMSSASTA does not trust until it receives those salaries. Black and White (Black and White).
Conrad has changed the Continuous Process just to mislead the political parties and civil society to say that it is no longer a retrospective but those who are more intelligent understand that this change is still a retrospective. We are surprised that the UDP, HSPDP and Congress have joined in this arrangement of the NPP,” said a statement from KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah.
At the same time, the residents of Mawlai are invited to contact the Deputy Commissioner of District Labour. , Lachumiere Shillong, lane phone -Bah R.W.Wahlang (Deputy Commissioner Labour)- 9436335090, Bah Mike Nongbet (Inspector Labour)-9774672079, Bah SD Khongwir (Chairman Mawlai Town Dorbar) – 7344.
However, he finally confessed that he wanted and wanted to be a child again and again to experience those happy and joyful events when he was a child in Sohra.
However, Nangkiew Irat scored 10 goals through Prashant Chettri in the 84th minute.
Makdoh, President of RBSU, Samla Everjoy Nongpluh, Working President of RBSU, Samla Amberlight Masharing, Head Mistress of Kyrdem Higher Secondary School and other RBSU officials and leaders. More than 15 schools from Eastern Ri Bhoi District have taken part in the RBSU, which started today after the opening ceremony by Umroi MLA, Bah George B.Lyngdoh. before the students participated in various games held during these three days.
The Christmas celebrations for the poor, which Mother Anne first started, continue at Christmastime to this day.
the desires are – sin.
The Speaker of the Children's Assembly, Timothi D Shira, will announce the date in the Assembly on Tuesday.
The three of us have gone to the Meghalaya government and after discussions, three times we have been able to convince MUDA that the powers given to MUDA in these areas which we call scheduled areas, have been brought back to them. the district council.
It is important not only to conduct a thorough investigation but also to punish those who harass and intimidate non-indigenous peoples.
From the ninth round, he was paid Rs 5 crore and in the 13th round, he was paid Rs 13 crore per week.
They said that the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit is one of the oldest in the state and has now reached 32 years.
Bino Phawa scored the first goal for Mukhaialong SC in the 67th minute.
At the end of the day, it is a victory for NECDC,” said Bhattacharjee.
?" She asked again. “I don't understand that because you're still with me... Why should I sleep?
The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District has arrested a suspected drug dealer, Aiyesha Khatoon alias Pahari from ISBT, Mawïong.
The team took a 3-0 lead in the 26th minute through Jyoti Chhatri.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 10: The three-month public awareness campaign on HIV/AIDS by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) came to an end on Saturday in collaboration with the authorities of Eastern Province. Jaintia Hills District and the office of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) and other departments.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle has alleged that the death of fish was caused by the fishing by bombs in parts of the Umngoh River in Padu village.
Vehicles going up and down the road were stopped on both sides of the road and even ambulances were parked along with public vehicles.
Thieves, murderers, murderers, who do not love what is good, but love only evil and do not listen to the good things in this life. They speak one thing, they are good, but they sell their neighbors with false words to destroy them.
Close your mouth before you eat.
The Prime Minister on Tuesday visited the affected villages in West Garo Hills and visited the Koinadubi Bridge connecting Megadop and Tibapara villages which was damaged by the floods. .
They will also speak with local media.
The Government shall therefore explain its intention before the Court through the Advocate General of the State.
Pastor JM Nongpluh said he received half a football field in 2010 on top of the Golflink and Bah H War of the Presbyterian Golflink said they received 100 square meters of land. A Rngaid of the Mawpat Church said they received half an acre of land in Mawroh in 2012 and JD Kharkongngor of the Seventh Day said they received half an acre of land in Mawroh in Rev DS Myrthong of Pentecost Church, Golflink, said that they received 20,000 sq feet of land in 2011 in Lumshyiap and Pastor P Shangdiar of Christ. Disciple Church said they received 10,000 sq feet in 2010 in Mawroh and PG Lamare of St Dominic Savio, Mawlai said they received about 10 acres of land in Law Syiem, Mawroh.
" The first mat prohibits anyone from going beyond the law.
On this occasion, many churches expressed their gratitude.
It was also a successful work of the federation which witnessed the ability to create history in this sport when two players of the country, Sajan Prakash and Srihari Nataraj, were able to reach the top. A Qualifying Standard for their selection for the 2021 Tokyo Olympics.
“Although those who have already received both doses of the vaccine can still get the disease, from the following figures, we can see that the vaccine reduces the risk of getting the disease.
He said that the people of Nongkrem know from head to toe the character of the three candidates from this constituency who have been MLAs from 1983 to 2008, bah Lambor Malngiang 2003-2008 and Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit 2008 to
Shillong, July 29:The Seng Kur of Mei-sin and its children will honor Dr. TM Hynniewta who has been recognized as one of the 100 scientists to be honored in the world for .
“Singh said green hydrogen has the potential to accelerate the transformation of the electricity sector in India.
Banerjee said Conrad Sangma is afraid to see a new government for a short time to work for the development of the people of the state as a whole.
Maharashtra has 85,975 cases, followed by Tamil Nadu with 30,152, Delhi with 28,936, Gujarat with 20,097 and Rajasthan with 10,5
“We have requested the government to fight for the recovery of these 18 villages of Raid Nontung of Hima Khyrim which have been forcibly transferred to Assam because we as residents want to be in Assam. Meghalaya,” said Blikstar Sohtun, Chairman of the Union.
The King of the Jews, their Messiah, was hidden from the Jews so that they did not recognize him, did not understand what the prophet Zechariah had prophesied, even though they saw and laughed but did not recognize or accept. and that he was the King of the Jews, their Messiah.
Meanwhile, Mohammedan Sporting Club, Shillong Lajong, opened the I-League against Aizawl FC 2-1
The phrase 'man is the planner of his future'- has a meaning behind it".
Therefore, this is only for the benefit of a few and not for the benefit of many,” said Pala.
However, even if the large factories which the government still owes tens of crores, the government will listen.
"India, ranked 60th in the FIFA rankings, have been included alongside Japan, Vietnam and Uzbekistan in the second round.
Rai, 20, from Pynthorumkhrah, who is studying at the college, was involved in the theft of mobile phones of the students and was taken for further investigation.
He said that the Mynkjai garbage dump is located between many villages including Mawpud, Mawstem Pynthor, Somanong, Umsohlang. The residents have repeatedly expressed their opposition and demanded that this garbage dump should not be set up in this area.
He said that this distribution of knup to the farmers is part of the support to the farmers and to encourage the farmers in the area.
The presence of such people who sell illegal drugs in the village has led to the spread of crime and this poses a serious threat to the society especially to the youth of the village.
The Deputy Commissioner, who is also the Chairman of the District Rural Development Agency, West Jaintia Hills District, has informed all the residents of the district that the Aadhaar Enrollment is specially for children aged 0- 6 years, youth, poor women and breastfeeding women who receive assistance under the ICDS Scheme has started from
Furthermore, according to section 126 (i) (b) of the RPA Act 1951, any publication of the election including the results is prohibited for about 48 hours, which is the last hours of polling. news source.
Today, although the Congress MDCs have admitted that they support the Executive Committee (EC) of the The PDA led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem of the PDF with the aim of blocking the attempt to overthrow the NPP. However, at the same time, he denied that this move in KHADC is to encourage the parties in the MDA coalition government to shake the government.
And when we enter the beautiful cities of Shillong or other cities of India and we come to many temptations.
The President spoke on the importance of Integrated Command and Control Centers (ICCCs) in smart cities and said that all 100 smart cities have ICCCs which take decisions using data. .
He said that after a few months, a group suddenly appeared against the parking yard and for many reasons, they showed that this is not that, not that, not that, but with respect. The officers, who are in charge of the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, have arranged their own work to avoid any problems of the residents of the area and the work has gone smoothly.
On the other hand, Dolloi Waheh Puramon Kynjing, Chief Religious Officer of the Elaka, said that the purpose of the religious ceremony on this day is that the children of the Raij of the village show respect and respect to the Bei. Rymaw which has poured out blessings to mankind in all aspects and on this day according to the religious rules the children of the Raij are not allowed to work, harm or do any work by destroying and destroying the fire. nature and its surroundings.
In the first leg, Umrynjah beat Laitlulong SC 4-0 with Malvern Lyngkhoi scoring two goals to earn six points from two games.
Please, Paruid, take a picture of my youngest son.
The statement said that they have decided to support Grace Mary Kharpuri, who hopes to reach the goal and is fighting for the PDF. riewlum, we have been defeated three times, because we have split and formed many national parties.
My parents were very happy to send me to buy a bill. Suddenly, when I was 40 years old, I was a young man.
Even today we see in the newspapers the Opposition's handshake on the Ruling.
I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly" (Jer. 4:23-25).
“If they are not in office but go to speak at political party meetings, doesn't this have any effect,” asked the Chief Justice.
The final of the tournament will be held on 17th November at the R.Premadasa Stadium in Colombo.
Meanwhile, Bah Balajied, who is running for the election, appealed to the people to fully support and win him the election and promised to follow in the footsteps of his father and fight for the development and prosperity of the people. You are in this constituency.
According to the government, East Khasi Hills has 774 LPs, 1392 UPs, West Khasi Hills 660 LPs, 852 UPs, South West Khasi Hills 616 LPs, 495 UPs. , East Jaintia Hills 470 LP, 267 UP, Ri-Bhoi 662 LP, 546 UP, East Garo Hills 390 LP, 445 UP, North Garo Hills 250 LP, 357 UP, West Garo Hills 890 LP, 918 West Garo Hills, UP 262 LP, 348 UP, and South Garo Hills have 512 LP teachers and 693 teachers in UP schools.
An FIR has been lodged by the brother of the Waheh Shnong, Chelang Lyngdoh.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma demanding that the government should withdraw the decision on the increase in the price of petrol and diesel. the state.
“We will allow them to ask for clarification and give their opinions so that we can move forward,” he added.
After scoring 10 goals, the match became more intense and Fullmooon Mukhim received a red card, so Meghalaya had less players and Manipur had more chances.
The meeting was held on the 18th of this month at the EJNC headquarters in Khliehriat.
Shillong, March 23: The Finance Department of the Meghalaya Government has issued an order that the travel expenses of officers and temporary appointees to the Chief Minister will be paid from the Chief Minister Secretariat. .
When a parent dies, all the children who have a relationship are the daughters who carry the same burden.
As you know, voting is a personal matter and no one knows who it is and so there will be a saying...elections are elections.
She made her world debut after competing in the AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship in the United States, where she won a silver medal in the 48 kg weight category.
Many parents of children are still worried about the promotion of their children this year because of the age of the children. you will grow as the year goes by.
Mawphor spoke by telephone with the Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India, Anand Singh Chauhan. He said that the construction of this bridge is progressing well and will soon be completed within 40-45 days.
Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma stood up and asked who has the authority to answer these questions in the House. When asked how the Legal Metrology Department has responded, the Minister replied that since the question has been asked to the Department, Renikton has responded.
What does the word “Kñi” mean in the beliefs and systems of us Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, War or Lyngngam and so on?
“These three persons were arrested on 8th June, and the driver of the truck has been temporarily suspended and placed in quarter guard,” said BSF IG Pradip Kumar. .
Referring to the work of the Sohiong MLA, Synshar said he does not want to say anything regarding the work of the former MLA, but he will follow up on the work. those who are still waiting for Don (who is not at the door of God) to begin.
Revelation 9:1
There are four candidates for the Tura parliamentary constituency, including NPP candidate Agatha Sangma, Congress candidate Saleng A Sangma, TMC candidate Zenith Sangma and TMC candidate Zenith Sangma. candidate, Laban Ch Marak.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said, “On the 21st we have set a program and in fact we had planned to set a big program but because These rules and regulations that the government has imposed on all the residents will no longer be able to do as we have planned to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the independence of the state.
By driving from this place, the vehicles have now been able to go to Thana Road and no complaint has been received against this driving and no collision has occurred. new.
She said that the aim of the CSB is to preserve the indigenous seeds so that they do not disappear.
If you don't have the right addresses, this can happen and the phone number is not required when the letters are not required.
The competition is also a milestone for women who have the desire to enter the fields of modeling, acting or public speaking.
Although Summit Academy fought hard to score, Nangkiew players prevented them from getting chances to score.
The Working President of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Deborah Marak on July 10, 2013, said that the leaders of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) will soon visit Meghalaya to take a final decision on the list of candidates for the elections. election 2023.
He said that many of those who have been granted bail continue to commit this crime.
S.Suchen, expressed his gratitude to the Unit for celebrating this 10th Anniversary, recalled the history of the Khasi Students Union since 1978, said that in the course of time, He also gave words of encouragement to the members of the party and encouraged them. He also congratulated the KSU Tongseng Unit on their responsibility to serve the country and the nation, to serve their brothers and sisters. protect the region, as well as the country and nation.
The walk to Emmaus ends at supper when Cleopas and his companion caught hold of Jesus and begged him to stay with them. and that.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 17th June 2024 has renewed and confirmed the office bearers of the KSU Foundation Unit for the term 2024-2
Regarding the death of the police chief, the High Court said that there is no doubt that on the morning of 24th July, 2015, about 32 coal trucks, suspected of They were arrested at Patharkhmah Outpost.
“This Act is strongly against the relationship of our Hima, we are strongly against it because it does not relate to the customs and traditions of the Hima and on that basis, we as the children of the Hima, we “I came here to explain and explain that this action of the Syiem is very wrong,” said Bah Edira.
“What can be done to issue ID cards to us without any necessity,” said the President of the party. members even when we talk to the government many times for this purpose".
When inquiring about the cause of the accident, some of the residents said that it was due to the presence of a weigh bridge in the area.
The donation ceremony was led by the President of the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, the Secretary of the Association, Bah Michael Kharhunai and other members and cricketers. of this Association.
About 150 to 200 trucks carrying coal from the area have left for Bangladesh.
In this regard, SBYWA requests the MSPCB and the Forest Department and JHADC not to allow any coke plants in the area, said Samla S Shadap.
Therefore, for the decision of winner and loser, the organizers of the match, took to the tie breaker and it was there that the players of Ri Bhoi Police, managed to defeat PHE by 5-4 and won the title in the Office Workers' Tournament in Ri Bhoi.
The newspaper said that Rijiju's visit may have something behind the central government's intention to impose a curfew in the state which happens from time to time.
“According to him, this attempt to dissolve the party by some has upset many especially the people of the state who trust the work of the party.
Another issue is the creation of opportunities for young people who want to start their own businesses.
On the same day, the FSS will also showcase the talent of Liza Lyngdoh, a guitarist from Mawkyrwat who is currently teaching guitar in Bangalore.
If there is any complaint regarding the acquisition of this land, they may send their complaint within 60 (sixty) days from the date of publication of this Notification in accordance with section 15 of this Act. Additional Deputy Commissioner, (Revenue), i/c Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
I'll ask her to show me your house and she'll tell me, I'll leave.
He said that our youth have now improved in all aspects.
One of the deceased was from West Jaintia Hills District.
They also said that the government has already allocated funds for three major roads in Mawhati including the road from Liarbang to Sabuda which is about Rs 18.5 crore, the road from Khyndewso to Jingkieng Umkhen. 20 crore road at a cost of 10 km, and the Umsning to Sonidan 40 km road at a cost of Rs 114 crore will soon be completed.
Urea production in the country has increased from 225 LMT in 2014-15 to 250 LMT in 2021-2
The residents of the area yesterday under the banner of the Assam Meghalaya Killing Hydro Electrical Project (AJPMC) have requested the District Council to intervene with the Assam government to stop the project. .
Therefore thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD.
“On the part of the Assam government, we are conducting talks with Ulfa, NDFB, Dima Hasao Daogah and other rebel groups and even the state demand groups who have demanded Kamtapur, Karbi Anglong, Bodoland and others. We are doing the same to talk about development, unity and peace under the umbrella of Assam – as the people of Assam,” said Tarun Gogoi.
Please send it to news@gmail.com.
He said that as a party, they have worked hard and they want to see that they will be able to harvest the soh in the morning.
In a speech, Adityanath announced that the new airport will be named after Ram and the medical college will be named after Raja Dashrath, Ram's father. when he was in Ayodhya.
The B. Ed, a four-year course to train young teachers who wish to become teachers, will start this year at Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
“This cleanliness drive is to beautify the places that attract tourists to the state and also to set an example that we should take care of the unique heritage of the state,” he said. This is the statement of the Secretary of the club.
Perhaps the Khasi-Pnar are more intelligent than the Khasi Khynriam, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam! Therefore, if there are still those who have doubts about this, please forget it, so that unity will come ( unity).
With this victory, Seiñbhalang Shkentalang has set up a place to qualify for the upcoming Meghalaya State League.
The SSSU, East Jaintia Hills has extended its full support to all the KSU-EJH Unit which has come forward to protest against the deterioration of the NH-6 .
He said that West Jaintia Hills has 115 quarantine centres, 53 in Thadlakein Block, 28 in Laskein Block, 23 in Amlarem Block and 11 in Jowai.
Leaders of various political parties in Nepal on that day sent a message of condolences to the Prime Minister's House on their grief.
This was after Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the Sengbhalang after getting the seat has forgotten about nationalism.
The second day was a day for children and women.
Last month, Hema Malini said she would put pressure on the country if Modi did not come back to power.
Mohammedan will prepare for their first home match against Aizawl in Kolkata on the 29th of this month, before coming to Shillong to play against Shillong Lajong on the 3rd of November.
The residents are angry, unhappy and protest because the Soskular has nothing but to auction their land to Assam.
North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma also visited the affected villages.
Not only that, let's talk about the MTC department, which is one of the departments, which has wasted the money of the people, but it has been seen as getting a new vehicle and this is an attempt. The Meghalaya Housing Board, which is another department, is not very useful where its employees have complained about the lack of salary.
“Those who smuggle coal will be confiscated and prosecuted,” said Prestone.
“As agreed from the beginning, we will hold fast to that and we want the current EC to remain in power until the end of its five-year term,” said Prestone.
Many members of the police force have sacrificed their lives in this struggle, and as it is now, the situation has changed in the state where tourists from all over the country have flocked to the state. but because the police have worked hard.
“For our own happiness, we have to ensure that we run a government without the BJP,” he said.
Enough, poor, or rich, we all want we all need.
“It will be very difficult to get the land from the army and now it will be a pleasure that the Defense Ministry has agreed to give the land to the army from the Rhino Museum. “It is necessary to build a road to Umshyrpi to facilitate small vehicles from Laban constituency who want to go to Upper Shillong or Guwahati if there is traffic jam from the area of ​​101 and so on,” said Bah Sanbor. .
Happy Behdieñkhlam Happy Birthday To You All.
"I don't know how," said Daplin.
Next year, viewers will be able to see a new part of the film in which besides George, Brad Pitt and Matt Damon also star.
Boys HS School and North Liberty HS School in the Under-17 category have entered the final of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO), West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Regarding the opening of the Agri Lay-bye Market, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, praised the steps taken by the DC Ri Bhoi, in collaboration with the officers of DRDA and Horticulture.
He said that the JAC and the children of the thousands have expressed their hope that the KHADC will listen to this request and demand of the JAC and has also requested the Elaka Department to take action on this issue. it is the life and death of the Hima Sohiong as a whole.
Through this announcement, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner informs that the public can come in person during office hours from 12th to 16th November, 2022 at the office of the Additional District Magistrate P. .Cr.
“We are working together with the goal of making the state one of the top 10 states in the country in the next 10 years as the state has grown rapidly in terms of economic growth. " said the Prime Minister.
“The SRWP has to go through the Block and I always say regarding the schemes that if the people ask for RTI I am ready to accept because of the scheme I have received since the people elected me. In 2018 until now, I have been giving the MLA scheme in the heat and light and it is very clean for the implementation in this beloved Block.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The State Tobacco Control Cell (STCC) of Meghalaya has been recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) for its efforts to reduce tobacco consumption.
Wuhan residents say they distribute 500 candles every day to families who have lost loved ones from nine cemeteries and at the There are 3,500 distributions of dpei per day and the deadline is to receive all the dpei before 5th June 2020, as on that day, it will be the The Chinese Qing Ming Festival is the 12th day of the Chinese Qing Ming Festival.
In order to make the construction of the health center a success, Mr. Sniawbhalang and Mr. Ngaitlang also provided their full assistance to Mr. Rom Dhar.
It will also follow the example of the Umroi-Jorabad Expressway, which completely bypasses the congestion and overcrowding of Umsning.
The woman was arrested at 11 pm from her residence at PTS. Her husband is also in police custody for further investigation.
This means that the assistance should not be limited to 100 or 200 tyngka but should be according to the damage to the crops.
Some of the members of these SHGs have to turn to rnga burning as one of the means of survival.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the KSU, Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar, congratulated the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and all the members who have taken the responsibility to build this special event. This is a good example that even if we don't have enough wealth, we can help our fellow citizens. suffering and persecution in our beloved country.
The prophet Isaiah was one of the prophets who announced the return of the holy age and the abolition of the age of suffering and oppression and said- “Thus says the LORD, “I will create a new earth and a new heaven...People will build houses and live in them – they will not be used by anyone else.
In the picture, you can see a small babung tree.
Two DSPs questioned Amritpal's family members at their residence at Jallupur Khera near Amritsar.
Today's part of the program is on the country's independence.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC have prepared themselves well in Srinagar for their match against Real Kashmir tomorrow at the TRC Turf Ground, Srinagar from 2 pm.
Good governance is based on closeness to the people.
From Rajasthan, the body was brought by plane to Guwahati airport and then by truck to Nongagang Marngar.
Nongpoh, July 24: Although the construction of the Mawhati Road has been progressing slowly after the government has allocated funds through the World Bank which is a great blessing to the people of the area to facilitate traffic, The residents of the area are facing problems due to the landslide and the construction of the road is ongoing.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan (BJP) from Budhni, Kamal Nath (Congress) from Chhindwara, Ajay Arjun Singh (Congress) from Churhat, Jaivardhan Singh (Congress) of Raghogarh, Kailash Vijayvargiya (BJP) of Indore-1, Govind Singh Rajput (BJP) of Surkhi, Prahlad Singh Patel (BJP) of Narsingpur, Narendra Singh Tomar (BJP) of Dimani and Faggan Singh Kulaste (BJP) of Niwas.
Announcing the continuation of the strike, Ardent said he is ready to sit on strike until the roster system is fixed.
GNLA and police opened fire at Sasatgre village at 6:30 pm this morning.
“Malangkona is a village inhabited by tribals.
KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary Samla Deibormi Dkhar said that the Dalmia Company has warned the company to stop this theft and if the union continues to do so, it will be punished.
Scott, who was formerly an MLA from Jaiaw Constituency, lost in 2003 to Paul Lyngdoh.
Political parties, Rangbah Shnongs and District Councils have raised the issue to express their views.
Are schools and colleges still in existence or have they existed since ancient times? Do you have Mawshyrut Civil Sub Division yet?
The High Court will hear the case again on January 23,
The expectations of the people to get electricity from this project have not been as expected and it is like carrying a horse because of the high cost.
Therefore, Samla Lumlang said that if this boundary clearance is done for this reason, the danger is that even the paradoh parasnam in Langpih Sector will suffer the same if no action is taken now.
Speeches were delivered by Bisward Passah, Rangbah Dong of Lumsabah, Cherity Suja, General Secretary of KSU Jaintia Hill District, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, President of KSU Mawryngkneng Circle and Education Secretary of KSU CEC. KSU CEC members, KSU Moodymmai Unit leaders Binus Syngkon Vice President and General Secretary Donald Rymbai also received prayers from Tbn Shanbor Pariat.
Regarding the renovation of the Polo Market, the Chief Minister directed the NBCC to provide all the designs.
After it became known that the HSPDP from WKH has expelled her from the party, Fenela immediately went to the house of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh to talk about the matter.
The Chief Secretary, MS Rao in his address, said that the elderly over 65 years of age, people with any physical illness, poor women and children under 10 years of age are not allowed outside.
At that time I did not understand this word, but after reading the history of Khasiland I will be able to understand the meaning of this word.
At the end of the final match between the two teams, India were also defeated on the fourth day of the match by 209 runs against the opponents who were encouraged after the The victory was won in South London.
On the same day, there was also a physical training by the SF-10 to the students of St. Anthony's College.
Latyrke beat Mynthning 3-1 and Biate United beat Larket 4-3
High blood pressure or hypertension is a disease that affects the blood vessels but at the same time it increases the risk of developing other diseases that affect this organ.
The meeting was convened by the SDO, Kong JU Kharpuri on Tuesday on the complaint of the KSU, War Jaintia regarding the inclusion of illegal immigrants and foreigners in the Electoral Roll. ideal citizen of the country.
It is worth mentioning that on the 13th of this month, heavy rainfall has fallen in the morning and this heavy rainfall has been like a ktang and in the meantime, the Kynshi River has suddenly flooded and It also flows into the farmland of the people in Kynshi Village.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Education in the State, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the decision of the Cabinet to increase the financial assistance to adhoc teachers is appropriate. exceed.
The party does not want this to enter and the people should come out and it is the people who should teach those who are still passing class 10, 11 and class 12, what is democracy so that those who sit in the Secretariat can "I understand," said Donbok.
From the place of night to the place of tourism.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 817 with three more deaths on Saturday.
Sometimes the large number of children affects families especially when there is a lack of income.
The investigation will be launched under the supervision of AK Sangma, MPS (Retd) and a member of the Inquiry Wing, Meghalaya Lokayukta and the report will be submitted within three months.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers as the NPP candidate from Pynursla, Prestone said that the parties in the MDA government have strongly criticized the NPP in their constituencies. but he said that the people are wise and thus they will judge.
The wise decision of the voters of Sohiong will be decided who will win on the 10th May 2023 which is the polling day to elect their MLA.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Sengbah said that in this special Nguh ka Dem, it is as if in these days, the peace has disappeared and fled away, while instead, only the noise and the fear.
He explained that in this regard, there is also a mistake of the Shabong clan because they have changed the Kharshari clan without investigating whether there is a tangjait or not.
Returning to the second half, the game was very friendly in terms of passing and shooting.
The 50-year-old road has not been paved yet, although these three villages have complained to the government authorities from time to time and also to the leaders, said Ma Kelman Pohchna President Synjuk. The Rangbah Shnong of War Jaintia, Pdengshakap, said that this is a PWD road which has been in existence for more than 50 years but it has not been cleaned and also to build it from scratch so that the water can flow. you can walk your own path and not on the road.
With three wins from three matches, Meghalaya has completed the round robin stage by topping the plate group with 31 points.
Ecclesiastes 5:2 .
The Bible does not say that a person or a departed soul is dead.
“Because they have seen the danger to the lives of the people in the communities where they work, they continue to fulfill their duties,” she said.
Criticizing the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong and Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar, the government has said that in June this year, the government will complete the resettlement of the refugees. The government has not yet taken a decision or finalized the Blue Print,” he said.
In the last 20 days, after the announcement of the election date in Telengana, the election authorities have seized Rs 30 crore in the state and Rs 10 crore from Adilabad and T.70 lakh from Hyderabad, T.30 lakh from Suryapet of Nalgonda, T.30 lakh from Khammam district and T.1.31 crore.
Don't say.
Because even the scientists didn't blame the temperature alone for the death of these fish.
Police said the body of Bah Kharhujon has been at Cooper Hospital since November 6 and was identified by his family on Saturday.
Nongpoh: A truck carrying rnga has overturned on the NH-6 at Saiden village, Ri Bhoi District this morning.
We also see their neighboring countries like Iran.
Khasi women in Motphran area have said that it is better to shoot them dead if the government does not allow them to sell land.
How can the blind lead the blind?
The people of the state should be asked why the electricity was purchased at a low price of 12tyngka per unit for whose benefit, even without the benefit of the MSERC? This government should answer to the people,” he said.
Kumar said the task has been assigned to the head offices and DGPs of the two states to take action to ensure that the rest of the people in the border areas do not have any problems. They have been forced to fulfill their duty to cast their vote at this time.
It is not known what prompted the Karbi residents to protest against the Magistrate, but the video shows that they protested against the Magistrate Bah MA Challam. and the Police.
Shillong, July 29: Regarding the death of Inspector PJ Marbaniang, who is in charge of the Pathar Khmah Out Post, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) has alleged that according to the statement of his wife, in the media. They said that there was a threat from behind the scenes to release the coal trucks.
In the first leg, Moosiang Lamare New beat Moopala 2-1
After the seizure of these trucks, the members of the union asked for a detailed investigation from the drivers, on how they managed to commit these illegal acts, and from the investigation it was clear that there are law enforcement agencies involved. to release these cows smuggled through India to Bangladesh.
On the 5th of November, we will gather again in Shillong and we will announce a stronger protest if the government does not respond within these days.
He also spoke on the need to implement properly the schemes of the Government of India such as PM Kisan, retirement scheme for farmers, crop insurance and others.
She said women don't understand when this time comes and they go to the doctor because they think it's a cramp.
The 800 vehicle, after the collision, was found unable to move, and the residents came to help.
It was at this time that the prophet Ezekiel foretold the land of the desolate horns because the Israelites had suffered a great destruction and were about to be wiped out from the face of the earth by the slaughter of their enemies. enemy.
Suddenly, on the evening of 17th April 2024, the Government of Meghalaya through the Deputy Commissioner and District School Education Officer (DSEO) East Khasi Hills, Shillong has announced a sudden announcement that on the 18th April One day before the polling on 19th April 2024, all educational institutions around Shillong should be declared a holiday. election (polling parties) to go about their election duties.
Adarsh ​​Joshi scored 4/43 for Meghalaya while Kishan Lyngdoh scored 1/7
I found them because one of my fellow workers was blind.
“One of the reasons for this is the lack of teaching in Primary and Secondary Schools across Garo Hills.
Of these 31 cases, 26 are high risk contacts, one from abroad, who is undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS and four soldiers.
HANM has demanded the release of its President Arphul Kharbani, who has been arrested by the MPDA within 48 hours.
“In order to know the authorities who came to investigate, until we meet with the residents we will get clarity because we have not yet received enough clarity,” he said. We have said that the new EC will not allow the Assam Government through the district authorities to harass and intimidate the people on the border.
On this occasion, all three categories of women and men were completed in two categories, namely in the category of boys under 14 years old and in the K.B.Memorial. Wapung School will face Chiehruphi Secondary School in the Under-17 category, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School will face Wapung Higher Secondary School in the women's category. Secondary School against Lotus Secondary School Deiñchynrum.
On the other hand, these three organizations have expressed their strong opposition to the increasing power outages which have caused a huge loss to the Pynursla area.
Shillong: The FKJGP Central Body has strongly condemned the author of the book Sociology Class XII, Manjir Ghosh, published by Kalyani Company.
Thomas Schaefer, the finance minister of Hesse, Germany, has committed suicide after being overwhelmed by the decline in income in the country due to the outbreak of the coronavirus. coronavirus, said the Prime Minister of the country, Volker Bouffier.
“Not only will our Khasi children lose these jobs because many of them are not able to go abroad, with fear but more importantly because Meghalaya does not have a state. Employment Policy.
“They have beaten me and if there are only 30 of us here, how many times will they beat the people,” said Titosstarwell.
To summarize, on that day, many of us didn't want to walk any further than the first bridge at Nongthymmai, but three or four of us decided to walk straight, not knowing how long it would take.
After discovering this, the robbers immediately called the employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) to inform them of the incident.
Today, 107 candidates have registered for the MLA elections, according to a statement issued by TG Momin, Joint Chief Electoral Officer, Election Department, State Government.
“If we really have this idea, I believe that other villages will also get cleanliness and recognition from the government.
“I don't support Rahul Gandhi, but the Republican Party of India (RPI) and the NPP support the NDA government led by Narendra Modi. Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Jains and all religions,” he said.
“These political parties in the government should prove to the people whether they are only coalition parties or slaves of the NPP,” he said.
“We urge the government especially the Minister of Education to take action and make arrangements for these 15 students to pass their final examination.
BKSP was also the winner of this tournament last year.
One of the comments in the Government's file is that the enforcement of the rights of the various ethnic groups who are entitled to receive and benefit from the Reservation Policy is very difficult.
On the 7th at about 1:00 pm, the truck was abducted by a group of people and parked at a place on Shillong Bypass.
He said that in fact, the population is sufficient, because according to the government's demand for a sub-centre, there should be 3000 population in the neighboring villages.
The thieves also used the specimen signature in the name of the man and the EPIC which had been sent attested to the DC. of East Garo Hills District.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President, Isaiah Muksor and welcome speech by the Tournament Secretary, D. Nartiang.
The leaders of the union also warned that these foreigners will not be allowed to sell drugs especially medicines because who knows whether they are drug dealers or medicines. spoil without recognizing people for a day.
Amethyst, who is also the owner of the website, announced that from Saturday, readers will be able to read the news from the website. just type in www.watchdog.com.
After receiving a tip, the Border Security Force (BSF) of 172 Bn on Tuesday seized nine horses from a truck which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh. through the border areas of East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : Langsning XI CC has won the title of the Maitshaphrang Khasi League T20 Cricket Tournament,
Chief Justice, Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee said the new building is a new milestone to improve the working methods of the court as a whole.
Wasnik and Joshi's interviews with Congress leaders started from 11 am till late in the evening.
There were 82 participants from all over the country.
The aim of the public awareness campaign was to raise awareness on the need to promote safety in driving two wheelers and the training was given to more than 1800 school children and teachers.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today strongly condemned the Assam government's border crossing and destruction of houses in Khanapara.
She said that the state government has lied and deceived the party by promising to appoint a ksiang to bring about the peace talks, but it has ended without any results.
Tathagata is on two-month leave and is currently in charge of Nagaland Governor RN Ravi.
Dr Laloo said this in response to a question raised by MLA Dr Donkupar Roy in the House today.
I mean, you're learning to speak,” said the daughter.
After playing well from the start of the season, through five home games out of seven, Lajong now have 12 points and are in fourth position.
The Prime Minister made this announcement at a press conference held on the 9th of this month in Guwahati.
Because I have found that many women do not understand themselves that they are women, it often brings disappointment to them after they have experienced many problems.
According to the Gospel of John 10:10 Jesus preached about abundant life, “I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly”.
In the journey as a Hynniewtrep nation since the beginning of this world we know clearly that we are one nation as the song sung by Bah E Brektis Roy Wanswett, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, I am a paid Khasi.
In a statement, the Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah B Jyrwa said that this happened after the Khliehriat Police Station arrived in Shillong with the assistance of the ANTF. They were arrested from Shillong and brought to Khliehriat for further investigation.
Earlier, Purno and former Minister Manirul Islam Sarkar had met with Bharati last month and handed over a letter to her to revive the Rongai Project. .
They have decided to wait for the decision of the Special Assembly tomorrow and if it is against their demand they will intensify their protest.
Farmers will face challenges in the future.
Ronnie said this is a bad act that will set a bad example.
After that they give them a free trial.
The minister has suggested to them to talk more with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is in charge of the tourism department on this issue.
After the cleanliness drive, the ASHAs also held a meeting at Umden PHC to honor three women ASHA Facilitators including Genevieve Maiong, Nerila Syiem and Jom Syiem and also Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA. Nongpoh for his willingness to listen to the problems of the ASHAs and to speak in the Legislative Assembly on the problems of the ASHAs who face many problems and take to the streets from time to time to demand their rights.
When inquired, these employees admitted that they have all the documents, but they will show them the next day.
The Chief of Army Staff, who imposed martial law on Tuesday, said the coup should prevent any violence.
The scheme was also implemented in collaboration with the Government and the Project Implementing Agencies (PIAs) which provide various types of training.
The FKJGP said why the government through the Urban Affairs Department is not willing to stop the illegal Khar Metor drivers in Mawlong Market.
According to a statement by CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, Yoris Khongjoh has been away from home since October, 2015 due to threats by the village authorities and eviction of her and her daughter by the dorbar. village which also forbids her to use drinking water, and forbids her to ride a vehicle.
The lyrics were written by the Minister of State, Paul Lyngdoh, Kit Shangpliang, Summersaulth singer and members of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
The inspection was attended by MDC Musniang Rangad Phasmon Dkhar, leaders of JSU Khliehriat Circle including President Livingson Sana, Vice President Winson Salahe, General Secretary Ajoymenson Lyngdoh and other office bearers and members.
During the meeting, the Minister of State, Bah Sniawbhalang, informed the Hima leaders that a meeting will be convened with the Director Commerce and Industry, Customs and BSF. to discuss this matter in detail, said the father of Kynsai Syiem.
The first match of the PFR Football Academy will be played on 13th November 2023 against the winner of Match 3 and the second match of the PFR Football Academy in the league will be played on 15th November 2023 against SAI Manipur.
