The government needs to take measures to include all the residents of the state in this scheme,” said the opposition leader.
Regarding the proposal to bring in these troops, the KSU Mawlai Circle urges the Government not to bring in these troops but if the Government feels the need to bring in these Central Forces, it should. to send them to the border areas to patrol the areas where there is a border dispute and thus it will be like pouring petrol on a fire.
“I ask the MDCs whether they are thankful,” said Bah Adelbert.
Ma Wailad also promised to provide 10 lakh tyngka to the WJDSA through the 15th Finance Commission for the construction of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Members of the KHNAM Youth Wing (KHNAM) have discovered that the drinking water is dangerous to the residents of Shillong. GSWSS is located in Upper Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The number of cases of Japanese encephalitis in the state has increased from November to April.
However, as of yet, we have not been able to catch him.
Our ancestors used to tell us stories about the 'Jukshong kulai miaw', the 'Juk shong kulai miaw', the 'Juk' 'Kil Khongpong' and many others.
I am the only one who dares to write “Ex.Rev”, because I have experienced in the priesthood for 10 years, in the Presbyterian Church for 16 years as a pastor and in the Church of God (E) for 4 years as a pastor.
Anyone who has any information about the suspect can contact Jowai PCR: +919774065467/ 03652-220050, or the I/O in charge of the case: + 917085965271.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that if the government extends the term of office of the KHADC, he will hand over the post of CEM to Bah Teinwell Dkhar (Chairman of KHADC). The Chairman shall be appointed by him.
In the second innings, Hurdles CC failed to tied first after winning the toss and scored 138 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 20 overs. Lanangshngain Kharbteng scored 35 runs for 36 runs while Mehraf Sarkar of Cricket Lovers took two wickets for 13 runs in 4 overs.
The miaw is a different animal among the animals that people keep, because it sleeps near the fire and even in the beds of people.
To do this, he said, it is necessary to strengthen the livestock industry in the state from cows, goats, cattle, pigs, fish and so on.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sengkmie on Tuesday visited the President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, who was sitting in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong. It has been 6 days since the demand for a review of the Reservation Policy.
They should have turned to them too so that they could stand on their own feet and start their own businesses.
The use of mobile phones, computers and other devices that have to be used and operated by electricity has increased the consumption of electricity, while the capacity to generate electricity has remained the same.
The one day training was held on 26th August 2020 where youth and women came to take part in this training.
Therefore, to make this law to intimidate our daughters not to marry another race, to me alone, is a stupid idea and a stupid act.
In Arunachal, Nagaland, Manipur and Mizoram, these Dkhars from India have not been able to settle and for that reason they have settled only in Shillong which is still the center where even their fellow citizens have settled. in Shillong.
“As the party, we take the responsibility to share the problems faced by the parents after they have worked hard to send their children to colleges and universities,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from the state will leave for Delhi in the coming days to complain about the law and order situation in Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of Lumshken Village, Yoowest Khaïi, said that there were three owners of cows who were guarded by seven cowboys. there shall be no bloodshed upon them.
They put the food on the side of the mountain and can be heard shouting.
Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) has reached the final of the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 by beating West Jaintia Hills DCA by 35 runs on Friday. Open, the Coward.
Results:Women: QF: Sabalenka beat E Svitolina 6-4, 6-4; K Muchova defeated A Pavlyuchenkova 7-5, 6-2
“I would like to thank this sports federation for opening up opportunities for me in sports, as well as for my fellow athletes.
The National People's Party (NPP) has formed its Mairang Block Committee on 25th July 2024 with the participation of Congress MDC from Mairang constituency, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang. Mission.
This type of Yoga exercise helps us to stay healthy without any physical exertion.
The tear gas firing came after the protesters forced their way into the meeting place at the sher dara which was prepared at the ball ground in front of the factory. after heavily beefing up security in the area.
Amison M Sangma of Rimrangpara village in South Garo Hills has been accused of trying to hide after being suspected of involvement in the murder of his wife who was still alive in 2010 at Bolchimdagre village.
It was after a thorough consideration that the MoU was signed between Assam and Meghalaya,” he added.
On the other hand, the leaders said that they have no objection to any ethnic group or religion, but they want to protect the land, the environment and also to protect the indigenous inhabitants of the state.
However, even at that time, Nongstoiñ was lost and taken over by Mawkyrwat.
On this occasion, the JPWDMW&LU also established the Amlarem Unit.
The question is whether the state government can provide employment opportunities to all the youth who have completed higher education.
He said that this incident of death of fish has happened every year since 2007 and usually happens during the heavy rainfall which lasts for two or three days, during the high water. “If this continues, it will undermine and destroy the vision of STEDS, which has the aim and ambition to develop this place as one of the world tourist destinations,” said STEDS. On the other hand, the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have implemented the river cleaning project at a cost of T2.5 crore funded by the District Mineral Funding. Trust, in which the river has been cleaned using algae, this is to improve the quality of the water, the organization now wants to know that the cleanliness or PH Level of water has been increased since the implementation of this project.
However, if the people say that they belong to the party of the local MLA or MDC, the Block workers are very respectful and ready to do whatever they say.
In the second leg, Mukhla Raij won the tie breaker 4-3
It is a great loss for the believers, but even if we hold church services from house to house, it is enough according to the time that God has appointed.
In the Langpih Area there are many Khasi, Nepali and some Garo villages.
Iraqi troops and their troops have laid siege to the city of Tikrit, along with 30,000 troops, and preparations are underway for a massive siege of the city, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said. message.
At 1:30 pm, the Duhalia started playing the Lumpaid Ksing, after which Rgh Paia B Synrem, Asst.General Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie took part in the ceremony. Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie, led the prayer and after that, the march to Lympung Weiking started.
They should be organizations that have intelligent and dedicated people to implement their programmes.
The meeting was attended by the District Co-ordinators of the AAP from other districts of Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills as well.
What else can I do? Do we have to wait for MeECL to turn off the electricity for 10 hours a day? Where do you go to work? The cost of entrepreneurs in the state due to the lack of electricity is no longer enough.
Before I conclude, I would like to urge you once again to please check carefully which articles should be published and which should not be published so that it will also be an education for the readers of the book. your news.
The issue now is that if the state government can remove Conrad from the membership, it shows that it has the power to remove the Sixth Schedule itself, but if Conrad remains as the member, it shows that it has the power to remove the Sixth Schedule. CEM, therefore, the State Government's robbery of District Councils will end immediately.
Jessie Biam, Assistant Teacher, while explaining on the subject, said that we live in an age of knowledge without knowledge we cannot do anything.
Prizes were also awarded to the children in various competitions and along with the programs to entertain the children, the choirs of the Police Department performed songs and dances.
Pastor Pakma congratulated and urged the author to continue to develop and publish more books that will build up the believers and the youth of the Church in these days.
The next games against Japan and Vietnam will be more difficult.
It may be recalled that Ri-Bhoi District has been selected by the Government as an Aspirational District, which will be the district to implement special development projects for this purpose. district.
Meanwhile, Tanushri Acharjee, a student from the same school who got the third rank, who wants to contest and pass the UPSC examination and become an IAS or IPS officer, said she will continue her studies. Arts in Higher Secondary.
I'll send you an investigation.
The leaders of the group handed over the letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Prof RC Laloo today.
The hosting of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 will give our state the opportunity to witness this biggest game in the North East.
Police have recovered ammunition from the suspects.
However, it cannot be said that the Lupercalia of the ancient Roman Empire is the origin of Valentine's Day and Valentine's Day is also a Christian holiday.
According to the latest news, the NGT has sent the hearing to Kolkata to hear and decide on the illegal construction near Wahumkhrah as there is a case in the state which is similar to the incident here. Meghalaya.
In the past 24 hours, Tikrikilla has received 123.0 degrees of rainfall, Mawsynram 58.8 degrees, Amlarem 37.5 degrees, Sohra 64.4 degrees, Sohra RKM 60.2 degrees, Khliehriat 24.0 degrees, Mawkyrwat 84.0, Blang 1, Plan 23.5 , Shella 28.2, Mining 66.5.
The recruitment process was conducted in a transparent and timely manner by the Staff Selection Commission (SSC), UPSC, Railway Recruitment Board (RRB) and others. .
In fact, the funeral of Tirot Singh was scheduled for yesterday, but as it falls on Sunday, it has been postponed to Tuesday.
The residents should also think about the future so that the time will come when the villages below these areas will eat the garbage through the dohum dohwah and even when they walk and stand. you have to fall from above the unclean.
This ability to multi-cultivate is therefore not surprising.
Some of the NEPMU also said that they want to arrange between the owners and the companies such as salary of the employees, insurance because driving a petrol pump is dangerous and as the owners of petrol pumps themselves will cooperate with you Union.
“We don't want to rush in taking steps to resolve the issues and we don't want to interfere with the authorities of the Court because as we know that the matter is in the Court and before responding to the Court. We will meet again and we will talk about the problems faced by the people,” said Bah Hamlet.
Therefore, on that day the Pope angrily and sadly ordered all countries to stop the war, stop the violence and shows of force, and stop the all conflicts.
The entire North East has strongly opposed this because the Indigenous people understand that they may be overwhelmed in the next few years if the bill is implemented.
Two persons have died in police custody, and another policeman has been shot dead by robbers. Questions have been raised about these incidents. Whether this is the case or are there other reasons for the killing of the policeman?
“We should no longer hold examinations because the Supreme Court has already said that Aadhaar is not essential for use in UGC, NEET or CBSE Courses for taking examinations,” he said. said Mr. Marbaniang.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Aiban Syiemlieh, Chairman of the Kynshi Pyllun Dorbar, Bah AR Kharsyntiew, Sordar of Mawphynaiñ Village.
Vidarbha continued to score 129/1, beating Meghalaya by three runs in the first innings by 126 runs with all wickets lost.
He said that the party also requests the Ministry of Home Affairs through the Police Department to take action against this incident and punish those involved according to the law as this incident has caused panic not only to the Minister but to others. “Many women who are involved in the NPP household, this maybe it could be the first...we don't know.
Shillong: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar, candidate of the Khasi Hills District Alliance (KHDA0), has won the seat of Speaker of the Khasi Hills District Council.
The winners of the 58kg category were Andrew NWahlang, Byeson Marbaniang, Byeson Marbaniang and Bankyr Shanlang Marwein.
The incident of rape by a PSO of the SP of Golaghat happened three days after a policeman raped himself on a tyllai phasi. in a battalion camp in Cachar district.
The prize money for the Miss Umsning Constituency is only for the residents of Umsning Constituency. The winners of the Miss Umsning Constituency will receive a cash prize of T.20,0 They will also take part in the Meghalaya Face 2023 to be held in Shillong.
The office bearers were confirmed by the Organizing Secretary of the VPP, Ma Damewanhi Rymbai and elected as the President of the VPP, Narpuh Circle.
And if the sky is bright again, their flesh is bright and so on.
Dimple has acted in films like 'Saagar', 'Rudaali', 'Gar dish' and 'Lekin'
According to the order, the parking fee for trucks parking at the top of the parking lot is T.500 for trucks and T.300 for pick-ups.
However, the promise of a new district for Mairang has raised many demands for a district and civil sub division in different areas.
Our nation cannot be divided into Khasi, Garo and Jaintia but within Meghalaya we are one.
He then continued his studies at Hunter College at the City University of New York and completed his Master of Sciences in 2009 in two subjects.
“I have examined the performance of MCCL and we need about T.80 crore to pay the debt, salary, electricity bill and other expenses,” he said.
He said that no promise can be made on the demand for government jobs as the Political Department has already been directed to consider this issue.
It is understood that Chelsea will receive £100m and an additional £15m from the player.
Regarding the demand for the implementation of the RIS, MEMA said that the scheme is to provide comfort to journalists so that if anything happens to them while they are collecting news, their relatives will not be able to affected by the cost of living.
“This meeting is important because the information received through the DCs and SDOs is very important for the people,” said the CM. details on technology-based programs including CM-Connect and DC-Connect.
This is a newly built house and the wells which were recently dug blocks have been destroyed and the atoskhana has been bombed without breaking the form.
Laitkor, which is also the strongest team this season, with the highest number of goals in all matches, is expected to set a new record in this tournament.
The Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA, Lammat OO Laloo, said that the fair will start from 12-18th November and only newcomers will be allowed to transfer.
Speaking about some moments in people's lives when they can't wait any longer, Prime Minister Duh said he felt this way when he visited South Africa and Greece and said that his thoughts remained on the Chandrayaan 3 Mission all the time.
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah CK Pasi, said that the Tenancy Bill prepared by the government of Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister is a law intended to be used only as a tree for the tenants. The Rangbah Shnong does not have any authority.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Rining is an experienced journalist, and has also written for English newspapers such as The Meghalaya Guardian, The Shillong Times, The Telegraph and the Khasi newspaper U.K. This is the YouTube channel of U Nongsaiñ Hima.
P.Amlarem Block, in the presence of BMC staff.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday said that the review of the social boundary arrangement (MoU) between Meghalaya and Assam is not impossible. these states are still part of the same country.
Jowai, Nailur 24: The 45 days Training for Business Start-Up program was organized by the MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla for the youth to stand on their own feet. The Indoor Sports Hall of Chutwakhu, Jowai was completed today.
Those who violate this order will be brought to justice, said a statement from Bah Aliewsen Ryngksai, Rangbah Shnong Darrang.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Mawlai Block will be inaugurated on the 18th of this month and will operate temporarily from the Mawlai Mawtawar Dorbar Hall.
The new cases include EGH: 20, EJH: 16, EKH: 161, NGH: 47, RBD: 13, SGH: 10, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 12, WGH: 70, WJH: and WKH: 35.
Sabara Khatun scored the second goal for Bihar in the 21st minute. Sabara Khatun took the lead by freeing the Haryana defender and Without hesitation, he threw it straight into the goal.
Until now, it is not clear whether the Governor will appoint a member from the ruling party or the opposition to temporarily conduct the dorbar if there is an urgent need.
The HYC leaders met with the Dewbilat vendors after some of the residents in East Jaintia Hills were shot dead by the police while they were trying to protest against the Dewbilat vendors. Public Hearing, regarding the intention of TOP-CEM Cement to expand its operations.
I will reimburse you before the end of the day.
“The BJP already has 30 to 40 candidates for the 2023 election, and we hope that all 40 candidates will win and not 40 candidates will win. 20, or 10 people will win”.
Bah Metbah Lyngdoh together with a team of officers were in Itanagar to learn more about the implementation of the National e-Vidhan (NeVa).
There was also a discussion on the need for the State to appoint Leaders who will be Legislators instead of Leaders who think only how to win elections and put behind their duties. and to protect, develop and strengthen the State in all aspects.
The union urges the state government to take immediate action on this issue and the demands of the union. The oldest civil subdivision in the state, where others have been given districts.
Three other children of Brial Dkhar are still in critical condition at NEIGHRIMS Hospital and only Priya Dkhar, one of the sisters, has recovered. .
History : means Ancient History, Ancient History, Legend, Legend, Pathology, History is the story told; ancient times from the beginning; mynnor is the days of the oldest years; pateng is the number of years according to the passage of time or era; parom paju is a memorable event to be told throughout the ages; Thoughthaw Thowet is an event from the beginning of the world to the present day in the culture of the War Amwi, which continues with the story.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), War Jaintia Circle and War Jaintia Circle have issued a Quit Notice to six villages. After continuing to protest against the dumping of garbage in Jowai at Mynkjai.
However, most of his life he was not with his family because he was busy traveling around the Khasi Jaintia Hills and abroad to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
He said that instead of giving peace to the people, the BSF have attacked and attacked the people walking and standing in this area.
It is also prohibited to open schools, colleges and other educational institutions except online/distance courses and sports that require close contact with others.
You have come forward to volunteer to ensure that people follow the rules.
Sport, sport activities and the welfare of young people, are huge subjects and demand specialized knowledge and skills.
Replying to a question, the NPP leader said that he has no intention of persuading the Congress leader, who is also the incumbent MP, Bah Vincent H Pala to join the NPP. You are from the Congress, so why don't you get a ticket? Besides, there is no attempt by the NPP to persuade him to join our party,” he said, adding that the NPP has decided to work hard to defeat Bah Pala.
“We have declared 2020-21 as the Year of Farmers in which the government will do many things to improve the livelihood of farmers,” he said.
We have also sent a letter to them to send us their names but they have not sent us yet,” he said.
The incident happened at Erpakon village, Ri Bhoi District. The residents of the village near the place where Bah Kyrmen was killed, heard the bomb.
Shillong received only 13.5 mm of rainfall during the same period, while Umiam received 14.7 mm during the same period.
Shillong, July 19: The Legislative Secretariat of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a seminar on the topic of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India. Government of India.
The categories include Women's Singles, Women's Doubles, Men's Singles Open and Men's Doubles Open, Mixed Doubles, Men's Singles 35+, Men's Doubles 35+, 50+Men's Single and 50+Men's Doubles.
In the final match, Lumbahdakha Wahiajer beat Mynso Blazon 3-0
The UCC is the law to force the various ethnic groups in India to follow the Hindu way of life.
As mentioned above, with the presence of these gangs, they are willing and able to attack or rape our people in many ways.
In the Third Division, Nangbah Pohshnong beat Loompyrdi 3-1
Many of the robbers died before they were sentenced; for the judgment is long.
The Hub will also be used as a farm for the cultivation of synrai while the Hub will be a place to collect the shynrai from different villages of the area for marketing. Damewanhi Rymbai has started cultivating Lakadong shynrai this year with about 5 tonnes on an area of ​​5 hectares.
Shillong: The Supreme Court has sought clarification from the Central Government on the number of states which have not signed the Instrument of Merger, after the Supreme Court has rejected the Instrument of Merger. Article 370 of the Constitution of Jammu and Kashmir.
On the other hand, the state government has shown that only Rs 31.97 crore has been released for the second time.
Nongpoh, June 30: Two men have lost their lives in an accident after their auto collided with a truck at Lum Diengngan village near Shillong By-Pass.
Despite not being able to play in the past few months, Andy Murray is still looking forward to winning his third Olympic gold medal in Paris this year.
Ngaitlang in his speech as the chief guest, urged the youth of the Raij Shynrang and Kynthei to take part in such dances and religious ceremonies.
Many countries have tried to show mercy for them, but to what extent?
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appealed against the decision of the High Court.
On the other hand, she said that she has passed the examination three times and the fourth time she could not attend because it was during the curfew due to Covid-1 fifth time writing and achieving success.
According to Kyrmen, the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) has affected the MDA candidate because he has been criticized by others even though they have clarified that they have nothing to do with the BJP. “The Congress may be slightly better than the MDA candidate from Jaintia Hills because of the CAB and Vincent is from the area,” said Kyrmen.
Furthermore, we as the party have received a sufficient understanding between the two sides.
She will compete in the 50 kg Individual Kumite category.
“We are surprised that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has not invited or met with the opposition to cooperate and consult on the fight against Covid-1
Jowai: Six candidates from Jowai South including Moonlight Pariat of UDP, Saron Pasweth of NPP, Baitlang Pohsngap of INC, Ram K Rymbai and U Pil Kyndait and Dunno Nongpluh as independent candidates came to explain their position as candidates for the MDC election from Jowai South.
“Until now, our country has stood firm to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the infiltration of foreigners,” said KSU President Daniel Khyriem. All India Radio celebrates its 36th anniversary.
However, Lepcha had to leave within 10 minutes due to injury.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), Guwahati, Armed Forces, Paramilitary Forces, Task Forces of Meghalaya Police, Fire and Emergency Service, Civil Defense and Home Guards, and the public attended the demonstration and training.
If it is international, the people around Umroi will be able to sell their clothes to foreign tourists.
Finally, the young man came to look for me at home and said, “What shall I do, the battery of the JCV has been stolen by people, the Engineer sent me to the Sordar Shnong but the Sordar did not three times.
Ma Apmon Pachiang, Waheh Shnong Moolamylliang said that the festival has ended on the 2nd and congratulated all those who witnessed and encouraged the village authorities for the light festival.
“The investigation into all these cases is ongoing and soon other accused will be arrested,” said the SP. “We have not received any information regarding these robbers involved in these crimes, and the names of the informants will be kept confidential,” he said.
One of the more educated youths said that Sohiong has not had an MLA from the Opposition for many years, but has only had an MLA from the Ruling Party. For this reason, many of the issues of the Constituency cannot be raised in the House, but are entrusted to the Government.
Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech urged the leaders of 1-Nartiang to work hard for the MP election and to win with dignity for Ampareen.
Shillong, Nailur 22 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that if it is true that Prah Khasi has a problem in the election, The VPP is from Prah and West Bengal.
He said that the procedures of these states should be followed without compromising the dignity of the election process.
Sixth cycle (after 24 days):- Repeat as in the sixth cycle.
Another issue that KAS discussed with the Prime Minister was the recognition of the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution.
Trinayan Dutta top tied with 90 runs off 76 balls including 44 and 36 sixes, while Manthan Dey tied for 38 runs off 24 balls including 4 4 and three 6's.
He was not only an MLA but also a senior leader of the Kisan Congress and I request that many thinkers within the Aam Aadmi Party should express that they should not make the Punjab government do political work. she told reporters when asked about the arrest of the Congress MLA.
At this meeting, four entrepreneurs including Mr. Hunbait Chullet were honored and Sanction Order (Letter) was distributed to two Self Help Groups and two individuals.
To be sure, if God had allowed the Earth to be as it was in the beginning, there would be no power to stop it; even science and technology in its strength will be like a dirty book or a useless book before God.
When the nervous system is stimulated, the production of norepinephrine, a blood-borne hormone, increases.
When he grew up, he went away.
Many others have commented on social media, in which they have agreed that this is the image of Jesus Christ, which is in the tomb in the church.
The troops returned fire, and as of now the situation is under control," the army official said.
The tournament is an important part of the Cricket Association for the Blind in India (CABI) and the Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled for the development of girls. Sushma Patel will be the captain of the B3 team and the entire team will be led by Sushma Patel.
The NPP has nominated Agatha Sangma from Tura and Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong.
“There are some people who try to mislead the implementation of this fund,” said CEM, Bah Titos W Chyne in reply to a question by Mawkyrwat MDC, Bah Carnes Sohshang.
From this discrimination, Thomas Jones saw the deceitfulness of the French government, which prevented the indigenous people from exporting their own products and discriminated against the Khasi people in the trade. legacy.
I too was vaccinated twice when I was a child.
It has also risen from one level to another in society or in construction.
Everyone was happy because of this.
When asked when these medical schools will be ready for the youth of the state, Kong Ampareen said that within the next two years it is expected that the schools will be ready.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today met with Asian journalists in Shillong who came to study the situation in the state for two days.
In 1981, Fr Sngi once again stated that there is not a single Khasi man or woman or Khasi group or organization who will suit the altar of Sohpetbneng.
Namgrik K Sangma took six wickets for 35 runs.
However, to transport the equipment of MCH Hospital Nongstoin is something that the people of West Khasi Hills cannot accept at all.
On the other hand, the EJNC-SC urges the residents of Sumer District to cooperate with the Government at this time and to be vigilant in order to protect themselves from COVID-1
" He called Bah Lait and Bah Lait followed him.
Those coming from War Jaintia can stop at JHADC and after the EVM is installed, the vehicles can go to Jrisalein Stand War via Mynthong Road.
Shillong, Nailur 15: A young girl has been raped by her own son for two years in Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong. The 50-year-old raped his wife from 2010 to 2012 but the incident came to light five years later on the testimony of the 17-year-old girl, who informed the police. incident to police on Tuesday.
We have to make this a law. I also feel that we have to do that, even if we can't give jait to the father, even if we give the same share as we came from the same.
“When asked when the second list of UDP candidates will be released, Bah Metbah said that the second list of candidates will be announced before Christmas.
“We will promise what we can achieve when we form a government such as youth unemployment, education, women's empowerment and women's empowerment and what we promise through the manifesto will be what we can achieve when we form a government. form a government," he said in an interview with the media.
Jonathan said he didn't go swimming because he didn't know how to swim but he just watched his friends go swimming.
“I won’t go north anymore, because I’m too scared.
Tura, Jymmang 11 : The Garo Students Union (GSU) Siju Unit has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills demanding an inquiry into the delay in the construction of the Model School in Siju. , South Garo Hills.
If the riewhadem soh is used for food such as after cooking or by burning, the riewhadem soh is harvested at the time of ripening (husks are still young, and symbols are not yet ripe).
Donbok said he has known the Dkhar since 1994 which is more than 25 years now and he feels that he has become like a family. said Donbok.
Shillong: The employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday staged a mass protest at the council office against the lack of salary since of June, 2022.
The HYC leaders also expressed their opposition to the Assam police's arrest of several Khasi residents of Raid Nongtung area on charges of involvement in the destruction of the Mawnongrim in Raid Nongtung. Jatalong village and which has affected the peace and order in the village.
In other parts of India the irrigation of rice is one of great importance; but in Khasi Jaintia I believe it is possible to plant rice without irrigation.
This word means a lot to us humans.
To improve the entire Jowai Constituency.
The celebration of Christmas was enhanced by the arrival of the Catholic Church in 1890 and other Christian groups.
Before the closing ceremony, a short meeting was held by Bah Elevenson Wanniang, President of SWKHDVA in the presence of SWKHDVA office bearers, elders and the public. he came to cleanse himself.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to continue the curfew for another 10 months in East Khasi Hills.
Many of the leaders have also opposed the auction of the Shillong Central Distribution Circle and Eastern Distribution Circles, but these officials of the REC PDCL have said that there is nothing behind the sale of MeECL to the REC. The JSU said that it will not allow PDCL as it will affect the indigenous people and demanded that the government should cancel the auction of MeECL. The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 9 in the past 24 hours.
Tawnluia said Zoramthanga's resignation letter as MNF president will be discussed at the PAC and NCC meeting to be held tomorrow in Aizawl. .
Basaiawmoit said that many youths have been deceived by other parties who offer jobs, contracts and other deceptions to the youth but they should understand that KHNAM is not a political party like other parties. after the elections they forgot their promises.
Most of the cases are related to the use of tobacco.
It was suggested to attract foreigners to invest in the state, such as in agriculture, electricity generation and especially electricity through the The windmill is known as the Wind Mill.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong told reporters after the Cabinet meeting this evening that there will be 72 types of medicines to be distributed to government hospitals, including CHCs and PHCs. and Sub Centers as well.
It is true that coal is no longer available in Jaintia Hills but only because they showed too much when the NGT officials or the government came to do the assessment, the coal is still there according to them. In fact, the smuggling of coal is going on quickly just to show that they are smuggling what doesn't exist.
In West Khasi Hills, it is only the people of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency who are lagging behind and do not understand how to elect a leader, as there are four Khasi candidates in that constituency. Kimfa S Marbaniang, Fernandes Dkhar, KP Pangniang, Spastarlin Nongrem and Goldenstar Nonglong have won the election. Great.
They said that the government should have taken action not to delay the bills of the contractors, especially at such a time when the income of the people is suffering.
The team is in Group-A. The new rules of the tournament will be played in the knockout stage, where the top four teams from each group will play. reached the quarter-finals.
“She is a good person and I respect her very much,” he said.
Three years later, the missionary friend invited the scientist to take the time to come to his children's birthday party.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has declared the Dowel Petrol Pump and the house at Kiang Nangbah Road, Iawmusiang, Jowai as containment areas.
All the expenses were incurred by Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar.
After passing the ISC examination, he returned to Mawkyllei to lead the fight against the killing of fellow citizens and after this he established a senior basic school at Lawbyrtun.
The Minister said that the party should show by its actions to end the bloodshed and should not set targets for what they want before the government before they come to talk peace.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRW&LU) has held a meeting with the mid day meal scheme for school children and formed a union. They are known as the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU).
The deceased were identified as Jeffry Hynniewta, 25, and Shidalin Hujon, 18, residents of Mawlai Mawiong.
However, when the tipbriew tipblei is lost from his sight in relation to the family, he seeks the desire to please himself even if the family is destroyed and the children of the husband live in shame and dignity.
Daeimitre Suchiang scored the goals in the 42nd and 46th minutes and Gideon Mukhim scored in the 52nd minute.
Bhunia also praised Bah Charles Pyngrope and Mukul Sangma for their knowledge and understanding of politics and expressed the hope that the people of Meghalaya will support them in the elections. The election will be held on the 27th of June.
The turnout of Mylliem constituency was 68.36 percent.
The new office bearers of the Seng Kur Warjri are Watbor, President, Bekshar Warjri and John Genesis Warjri as Vice President, General Secretary, Giman Warjri, Treasurer and about 20 others. The other members of the committee include the leaders of all nine villages of Bir, Gate, Sangshong, Mawsawa, Langstiehrim, Umwiehsup, Block, Lummaralong and Lumiew.
The love we have for our family produces the ability to love our country and nation.
“Therefore, the public is urged to be vigilant when walking on this road at night and also to avoid walking on these places unless necessary,” said the statement.
The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) has expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation to the police who were involved in the clean-up in Wapungskur village in East Jaintia Hills District, where two people lost their lives. many people were injured.
In Honours, 1266 candidates contested and 903 candidates passed and the percentage of those who passed was 71.33%.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there is nothing to leave behind in the talks to resolve the border issue. It is divided between Assam and Meghalaya, but there is a part that only the government will have to consider.
“Once the Committee has completed this report, there will be a thorough review by the two governments of these states, after which there will be a meeting with all to discuss in detail, this report".
Shillong, Naitung 1: U Bah Andrias Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station that on the 29th of July at 10 pm, four persons identified as Shil Myran, Mardoh-I Syngkon, Jes Dkhar and Eiluti Lamare, all from Moolaber village, Assam border, have broken into his residence at Moolaber village (WJH). They threatened the old man and all his family, and at the same time they burned down his house and fled.
In the two manifestos, the people of Meghalaya have two wishes, one for development and one for money.
HK Thabah, ADC Nongstoin, was the chief guest and inaugurated the exhibition in the presence of Bah S.Marweiñ, EAC Nongstoin, Bah HKharkongor, Additional SP Nongstoin, Kong I. Wahlang, General Manager DCIC, Nongstoin, Bah BF Sun, Functional Manager, DCIC Nongstoin, other government officials, participants of the exhibition, local entrepreneurs from West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills , District.
At the same time, she suggested how to apply or submit the required documents for this scheme, by not going to the CLLMP office and also to the BASIN office to get information. not more detailed.
On the other hand, Bah Macmillan Byrsat said that since he was not a leader, he has worked for the people of the area and whether he is a leader or not, he has a responsibility. Special Head for the region and for the development of Nongstoiñ.
"He said the number of drug users in the state has increased and this has caused great concern to many.
That is the corruption that has destroyed our state.
Therefore, we are sorry that schools will be closed once again,” said Dr. Manners.
This is the protest announced by the Sengbhalang after they temporarily suspended the Hindu puja from 10th to 16th March.
The Central and State Governments have ignored the decision of the Supreme Court through the Order Common Cause. (2018) 5 SCC 1, according to the statement “The issuance of TIKA for Covid-19 cannot be forced through the law, but it is within the will of everyone to accept or reject it. ".
Fight like someone who needs to survive, fight like someone who doesn't have special luck, fight if you have to compete with the best in the world.
As the saying goes, “The hatred of the Khasi is the custom of the Khasi”.
I also spent the covid period from Assam to Riangdo for 12 thousand vehicles and quarantine fees without getting any of those schemes.
Shillong: U Tagatatha Roy, Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that foreigners are facing problems in the state these days, as happened to the Kashmiri Pandits in They had to flee the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The HSPDP has nominated Samlin Malngiang, Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh (BJP) and Pret Mawlong (Independent).
Speaking on the occasion, he said the party will hold a meeting soon to invite applications for MP candidates from Shillong and Tura and later it will decide who will be given the ticket.
Paul Lyngdoh said that Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks are his attempt to criticize other leaders.
Shillong, July 5: Four senior doctors of the Christian Medical College Vellore have arrived in Shillong to resolve the issue of the Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital in Jaiaw.
This is also higher than the national average of more than 10 percent and is a matter of concern for the state.
Speakers: Rev DS Sohklet, RB Sohklet and P. Sohklet.
Shillong, July 20: The Phudmuri Winter Games 2023 have ended with a lot of joy and happiness after the closing ceremony was held at the Children's Park of Forest, Phudmuri on 20th July,
Goyal said that so far about 60% of the drilling and grouting parts of the Umiam Bridge have been completed. less than the dam.
In a meeting with the media, Bah Truelywell Lyngdoh said that the party has sent a complaint to the CS who is also the chairman of the SPVC after finding that the use of money for the purpose of Development works in the area have been carried out without the involvement of foreigners, including politicians and others.
The group left, but promised to hold Sarawati Puja inside the school.
Before the protest, a public meeting was held at the Community Hall of Lapangap Village where speeches were delivered by Waheh Shnong Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, Bah Pyrkhat Pyrphet and leaders of the three organizations.
Jowai, March 23: A program of training for Persons with Disabilities at Kyndontuber, was organized by the Seng Kynjoh Shaphrang Ki Kyndongtuber at Vocation, West Jaintia Hills District. The Training Center was inaugurated on 21st March 2022 by the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) Shillong.
What religion, such a thing? I can't accept it,” he said.
The Branch Manager of State Bank of India, Ranikor Branch also spoke to the Branch Manager of State Bank of India, Ranikor Branch. 6 villages, while there are up to 150 villages working with the bank.
The areas to be discussed include Langpih in West Khasi Hills, Borduar, Block II in Ribhoi district and Block I and Psiar Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills district.
It is sad for the poor, as well as for the poor of the state.
He sent a letter of resignation to MPCC President DD Lapang. Syiem will join the PDF on November 19 at Madan Polo.
We will have to discuss this issue with our fellow citizens and we will inform the decision to the State Government”.
On the other hand, Gaurav Kataria, founder of Premium Bird Tour Company-India Birding Tour, said that Meghalaya has many opportunities to be famous for its bird species.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Tuesday said that the MDA-II government has set up a special committee to look into the implementation of the Roster in the state. only to deceive the people of the state.
The Swachhta Pakhwada, a two-month hygiene program sponsored by the Ministry of Human Resources of the Union Government, started from 1st to 15th November in schools in Jowai.
I showed this in the case of Stanley Nichols Roy in 1963-6
For schools, primary school children go to St. Mary's in Nongkhrah, St. Paul Secondary School Nongpoh or Bhoi College. or anywhere.
The muktiar in charge of the CEO brought a manual explaining about the EVMs and VVPATs and how to install and open them during non-election and emergency times.
Guwahati: Lok Sabha MP Gaurav Gogoi today slammed the BJP government in Assam, saying that in this government, only the rich are the most powerful. you can money suda.
Drug users cannot just become buyers, but they will look for ways how to sell them so that they can support the huge expenses.
He added that it is a clean victory because these constituencies are the constituencies which the NPP has never won, it is a difficult struggle but it is a clean victory.
When the authorities and laws are destroyed, there will be one world government and that government will be headed by only one whom the Word of God calls the BEAST. beast) Man is a sinner and a son of destruction.2 Thessalonians 2:1
The Under-16 Boys Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held at the Artificial Turf Ground, Khliehriat on Tuesday.
She also addressed the officers and soldiers at the Military Summit at the Frontier Headquarters, Umpling, Shillong.
“I have strongly opposed this proposal together with the residents of the area as well as the Rangbah Shnongs since before I became an MLA. I don't want to play chess anymore,” said Bah Hamlet.
At the same time, u Bah Metbah congratulated the government for the development works especially to improve the road from Mawmluh to Tyrna unlike the previous road which was bad and inconvenient for all those who came and went.
Look and judge carefully, what has happened to the State? Have the poor become poorer and the rich become fat! Who cares, sympathizes and helps the poor, the small, the marginalized? Where are the MLAs, Ministers, MPs, MDCs elected by the people? Are they only the leaders they have appointed, who work with them (or) who are close to them or with their loved ones? In my understanding, MLAs who are legislators-rulers are They must have the following qualities: knowledge of God, tiphok tipsot (fear of God), lack of reward and honor: full understanding and adequate education: marks unbiased in service and assistance: non-alcoholic, religious, party, power, wealth: a person who is trustworthy and does not change his mind and especially free from garbage jabain (high moral integrity).
However, the surprising thing is that if there is a natural disaster in Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Government has not been able to provide assistance for two years.
He also devoted himself body and soul to public works.
Regarding this incident, he said that the village has requested the authorities through the office of the BDO C&RD Laskeiñ Block, to come and provide immediate assistance to these families. They were affected by this natural disaster because this loss of livelihood has affected them as residents.
The traffic jam has been severe today, due to the large number of vehicles coming from Assam and the presence of trucks carrying stone. hours, in the parts of Lad Umsyiem to Dawki.
You welcome John.
“Khliehriat, the capital of EJHD, is not a border area, it is still hundreds of kilometers away from the border area.
“Oh, I too will come with you,” replied Maheh.
Girls HSS won the gold medal, Elsavetta L.Khlem of North Liberty HSS won the gold and silver medals while Susan Janong of St. Michael & All Angle SS won the bronze medal.
The construction of the market is estimated at Rs 65 lakh out of which Rs 50 lakh was donated by Bah Banteidor from the North Eastern Council and Rs 15 lakh from the MBMA. and Access To Markets Project (M-LAMP).
Movement of foreign passengers, except those with permission from the MHA. · The curfew in the Containment Zone will continue until 31st March,
One day while they were sitting, there were three of them.
years have passed and during his tenure as PWD Minister we have talked but the work has not succeeded,” he said.
Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Rosette Mary Kurbah and others were present at the ceremony.
Shillong, July 13: U Bah Lber Laloo and Pynskhemborlang K Sawian, who have appealed to the Supreme Court regarding the post of Rangbah Shnong, said in a statement that they welcome the decision of the High Court. They said that they do not agree that the High Court should allow the state government to interfere in the work of the District Council. “We will discuss this matter on the next hearing as our case is still pending in the Supreme Court,” said the statement.
Shillong: Police and magistrates today launched a campaign to curb the anger of SSA teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA). The teachers wanted to hold a rally from Secretariat Road to express their demands.
We hope that sports will continue to grow in the state and that is why we have held it from one district to another because we want to see Meghalaya become a state that grows in all aspects,” said the Minister. .
Shillong: The Southwest Monsoon has increased in the North West and West Central parts of the country, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said in a statement today. Bay of Bengal and then to the northeast and parts of the northeast, today, 3rd July
Cleanliness is very important and sacred.
In this regard, the residents of the village, accompanied by the MLA, have stopped the Air Force crossing the PWD area. The Air Force has not complied and this has prompted the PWD department to take another step.
Sniawbhalang Dhar from the NPP, KP Pangiang from the HSPDP, Ivanlumlang from the PDF and Independent MLA Lambor Malngiang delivered speeches.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday slammed the State Government for failing to count the amount of coal mined before 2016 and pending auction across the state. State.
The members of the party who have passed away in the past two years are Rev. Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, Dr. Hamar B. Kharlukhi, Bah Kreishon Rapthap, Bah Hamarbabiang Mylliemngap, Bah LHPde. and Mr. Rajesh K.Lyngdoh.
However, before the elections, two MLAs, Bah Hamletson Dohling and Bah Jason S Mawlong, left the party and joined the NPP. It is difficult to tell and it is not appropriate to say anything at such a time.
Meghalaya has been in existence for more than 50 years in which we the children of Hynniewtrep and the Achik and Garo peoples have many differences in customs and traditions.
He was also one of the freedom fighters whose name was known to the whole world until he was sacrificed for the sake of the survival of our country and nation, said the statement.
He said that until now, the Village Employment Councils (VECs) have been facing difficulties in the implementation of the scheme of the Central Government and the reason is that the government has released only the money to pay to the Village Employment Councils (VECs). Job Card Holders and while the funds for the purchase of equipment have been suspended for two years and this has led to delays in the implementation of this scheme by the Central Government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Warjri said that two foreigners had brought their ration cards but the polling station was from Tripura.
“When asked how the leaders went to explain to the people the objectives and principles of the BJP, Kharkrang said, “Initially it took time to explain the objectives of the BJP. BJP party in Meghalaya and their joining the BJP shows that the Khasi have accepted the BJP to come to power in Meghalaya because in the end they understand that it is only This party has been able to bring about development in the state.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar takes this opportunity to extend its best wishes to all the residents of Ri Bhoi District, as well as to all the residents of Bhoi District who live in Shillong and other parts of the country. Meghalaya and India as a whole.
Langsning now have seven points in Group C and are top of the table. The match will be played on 9th June 2018 in Kolkata, where Langsning will face Mohammedan.
Police have registered a case and are searching for the suspects.
Many times newspapers are unable to publish articles because of lack of signatures, responsibilities even though they are subjects that are very important for society.
It is the government that has eradicated and eradicated the plague, the disease and the darkness of our ancestors.
Jowai, November 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in the presence of its President Samla Lambokstar Marngar, General Secretary Samla Donald V Thabah and leaders of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday visited Mukroh. for the second time to visit and encourage the families of those refugees who were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Therefore, the policy should be clear and transparent in order to do anything that is not appropriate.
In connection with the case in Delhi, some channels have broadcast news with inflammatory headlines and videos of bloodshed that can incite people and disrupt peace and order. .
Therefore, let us take care and use our eyes properly, for wherever we turn our eyes, the surroundings we see have their own story.
The purpose of this competition is to raise awareness among the children on consumer rights.
Jeffrey Surong (14,16) and Dowell John Shylla (52) scored the third goal for Ladthadlaboh.
The Mawryngkneng Police Outpost was opened on 6th July 1990 by HS Chittaranjan IPS, Director General of Police, Meghalaya. I have received a full Police Station.
The KSU has urged the village leaders not to issue any syrnot to non-residents in Amlarem Constituency to prevent the attempt to register their names on the electoral roll, which has happened in the past few years. depth.
“I am clear that as of now I will not leave South Tura to contest in another constituency and regarding the contest from the two constituencies I have not yet decided and the party has not taken a decision. “I have not yet decided and I am confident that I will win again from South Tura because I have worked hard as an MLA of the constituency,” he said.
Khliehriat, Naitung 27: Members of the Jaintia National Council under the leadership of the Secretary, Bah Mehi Rymbai today visited Narpuh area and inspected especially the bridges in Sonapyrdi area. The union also urged the authorities to take action and not to allow vehicles to park on the bridges, not just to put up signboards.
Every time I visit the villages farther away from Shillong I find that many children who are only 10-12 years old have started working in the fields or guarding and herding goats and cows.
“On the ceasefire, Bah Blah said that this can be achieved after the first round of peace talks.
He said that the Moodymmai Sohmynting-Demthring road will be converted from a village road to a state road and the government has allocated T.42 crore for the construction of it. cost of T.93 crore.
Jovial said that he has spent his own expenses including the entrance fee of T.10,000 to participate in the competition.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if it were not for the work of the Government, the NPP would not have won up to 26 seats in the 2023 MLA elections.
On the occasion, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of VPP North Shillong, confirmed the office bearers of VPP North Shillong, Bah Strong P Kharjana as President, Dr Londoner M Sohtun as General Secretary and others. the leaders.
Therefore, we would like to inform you that all those who intend to participate with us the World Mission on this day will take this as an information and will come again on the 9th, at the same place and at the same place. “The time has been scheduled,” said a statement issued by Bah KKD Samiam, General Secretary of the World Mission.
At least 36 people have been killed in a sudden attack by armed groups on a village in the western parts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Khliehmyntriang SC has reached the second round of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
In Meghalaya, as in other states in India, government departments are the largest source of employment for the youth.
Shillong, November : U Jt.
The desire of the indigenous parties in the state to cooperate with the BJP has increased after the victory of the NPP candidate in the elections, in which the UDP and the BJP are involved.
Miarolla Mridula, Co.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : As part of the celebration of the National Sports Day on 29th Nailar 2022, the District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong in collaboration with The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District will hold a National Sports Day 5K Run on the 29th starting from the Main Gate JN Stadium at 6:30 pm.
Regarding the outbreak of at-sniehdoh in cattle, Bah Hek said the livestock department has taken measures to prevent the spread of the disease.
The cleaning of astro turf is ongoing.
“After I went to Kashmir, two files came to get my approval, one belonging to the Ambani family and one belonging to someone with close ties to the RSS, who is also a former minister in the government of Mehbooba Mufti and who claims to be close to the prime minister.
There are some nutrients that you need to include in your daily diet to avoid diseases such as osteoporosis.
On the other hand, the YMA leaders said that these slabs were illegally printed at a printing shop in Aizawl.
Also, the Rangbah Kur who have been in charge of the Seng Kur Warjri since its inception 40 years ago were also honoured, and the first Chairman, Bah DL Warjri (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) was honoured. Thank you to the mother of the children, Kong PO Kharkongor, who was accompanied by her children.
The third quarterfinal will be between Soil and 3rd MLP Battalion and the fourth will be between PHE and Water Resources on the 6th and 7th of this month.
The partnership will focus on improving the quality of health care for the poor in the nine selected states, while at the same time improving the quality of health care. be safe and fully equipped to treat this disease.
Ours started in February 1970 and ended in Full-State in January
Police suspect that the incident was committed by William Sangma, leader of the Achik National Cooperative Society.
The job of an MLA is not easy.
Some live and work in their own jobs such as car manufacturing factories, food factories and house builders.
The forced decision of these bakhraw batri is wrong and as a village, Raid, Hima and as a nation we cannot accept it.
Some of them phoned this reporter to report the incident, in which they said that after the bank did not work, they provided their documents to open an account but after they provided the documents The banks in Pynursla have not allowed them to open accounts and they said they will come later.
He said that the questions will be delivered to various centers and the questions will be delivered in advance the day before the examination and the school principals should collect them from the centers where the questions have been delivered.
“Besides, she said that the time has come as the Commission has to take up another task, that is to provide training even to the teachers because many schools have called to help explain and explain.
Others who attended the meeting included Isawanda Laloo, Secretary Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, government officials from the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture, entrepreneurs, farmers and others.
The meeting was attended by JHTOA, MCVU, KSU JHDU, JSU CB, HYC-JHD, JNCCB, AJSUCB and HYC East Jaintia Hills.
NPP spokesperson James K Sangma said the prime minister and the defense minister should take responsibility for the incident and resign.
At the same time, Bah KP Pangniang also spoke on behalf of the newly formed party, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has been talking about bringing about change for the rule of law in Ri Khasi.
Shillong, June 20: Four people have died and more than 10,000 residents of the State have been severely affected by the storm and cold in the State in the past two months.
Young people should know that Government jobs will continue to be in short supply even if the SRP is reviewed or amended as they wish. The number of aspiring Government jobs will increase. and increased by more than the number and vacancies of Government jobs.
The President of VPP Narpuh Circle, Kong Deiwi Tongper, also questioned the BSF's harassment of the people on the National Highway while allowing Bangladeshis to enter and kill at will. I'm from India.
“According to the provisions of PMAY-G Chapter 3 Section 3.4 and Sub-section 3.4.6, when taking the decision to distribute the benefits to the beneficiaries, the households who have less members should get the first seat,” said the Seng.
It is not appropriate to blame the Ministers, MLAs and MDCs when the roads are destroyed, because they have not been elected to build roads, houses and bridges.
Regarding the road, Rgh Païa said that it is well maintained from the gate to the top of the hill. go and inspect the well and the top of the mountain so that the preparation will be complete.
Every night, the residents of Nongrim Jirang village and villages from women and men go out together to look for the insect in the forest after they came to their bill yesterday.
“We will tell you as soon as it is over,” said Lahkmen to the teachers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Badonkupar Synnah has won the light welterweight 60-63.5kg category on the second day of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship. The meeting was held today at SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Saturday said that he is very disappointed when he watches the comments of others on YouTube.
Pynshngaiñ said the Council has also received information that the Prime Minister has sent the letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs for action.
Shillong: U Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Minister of State, on Tuesday slammed the President of the MPCC, Vincent H Pala, for saying that Vincent H Pala you are nonsense and you are innocent.
The Congress won only 17 seats, down from 61 seats in the 2017 elections, while the BJP increased to 57 seats.
Pune police on Tuesday arrested a 24-year-old man for allegedly threatening to kill NCP leader and Maharashtra Chief Minister Chhagan Bhujbal. he was soon appointed a member of Eknath Shinde's Cabinet.
Shillong, March 22: Probetty Nongpluh, Vice President of the BJP Women's Forum Meghalaya, has resigned from the BJP on the 19th of this month.
Mawphlang beat Khatarshnong Block 3-0 with Antisha Nongneng scoring the three goals in the 4th, 44th and 49th minutes.
It is very pleasant to see the hard work of the Ri Bhoi Police, because from what has been found, it has been seen that the Ri Bhoi Police have worked very hard and that is that besides the They are also working hard to ensure the entry and exit of foreigners into the state, which is for those who come from small vehicles and even commercial vehicles. , private vehicles even from trucks as well.
Shillong, November 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is considering before setting up new Police Stations.
Since the arrival of the French and the Dkhars, the marriage has been lyngkar.
“In many meetings to discuss what the residents want and in June 2020, arrangements have been made to open the new District but due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this he said.
The President of the BJP Youth Wing, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah CGR Syngkli, said that the party has already set up polling booths in all four constituencies. They have joined the polling booths because they understand that the BJP party which is in power in the country under the leadership of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister is the party that will promote many development projects especially The district, which is one of the backward districts in the state, is also eager to see changes after
Tourism is one of the sources of income for our people.
This will produce about twenty seeds.
If this corona virus continues for many years, many countries and kingdoms will collapse, many governments will fall because nothing else will be affected.
Bah Don Sumer said that after this inspection, he will go back to discuss and inform the CEM of KHADC to request for the allocation of funds to start this work. it will run smoothly and be opened before the rainy season.
Why didn't the UDP withdraw from the government on corruption?
“I came home today and talked a lot with my mother,” said Banisha. “Peter, do you want to go to work with Bah Bok?” asked the mother. “What is your job?” asked the son. kali" said the mother.
Expressing his concern over the increasing drug trafficking and use among the youth of the state especially in this district, u Bah Mayralborn urged the students of schools and colleges to avoid this dangerous drink.
According to the public information letter received from the office of the General Manager, East Khasi Hills, a total of 1035 people have applied for the PMEGP scheme.
“It is very surprising how the Wapung C&RD Block office, which has two DSs Wapungskur and Wapungshnong, has played a major role in bringing this office to Wapung area by donating. The Dorbar Shnong of these two villages and the Dorbar Shnong of these two villages have also allocated a large plot of land for the construction of the office and residential area of ​​the block. JAC Wapung C & RD Block don't have any information,” said the JAC. Therefore, the JAC said that it suspects that there may be something wrong with this action of the government. .
The money was reportedly kept in large bags and vehicles parked on the ground floor and gold biscuits were kept inside the offices.
He said that Saitsohpen has an area of ​​1750 acres but out of these land as of now 3 pawa have been taken over by the state government.
The 18 acre landfill at Marten has been used by the Shillong Municipal Board since
Shillong: U Zenith M Sangma, TMC candidate from Rangsakona constituency, on Tuesday said that the NPP-led MDA government has been misleading the people for four years in the name of development.
Two posts are in the middle of the race including the posts of Vice President and Treasurer where both candidates have contested.
After this, there was a march to introduce themselves by the youths from all districts of the state who came to take part in this tournament. Wangala dance, Mastieh dance, plate dance.
The small and lowly shepherds were the first to hear the good news of the birth of Jesus Christ and to share in this story.
“If this (Umtring village) is private land, how can he dare to build a scheme and how can the government allocate schemes to private land?
Bah Patrick Nongrum has been a leader who has been involved in many activities from physical education to khadar administration within the Dong and Shnong, and has been a strong supporter to the youth and especially to the residents. village of Laitumkhrah Village.
He said that this requires proper reports and since 2015, people have not been invited for interviews and there has been no job vacancy because there is no necessary explanation.
On this occasion, a briefing on the protection and preservation of plants, trees and other environmental resources was given by R.Sutnga, Science Teacher, UP School, Daistong. , which explains that trees provide many benefits such as oxygen, clean air and trees breathe, pollution and that to build a house with good and beautiful trees and many trees that can make medicines, especially soh trees, to eat, to build the body and to earn money from the fruits of wild trees and thus, she said, that the trees should not be cut down because they are It was also explained that without forests, rainfall will decrease and temperatures will increase, air pollution will increase. Therefore, diseases will increase even if people, animals and plants are no longer healthy, so it means that when plants lose their health, all living things will also lose their health.
Jowai, Nailur 25: After 21 hours of leaving two bodies on the road, the owners of the house have taken possession of these bodies, which were shot dead this evening at Mookhep; The bodies were examined at the Khliehriat Hospital in the presence of the Magistrate of Khliehriat, Manners.
Another complaint of the residents, passengers and drivers is the turning V shape even in the sharing and distribution area.
By 2022, this amount has reached Rs 15,000 crore.
New Delhi, Jymmang 13: It is now the turn of the NCP to defeat the Congress party, which is also a coalition party with the UPA government in Delhi. that there is a need for a strong and well-functioning government in the next five years.
On the other hand, the KJNU, which is a NGO, has arrested these two vehicles for not having documents.
Shillong, Nailar 07: Malki SC will hold a penalty shootout on the 11th and 12th of this month. at Madan Malki, which will start at 10 pm.
It is terrible (read more from the Bible).
In the final of the girls' category, Wapung Block beat Tluh Zone (Saipung Block) 1-0 with Larisha Lyngdoh scoring the first goal in the 37th minute.
These include those who have passed the results of class 10 and class 12 as well as those students who attend morning school or evening school who are residents of Shillong South constituency.
The first suspect was arrested by the police on Friday, 20th November, a day after the video was released.
This will be the second time that these two cases have come up from Pool B. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has decided to use the Waste Recovery Center of the Dorbar Shnong Umpling, Shillong.
Shillong, July 20: The Silver Jubilee celebration of Phudmuri Presbyterian Higher Secondary School was held in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad Konkal Sangma as the chief guest. Sawkmie, as the chief guest, MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, who was specially invited, pastors, elders and other dignitaries held at the hall of the school today.
"Hooid Mei..." Rida replied and sat down immediately. "This is my son..." The mother introduced herself to BahU Bah who was sitting there, and he shook hands to greet her. an.
Replying to the allegations, Marcuise said, “We have just completed the 2023 MLA elections and if the National People's Party (NPP) which leads the MDA government does not work, why do the people still elect Conrad K Sangma and your Party shall not form a Government".
Shillong: U MDC Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teibor Pathaw, today met with the Minister of Municipal and Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, to discuss the problems faced by the residents of Mawlai Constituency. Visitors often encounter the smell caused by the presence of a garbage dump known as a marten.
He said that although India has many strong indigenous languages, these are seen as a sign of backwardness, and those who do not speak English are marginalized despite being talented and tbit in the field.
Donald Trump today resumed his public rally to campaign for the upcoming presidential election in the country.
The next hearing will be held on 20th July
Shillong, November 18: Leaders of the KSU and other political parties, today, were unable to lay flowers at the statue of Paieid Soso Tham.
Other speakers on the occasion were C. Najiar, Sub Divisional Agriculture Officer, D. Syngai, ADC, W. Kyndait, IVCS.
Not all trucks encounter problems.
This disease has existed since ancient times and now it is being felt more and more strongly among all Khasi.
After completing his Graduate and Bachelor of Education, he was appointed Headmaster of the school.
After the tie breaker, PLSK beat Shi Dust from Shillong by 10 goals and PLSK became the winner of the tournament. T.50,000 and Shi Dust from Shillong received T.20,0
They demanded that the aid should be increased from 5 lakh tyngka to 50 lakh tyngka and urged that Meghalaya and Assam should resolve the border as soon as possible.
Sir, I don't need this book.
In order to facilitate the passengers traveling to Guwahati and other parts of Assam especially in the border areas, the union has taken action on this issue, by requesting that if there are any vehicles from Meghalaya , those who have been arrested by the Assam Police can call 09954764909 and 9774774772, which are the numbers of the leaders of the party.
With the completion of this project, the government has shown to the Garo people that this government is committed to bring about development for the benefit of the people.
Shillong: Although Meghalaya is a rich producer of sohphan, it has not yet learned to make money from this sohphan and as a result, it has lost up to T.500 crore. in ten years.
So he took 7 plates.
The total number of deaths in the state so far has risen to
It is not necessary to mention that there are also many private schools in our state.
“The JD(U) has already decided to leave the BJP and if I stay until 2024, they can say whatever they want, but I will not be like I was in “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Nitish Kumar, speaking after being sworn in as the Chief Minister.
"Because we have been here for more than 200 years, we have become like locals, and because of the culture, we have also become like locals," Gurjit added.
During the visit of these government officials, the residents of the area approved and there was no objection.
Or will it lead to the collection of these garbage inside the city of Jowai? In this regard, I would like to urge all the Paid Pnars who have only one shitroh in front of India to understand each other.
Speaking on the use of social media, the Minister urged the people to use it as a platform to build society and not to misuse it.
There are times when even the foolish become wise and the wise become foolish because they have exceeded their wisdom.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that one of the employees of the house of Dr John L Sailo Ryntathiang has tested positive for Covid-1 today is positive.
In any case, the Government should provide T.2000 per month so that we can survive because the price of goods has increased,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that tomorrow's meeting is necessary to prepare for the discussion of the issues to be taken up in the dorbar synrai which will start on Thursday.
The Minister said that the people of Jaintia Hills have strong faith in this new proposal and will not allow people to violate the law.
“The question raised by the State Finance Department is whether the State Government cannot pay for MeECL without any responsibility from MeECL, because it has not been paid for 10 years. “It's T.2000 crore to the REC and PFC, because according to this estimate, if the state government has to take responsibility, it has to pay T.560 crore,” he added.
The union has also received a letter of explanation from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District regarding the condition of the National Highway. NHAI officials and sought clarification on the lack of maintenance of the road as the deterioration of the road has affected the passengers and trade in all aspects.
The Chief Election Officer (CEO) of West Garo Hills, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that the vehicle of the NPP MDC collided with the vehicle of AITC supporters. this is why you are in trouble.
As our fellow citizens, we must remember that just as Shynrai Lakadong is unique in this country, we too must be.
Bah Sun together with the Rangbah Kur have allowed the post mortem of the woman who has kept the body since the night of 3rd March to comply with the order of the police as they have handed over since the beginning of their disappearance. home.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has imposed Section 144 CrPC to ban trucks from passing through the DSSMH-Umlawang road which is under construction.
Although the state political parties have opposed the BJP's plans, the Congress Meghalaya, which has not acted like the MDA, is still looking for reasons on this issue.
Adogkre: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday urged the farmers of the state to register for the FOCUS Plus scheme before the 4th of November. so that they can benefit from this scheme.
Therefore, the Garo should understand that they have their own District Council, without the need to compete with the two District Councils in Khasi Jaintia today, because they have to protect their culture. in Garo Hills and not in Khasi Hills, where they have the GHADC as the Indian government has already empowered them, he said.
At such times, nature has struggled to heal itself.
Because Meghalaya was part of Assam at a time when it did not have its own state, when it had only Khasi Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills, which means that these districts were still under its jurisdiction. Assam.
Vishvendra, 62, has filed a complaint before the Sub Divisional Magistrate under the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act,
From the third grade I moved to the fourth grade here at school. The reading is very difficult and I don't understand anything because it is a language of explanation and it is different from our Jaintia language.
We started our operations 22 years ago and Shillong is one of the last of our 16 offices around the world.
He said the endowment fund of the university has already been handed over to the state government, the UGC and the Visitor.
The villages should follow the example of this village and should also say, 'If Maw Lynnong Village can do it, why can't we?
The SP of Ri-Bhoi, Bah GD Kharwanlang, said that the police have not yet commented on the incident. the investigation is ongoing.
The recent elections were reportedly the most successful, with Lukashenko claiming victory.
“She said that since 2005, ASHAs have been used by the health department to assist in giving injections or medicines to the residents in the villages of the state.
Condemning and strongly opposing the central government's plan to introduce CAB, Paul said that if the Indian government does not respect the agreement with the people, it has the right to oppose until the whole world sees. and I will hear.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the audition will start from 6th July 2019 in all the villages of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills as well.
In addition, the government has also installed GPS devices in all these vehicles to track them in case of any emergency.
According to Bollywood sources, the film scheduled to be released at Cannes is Kennedy directed by Anurag Kashyap and starring Rahul Bhatt, Sunny Leone and Abhilash Thapliyal.
First Lady Jill Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris were also present at the ceremony.
We know clearly that there are those who have thrown mluh thlong sying, in the two elections between the bomb and the book, the book and the lion, the mombati and the lotus flower and so on. to love each other, to embrace each other between these differences and differences that have happened in these more than ten years.
“Father, read this letter.” The mother went and read it to her father.
Shillong: There have been 254 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 222 recoveries and 4 deaths, including 3 unvaccinated cases.
This company is located in Meghalaya.
However, today, a team of Assam police came back to the area to conduct a search operation against the vehicles passing through the area.
The improvement in the training of youth in many fields besides education, has really helped them to understand their potential and to work hard in their talents.
On the other hand, the AITC has demanded an independent investigation into the incident.
They said that the corruption was discovered after a Right to Information (RTI) inquiry last year, where the Lyngdoh himself had taken the food as the Secretary of the school. The Managing Committee (MC) of the school even after the closure of the school on 13.07.2010 found that he had been harvesting rice from November, 2010 to October,
She expressed her surprise at the loss of computer equipment from the Secretariat while the security forces are strictly monitoring the entry and exit.
Security forces have been strengthened and CRP police have been deployed throughout the district.
Speaking to media, the Minister said he has not yet studied the impact of the proposal on the government.
The various activities that man does and which cause him to become an enemy of the environment are – the mining of mineral resources such as copper, gold, silver, precious stones, petroleum, salemanite, uranium , ore, coal and many other valuable minerals hidden in the ground that have been produced and processed and to convert these minerals for various purposes.
Meanwhile, Brazil won the Copa America Women's World Cup with a spectacular victory over Germany.
“I have sufficient documents, videos and photographs and no one has been able to open them and the meter boxes have been sealed and no one can open them,” he said.
Pelcy Snaitang has resigned from the post of General Secretary of the Mahila Congress and has become the General Secretary of the Mahila Morcha of the BJP. Congress in West Khasi Hills, but in the 2013 MLA elections, the Congress has upset Sier Lapalang so much that it cannot be tolerated anymore until it has been forced to leave the party. .
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) in collaboration with the KSU Narpuh Circle and the KSU Khliehriat District Unit on Tuesday closed down the Toll Gate at Lumshnong EJH. .
Rikrak under the command of Baichung Ch Momin and others were involved in the bomb blast at Rongram Police Outpost this evening.
He said that the Sengbhalang also has a role to play in ensuring that the scheme runs smoothly.
"If these youngsters meet good friends, their lives are better and if they meet bad friends, they too suffer," he said.
Shillong, March 25: The Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, V. Kishore Chandra Deo in his speech today said that it is necessary to preserve and protect the identity of the Tribal Affairs Tribal Affairs. Kishore promised to help set up other tribal schools such as Eklavya, or the model school, but said it is necessary. Acres of land for the construction of the school and urged that the land for the construction of the school should be approved by the state government.
Lymba said that the SDO (civil) of Amlarem has not done anything about the SDO (civil) of Amlarem even though the union has already lodged a complaint against it.
The tournament will be held in various categories, namely Senior Men and Women, Under-19, Under-17, Under 15 Years and Under-13 Singles and Doubles for boys and girls.
He expressed his concern that there are leaders in the State who do not have time to listen to the problems of the poor and sometimes they are insulted just because there are no leaders to encourage them.
On the other hand, Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu has urged the CEO of JMM to take action against this incident and punish those involved, so that it will be a way to protect the Wah Myntdu which is the source of water. in the city of Jowai.
The tournament will open on the 7th of November, 2023 and will end on the 11th of November,
On receiving a tip on the smuggling of drugs inside the truck, the Ri Bhoi Police raided Jingkieng Dwar Ksuid and seized two grams of heroin from the truck. Truck, after opening the song, they found a drug known as 'Yaba Tablet'
Other sources said that the talks between the two sides on this issue are ongoing and may take more than 10 years to bring about a clean and successful outcome.
At the same time, the Seng urges the government to resolve this issue as soon as possible as the residents will be affected if the ASHAs continue their strike.
Rubal Shekhawat of Rajasthan came second and Shinata Chauhan of Uttar Pradesh came fourth.
While the number of people entering India through South Garo Hills (SGH) has increased, in the past few months, Shallang in West Khasi Hills (WKH) has increased the number of people entering India. you're looking for you.
Shillong: The Waheh Shnongs of six villages in West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday, alleged that many of the low income families in West Jaintia Hills District have not yet benefited from the scheme. boarding lane of Advantage.
In the past few days, T.78 crore has been stolen from 28 countries including the UK, USA, Russia and the UAE. The ATM cards, which have been photographed, are not real, police said yesterday.
Esron said that the price of meat is T.500 per kilo and the price of meat is T.600 per kilo.
Sadly They say that they lack lyer, Don't breathe feel like iapler, Don't sleep to sit is not really happy, How corona has punished them.
Not only for the school children, but it is also a great loss for the people who have always relied on mobile phones as a means of information.
Christians in the country make up only 1.6 percent of the population.
Sohra received 79.8mm, Shillong 1.7mm and Umiam 19.4mm.
In the past few months, Bah SK Sun has met with the Chief Minister together with Bah Sanbor Shullai and Bah Lambor Malngiang to discuss other issues and it was here that he had the opportunity to request the Chief Minister. He said that the PHC does not have an ambulance and the Minister said that he would remind him after a while.
However, we often find that when the meeting is over, no one gives us an envelope like the storyteller.
Railway Minister DV Sadanan Gowda said that there are 23 projects underway in the North East, of which 11 are national projects.
Before the elections, which lasted one day, two days, one month or two months, many of the people were like pigs, hungry and waiting for something to eat. whether it be food or drink, but they shall not be able to eat.
Others including Earce Clifford Kharsyntiew, Lesly Shylla, Bokstar Kurkalang and Philip Pala through their lawyer SP Sharma said that the foreign deposit is legal.
On the other hand, the Bharatya Janata Party (BJP) of West Khasi Hills Mandal has started going around the area to explain to the people the party's policies, so that the people can understand how to invite many to the party.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Raid Shabong Dorbar, Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, said that the Sordar has accused him of not consulting the KHADC before filing a complaint against the KHADC. The SawRaid Act 1997 is the appointment of Sordars in Saw Raid.
Shillong, July 05: Earlier, 8 or 9 residents of Thyllaw were seriously injured in a clash between Thyllaw and Mawlong villages. Mawlongbna, while they were in their fields.
Sources also said that a police station in Churachanpur was robbed and attacked by a Kuki group.
When it comes to the development of the rural areas, the state government has not done anything yet.
The Union strongly warns against any organization that pressures teachers to drop out of school or pass examinations, just to protect their own interests and if the teachers listen to the authorities, the SMCs will not be responsible. the death of their lives.
Tynsong said that the 42,000 medicines, which have already been purchased by the state government, will arrive tomorrow. The government has decided to vaccinate people from 18 to 44 years of age from the 14th of this month.
The Minister of Education and Home Affairs, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said that the youth should not only be happy that they have been employed but also that they should be employers of others.
Shillong: After Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh, raised the issue on the fourth day of the Synrai Dorbar, regarding the issue which has caused many problems in the border areas with Assam as well as the recent incidents in Ïongkhuli, Umlaper and other places.
IMPORTANT DATA OF THE ROUTEStop Press: on page 8 of the Khasi Weekly U Dongmusa, dated 1st Thursday 1999, it is reported that the P.W.D., Govt.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 27: The residents of Maweit area have been delighted with the news of the laying of the foundation stone of the 23rd Nongstoiñ-Maweit road by the Chief Minister. kilometers, on the 30th of this month.
Answer: Minor offenses are exempt from fines and imprisonment.
Ranbir Juro (6), Dipen Rabha (5) and Rishabh Rabha (3.5) were returning from school when they reached a fish pond. and these were drowned all the way.
“The Government would like to inform that it has issued a notice to set up an Expert Committee to study the Reservation Policy and this notice has abolished the Committee on the Roster System which was issued earlier,” he said. said Mrs. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Jowai: The Thadlaskein C&RD Block and the District Arts and Culture Society, West Jaintia Hills District have organized a traditional music and dance performance at the Community Hall of Mookyniang, Khliehtyrshi. all over came to take part.
Other leaders from other states were also present at the meeting.
The Headmaster of the school, Bah R.Laloo, congratulated the Ladrymbai Police Station for organizing this awareness program to educate the children on the dangers of drugs. He also urged the students to accept the training and advice to encourage, strengthen and understand how to get rid of drugs and cigarettes. , urged them to be the ones to teach others in the community to avoid evils such as drugs, cigarettes and tobacco.
I have always used my financial power to reach the Assembly but the important thing is that the people see me as a policy maker and a person who can participate in the debates in the Ïingdorbar.
The JSM has urged the DC to take action against the smuggling of pigs from outside the state and at the same time warned against those who try to take advantage of the smuggling of pigs from Assam to the district for personal gain. I don't think I'm going to die without thinking about it.
There are more than 40 startups with sponsors, more than 60 registered startups, more than 50 state-supported incubators and more than 20 startups.
This is to prevent the spread of the disease and to ensure that the health workers have the opportunity to comply with the rules in monitoring the health of those infected and to for Contact Tracing.
Young people must be ready to take on many responsibilities from adults.
Among the deceased were Killer Khongkhnian, 10, Bhaman Khongkhnian, 6 and Elimai Khongkhnian,
Conducting research, various projects, training programmes, meetings and fashion shows, etc.
Muslims understand the impact of the BJP's UCC, but Christians in the North East, especially in Meghalaya, don't know whether they are aware of it.
When I interviewed him, I said, “Wherever you are right, you will be the same”.
Jowai, November 1: More than 100 leaders of 20 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Thadlaskein Block of West Jaintia Hills District have received training on how to keep proper accounts. for the advancement of their groups.
Imaia Shylla scored four goals and Rimika Khongkai scored the third goal for Eastern West. the King's Reward.
If the shlans should have been like the Naga and Mizo people, but they have increasingly divided and divided fellow Christians instead of emphasizing that their own church is the most important for society.
“Although we have not been informed to resume works, it will be difficult to continue works at the same rate since 2007-08 and the SoR rate needs to be renewed,” he said. Shillong: The Congress party, which sits in the opposition to the Legislative Assembly, has strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in power in the state. He said that the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister has not been able to stop the illegal mining of coal in Jaintia Hills which is still going on.
Malik said the Farmers Act has not yet come into force, but Adani has already built many of its dams in Panipat, Haryana.
Dr Sanjoy K Shylla is the Medical & Health Officer at Khliehriat Civil Hospital, East Jaintia Hills District.
The killers of Shah should also suspend the officers who were present on the day of the escape.
As part of the meeting, trainers from various Government departments including MSRLS, NHM, ICDS, SRES and others were also present to assist in conducting the consultation programmes. with the aim of creating an environment that encourages society and understanding the importance of the early stages of childhood, from birth to 8 years of age.
Incidents happen even in developed countries but it doesn't mean closing shops,” he said. “Many people go to Guwahati because they enjoy walking. enjoy".
How many crores will the State Government spend to repair this building which has just been inaugurated in a few months,” he added.
The TRS government in seven and a half years has established 12 Medical Colleges and with these, it has increased to 17,” he said.
From this gas, the fire goes out if there is no oxygen.
Regarding the salary of Mid Day Meal, Rymbui said that the salary of Mid Day Meal has been increased to 2,000, thousands of teachers have been regularized and also the scholarship for school children has reached 10, , 30 and up to 40 thousand.
He said that Mawlai area should not accept MUDA at all and if it acts by force, the people will show by their actions.
The MLA also informed that the road will be constructed at one of the junctions in Mawkynroh, Mawlai bye pass.
The shop in the market was closed that day.
Shillong: Speaking on his vote against the EC led by Teinwell Dkhar, former CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, on Tuesday said that “the CEM and Symbud CEM have treated some Several MDCs within the UDA have dissolved their EC.
According to Bah Marbaniang, the Board's requirement is to ensure that schools should work hard to do well to pass well and this is part of bringing about good education in the country. the state.
It is therefore necessary that the price of petrol in Meghalaya should be considered to be lower.
A pistol and a mobile phone were recovered from his body.
In the archery competition, the team of athletes from the state won the bronze medal on the fourth day of the tournament. They beat Sikkim 210-2
(6A) and a nominated member shall hold office at the pleasure of the Governor.
According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who admitted that the coal projects have been supervised by the National Green Tribunal (NGT), Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “U Prestone said that he has his own reasons and to reject the criticism and it is clear that what the government has done since the first day of the formation of the MDA government is struggling to distinguish the truths in which the words are the same and the deeds are the same.
Speaking at the meeting, Agatha said that the opening of this training hall will benefit many fishermen in the area, and urged the fishermen in the area to improve themselves and to improve in the field of fishing.
In the Under-17 girls' category, Rangthong Christian Higher School beat Sakwang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School 1-0 in the 22nd minute.
On the other hand, the police informed the Traffic Incharge DPde about the incident.
The Indian government has refused to give the Nagas their own flag and constitution as demanded by the NSCN (IM). sign up for Christmas
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The BJP has a foundation and will contest the elections,” said AL Hek.
In addition, the meeting also decided that from now on, no teams will be relegated from the SPL, which means that in the upcoming season, By 2024, the tournament will have 10 clubs or teams competing in the SPL. The winner will receive a cash prize of 3 lakh tyngka and the runner-up will receive a Runner's Up. 1.5 lakh rupees.
The tournament is scheduled to be held from 3rd to 3rd November 2023, and will feature 24 teams from different parts of the country, including all 12 teams of The Indian Super League along with teams from abroad and neighboring countries like Bangladesh and Nepal will return to the tournament after 27 years.
The mother (whose name has not been revealed) of the child is undergoing treatment and on Saturday she went to Sanker Shillong for treatment.
The funeral service will be held on 29/4/2024 at 1:00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery Mihmyntdu.
“If other parties win, they will have to stay away.
In the men's category, Meghalaya will qualify for the final round after failing to reach the final in the 2022-23 season, which is also the first time in the history of the country. for the state to go far in this big tournament.
The scheme is 90 percent funded by the Central Government and 10 percent by the State Government.
For vehicles like SUVs and buses and Maruti 800 or SUVs and deluxe buses, the price has been set between T.1,000 to T.1,0,000 for a 200km journey. maximum payment, if exceeding this distance for both AC and non-AC vehicles as well.
Sec School beat Okkapara Secondary School by 2 goals.
If the Government, the people and the MLAs/MDCs do not take care of education in this state then I see a dark future because without education and knowledge about the events around the world we will not be able to improve. in the worldly thought.
“The question we want to ask the government is; Has the government taken action or implemented the demands of the people? Or does it only take care of the youth of the nation? These actions of the government are angering and want to incite the youth of the jaitbynriew to commit unfounded crimes,” said the statement.
The final was attended by Evan Maxwell Basaiawmoit, President of Sohra Sports Association as the chief guest, Sunesh Syiem, Secretary of MFA, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, Syiem of Sohra Hima, SDPO of Sohra. Civil Sub Division: Mr. Pynhun Syiem, Mr. A. Khongsit, Mr. A. Khongsit, Mr. OC, Mr. Ethelbert Sawian, Mr. Ethelbert Sawian, Mr. Favian Umdor, Secy, Mr. Favian Umdor, OC, Maraikaphon. MYC members led by MYC President Jasper Iangrai, MYC President Carolus W Shabong Secy and others.
It is understood from the talks with the UDP leaders that their CEM candidate for this election will be Bah HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem who recently won the mid-term elections.
When Naphibanbet was over 1 year old, Aitilin got a job with a car company for a monthly salary of T10,0
The question is why the names of mynder khyllah have to affect our heroes like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah & Pa Tagan Sangma, we wonder why our indigenous political parties are silent and do not pay attention to this. role.
Of these 92 cases, 39 are from Hojai, 24 from Dhubri, 10 from Nagaon, 7 from Golaghat, 6 from Majuli, 5 from Lakhimpur and 1 from Dhemaji.
Kroos joined Real Madrid in 2014 and has been a strong candidate to join Luka Modric.
Out of these 103 outstanding projects, 41 projects were scheduled to be completed by October 31, 2021 and 62 projects were supposed to be completed about 10 years ago but have not yet been completed.
He said he doesn't remember which church they belonged to because at that time he said they didn't go in the name of any church but United.
Among these hundreds, the names of two pastors of the Christian Church, Rev JJM Nichols-Roy and Rev Mon Lyngdoh from Laitumkhrah, also appear.
Those who say that our children will pass the ranks of IAS, IFS, and so on if the NEP is implemented, are still dreaming of getting heaven on earth.
On this basis, they demanded that Marcuise be removed from his MLAship and an election be held.
If 36 schools are Government Schools, there are no teachers.
I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
Lionel Messi has been named the FIFA Men's Footballer of the Year award.
In recognition of this hard work, the Social Welfare Department has congratulated all the Deputy Commissioners and Officers of the Department, DOPs of ICDS, CDPOs, Anganwadi Workers and Leaders who have worked hard in this campaign.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen and other members, BAM President Yoosar Kynjing were also present.
Regarding this issue, the KSU has requested the DC to take action to look into the issue of these cow farmers in Nongpoh area so that they will not face any problems. more afterwards.
The residents of Umshing village used to face difficulties especially during the rainy season as they had to walk through narrow roads, but now the village has three footpaths and a 10 kilometer road. T.3 crore has been allocated.
“I cannot say whether I will contest or not but it is up to the party leaders.
Upon hearing the news of the demarcation, the residents of the villages along the Meghalaya-Assam border have been shocked with the expectation that the demarcation will be completed.
The Minister said another decision is that the state government will appeal against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to release its order to implement the MUDA building rules outside the Municipal.
Chairing the 37th meeting of the Parliamentary Official Language Committee in New Delhi recently, Defense Minister Amit Shah said that all five states of the North East have agreed to make the subject a priority. Hindi in all schools up to Class X. Amit Shah said that the five states of the region have recruited up to 22,000 Hindi teachers.
Thank you, God bless you all"
As the purpose of Behdieñkhlam is to drive away the evil and disease from the society, so this year the colors prepared talk about the COVID-19 pandemic, the evil of society and how to the environment.
As a food commodity that everyone eats, the price of rice should be adequate for all the residents.
The Committee questioned the department why the price of sugar has been set by the government department at T.54 per kilo while the market price is only T.44 per kilo.
I don't want to say anything about what the child says about me or my government,” Mamata said.
New Delhi: The talks between the NSCN-IM and Indian government spokesperson RN Ravi today did not come to fruition.
He said that as the department in charge of vehicles, they have tried to monitor the number of vehicles that come to operate illegally in these areas especially in Killing and Pelingkata, but today we have Only a few vehicles without permits were arrested, as many of them fled after receiving information about the arrival of the Enforcement. In collaboration with the Enforcement, they have decided to continue such raids and if any illegal vehicles are found, they will be prosecuted according to the rules of law, he added.
“If our people understood the value of good governance, our state would have changed.
And it shall come to pass in that day, that there shall be a great cry in Jerusalem;
During the meeting, a demand was accepted that the freedom fighter Vinayak Damodar Savarkar should be awarded the Bharat Ratna, including 80 percent of the jobs. They also demanded that the names of Veermata Ahilyabai Holkar and Chhatrapati Sambhaji Raje should be included in the list of leaders and heroes of the country.
On the other hand, the Seng said that as the indigenous people, we need to be vigilant and vigilant against the entry and exit of foreigners who enter our villages and townships to avoid any. problems that will arise later.
Even Jesus, the Son of God, who came into this world, did not come to seek glory from men.
Shillong, March 01: The matches were held on Saturday.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that he and Gavin Mylliem MLA Sohra have joined the NPP as winners because they want to strengthen the government and work for the party. economic growth and development of the state in terms of income and to promote agriculture.
He said this while talking to reporters at the Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong Ladathadlaboh, Jowai on Thursday while announcing his intention to contest the MLA election in 2023 from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
The days passed and Gratia grew up physically as well as mentally.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills M.Kharkrang said that the release of Jeskalur L Mawdoh, 25 years old, was arrested by the police. They have been investigating him for about five days and found that it was not his own act, but it was just his driving.
Research in the Thorax journal suggests that increased exercise along with medication or treatment can improve health for those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Shillong: The Nongkrem Constituency People's Forum (NCPF) today held a ceremony to honor the 29 MDCs of the Nongkrem Constituency. The KHADC has supported four Bills introduced by the CEM of KHADC and MDC of Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla.
The NPP is close to the BJP. It has supported the CAA in the Lok Sabha.
The tournament was inaugurated by Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District as the Chief Guest in the presence of Marian Maring as the Chief Guest. Bobby L Nongbet, DSO, NSCA, Sumarlang Swer, DSO, Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association and other dignitaries.
The meeting was conducted by T. Paliar, President of South West Khasi Hills District ASHA Association. and others.
Regarding this, the JSU War Jaintia Circle has demanded from the area leader and the government to repair the road for the safety of the people.
This is discouraging for us as a state as a whole.
Bah John said that the publication of this book is also part of the efforts to help not only the Khasi who want to learn about the history of the Khasi Hills but also to explain especially to the central government officers working in the Khasi Hills. The state does not understand many of the issues that they have to face on a daily basis by giving examples such as the chiefs, himas, raids and raid countries and others in other cultures.
Noting that the DHS(MI) is the Chief Officer of the Government and has its own powers delegated by the Government, Dr Aman said, “I have used my powers on the 27 and if this is wrong, why didn't the Principal Secretary phone or summon me.
AICC Spokesperson Supriya Shrinate told reporters that the TMC has brought about the bloodshed during the West Bengal elections in Meghalaya which was evident from the recent riots in West Garo Hills.
Aizawl: Mizoram has decided to deploy Border Security Force (BSF) troops on its border with Assam and will withdraw its police, said Chief Secretary Lalnunmawia Chuaungo.
Therefore, the Seng has already informed the media that it will file a PIL with the High Court of the State.
To prove this, Teh Khongsit has also performed a song for the villagers of Khrang.
On the 8th, Man-I-bha SC will play against Seinbhalang SC at 2.30 pm.
Shillong, November 9: The TUR has demanded that the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act (MPDA) and the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Order (MMPO) should be repealed. The leaders of the union have been charged with involvement in the protests in the past three months.
The Sengkhihlang will hold a meeting on the 17th of this month at Baniuñ, East Khasi Hills District, at the headquarters of the Sengkhihlang at 11:30 pm.
The HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi has also expressed its concern over the shortage of electricity in the area, after many people came to the HYC to talk about this issue. Besides the load shedding, even during the hours when there is no load shedding, the electricity supply is not sufficient in the area.
However, as they did not receive any information when the members of the Regional Committee visited Ratacherra Sector, the residents did not know about the meeting convened by the Regional Committee,” said the General. HYC Secretary Bah Roykupar Synrem in an interview with the media.
He said this to urge the Government, government departments and those in power not to implement favoritism or backdoor backup. ) in connection with the staff nurse examination which was scheduled to be held on the 4th of this month convened by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In Laitumkhrah, there is no misunderstanding about the rights of the residents of any group but the owners of the land are the Municipal, the owners should be informed, and the dorbar should be informed. to send information and not just talk," she said.
Thus, instead of the public money spending 100/-, the expenditure has increased to 150/- and this is the money that you and I spend through taxes.
Thangsning lost all wickets in 8.5 overs for 25 runs.
One of the issues which the KHADC has refused to accept is the amendment of Para 12 (b) to empower the President, but they demanded that it should empower only the Governor in the state.
If the Lawkyntang stands Rasung, the Maw Bynna and the Maw Niam stand strong, does anyone dare to attack or take over? Will the Assam government dare to own and destroy the Khasi land? Huh! How many rulers have been found like these! They don't even know their own rank and duty! This intention of the Ministers of the Government, the Lyngdoh and the Syiem of Mylliem is a job of wealth and fame. the sanctity of Lum Shyllong.
In addition, the Shad Lakhempong will also host a Bamboo Exhibition.
The Seiñkur Nongtdu Pyllun, as usual, will hold its General Meeting on the 26th July at 12:00 pm.
He said that after inspection, it was found that the Challans used by these 13 coal trucks were forged, because the stamp and signature were forged. also does not match the true Challan.
In the evening, the weather deteriorated further, when another pyrthat started at 6.30 pm and the pyrthat tied the dorbar hall of the village, which was destroyed. At 10 pm, before he stopped completely, he tied and killed an elderly pig belonging to Pli Buhtep, said the Sordar.
All nine goals for Khliehmawlieh were scored by Rodyson Dkhar in the 14th minute and Sharan Sing Nonglang in the 14th minute. Istarbon Marngar scored in the 69th minute, Lenny Kravity Lyngdoh in the 71st minute, Dadap Marwein in the 73rd minute, Kynjai Marthong scored the first goal in the 83rd minute and substitute Rishotbor Lyngdoh scored the second goal in the 90+3 minute.
“We urge them not to create any instability in the state, we understand that the youth are angry but we will wait and see later,” he added.
He also clarified on the allegations of other political parties and also on their labeling of NPP leaders as High Level by saying, “We are high level but high level. to bring development schemes and benefits for the people and not like those menthus as alleged by some opponents”.
The announcement of the final list has been made from among the selected girls who have been selected to perform in Goa.
Daniel Goncalves scored the third goal in the 90+7 minutes to give Lajong 1 point.
The Special Session of the KHADC on Saturday approved the VAB after the rules laid down earlier were lifted on the orders of the state government.
“We will continue to do whatever is necessary on this Mawpat law,” he said.
, of myself & of anyone); the comment was a suggestion for a proper investigation on the subject(theological pupil) matter and the idea of ​​assertion.
He said that as a school, it teaches, educates and trains the children in various ways, not only in education, but how to respect human dignity and to love the country. especially to be chess.
Nidamon said that on the letter sent by the DC East Jaintia Hills, they have decided to convene an emergency meeting tomorrow to take a decision on whether to suspend or continue the protest of the JAC. All members of the JAC are requested to attend this meeting so that the objectives of the JAC will be achieved.
It is a difficult challenge but you have to try because you cannot say or say that all those who come to listen to you; it is either right or wrong, but everyone needs to understand that in these times you should not fall into deception, deceit and exploitation, or think only of your own interests. , if only this is the only thing you can decide.
The source said that these AKKA groups are currently on the top of a hill between Niangchigre and Riangdim villages. It is said that due to the flood, they were stuck in the middle of the mountain.
Another issue that Nonglong has expressed in his resignation letter is that four MLAs in the Legislative Assembly are on the opposition side of the NPP, while four MDCs are on the opposition side. “How can they obey and oppose at the same time?” he asked. “How can they obey and oppose at the same time?” he asked. Dr Mukul Sangma's attempt to eliminate the use of weapons by the same people to become MDCs and MLAs is the right attempt. eh.
In a statement from the CS's office, it said that many people do not respect the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today in liquor shops. understand the public to respect the rules inside and outside the shop.
Therefore, you must be able to do this.
Khliehriat, Nailar 20 : The body of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh was buried at the Larnai Presbyterian Church in West Jaintia Hills District today. The family and friends of the Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association (JTOA) have expressed their deep sorrow over the loss of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh. thieves who can never be known.
The study, published in the journal Health and Social Behavior, surveyed 2,800 middle-aged adults and women.
After forgetting what was promised on 06/07/2020, the Union has sent a letter of reminder to the Director Health Services Dr.A.War regarding his promises but no reply has been received yet. villages have been destroyed.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Shanmuga Nathan, today attended a Yoga class at the Garrison Ground, Rhino Training Centre, Shillong. NCC in the state to participate in the Yoga training at 14 venues in the state.
Furthermore, there were Urban LED vehicles at the venue, which expressed the intention to increase the benefits of these schemes for the beneficiaries and to promote the development works in the country. through new programs.
Arunachal beat them by 61 runs in 26 overs.
In the junior girls' 42 kg category, Dayalanki Challan of West Jaintia Hills defeated Sritee Kumari of West Jaintia Hills to win the gold medal while Aurialla Wasabi K Marak and Jaksal Arimchi T Sangma won the gold medal. received the bronze medal.
But when they act on their own purpose and pleasure according to their beliefs.
“The Jirang constituency since the independence of Meghalaya has received leaders from outside the constituency and it needs change,” he said.
He said that the department has decided to provide uninterrupted water to all the residents of the four villages after the implementation of these new schemes.
They don't work to stay together to please their parents but struggle to run far away from home.
TUR demands that all BOCW members should support the rs.10 renewal which has prevented many from receiving support from BOCW. It is unfortunate that the helpline phone numbers are not working and this has caused problems to the employees/employees.
Shillong, July 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawryngkneng Circle through its Farmer Cell has conducted an awareness program cum training on the use of natural fertilizers for the farmers of Mawryngkneng area. on the 15th of July at the Community Hall, Mawryngkneng.
There was a lot of excitement and laughter after these poetry readings and performances by the Padmashree winner Dr Sunil Jogi.
The program was held under the title “Mission Unite 2.0” at Umpling Dongrum today in the presence of youth, members of women's organizations, youth organizations and elders.
Shillong: The Football Training Center of Chaphrang Sports Club Barato invites children from 5 years to 16 years of age, who are interested in receiving football training for the year
Speaking to reporters, Sandondor said he has sent his resignation letter to HSPDP President KP Pangniang.
Shillong: On 16th July 2020, the Dorbar Shnong Kuliang has arrested 11 Bangladeshis including women, men and children who tried to smuggle into India without documents and by passing through Kuliang village.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms RM Kurbah, congratulated the office of the DSO and MACS, for taking the initiative to conduct such a program to exchange ideas among the youth in the district. Such programs will greatly assist the youth in how to improve their own lives.
The film has been subtitled in English and will be screened on both days of the programme. Sympathetic.
“This is an unprecedented incident, but through the treatment of this man, it has encouraged the patients who have suffered accidents to be treated at NEIGRHIMS,” said Saikia. He explained that this ability to complete this task is also for the benefit of the doctors who are increasingly skilled in treatment.
The aim of this program is to train students to choose their fields of study according to their abilities and interests.
Car passes that had been issued that were not related to these activities have been cancelled.
Scheme : means development is the work to be carried out as intended to improve oneself, society and humanity; development should grow and flourish in any area of ​​life of individuals or in society.
Police sources said that a truck has burnt down in Mawthungkper, West Khasi Hills, causing damage to T.65 lakh and the driver. spirit was wounded.
The preachers on these days are Pastor RF Kharkrang at 10 pm, Pastor L. Nongphlang at 1 pm and Pastor DrBJ Syiemlieh at 6 pm.
When they searched the village, they sent to check on the road the drivers of vehicles going to Mawsynram and the drivers found that some of the ïit had been broken.
He also urged these teachers to continue their efforts to develop more and more symbols of writing like these which will build the society and promote Khasi literature in the form of writings in the Khasi language. court religion.
Sohra recorded 13.7 degrees Celsius, 4.8 degrees Celsius and Umiam recorded 17.7 degrees Celsius and 3.4 degrees Celsius.
The storm will be visible from Australia, Asia, Africa and Europe and will last for about three hours.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that Meghalaya has received a reputation and a high status from the Geographical Indication (GI) for the quality of Lakadong shynrai produced from Meghalaya.
The prices of the coal that have been extracted will be calculated by the committee which will inspect the coal mines.
On the HSSLC, there will be about 40,000 students who will sit for the examination including students from Science Stream, Arts Stream, Commerce Stream and Vocational Stream.
Earlier, the Delimitation Committee submitted its report to the EC on November
During his visit to Mukroh, the Minister also met with the leaders of various political parties who opposed the shooting death of the Assam police.
On this occasion, the FKJGP Western Zone has expressed its concern over the increasing number of shyiap trucks in the area. The area has been hit by a snowstorm which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers due to the heavy traffic of shyiap trucks passing through the area.
East Khasi Hills has 40 active cases, West Garo Hills 12, Ri Bhoi 29, West Jaintia Hills 13, South West Garo Hills 6, South West Khasi Hills 9, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 12 and East Garo Hills
Thank You God.
The Prime Minister has always said and believes that India will grow if the States grow”.
Further, he added, “Parents in turn will have to understand their children better.
He urged the All Meghalaya Maxi Cab to come forward and not to rely solely on the EKHLTWA.
Example: Residents of the village: How are you? Hard right? : f lng how? Khlñ m? (u 'f' is not in the Khasi alphabet)Go to church : lt sh jiasngThe manner of honor : k aker k burmYou must not forget the language : you must not forget the language bah other other).
“We want to include War Jaintia on the World Map or to showcase it to the world as one of the most beautiful places to visit because War Jaintia is rich in ancient sites and has been recognized by the ASI or Archaeological Survey. of India," said Reachingson.
The State Reservation Policy will change to 80% of the residents of Meghalaya, regardless of whether they are Khasi-Jaintia or Garo. or their skill in the work.
“We have met with the Deputy Commissioner and on our part we have requested him to ensure that no one can register this tourist attraction in Mawsynram. “It's a village that has received the heaviest rainfall in the world,” said the members of the Executive Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram.
“Let the ksiang start holding meetings and after that they will let the Government know what to do,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, when asked when the peace talks will start.
It is usually grown in areas where the temperature is between 10 degrees Celsius and 28 degrees Celsius and Meghalaya is the best place to grow more of these species.
He said that the NPP accepts constructive comments but there are comments just to criticize just because the MP elections are approaching. “There are many comments but we see through social media, comments only to criticize the NPP-led government, you people don't listen to such comments but go ahead,” he said. Gavin said.
The Congress Leader in KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the reason for the no confidence motion against the Executive Committee of KHADC is to explain the working methods of the EC where there are some issues.
Thangskai Tiger will play against Dhana SC and Khliehriat West YWSC against Moolamanoh SC on the 9th of November. Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized 119 vehicles and two wheelers. Those who install exhaust pipes that produce a loud noise and those who replace them will be fined T.5000 each.
Speaking to media, Teiborlang Pathaw said that he has already informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ptestone Tynsong.
Pastors are now exempt from the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act and will perform marriages under the Indian Christian Marriage Act
At the same time, he said that as the leader of the first group in the 81st century, he wants all the soldiers who have participated in the hill state struggle from all the districts in the state, to They will form a special group to demand from the Government of India to separate Khasi Jaintia and Garo.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Khonshnong, West Jaintia Hills, through a message sent by Sumarhok Passah, Waheh Shnong Khonshnong, has strongly condemned those robbers and bloodthirsty people who are willing to take the lives of people just to get Money to earn a living.
Have these kinds of ideas united the nation or divided the nation? Those who oppose the nation say, 'Those who divide the nation are the violators of customs' but how do you violate customs?
About halfway to the right, there is a stone well called the Kor Shongthait Ka Shon Mai, which was built to rest.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: Santee Shylla is one of the 35 ANM nurses in India who has received the National Florence Nightingale Award from the President of India.
Make up artist, Vella Diengdoh and Sagie Lyngdoh.
“It is surprising how the work that our Khasi have been able to do, but the poiei from other states have been able to do them, so the KSU Mawkhar Circle has been able to do the work. “I urge the contractors to employ the Khasi first,” said the President of KSU Mawkhar Circle.
FKJGP Langdongdai Unit President Judis Dkhar said the party is not against the detention of Garo people but against them because they are insurgents.
I went to study for a Licentiate in Missiology at the Pontifical Urban University in Rome on a scholarship approved by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh at that time when he was the head of the Diocese of Nongstoin,” he said.
This is also the first time in the history of Meghalaya that such a sport has won a medal in Pankration.
They were questioned by the Village Leaders and found that they did not have any transit pass/E-pass issued by DC/Advisory Certificate/Quarantine Booklet. They have only a bus ticket from Guwahati to Silchar, but they are working in Meghalaya.
However, Bah Ernest's statement is that there may be some who have been offered money to provide funds,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. get the book of the people.
Even if they have to take any decision and create other ways, they cannot because they are too busy.
In a tragic incident, a young man died after falling into a hundreds of feet deep into a river while he was having fun with a friend inside a place. Mawmluh, Sohra, is a well-known tourist attraction.
Teach the youth of the Scheduled Tribe of Meghalaya to work hard and not to go to the shops but to compete with the Indigenous Tribes of Meghalaya by winning with the merit of 80% Indigenous. Meghalaya Scheduled Tribe for government jobs and education in various technical fields.
Therefore, the leader of Young Minds, invites the people of Hynniewtrep as well as foreigners to witness and experience the traditional food on this day, along with various entertainment programs and requested He also urged the people who witnessed the event to follow the government's guidelines on the measures to prevent the spread of Covid-1
On this occasion, the party has also decided to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State Government, to discuss many of the issues that the party itself wants to discuss with the MDA2 Government. At the same time, the KHADC strongly condemns those women who are in charge of the mynder 10 days after the raid by the KHADC on the illegal shops along the GS road from Motphran to Umsohsun, and It also warns those women leaders not to go out and protect the khar poi just for their own sake.
Shillong: Shillong received 11.5mm of rainfall today while 15.7mm today; In Sohra, the rainfall was 86.6mm yesterday and 45.6mm today.
Therefore, the word was removed from the record of the debates in the House.
The State Government has also received suggestions from prominent institutions and departments such as IIM Shillong, NIT Shillong and North East Space Application Center (NESAC).
On the other hand, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, in which he said, “The judgment is yours, even though many candidates have criticized the Congress party”. leave and tell the people what kind of leader I have been.
The Assam government has resumed its harassment of the people of the border area in the name of development only to forcibly acquire land in the border areas of Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills District and Mokoiram, West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
“Prestone said that the state police will soon leave for Rajasthan to investigate the incident which led to the death of the student.
Sanju, along with three of his friends, abducted the girl's father from his shop in Dwarka on Sunday morning.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club today, Bah Enboklang Nonglang, one of the children of the Hima, said that the Hima cannot provide assistance to every resident.
Shillong, July 29 : Khliehriat Higher Secondary School has won the U-17 (Girls) category of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament Hills District, while Le Shnong Upper Primary School and Wapung Higher Secondary School won the U-14 (Boys) and U-17 (Boys) categories.
When this reporter visited the office of the Board in Laban, it was found that the office was empty because the employees were having difficulty in going to the office due to the ringing of the plate after not receiving their salary. been months now.
He said that while the people are still protesting, it is enough for the Prime Minister to think carefully about this issue.
The CSWO said that there are 12 women who have been tortured in Tura but only 11 have received a medical certificate issued during one of the investigations.
The main purpose of this award ceremony for the manufacturers and craftsmen is to recognize their skills in the manufacture of various types of items or crafts.
“But glad that now the students are in safe hands," he said.
Mufti Asad Qasmi, Muslim leader of Darul Uloom Deoband, said, “This is not new.
Conrad also showed the history of NEIGRIHMS which was established under the Meghalaya Registration of Societies Act 1983 by the Government of India in 1987 and stands as an autonomous institute in Shillong.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC-CEC) fully supports the strike of the ASHA workers and urges the Government to resolve their issue as soon as possible.
The total number of cases has risen to
The total number of voters in the state is 1059109 males and 1081342 females.
In the past, they had invited the people to rally against the factory saying that it affects the environment but now it doesn't affect the environment anymore when the plan is complete. .
It is to be recalled that various programs such as the public awareness program on the POCSO and Juvenile Justice Act and others such as the programs for the health of girls and mothers. The ICDS Office and the Block Mission Coordinator (BMC), SSA have organized programs for the students at various schools and places. On the 28th of November, the Sein Kur Pale confirmed its office at Umpawin, Ri Bhoi District.
Before the elections, many people did not give any hope to the party because it is new and especially that it goes to the people with love and fight against the distribution of money.
There are also schemes for which the government has applied for funds from the NEC, he said.
It is learned that while the boy was sitting with his brother, Amos Synkon from the same village came to ask the boy or to have sex with the boy, but because the boy was with him, He didn't escape at all and finally he called and sent him outside where he took him to a quiet place to throw him from the neck and shoot him until he died and he broke him again. the village is full of water.
The mother of the deceased son, Daphiralin Jyrwa of Mawthawñiaw, has given birth to a son, a tourist taxi driver.
, while the Chilliangraij brought the 'Khnong Blai' to Loom Sooïung, New Hills Jowai and from there all the children of the Kmai Raij left by the same route.
Thousands of spectators from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia as well as from abroad including tourists are expected to attend the festival on the closing day.
Speaking to reporters at the scene, Rymbui said that the state government has taken seriously on this issue despite the many allegations that the government is sleeping.
This is according to a statement by Bah Carmel Fredrick Malngiang, Wahkaliar, Sohra.
Shillong: Replying to a question on the party's decision on the appointment of CEM, Jaiaw MDC Titosterwell, Teinwell, said that the party has decided under the leadership of Jaiaw. Dr Donkupar Roy said, “It doesn't mean that because Dr Don has passed away, all the decisions of the party die together”.
I don't want to hurt you, the owner of the land.
One hornet can bite many people.
However, even those who have been affected are suffering especially in Shillong which is not a place to experience such heat.
The electricity supply to the village came after the initiative of the village leaders under the leadership of the Village Secretary Histokrist Pachiang and the Rangbah Shnong Monbait Tyngkan.
Or, why do the children have to pay their own computer fees to pay their Computer Teachers every month?
The UDP leader, who is also a minister, said this after the VPP won the Lok Sabha MP election from Shillong Parliamentary constituency in the results announced on Tuesday.
“He also recalled that he has seen how the government has been especially from 2003 to 2018 when the elections are approaching they start blaming the bigger party with the aim of deceiving them. paid voters.
Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the title by winning the match 4-2
In the second semi final of the tournament, Laban Bengali Boys School won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 130 runs for the loss of four wickets in 15 overs. .
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Dr MG Raghavendra Kumar, on Tuesday said that the ANTF seized 66.46 grams of heroin near the Khasi headquarters. Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and arrested one person.
We don't demand anything from the Government of India or other states, we don't demand their rivers or hills, their shyiap or their stone, but we demand the right to self existence, therefore “The rights that belong to us will have to be restored by the Hindu government,” said the statement. The statement also said that the celebration of the Republic Day is only a “Where will you find that choice of the people, when our people have been forced to sign by being shot with guns to violate the Standstill Agreement
If they fail to work, their wages are cut and female workers do not get maternity leave.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Civil Sub Division, Conrad praised his father, (L) Purno Sangma, saying that Purno has a close relationship with the people of Dalu and it is his wish. he did not bring about the development of Dalu, because he (Purno) used to go to school in Dalu.
Persons to be appointed as members of the council must be outstanding in education or contribution to the state, outstanding in sports, outstanding women, businessmen Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
Now I can't listen to you anymore.
Shillong, July 19: About 62 children of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij (KSC) have come to take part in the Children's Tournament of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij, which came to an end today at Lyngkyrdem. , East Khasi Hills.
Hooid on you tube it seems like I'm teaching Kumar Sanu, but I'm not teaching but I'm teaching Khasi song.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MHSE) has announced that it will release the results of the HSSLC Examinations, 2023 for the Science, Commerce and Vocational Examinations, on 9th June
On the other hand, Saleng strongly criticized the government because before the elections his house was bombed and they tried to shoot him dead, but he escaped from the hands of these robbers.
This shows that the government's rules for Covid-19 work well only for the indigenous people and not for foreigners.
According to the reports, the KSU has already collected some money for this purpose, but the question was raised where the money in honor of Bah Hoping will go.
The CEMs include Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, former HSPDP MDC from Nongkrem, Adelberth Nongrum, KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Pynshngain N Syiem, Congress MDC from Mawsynram and Hispreachingson. Shylla, MDC from Nongkrem Constituency has won the mid-term elections from the UDP and joined the NPP. Nongkrem Constituency has two CEMs. Hispreaching Son Shylla has been appointed as the new CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHDA).
If you have any information, please call 0364-2222214, in-charge of Jhalupara OP at 0364-2547600 or SP office Crime Branch (Missing Person Desk) at
The body was found near Amlympiang village in Amlarem Sub Division on the Bangladesh border.
At the same time, Conrad congratulated the Home Minister, Amit Shah, who has led the two states towards the border settlement in a peaceful manner.
The order came after many incidents of violence, which have happened around Shillong, especially in the evening, where it is also prohibited that those involved in violating the law, will be brought to justice. of Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
At the same time, Bah Jyrwa said that what is surprising is that when the union sent its personnel to do this to pay the money to the workers, only two days later the NOC was received. “If you spend money, you can get it in just two days,” said Bah Jyrwa and admitted that the employees of the office have demanded T.300 to T.1000 for getting the NOC within two days.
“The idea is that the Haat should not be crowded or crowded,” said the rules of the meeting and the market day should be once a month and this will be decided by the Haat Management Committee. .
Shillong, Nailur 27: The CSWO has urged the HNLC to lift the 24 hour curfew from 6 pm on 1st March to 6 pm on 2nd March due to the celebration. Durga Puja.
Shillong, July 27: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday announced that it will be able to lead the government after the elections in June.
Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor said it is surprising how more employees than the Council receives.
We demand that the PWD department should take responsibility and inspect the construction of the road, otherwise we will not be able to join the people in showing their strength by restoring this clean colour. just done," he said.
The road connecting Rongsak to Denajekgre is still in poor condition as the contractor has not completed the construction of it even after three years.
The BVFCL has launched a drone in Dambo Rongjeng, Silchang Gittim, East Garo Hills district.
Defenders: Ngariyambam Abhi-jit, Mohammed Kaif, Yaipha-remba Chingakham, Usham Thoun -gamba, Vumlenlal Hangshing, Chingtham Renin Singh & Karish Soram.
The NSF had earlier demanded that Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio should include Dimapur in the ILP. five suspected US soldiers working with the Syrian Democratic Forces.
Taiwan's Defense Ministry on Tuesday said it had spotted two Russian warships in parts of its eastern waters on Tuesday.
Kevin Rymbai scored the winning goal in the 10th minute while Sohmynting couldn't score until the end of the first minute. They wanted to win the point in the match.
He said that the way of selling Khasi and English cows is different because Khasi cows are not weighed per kilo but they are sold in groups while English cows are sold in kilos.
Yudhvir Singh, leader of the Bhartiya Kisan Union, said that the farmers demand that the three farmers' laws should be repealed by the government, while Tomar said that they want the government to repeal the three farmers' laws. Parts of the farmers' opposition to the farmers' laws should be amended.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday dismissed the petition seeking the recognition of the Khasi Niam Tre as a minority religion. they removed.
The meeting was conducted by the State President of BJYM Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, has declined to comment on the resignation of Minister Roshan Warjri.
Before that, in 1964, he became the Assistant Headmaster of Langtor Government Aided High School.
The project has been allocated at a cost of Rs 62.44 crore and will be implemented according to the preparations of the Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
He also explained that Bah Pangñiang has promised to work hard to get the funds for the construction of the teachers' quarters of the school, for the convenience of the teachers.
“However, soon, we will take a decision whether to accept or reject the proposal of the state government to increase our salary by T.1,000,” said Kong Myrsing. The union has decided to wait for the government to set up committees at the district level to look into our demands.
However, it is said that North Korea does not listen to their warnings and goes its own way, of its own free will.
However, they are trying to mislead the people by saying that they will pass a law in such a way that the residents of the state will not be able to participate and only foreigners will be allowed.
“On the role of the District Council, Bah Wahlang said, “Regarding the disposal of waste, in fact today, we have discussed only one of the most important orders of the District. Council which empowers the Rangbah Shnongs to impose fines on the residents who live outside the Municipal and with this empowerment of the Rangbah Shnongs we will be able to implement the rules and regulations and I hope that the Rangbah Shnongs will use their powers. bestowed upon them according to the law.
This is the eternal kingdom.
Is this the spirit of God's sympathy? You blei aiu like that.
From the beginning of the census, until the foundation of the Hima Jaintia in 1500 AD, Labang Nangphyllut District fell under the Hima Jaintia.
On the BJP's withdrawal from the MDA government, Ernest said he could not answer on this issue as the authorities had not yet ordered anything.
“This is the first time that a phone can be borrowed and this allows many people to use it,” the report said.
Leave on for about 20 minutes and rinse with a mild soap.
It is estimated that there are 2 crore children in need and this could increase to 2.4 crore by
In the past 24 hours, Tamil Nadu has reported 35,483 cases, Maharashtra 26,672, Karnataka 25,979, Kerala 25,820, Andhra Pradesh 18,767, followed by Uttar Pradesh. the state, which has the highest number of cases so far.
He said that it is the media that should check whether the various government schemes implemented by the government reach the people because sometimes there are those who take advantage of many government schemes.
Shillong, Lber 21: Commenting on the speech of Governor Phagu Chauhan in the House today that the MLA election 2023 will be smooth and fair, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, He said it was not a clean and fair election as there was a lot of money laundering in many places.
To mark the celebration of this day, the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong including Samla Artison Khongstid who is the President and members of the Seng Samla Shnong have held a program to celebrate the Silver Jubilee. also the month of joy.
If you have forgotten or if you haven't read it, let me remind you that God said to Peter, "What God hath cleansed, call not thou common.
Other speakers were Damian War, Waheh Shnong of Namdong-B, Briwon Pohshna of Ummulong, CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat, MDC Jesse Suiam, NPYF Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope and Jowai MLA. NPP West Jaintia Hills President Wailadmiki Shylla confirmed the office bearers of the Nartiang Block Committee, Mawhati MLA and Minister of State Dasakhiat Lamare and Ngaitlang Dhar. NPP President Nartiang.
This is according to a statement sent by T.Bn.
The second semi final will be played tomorrow 21st June between Khliehmuchut Shangpung and Mookyrdup at 3 pm.
He admitted that the Congress will not come back to power in the state because it has not been able to show the works and the inability to bring about development under the leadership of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Admitting that the scheme has not been implemented in the constituency since 2010-2011, the Minister of Community and Rural Development, Prestone Tynsong, said that some parts of the scheme in Mawlai constituency have been implemented. you census city.
Shillong: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today visited Langpih to inspect the border issues in the state. place.
He said that he has already brought this to the attention of the government in the House since 2018 and also in 2019 which has been two years, but till date, the government has not done anything.
Therefore, the ownership of land is our top priority.
In her opening remarks, C.Kharkongngor, IAS said that this day is celebrated as the Day Against Terrorism across the country to commemorate the death anniversary of the former Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi, who was shot dead by the terrorists on this day.
“I want the elections to be held in six months and I will convey my feelings and those of my fellow members to the state government,” said Bah Shylla.
Ma Pdianghun Dkhar was the General Secretary of EJDSA before becoming the Working President.
"Our demand is for a separate flag of Nagaland, its own constitution and if the Indian government does not accept it, there is no other way to reach peace," Muivah said. The meeting was held at the NSCN-IM headquarters in Hebron.
Thus, as we are now, we have become intelligent people and we have increased steadily in knowledge over time.
“This is the behavior of the drivers who don't care about others who have been waiting and standing in line on the right road,” said some drivers passing through the Umïam Bridge.
In Meghalaya, three oxygen production plants will be set up, one in East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
“The state government should prepare appropriate rules at its discretion for the permission to mine coal under the MMDR Act 1957 and submit a copy to the court,” said the order. The hearing was held by all the judges under the chairmanship of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee today.
The BJP in Delhi has appointed Rikman as the President of the BJP in Meghalaya in place of Ernest Mawrie.
To upgrade the school to a higher secondary school, u Bah Metbah agreed that the school needs to be upgraded to a higher secondary school.
Speaking on the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY), Dr Murugan said the priority of the central government is to improve the livelihoods of the country's fisheries sector.
The jhur was also exported to Upper and Lower Assam, Silchar, Agartala, Siliguri, Mizoram, Manipur and Nagaland.
However, the elders of the village, the father of the woman and the Sordar Shnong did not allow and fought as hard as they could to calm the crowd, explaining that they should not take the law against them. the hand, for it is not right.
All this has been accepted and implemented, what else is left? The FKS leaders now have the right to leave and tie the doors of the Government of India as they have done for decades with the Congress Government in Delhi, but what has happened? Fortunately, there are still District Councils who are working with them and who are still thinking about how to improve their working methods, to make it easier for thousands of children.
Zandy Myrthong, President of the Union of Youth Organizations of Warsanlyngdoh Area, said that after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of the district, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, She also invited the Assistant Executive Engineer of PWD (R) Mawsaw Division to have a smooth and orderly discussion.
Also present on the occasion were the Commissioner and Secretary Social Welfare T.Dkhar, officials of the State Bank of India (SBI) and members of the Self Help Groups of the area.
Sohra: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Friday, stressed on the need to improve the teaching methods in schools.
When asked why the government has not released 100% of the places of worship, Prestone said the decision to increase from 1/3 to 75% is based on the opinion of the religious leaders. different in the state.
Shillong, July 5: U Firstday Diengngan has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 2nd of this month while the Dorbar Shnong was in progress at Sdaddkhar (WKH), Eveningwell Diengngan had threatened him.
He said the state government has taken action after the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya to suspend the powers of Rangbah Shnong and therefore, the Prime Minister has convened a meeting with all the Chief Executive Members. , CEMs, political parties to discuss how to strengthen the Dorbar Shnongs in a manner recognized by law.
According to the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court, only 12 tonnes of shun were allowed to be imported.
On the other hand, he expressed his gratitude to all the officers and doctors who have worked hard for the completion of this hospital.
The Secretary of HFU Thadlaskein Block, Bah Chanbor Rymbai, has urged the farmers to identify crops that can generate income and also that can be cultivated without the use of pesticides. and the land shall not be destroyed.
Amlarem Govt LP School and Padu United FC (A) are the two schools that will qualify for the district level after winning the Block Level CM U-12 Football Tournament.
However, the intention of the French cannot divide the Jaitbynriew because we have a strong and well-founded kur census because the French cannot separate the kur relationship between the Chalam of Pnar, the Shabong of Khynriam and the Mukhim of War. The Laloo of Pnar, the Lamin of War and the Diengdoh of Khynriam are also Shikur, many other Kurs from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep are still Shikur.
He said that those who wish to get tikka at private hospitals will have to pay 250 tyngka and this will continue.
At the meeting held on 23rd November 2020, these organizations condemned the attack on the robber and demanded that the robber should be punished severely so that This is not the first time that this thief has attacked women and children in this village.
The family member of the deceased said that one of the employees of the 108, had informed them that there was no ambulance at that time and that they would immediately send any ambulance available.
Speaking on the threat of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, which the government intends to grant full Indian citizenship to minorities from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan, Samuel said, “We ask them to Therefore, we say that ILP is needed in the North Eastern states. So far only Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Mizoram have ILP. “If the government raids the power, it will be up to us to oppose the invasion of our country,” he said. Chairman of NESO and former President of KSU, Samuel said that if the Indian government implements the Act, Meghalaya will be the first to be affected. Bangladesh, “We will be affected first, they will enter from here and there and they will become Indian citizens, if not from here they will enter through Assam, and they will become Indian citizens. I'm going to be here in my state,” he said.
“Since independence, our relationship with the flag has become more formal and conditional than our personal relationship and the Har Ghar Tiranga program aims to encourage people to bring the flag to his house and hoist it as a symbol of the 75th anniversary of India's independence," he said.
Ortega will now have the opportunity to showcase his skills in the final of the Premier League and FA Cup.
In another development, the KSU Jaintia Hills, wrote on its website, which also showed a picture of the police chief, who went to Khliehriat, saying, “The Public Hearing of the Star has failed. Cement, DIG from Shillong"
Kronlin said that the CBI has not investigated the matter.
In the 1st Division, Snapkirang FC beat Photjaud SCC 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has urged the Meghalaya government to take action on the proposal of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
In these days, it cannot be said that the gun owners have misused and violated all the rules laid down by the government in the license.
“If we stop now or don't stop, the areas where the mountain has been dug may have an earthquake.
According to the rules, the dorbar should be held every six months but this time the government has not held a dorbar in November as it has already held a special dorbar in November to pass the GST. It should be held by November 12,” said Mondal.
The inauguration ceremony was also attended by Dr C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning, Arpit Upadhyaya Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District. Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Prime Hub has been inaugurated. The opening ceremony was not only to improve income but also to bring about changes and improvements in all aspects compared to the past, especially the IVCS which are tools to help improve the quality of education. The Prime Hub will serve as a training centre, a meeting place and especially to showcase the market for income generation.
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed in a US airstrike on Tuesday.
Both of them were seriously injured and rushed to Woodland WK Hospital, but Dihacianlang died and Sajeki was seriously injured. to Shillong.
“We have spoken to the British government on this issue,” said Home Minister S Jaishankar.
Vincent H. Pala, MP, Lok Sabha, Mayraldborn Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Umsning MLA, Damanbait were present at the ceremony. Lamare, Umroi MLA, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, RBYF leaders, elders and teachers.
In the case of roads and paths, the total number of schemes implemented is 77.25 crore tyngka.
The elite and junior cross country events were held in the men's category.
“The impact will not only be on the courts but on the people and if it falls under the CrPC it will be very difficult,” he said. the District Council.
It is through the report of the Comptroller Auditor General, which shows that the State Government, has lost revenue, due to the improper behavior of the Transport Department, in the management of parking lots and now. The Ministry of Transport and Communications has been closing down these bridges since 8th July and this has resulted in the theft of mineral resources, illegal payment of taxes and others. The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MCTOOA) said in a statement that the truck owners and operators association (MCTOOA) has been working with the Ministry of Transport and Communications.
The Block Development Officer of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawrynniang, MSC has lodged a complaint at Mawkyrwat Police Station and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
In a statement sent by the teachers, who did not want to be named, they said that many of them have reached the age of employment in the government and they are no longer interested in looking for jobs especially in this field. There is a terrible unemployment rate even among non-government employees.
On the other hand, Samla Johnny Nongrum expressed his gratitude to the KSU for their welcome and encouragement from the top leaders, and hoped that in the future he will continue to bring more and more name. and glory for the country and the nation in the days to come.
Saket Gokhale, spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress, wrote on Twitter that when Gujarat police questioned him, they accused him of There is a young man in Meghalaya named “W Lyngdoh”.
“I am sure that one day you will be able to compete in the Olympics and I am sure that your family will be proud of you,” said Conrad.
At the end of the first half, Kerala Blasters took a 2-1 lead.
Toi, although the investigation by the Tura Police into the rape of a student at Tura Campus is ongoing, the NEHU authorities should not take stingy on this matter because in , the Supreme Court has banned ragging, and the University Grants Commission (UGC), the AICTE and the Medical Council of India (MCI) have banned ragging. rules prohibiting anyone from assaulting or ragging any students in universities.
Two teams of CRPF and Indian Reserve Battalion were also present on the trip, but they were arrested by the crowd who blocked their way at Lumbung.
Mr. Mighter was once a school teacher and later worked as a coal miner to Bangladesh like other coal transporters.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today dismissed the case on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Pastor TJ Moksha of CTC, Shillong, said that his church has received 20,000 square feet of land and Brave Roy of Pynthor Catholic Church, Umkhrah, said that they have received 20,000 square feet of land. 50,000 square feet in 2009, opposite the Catholic Cemetery in Lawshyiap, while Bah I Marbaniang of Nongmensong Catholic Church, said that they received 35,000 square feet on 26th June 2014 in Mawroh.
Government Drivers.
Besides, after witnessing with their own eyes, it was seen that the installation of these zebra lines has been completed.
Of these, 309 have received their degrees through Distance Education at DBU-Global and 208 have received their B.Tech degrees; M.Tech(41); MSW(54); MCA(20); MBA(34); MA Psychological counseling(9); MA-Human Rights(5); MA Mass communication(4); MA Education(7); M.Sc Physics(13); Master of Life science(14); PhD(6).
In another development, the Minister of Revenue, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said, “The incident ha Balakhawa has been a shock to us and it is the duty of the Government to “It will look for ways and means to protect the residents in the border areas so that these incidents will not happen again in the future”.
Speaking on the issue of land, the Jirang MDC said that the CSWO has lodged a complaint and demanded from the District Council to remove the Syiem of Raid Myrwet who has sold 10 pieces of land to a person who has sold a piece of land. Ratna Thapa Gogoi, a man of the same name, has two tribes.
The BJYM said that many of the schemes like RAN, RBSY, JSY that the central government has launched to provide health care to the poor but these schemes have not been implemented properly.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Birbor Riangtem, Leader of the Union, said that last year, Bah T.Lyngwa, former Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, visited the area and collected Rangbah Shnongs to discuss development projects and others.
St Xavier's, which failed to bat first, scored 113 runs for the loss of three wickets in 10 overs.
Speaking on the details of the cases, he said that one case is a doctor of Bethany Hospital, two cases are from Bethany Hospital, one case is from Bethany Hospital. One of them is an employee of RP Chest Hospital, one is from NEIGRIHMS and one is a high risk contact of a person who has just returned from abroad.
It is to be recalled that the Christian Multimedia Ministry of the KJP Synod Sepngi was launched in 2012, and since that year there has been a channel called Good News TV. From 2020 onwards, 30th July 2022, the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly has launched its own YouTube Channel. Cable Network kata Channel 278.
Two pig farms were found to have escaped from the MUDA, but the cow farms were found to have been destroyed and had to be covered with turpar.
Selected workplaces will receive a monthly salary of T.1200/- per trainee.
About 40 Principals from Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools attended the meeting.
She said that most of the land in Central Shillong belongs to the army or Defense Land.
We need to elect a BJP candidate from this constituency so that we can build hospitals, schools and colleges besides the bad roads,” he said. The BJP is only for development.
Before the collision, the four vehicles collided with two vehicles (ML 06 4183) and one (ML 05 N 5215) and The owners of these vehicles said that at the time of the collision, they were not there but they were standing farther away from the scene. They went to drive away the vehicle, but they found that the four vehicle had gone to collide with two other vehicles.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Two villagers of Umran Dairy Village in Ri-Bhoi District have been in darkness due to a transformer failure for more than 10 months.
So the question is can we stand alone? The answer is ‘yes’ to most and of course only one or two at most.
In another incident, police have arrested a senior GNLA member from his hideout near Kolapara village on the border.
“He said the party has requested for the amnesty of all the cases filed against the party leaders and members by the Central and State Governments.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawthawtieng, Bah Lamphrang Nongrum, said that he did not know but he had heard from the ancients.
“Therefore, we feel that the talks will continue and we will try our best to resolve these issues,” said the CM.
In Ribhoi, there are 20 cases and 15 cases in NEPA. In West Khasi Hills, there are 40 cases, including 4 health workers, 4 cases in Kynshi Mawphanain, 5 cases in Mawrok Mawliehbah and 15 cases in Nongkroh Rambrai. 4 people.
Konthoujam Bishan Singh from Manipur won the open men's category in 2 hours, 28 minutes and 25 seconds. .
Nongpoh, November 1: The number of HIV-AIDS cases in Meghalaya has reached 7835 and 538 cases have been reported in Ri-Bhoi district alone. .
Vice President RS Marbaniang and N Ahmed, General Secretary Polly Warlarpih, Joint Secretaries SL Rapthap and BK Khongjirem, Treasurer AM Lyngwa, Organizing Secretary S Syiem, Asst Org.
Reddy, who is also the president of the Congress party in Telangana, will take oath on November 7, the party announced.
They were arrested by the Ladrymbai Beat House Police on 19th November
The road in Nalbari, today, was covered with blue colour, with blue clothes covered with blue clothes as a sign of protest against Sarbananda Sonowal, Chief Minister of Assam, over the law. Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The truck (AS-01DD-5227) collided with another person who was standing to watch the incident. The person identified as Shanki Pasi died on the spot. Lovingson Thubru, who was standing nearby, sustained serious injuries and was taken to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai but died of his injuries. too many injuries.
Kharsyiemiong won – Gold
He also urged the students to work hard and have the spirit to fight for the title in every sports, because sports these days is also like a Young people who don't have a shisha are not allowed to play.
“We welcome Dr. Mukul Sangma's campaign that we will not win a single election,” said the Vice President of the party, Bah JA Lyngdoh.
The question arises; Have I lost my golden opportunity? The world is filled with the strong language used by the powerful countries.
Ranu has now returned to her poor life and is said to be in danger of her future, where she will no longer be able to support herself and has had to return to her poor life. ksew, where she will have to go back to the railway station, according to News
“It's different for a woman than for you because it's not easy to wait for a man,” explained Santa's daughter.
Thomas said the party has already decided not to contest the MP election this time.
When we opened the police reserve, the SP of that district said that it was a mistake that we took advantage of the heavy rain and the night to open it at the police station, when we can do it again this morning. you don't know what you're doing.
Agricultural products, especially jhur and soh, are sold on time, which means that if they cannot be sold even for one day, they are lost or destroyed.
To bring benefits to the farmers, which we have already done.
How can we confirm the facts that we do not know about the ownership of Meghalaya's border areas? Therefore, it is only the documents and documents that we need and not more,” said Bah Paul.
He said that he had requested information through RTI for Xerox copies of the documents required to be obtained before starting work in the office but they had refused. The NPP has not been able to provide the date of approval but the office has not been able to provide the documents as requested in the RTI. “It shows that the NPP has not yet received the building permit,” he said.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has warned all drivers of trucks carrying cows to Bangladesh to spread dead cows without being found along the highway. .
However, we also need to involve intellectuals from our State as there are also intellectuals from the indigenous peoples of this State.
Shillong: The Mawutieng Sports and Cultural Club on Tuesday launched the IXth Sohryngkham Football Premier League 2019-20 at Thohlyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham.
Many of the houses, have been covered with bullet marks, there are holes, which have burned in the houses and other houses, which have been destroyed, by the burning, in the morning of April 7, 2023, according to The Sun.
Besides, he said the department has also issued SOPs or what should and should not be done if the cows are suspected of having the disease.
That’s always taking advantage.
The construction of the building was carried out by contractor Rocky Dhar, brother of Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar.
He said that KHADc has collected fines of T.&0,010 tyngka from shopkeepers alone, from shops which sell illegally without license T.2,40,590 tyngka and all the fines are T.&0,010 tyngka. .3,10,600.
The pre quarter final of the 14-year-old boys' category will be played between Marian Hills Higher Secondary School vs. All Saints Diocesan Secondary School, David & Luis Rees Memorial School vs. HK Memorial Secondary School, Riwar Jaintia SOG Secondary School vs Lai Shnong Higher Secondary School, Jowai Government UP & RMSA School vs Ialong Secondary School, Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School vs Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and the match The final will be played between Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School and Saw Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, urges the authorities of the company to dismiss these foreigners, who are its employees and urged the police to arrest and punish these foreigners. , according to the law so that other foreign workers will no longer take advantage of the authority, whether to shoot or kill the people.
He said that according to the ongoing investigation, it shows that these people are not involved in the destruction of cemeteries as has happened around the city and in the destruction of crosses.
According to the child and his family members, the mother of these children, died recently after being caught in an electrical sign and burnt to death. It is for this reason that these children of Khla have been left behind.
¢Do not carry metal objects or GI pipes or any other objects or objects near places where there are electrical signs.
Sngewphuhmut slowly appeared in the shape of the tree that we had become more and more beautiful.
Ghosh arrived at 10 am while Kumar arrived at
The ILP was formerly known as the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation
One of the leaders of the incident, Jammu and Kashmir, Abdullah Bangaroo, was killed in a clash with police.
Prestone said that in a meeting with the Railways officials, they have promised to provide land for the construction of entry & exit points in the state. that they have given the land to build a gate at Mendipathar which has a railway line.
In fact, the implementation of this scheme is necessary because it will alleviate the water shortage in Shillong.
Those who wish to learn more about the production of tea can purchase the book "Indian Tea" by Claud Bald and obtain it from Thacker Spink & Co.
The largest producers of rice are the United States of America, Russia, Canada and India.
Fortunately, in this age, the youth have become more responsible and have the courage to overcome those differences in religion and culture in their own nation.
The MLA said that he is taking great care to improve the quality of education and teachers will be appointed soon in the area. All medicines and doctors and nurses will be provided at this hospital.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (HSPDP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) have opposed the arrival of the passenger train to Shillong, but the RDA supports the arrival of the freight train. only in Canaan.
That is my goal,” said Bah Ransom while speaking at the confirmation meeting of the Executive Committee of the 17th North Shillong Constituency on Saturday held at Mawkhar.
Shillong, Iaiong 5: A strong 'Er Langthari' has struck Shillong today. The storm started at 1:30 pm and did not last long but spread to the houses. the houses, the trees, and the shrubs in its path.
Among them, James Dhar was elected for the first category, Trebokmi Talang for the second category and Sachitra Syrti for the third category.
Replying to the allegation that as an MLA he has not done well for the constituency, Bah Hek said that if the people see that the MLA has not done anything for the constituency, they will not elect him. up to 5 times.
SHILLONG: The Cabinet of Ministers today approved the amendment to the Sixth Schedule and Article 280 of the Constitution of India. strengthen the Autonomous District Councils.
Seven (7) schools including North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Thomas Jones Higher Secondary School, Kiang Nangbah Higher Secondary School, Government Girls Higher Secondary School and Government Boys Higher Secondary School participated in the competition. This competition was organized as part of the North East Festival, 2022 to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Ka Amrit Mohotsav (AKAM) The quiz master was conducted by RS Teron, Block Mission Coordinator (BMC).
The University Grants Commission (UGC) has announced the new curriculum and credit framework for college students in November
We have a new President and we are all working for the good of the party, the people and for the good of the state,” said Bah Hek.
The Rambrai area is very beautiful.
In the Khasi society, there are kurs who are reluctant to do certain works because of the involvement of their ancestors for whatever reason according to the views of those kurs.
Therefore, the Rangbah did not continue the story and had to laugh and talk about the family stories of Bah Shanbor's wife.
say, 'I am the Lord, the God of your fathers. the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath sent me unto you; and this is my name for ever, and this is the memorial of me to all generations" Exodus 3:10-1
Sir Venkataraman, a Madrasi, was able to produce a plant similar to the pai and the siej by crossing the pai and the siej.
Leo Donborlang was shot and injured in the incident.
The children were aged between 8 and 11 years old.
She said that the meeting of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, MLAs and leaders held at Tura on 24th June, 2015, requested more time for the Committee to discuss the issue. The committee has received members from Garo Hills until 28th June,
That has made us angry and we are still worried about our land but sometimes they make us their enemies,” he said.
Saiñkupar said the HNLC also congratulates the Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) for coming forward to express its willingness to participate in the peace talks.
“As a party we have been able to lead the government in the state and also in the District Councils, remember there is no greater victory story than that we have been able to rule the state ourselves,” he said. state.
“He also reminded that before entering the political arena, he was only an entrepreneur and not a businessman.
This is not appropriate for Meghalaya and will create a serious problem for the state.
This information was sent by D.Ryntathiang Genl.
They said that according to the view of the residents, there are some who have gone to work together for personal gain to become the guardians in this mining, even if it affects the lives and livelihoods. of the people who drank water from the wells that flowed from the area.
Through cooperation we can increase income and improve agriculture, said Bah Warjri.
In a statement, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle said that it will continue to monitor the case until the foreigner receives severe punishment.
He said that there are still many outstanding works such as roads, bridges, colleges, schools and so on.
The salary of Executive Members (EM) is T.1,16,8
4) The Special Officer was misled by the Dolloi and released the share of Iew Jarain in the name of the committee known as Amwi Arlyngdoh. Jarain Pvt Market with a check of Rs.40,800 for the year 2016-1
(mgnrega) is an employer of people and upliftment of the people across the rural areas of india. Through this scheme, many projects such as footpaths, roads within the village, fish ponds, football grounds, and Tourism and many jobs can be implemented through this scheme. However, we cannot say that this scheme is also a source of income for the heroes of many village employment committees (vec) such as We have seen or heard through the media whether it is the press media or electronic media we have seen that the misuse of this employment law is that we have heard from time to time their courage to corrupt This scheme has shown many how they are willing to play with the law.
My victory will enable me to help many of the poor, especially those families who have disabled or disabled family members.
“ “Due to the delay of the state government in evicting the Harijans from this area, we have no other option but to show by our actions.
Likewise, the rich and the poor; They don't have time for others, Except for their own.
The next day, which was his coronation day, everyone from mama’s house went along.
Today, Kong Angela and other leaders of the Women's Sengbhalang, led the owners of the houses to meet the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to ask for clarification why they came to do this to the houses. of people without knowledge.
Speaking briefly in the House on the problems of the Khasi residents, u Bah Sylliang said that each household has to pay about T.2000 thousand tyngka (two thousand tyngka), the sying farmers have to pay T. .50,000 tyngka, those who own a tiller have to pay T.20,000 tyngka and those who own a power tiller have to pay T.10,000 tyngka per annum.
Jesus or the Son of Man will sit on that throne of great glory, the great throne to judge the 12 tribes of Israel.
Shillong: The BSF today arrested six Indians near Dawki in West Jaintia Hills and seized 53 cows and a truck. killing of cows and which is against the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Acts.
When the pla is full, put them in a basket or box.
On the other hand, if we tell the truth, although it is not discouraging, it is true that in this age to fight for a vacant government job, thousands of people come to fight and sometimes by tens of thousands.
On the same day, Bah Kitboklang Dorphang was elected as the Secretary Village and 17 new members of the Executive Committee of Sonidan Village were confirmed.
?" Men Kmie asked again.
Shillong: The Awakening Indian Movement, led by Banshai Marbaniang, in the presence of Louis Dohtdong President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) and other concerned groups, election and sending of Legislators to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, held a public hearing on the election of Legislators to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya.
The HNLC has ordered those employees of the NPP to leave the party immediately and not to join the party at all and to do so within six months. The Council will take strict decisions against the workers of the party in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills.
Ma Lakhon Biam is an MDC of JHADC and has also held the post of Chairman of JHADC. Raliang Constituency at the public meeting of Nangbah Village Council held on the 19th November 2022 at Iawmusiang Muknor.
All Indians have the right to move freely in India, but according to Article 19(5) the States have the right to restrict freedom of movement, but one of the provisions of “It is necessary to protect the Scheduled Tribes, and we should not hesitate to delay the passage of the MRSSA Ordinance,” he added.
Egenstar Kurkalang, President of BJYM Meghalaya, said, “It should be understood that the youth of today are no longer stupid. They stir up strife and division among the people as religious feelings.
Thakuria scored 2/17 in 4 overs and match points of 7/68 and Benedict scored 2/38 in 9 overs.
Speaking on the occasion, Pullstar Nongiej, candidate of the party, said that the involvement of women as supporters of the party has encouraged the party in all aspects.
On receiving the information, the residents gathered at the police station to express their anger over the incident.
This is an attempt by these groups to force the people (Khasi-Pnar) to be in Assam,” said HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin in an interview with the media after the meeting with the DGP. “We have urged the DGP to take action to provide security to our people living on the border.
They have not yet lodged a complaint with the government authorities or the Ministry of Agriculture for investigation.
Lerry Sangma tied for 45 off 47 runs with four fours and a six.
Shillong: The residents of Umsyiem, Kong Wang, Dawki, Umkrem and Yiarbamon, have complained about the deterioration of the mobile Airtel service in the area, which has been going on for more than 10 months.
[continued](1) Eyebrows – Do you want to have bright and beautiful eyebrows? Start by threading and arranging your hair to look properly.
According to the residents of Mukroh, while many of them were asleep, they heard the call of the Rangbah Shnong to come out because of the arrest of six residents in Mukroh. Assam Police.
Speaking on Ayurveda, Prof. OP Gupta said, “Everyone in the world knows about Ayurveda and what is needed is to continue to search. He added that Ayurveda treatment is one of the treatments that provides health to the individual as well as to the society. He also explained to the participants about the benefits of Ayurveda treatment especially during the outbreak of COVID-19,” he added.
He said that being a leader is not easy because you have to face many challenges.
