This means that Jesus is the Son of God who has never been in heaven before.
The meeting was conducted by Bristar Mawthoh President of FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 20 : Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized 4,135 bottles of Phensydel containing 100 ml each bottle. -a diesel truck number NL-01-AH-2246 was arrested.
According to the CSWO, the evidence showed that the Dispur police had arrested her and handcuffed her.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi District to take precautionary measures against the spread of the disease. students and the general public.
The BJP has also promised to appoint a Task Force to curb the mining and smuggling of coal which has caused environmental damage and loss to the government.
However, it is possible that the State Government will decide to abolish the Dorbar Shnongs and replace them with Village Councils and Municipal Councils.
This statement by Living Rymbai was released on Tuesday on the occasion of Behdieñkhlam Tuber which ended on the 19th of this month.
I was informed by Bah Sanbor Shullai that he was told not to come to my residence to confirm.
On the first day, the BJP welcomed the entry of former MLA John Antonio Lyngdoh (Bah Dip), while Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War joined earlier after resigning from the party. Congress.
Prestone urged all the political parties to join hands to work for the good of the country and the nation as a whole and not to create any trouble.
Replying in the Lok Sabha during the Zero Hour, Amit Shah said the government has directed all departments that such incidents should not happen again in these days. I will come.
Donbok said that after the MBoSE released the HSSLC results, many students have found it difficult to continue their education.
Shillong, Nailur 2: After a 12 hour curfew, the Sengbhalang today announced a night curfew for three nights from 4th to 6th November.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm this morning, when the woman, who was riding alone in the scooty number AS 01BJ 5904, was from Nongpoh. to Byrnihat, but when she reached Pahamrioh, she was hit by a truck and sustained injuries to her head, which led to her death.
The present road has a width of 3.75 meters and thus the width will be 5.5 metres.
On the other hand, Vinicius Jr.
Regarding the incident, this reporter also spoke to J.Singh, the owner of these houses, who said that the fire broke out. The incident happened at 11 o'clock in the morning, which was also the time when there were only women in these houses, because the men were still going to work in their jobs.
This happened after heavy rainfall due to the release of water by the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited.
Rejoice Gassah (21) and Wellmanson Passah (18) scored two goals.
Toi, although the BJP has set a target of winning up to 400 seats in this election, you know how much, the people of the country and in this state have seen those works of the Government for 40 years. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is led by the BJP. According to the results of the MLA elections, the BJP will face a lot of trouble in this election unless it gets a candidate who gets the support of the BJP. public.
It cannot continue like this even after 51 years.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,042 and the death toll has risen to
But the Jynthoh is clear.
The Apostle Peter preached in the council, “In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, he (Peter) standeth before you whole. Acts 4:1
And this will end at the beginning of the 1st month.
What is the 5,000/- tyngka compared to the life and household?
He said the demand to disclose the names of those who have been infected with COVID-19 is to protect people from this disease.
When asked about this, the CEM said that these gates belong to the Council and have been allowed to be operated by private individuals. 7 days, and if the reply from the management or the tenants is not sufficient, the Council itself will not refuse to close the gate.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have appointed Regional Committees to guarantee the seven areas which are still in the midst of the border dispute in the second phase of the border settlement.
Rechas Dkhar from Jalyiah village is suspected to have been killed by unidentified gunmen.
Ramdev has denied the allegation after being threatened by doctors, but one of his followers, Acharya Balkrishna, has another issue to raise and that is, “This is a trick. to convert all Indians to Christianity and thus, yoga and ayurveda, has been criticized and criticized @yogrishiramdev jee.
The demand also includes the arrest of those involved in spreading false information about doctors through social media.
Jowai, June 28: U MLA Lahkmen Rymbui today distributed a check of T.64 lakh to 57 farmers in the state. On the same day, the Minister inaugurated the Collective Marketing Center (CMC) at Shkenpyrsit village worth T.7 lakh. It was built by the Integrated Village Cooperative Society (IVCS).
Therefore, when the mother goes for treatment again, she does not get these services because her Ayushman Card is marked as dead.
Until now, the residents have not received any information about the 50 sq km project, said Bah Ardent.
Mr. Fourme Dhar was the chief guest and urged the day laborers to work hard in their work and to prevent the influx of foreigners who want to come to work at low prices.
She said that after 7 pm on the 8th of June, vehicles weighing less than 15 tonnes will be allowed to pass through the road leading to the river.
There will always be dissatisfaction because some people are happy and some people are unhappy but at the end of the day, the government itself has to take a decision," he said.
Speaking to media, the DGP said, “In the last four months, from July to November, the police department has worked hard to eradicate drugs from the state. Meghalaya and in the last four months, the state police have seized 3kg62 grams of heroin, 4500 kg of kanja, 150 grams of opium, 145 pills, 11,900 tablets. 18.33 crore through the hard work of the District Police, Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) and Special Branch.
Shillong, Naziung 28: U Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Lathoh Manik Syiem, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the work of the Executive Committee (EC) led by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit as the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
The vehicles were used by various villages, farmers, traders, buyers, groups and various groups, and this helped to transport goods from all over to larger markets.
Regarding the shortcomings in the Police Station, the RBYF leader said that it is due to the government's lack of attention to improve the shortcomings in the Police Station. , has made it unable to provide adequate services to the people from many villages under the Mawhati Constituency.
The facts are why the Mawsynram C&RD Block Group including HANM, KSU, FKJGP, HYC & HUAM has raised its voice on this issue because since 1962, the Mawsynram C&RD Block has been held. Block when it was under the jurisdiction of the Assam Government and was re-confirmed after it gained its own full state and the villages within it are 164, population It is about 54,000 blocks with a literacy rate of 58%, making it one of the oldest Block in the State.
However, due to the increase in the price of petrol, equipment and construction costs, the price of vehicles has been increased.
A complaint has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under Section 20(b)(ii)(B)/29 of the NDPS Act and investigation is ongoing. to those who are involved.
If not, how many of our leaders are willing to participate when the Indian government has removed the word 'Khasi & Jaintia' from the preamble of the BEFR or ILP? One of the things that surprises these leaders, especially the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and his government, is why they don't send police to patrol the border areas like patrolling on the day of the Minister's visit. Government of India to our state.
“This action of the government is an insult and insult to the poor in the society who have to rely on commercial vehicles as a means of earning a living and reaching their destinations,” said the VPP spokesperson. , Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said in a statement.
Shillong: There have been 119 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 192 recoveries and 3 deaths, 2 of whom have not been injected.
The increase in the number of cases is due to the omicron BF.
There we shall be like Porus, no longer able to drive the enemy away.
“If we marry at an early age, we will lose our full health and we will lose many benefits and it will also affect the society.
The Thma u Rangli (TUR) today held a public hearing on the shortage and discrimination of muster roll workers in the Sericulture and Weaving Department.
It was also observed that the dumping of garbage in the Nala has been so excessive that the Nala has been filled with garbage which has been dumped and dumped into the Nala.
On the arrest of coal trucks from Meghalaya, Prestone said that if the Assam police have arrested coal trucks from Meghalaya, why don't they inform the government? However, the Meghalaya government has not received any information from the Assam government on the coal.
Paul Lyngdoh said it is a great honor for Meghalaya to have been known as the Meghalayan Age which is the geological age of about 4200 years ago until
When I was a child, someone told me this story: “A doctor received a phone call from a hospital where there was a patient who had just arrived and was suffering from severe illness.
It was found that these apps were used by the militants in Kashmir to communicate with their supporters who are the militants' assistants or On-Ground workers (OGW), the source said.
We must think about the future how to fight against the spread of this disease especially when the scientific report says that the third outbreak of this disease will be very fast because it is an insect that mutates from time to time.
Ma Lypon urged all the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills to stop the MeECL officials from installing smart meters in their villages and demanded that the MeECL department should hold a Public Hearing before proceeding. Chess installation of Smart Meters.
The report of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) was submitted to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on the 3rd of this month. to take immediate action on this matter and to take appropriate measures.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) will hold a State Level Selection Trial for the 2023 North East Zone Sport Climbing Competition.
He hoped that this government will continue to come to power in the upcoming elections, so that it will be able to implement more development projects in the state.
The two-day championship was attended by players from all over the country.
The Fathers and parishioners of Ummulong Parish invite everyone to witness the consecration and take part in the Eucharistic Procession of the Parish.
About 3,000 people from different ethnic groups attended the event with their colorful performances.
Earlier today, Ripun Bora had sent his resignation letter to Congress leader Sonia Gandhi.
The winners will have the opportunity to represent the state in the Miss Universe pageant, where they will be able to showcase their rich and talented culture on this grand stage.
Also the Management Representative of Star Cement, Devander.
On the occasion, it was informed that the CHC Khliehriat is facing a lot of problems from time to time, due to the lack of staff, the operation is very difficult even for the PHCs and Sub-Centres of the area.
The CEM said the expenditure of the Council for the year will be on the part of the General Administration Department (GAD) to pay the salaries of the employees and to release the outstanding arrears of the employees.
In the ration, only 10 households were given AAY rice, 42 households were given PHH rice and 29 households were given non-NFSA rice.
Shira complained that Marcuise did not produce an outstanding case number GR Case No. 1 of
Thakur, who told reporters before leaving for the opening day of the State Legislative Assembly with the Chief Minister, said, “Bharat mein Bharat Mata, Therefore, the constitutional system is not the same, it is not the same, it is not the same, it is not the same, it is the right to think in a certain way. He said, he will be a fighter against India, he will not accept the Constitution and he will continue to fight against and insult and therefore, it is time to do something against such people).
Shillong, March 07: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) today held a prayer meeting to discuss the issue. The Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021 has been repealed by the Government.
He said that his preparation to contest from North Shillong Constituency is because as a riewmadan he is involved in public service because of his personal contact with the people who suffer every day.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to more than 10,000 so far, while 42,000 people have been infected in China, government officials said.
She said that on that day, the older daughter was ready to cook, so she went to clean the rice outside, while her brothers were inside the house and The youngest brother of the 1 year old was sleeping inside the house and suddenly their house caught fire and as it was a house the fire spread quickly and At that time, the sister tried to get her brothers outside and after seeing that the fire was burning, she remembered that her youngest brother was still sleeping in the house. fire for the sake of his last brother.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : The Executive Committee of the Nongkseh Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the Nongkseh Sports Social and Cultural Club (NSWSC) has encouraged the arm wrestlers from the Nongkseh Dorbar Shnong. They will compete in the International Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Turkey.
Rymbai Presbyterian High School beat Eastern West Jaintia Hills Presbyterian High School 1-0 by Bankerbha Dkhar (28 min).
The purpose of creating Shillong Thymmai is only to evict the land owners and relocate others who are not land owners and this is the purpose of the government.
This delay in salaries has never happened during the tenure of other Principals but it is only during the tenure of the current Principal that the teachers have not received their salaries.
Although the rain was not heavy, the continuous rainfall did not allow the ground to dry and it had to be covered from morning until the umpire announced the decision. at 2 pm to hold the meeting and will be completed tomorrow.
When examining the list of speakers at the meeting, it was found that the name of Kong Phidalia Toi still appears and it is written that she is the Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women.
“Shall we go to the passenger house or how?” asked the mother.
In the midst of nature I still want to stay, Don't be blind, don't be blind.
Prof May gave a talk on the life and work of Thomas Jones, a Welsh missionary, and also on the times when Jones was in India where he worked among the people of Meghalaya and Assam.
During the inspection, U Nongsaiñ Hima said that the traffic police release vehicles every 15 minutes if the line is long.
Whether the introduction of the Sixth Schedule will be closed after 5-10 years.
On other allegations from the AITC, Tynsong said, “I don't want to answer anything to the AITC and who is the General Secretary of the AITC?
The Keep Our Surrounding Clean Youth (KOSCY) SHG today celebrated this special day in collaboration with NEIPS and the North East Institute of Professional Studies (NEIPS). Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) together with its staff, members of KOSCY, Team Nature Care SHG, Wailadmi SHG and Yaityllilang SHG attended the event.
“On November 23, 2022, I promised during a public meeting that I will supply water from the Krishna River to Kuppam after the completion of the Kuppam Branch Canal Project, in which the government in power has rejected.
Why would those cops go at 3 am if they didn’t have a bad idea already.
“We cannot escape from this Act,” said the Act. “We cannot escape from this Act,” said the Minister. and Government Spokesperson, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Shillong: There have been 15 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 13 cases from East Khasi Hills, of which 12 cases are civilians.
At best, the minorities get more than the majorities.
He said that the roads that the government will build now will lead directly to the center of the new government offices in New Shillong.
“We demand that if he is a leader who works honestly and cares for the people as he has done, he should explain to the public how he has implemented in the last five years the MLA Schemes from the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP), the Construction of Rural Roads Program (CRRP), Intensive Arts and Cultural Development Program (IACDP), Intensive Sports and Youth Development Program (ISYDP), Chief Minister Special Rural Development Fund (CMSRDF) and Development of Traditional and Folk Music (DTFM) Therefore, the union will not hesitate to take action against the implementation of these schemes in Ranikor by Dango,” said the statement.
Therefore, MUSO has postponed the online audition for those who wish to participate.
Police also conducted a search operation and seized five small tins containing suspected heroin.
More than 70 KHADC policemen, who have divided into their own teams, have deployed to all parts of the market to close down these shops before the foreign shopkeepers can flee.
Sarvjeet Sidhu, 27, has pleaded guilty to involvement in the murder, while Sukhpreet Singh, 44, has pleaded guilty to the murder. this is the work.
The tournament was organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Friday at the Artificial Turf Stadium, Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
However, it should be clear that if the committee finds that they are illegal, such candidates will lose the opportunity to contest for any government post for life and should be fined T.50,0 /- (fifty thousand) and the amount shall be deposited in the State Disaster Management Fund.
On Monday, 123 people were newly infected with the virus and 253 people have recovered and no one has died.
“With the cleanliness of the fish at this Fish Retail Outlet including the Deep Freser which helps to prevent the fish from spoiling quickly, it will be better to sell the fish to the public, at the same time. He blessed that this fish market will be successful in the coming days.
Police said that they have not yet recovered the Mahindra Pik-Up.
No one knows that life beyond the world unless we reach it ourselves, we cannot see it here and we don't know what it is like.
In these days, it has been seen that the MDA government intends to seek funds from HUDCO for the improvement of the PB (iewpulit).
“The party has decided to suspend these two party office bearers including the Joint Secretary of the Nongstoin Area Unit Body, Bah Marcus Marwein and Kong. F.Marngar, Secretary of the Women's Wing for three years, said that they have been fighting against the party's constitution and in relation to the temporary dissolution of the Youth Wing and Women Wing. “There are some people who want to mislead the supporters of the party by fighting against and slandering the party,” said Jyndiang President of the party.
They also ate the fruit of the ground in these months.
Now why has there been a mass protest not only since the 8th of July, 2019 and so on, but there has been a protest since 2016, 2017 and even in 2018, on this issue. bill ?.
I advised them to gather information and file an FIR at the Police Station; However, these youths did not come to the Police Station from that day until I left Mawsynram.
Because this advertisement does not follow the NCTE Notifications mentioned above which the Government has issued.
In a statement, the chairman of the JAC, Prof Lakhon Kma said that the VC has tried to protect what should not be protected.
To gain fame and glory we don't count even if we devalue the dignity of others and we don't feel afraid to shed blood on others.
“Five of our soldiers from the 21st Bihar Regiment were killed in a shooting about 450 meters inside our area, in which one of the soldiers was injured,” said an officer.
The beautifully constructed round roof of the new Legislative Assembly collapsed on the morning of January 22,
Under the leadership of Mamata Banerjee, Abhishek Banerjee, Charles Pyngrope and Mukul Sangma, the TMC will continue in this voice to achieve the aspirations of the people of Meghalaya,” he said.
There are times, especially in these later years, when there is a single-ethnic system when other non-Khasi people want to become Khasi.
The day is scheduled to be celebrated from the 22nd to the 29th of this month.
“The question is by whose authority Himanta has announced this news, we don't know the development projects, but it doesn't mean that we should just focus on development or one day we will lose again. the right to own.
The Seng will not accept the statement of the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui that the Government cannot increase the deficit of all the 844 Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya.
Ahead of the Parliamentary elections, Lakhimpur district witnessed the influx of members of political parties who left one party and joined another.
He said the government is ready to inform the High Court of these places where the government has decided to appoint land dealers according to its own orders and it will be up to it to take the necessary action.
Days and years passed without realizing that he had three children.
Some schools have already announced the results and have increased their classes since December
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: To honor the leaders of Ribhoi District who have been elected by the people of Ri-Bhoi District in all five constituencies in the last MLA election, the leaders of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) The Legislative Assembly of Ri-Bhoi District today honored the MLAs of Ri-Bhoi District who have been elected by the people as leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State for the purpose of carrying out the duties of the constituency. which was born in Umwang.
“Please don't come.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that everyone has the right to speak or express their feelings and if the BJP decides to leave or stay in the the Government is also their own choice.
Every block has a model school.
Guwahati: Shri Ramana Baruah 6.
“When we resigned from the Congress party, we decided together to form the EC but the decision to leave the party is left to the will of the person to join any party he likes. “Those who intend to contest in 2018 are free to join the party that can lead them to the goal,” said Bah Arbinus Lyngdoh.
He said he had already spoken to the Superintendent of Police of Ribhoi and said, “Why accept the Ejahar complaint from Delhi when they don't know anything about the Prevailing Regulation Act in Meghalaya?” .
Some words like INVALID, which in Khasi is KHREW. When a thought or behavior is influenced or led by others, the English word is INFLUENCE. The Khasi word is SHAH. IALAM.The society of our Khasi Khara has been a good example for the countries of the world especially in terms of the custom of giving birth to the mother.
The Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong Nongpoh, Bah A.Kharkongngor, said that this is a warning to all the villagers that we should not throw our garbage in the streets. or in the waters of the rivers or in the streets of the village.
The word tiar or atiar has nothing to do with the Hindi word 'hatyaar' which means exactly a weapon but is a weapon, because weapon also means material-samagree, equipment-equipment, tool-aujaar. ).
He said that at the last meeting, the government was ready to reopen churches, but the religious leaders were still ordering them to be closed due to the spread of coronavirus.
A prayer that does not work and is not manifested in actions is not a clear, honest, and complete prayer.
Oh, how beautiful the nature is all around the area on the right and on the left if you drive from Nongstoiñ to Nongkhnum.
“I am pleased that so many hundreds of you have come to attend and take the decision with me to leave the party which we have been leading for 15 years,” he said.
Kharkrang said that in the last 10 days, nine Sengbhalang leaders have been summoned but none of them have come.
Of these 125 cases, in East Khasi Hills, 93 cases include 37 cases from Armed Forces, 3 cases from health workers, 39 cases from High Risk Contacts, 7 cases from ILI cases, 2 cases from abroad. Laban cluster, one from Khyndailad cluster and 3 from Raj Bhawan cluster.
She said that from now on, the testing of fish imported from outside the state will continue.
After seizing the vehicle, police conducted a search and seized about 7 bags containing Ganja weighing about 8.6 kilos.
This is the first time that a student from Meghalaya has received this topper rank in the MBA program of Assam Don Bosco University.
The villagers tried to extinguish the fire, but could not.
“The reason why I have reached this level is because of God's presence in my life and the support of North Liberty HSS especially the Principal of the school Richard B Uriah who has a strong spirit to help those who “I am poor and I have the opportunity to continue my education without having to pay anything to attend this school for two years,” said Kamphereiei and congratulated all the teachers and staff of the school who encouraged the students to attend. read the book.
The raid came after receiving information that many mynder ri have come to Lakroh village in Amlarem area. Sub Division and in the border area with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Cabinet today decided to open the National Law University Bill 2022 in the State Legislative Assembly. the 9th of November.
Police, while seizing the bus, conducted a thorough search, which led to the recovery and seizure of heroin packed in 158 boxes of soap. well hidden in the rear sections of the bus.
Hopingstone Lyngdoh, MLA Nongstoiñ, who is also the leader of the HSPDP, passed away on the 26th of July. On the 20th, Marbok Kharpran, former MDC of KHADC, passed away on the 22nd. Tylli Kyndiah, former MLA from Lum Jaintia Hills District and on the 10th of November, Founderstrong Cajee MLA and MDC from Mawlai passed away.
Religion is like our mother.
What they knew was that the Messiah, God's prophet, deliverer, savior and leader of Israel had been arrested, condemned, crucified and crucified.
A man to another man must first judge whether he should give or not when he asks for what kind of person he is.
Mr. Banteidor Lyngdoh will hold the Sports & Youth Affairs, Agriculture and Horticulture.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya in collaboration with Shillong College has organized the Inter College Arm Wrestling Championship on Sunday. Saturday last month at Shillong College which started at 9 pm, with more than 250 male and female participants.
Sharad Pawar said he was a true leader of the NCP, which has expelled many senior leaders who have committed anti-party activities.
It is for this reason that due to the lack of leaders with statesmanship quality in the state, many of our Khasi-Pnar lands have been encroached into Assam.
Michael was arrested and the date was recovered.
Besides this, it was also said that Bah Pynshngaiñ has turned to Pynthor-Umkhrah for the 2018 elections, and has met with many of the elders of the area who attended the meeting. that most of them were village headmen.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The PFR Football Academy, one of the leading football training centres, has been invited to take part in the Under-15 Gold Cup National Football Championship to be held from 21 to 23rd November, 2023 in West Bengal.
Not only that, at these times, the traffic is still very difficult and the house of Bah Ganold, is a regular place of residence, because those who come to Shillong, have to stay for many days. that they may finish their work.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: U MLA and MDC of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and Bah Balajied Ranee MDC on Tuesday inaugurated six development projects in three villages in Nongpoh Constituency including Umklai, Nongtyrlaw and Pahamshken.
Shillong: About 300 ASHA workers under the banner of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) have launched a strike at the parking lot of the Addl. Secretariat today.
The consumption of drugs, alcohol and marijuana has increased and the rape of women and children has also increased because the byrsieh has made them animals.
SSA is surprised to learn that the 14th will be held here inside the stadium as it is currently undergoing renovation.
Prasad said the exact cause of the incident has not been given but it is suspected that the woman was killed by her husband. the weapons of injury used by the husband to rape his wife.
Other speakers at the meeting included Bah GLC Mylliem, BDO Amlarem Sub Division, B. Wajri, DCIC, Waheh Chnong of Moosakhia, Bah D  Shooting.
Thomas said the Central Government on 16th November 2015, has issued a notice to abolish Personal Interviews in Group B, Group C and Group D and on 1st July 2016, The Central Government has canceled the Personal Interview and up to 23 States in the country have canceled the Personal Interview in Group B, C and D. The abolition of Personal Interview should eliminate discrimination in relation to the wrong recruitment in government departments.
He also banned the gathering of more than three persons and more than three vehicles 100 meters around the office of the District Magistrate, Mairang.
When it comes to the market vendors, as soon as they enter the market, they have to walk slowly because the shops along the footpath have been covered with tar until halfway.
Speaking at a program held at the party headquarters in Milan Samaroh, the Congress chief in the state confirmed that there were many international leaders. BJP leaders who were impressed and agreed with him and expressed their desire to join the Congress.
The Executive Committee of the KHADC, under the leadership of Bah Titos Chyne, CEM, who is also Vice President of the UDP, has passed a law for the purpose of regulating the streamline the registration of land in which the people have the opportunity to register through the Village Leaders and Hima Leaders.
The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong Mukhla Nongrim, Muhon Sari in the presence of Bah Rapsang, village members and youth organisations.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the State Government regarding the harassment and trafficking by the Border Security Force (BSF). Traders living in border villages who earn their living by selling food items in the markets of border villages of South West Khasi Hills District.
These conflicts and killings have not won anyone and have not helped anyone.
He said that the VHTs should check carefully those who will return from outside the state once interstate movement is allowed.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 81, of which 49 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Khasi Hills, 20 cases from Ribhoi District, 5 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 1 case from West Garo Hills.
The role of the media should not be biased, but if they still obey the order of the HC or the Government, it means that they are no longer free and will be considered as enemies.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she has suggested to the government to provide more urgent needs such as drinking water, food and medicines to the people living in containment. area so that they are out of trouble.
But don't forget to do the same when they are old and no longer need the love of their children.
In 2021-22, two more schemes, Occupational Health & Safety Management System and Energy Management System, have been recognized by the NABCB. certification scheme.
Earlier, the Shnong and the MLA had directed the DC East Khasi Hills and the PWD department to direct the troops to stop the infiltration into the land of the Shnong. However, the Army did not listen, but went ahead with the work.
Shillong: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has become increasingly strong and this can be seen in the police's efforts to destroy it in recent years.
JOWAI: The West Jaintia Hills District Police Department has set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the trafficking of women and children into prostitution.
Since ancient times, our people have understood this work.
The Congress has won the Kaliabor, Nowgong and Barpeta Lok Sabha seats, which were won by the BJP and the AIUDF. AIUDF leader Badruddin Ajmal has won the Lok Sabha seats. The Kokrajhar Lok Sabha seat in Assam was won by Naba Kumar Sarania, an independent MP.
The FKJGP said that it has received many complaints from the public about the smuggling of timber outside the state at a low price and making it difficult for the state owners to get timber within the state which has caused problems to the poor. he is happy to build a house.
This is one of the initiatives as the Reid Chest Hospital was planned to be built on the site of Shillong Medical College but what has happened now.
In the second half, Mookympad SC beat Dkhiah SC 1-0 in the first half. Meviriki Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the match.
:The Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister will hold a meeting next month to discuss the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amended) Act. , which was withdrawn by the Central Government recently and now, the Government has started implementing the MRSSA 2016 in nine villages in Shillong.
The failure of others should encourage us to reach that goal.
The Court said that citizens who are 18 years of age or older, male or female, may participate under Sub-sections (1), (6) and (8) of Section Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Rules, 2015.
“The lack of ticket from the UDP has disappointed me but if I get the ticket from the party to contest, I am sure I can win,” he said.
He told his name that his name was Ferdinand and so did Ri.
“We demand that its employees should be treated with dignity and respect by paying them at a reasonable price, appointing them, sending them to work according to the times and hours of work with other government employees and giving them the right to GVK EMRI employees like other government employees,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Thma Rangli Juki (TUR) has strongly condemned the bombing of four persons including I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Marsanki Tariang and Shidorki Dkhar. They were arrested on charges of involvement in the murder of Tourist Taxi Driver Damehipaya Papeng and Fullmon Kharsahnoh.
The statement said that Khyndailad is a public land and the indigenous people have the right to protest for issues affecting their ownership rights. “Why if they found us breaking the law they didn't arrest us that day, the leaders didn't talk about racial discrimination but we talked about the truth and the consequences of the Bill through foreigners from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan”.
This allegation was witnessed after an inspection at the site and as stated by the mawria smugglers who are concerned about this matter, it was found that the trucks carrying mawria coming from one The quarry at Maikhuli does not pay the tax at the gate of the Forest Department at Maikhuli and as soon as they reach the gate they walk without stopping and besides that they carry more than the border.
The Election has started again in June 2023 and this magic will continue for more than two months. from this week.
He said that BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai has held many meetings at Kench's Trace, Laban and Cantonment Area, urging the followers to vote and print on the cover of the book this time because the BJP does not stand. candidate.
According to Article 51A (g) of the Constitution, it is the duty of every citizen to protect and improve the environment including forests, wildlife, rivers, and those in it.
The MKJA wishes all the players all the best and hopes that they will continue to play well in other tournaments and at the same time announced that it will hold the 7th Jeet Kune Do State Level Championship in July. it's the last month.
Through this public meeting, which was also attended by the leaders of the HYC Ri Bhoi, it was seen that from the parents and young men and women, they came out to discuss and expose the violence against the victim. that in other nations.
Prof RC Laoo, the chief guest of the meeting, explained to the students of the school the value of education which cannot be sold and cannot be bought anywhere.
Meanwhile, Vice Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, said that the meeting between the three groups was fruitful as the government was also good and encouraged them to continue the peace talks.
There are some types of vaccines that need to be given more often to help your body make more antibodies to fight the disease.
The members of the Expert Committee are Justice (Retired) Dr. Satish Chandra, former Judge of the Allahabad High Court and former President of the Custom, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal.
“According to our customs and traditions protected by the Constitution of India through Article 13, Article 277, Article 372 and the Sixth Schedule, the land in the Bri u Hynniewtrep belongs to the private sector. of the Kurs, Villages, Raids and Himas.
Your lip rong, your parents' honor.
There are 12 deaths in East Khasi Hills and one death.
After the robbery, the policeman threatened to shoot them if they told anyone about the incident.
It is time for us to revive the area so that we don't have to wait for the Dkhars.
Mondal congratulated the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma for his encouragement on how to improve the working methods and how to provide services to the people.
“I don't want to say anything about the other candidates, they haven't reached anywhere,” he said.
According to Dr Laloo, the work on this will continue soon.
Speaking to media, the Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Bah FR Kharkongor IAS, said that according to the last electoral roll published on the 17th of July this year, the number of voters has increased. There are 18,92,716 voters in the state including 9,56,137 women and 9,36,579 men, which shows that women outnumber men by 20,000 and 3067 are service voters.
“The difficulty of running schools depends on the number of students and teachers, some have few students while they have many teachers, some have hundreds of students and There is a shortage of teachers, which is putting pressure on education in these times,” he said, adding that the government has to take a decision to merge or close down the non-functioning schools.
Since this disease has spread in our state, I have seen that here too, there has been a lot of spirit of strife, jealousy, hatred against each other, even among the family members, because of this disease. don't have a bad law to destroy.
He said that most of the women who give birth to children when they go to the PHC do not get treatment, because most of them are sent to Nongstoiñ. He said that it is difficult for many women in the area to travel to Nongstoin and at the same time he said that there are two nurses in charge of the PHC who work hard for the PHC. However, how many people cannot get treatment especially for serious illnesses if there is no doctor.
Lajong's Donboklang Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 22nd minute through Samuel Kynshi.
Furthermore, NEHUSU has raised questions regarding the lack of qualified candidates to be appointed as University Engineer (UE) where many of the names of the candidates are qualified and have worked. “The students cannot accept the actions of the incumbent Vice Chancellor,” said a statement from NEHUSU.
Police have not yet arrested the woman and the investigation is ongoing.
She said that in the old days, they used to slaughter a pig to put the Lung Rynshong and all the villagers enjoyed the pig they slaughtered, but the parts of the krung and those that were clean were thrown away. in the Khara where they put the rynshong stone so that the rynshong stone would not be good.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting to strengthen and prepare for the 2023 elections. re-filled the posts, vacated by resignation, the several office bearers.
“Ka seng also congratulates the founder of the child, even in the darkness of the night, without fear, he went to pick up the child after he was found.
However, Dey said it is up to the state government to take the necessary action.
After the Qualifier, there will be an Eliminator where the two teams will play between Tiehsaw Pengkyllut and Pyndengrei and one of these teams will win the title. To qualify for the final, they will have to play against the team that lost in the Qualifier.
It is worth mentioning that the Sengbhalang has called for an office blockade today and tomorrow on the 27th of this month across the state.
“I'm going to come soon, Kmie.
In the final, Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School won the title by beating Nongjri Presbyterian SS 4-3 in the penalty shootout.
The meeting was conducted by Bah T. Lyngkhoi, JE, Mawkyrwat Sub-Division. Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Stevan Roy Wahlang, District Coordinator, JJM. Coordinator, JJM.Nongstoiñ, Lber, 24: The United Hynniewtrep Movement West and Eastern West Khasi Hills through its President Samla M Nongrem, General Secretary Samla RB Rekon Thabah and Education Secretary Samla Chesterfield Deracle Nongrem, congratulates the youth. The candidates for the Class 10, 12 and other examinations at various Examination Boards in the State this year
The following year, on 29 December 1953, the Government of India took a decision and established the States Re Organization Committee.
He said that all the elders of the area from the Sordar Shnongs, Sengbhalang, the Union of Fishermen and the people have the cooperation to ban the slaughter not only of fish, but also of animals. the birds of the heavens, and all the creatures that live in the waters and in the sea.
The party said that it is not wrong for an MP to make such statements, but the MP should have a clear mind and not just talk nonsense.
“We strongly oppose this order of the ADC. We don't think there is any reason for this office to ask for NoCs or permits from the villagers who own shops to earn money in this area,” said Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang.
From the youngest to the oldest, they came to take advantage of this opportunity to receive free eye treatment from the doctors of Nethralaya, and were also given free medicines.
The Super Division matches on the 25th of November will be between Latyrke SC vs Narwan SC at 11.30 pm and Lamyrsiang SC vs Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC at 1.30 pm.
He also congratulated the former President Rtn.
The three-day tournament will feature three categories of Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 in the men's and women's categories.
Contractual or contract jobs shall not be awarded to state residents who have completed their education.
The CEO of Arunachal Pradesh said that such behavior is wrong and especially that the rapid spread of news is unfair.
This song has attracted many churches especially the youth , not only that , but even the drinkers have enjoyed dancing to her song YNDA NGA LA NOK UN Sun's song is like a wedding without a tungrymbai, it doesn't matter, even I have seen with my own eyes the market song of Bah UN Sun. Ganeshguri (Assam) is still singing a song called, MAMA WHAT ARE YOU? WHAT MOM? This has caused me to rymmuin alone in the market of her song.
“We will leave with the MDA in Delhi after Christmas to follow up on the decision of the House on the ILP,” he said.
JOWAI: The MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have held a two minute silence in honor of (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, who passed away. haka on May 28
According to the rules, the Syiem should not be present at the polling station because he is the judge.
In her speech, MJS D. Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, explained some of the laws and assistance provided by the Ministry of Justice. For women who have been abandoned or abused by their husbands, they can demand food from that man until the woman gets another husband.
K.Patwad, Waheh Chnong welcomed these donations and expressed his gratitude to the organization for its assistance to the poor families at this time when the residents cannot go to work. lockdown against Covid
In this age of science, researchers who truly want the complete health of everyone, say: “Don't think that medicine heals, it is your body that heals itself; Medicines are only drugs that help your body to heal itself.
The ninth phase is to build zonal reservoirs at 6 mer, Lachumiere, Laitumkhrah, Laitkor.
Once again, I would like to greet you dear readers, who are my fellow citizens and I would like to share with you what is in my heart that I have a deep sorrow that I cannot express alone. , without revealing it to others so that others can understand about this part which will be an education and an advice to consider the human being in society, communities, the country and the nation itself. .
The purpose of the Medical Skill Hunar Hub is to provide training to the youth in the field of nursing as well as for paramedics.
A little bit about Bamphalar in the past according to the legend of the elders, that the drama in yungwalieh was a way in which girls did not participate and if there was a role for a woman, men shall take the part of women, whether in the form of young women or old women.
In the ancient Greek world there was a public place called the agora and it was a public marketplace.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, in his speech, said, “This term 2018, has been very unfortunate for this House, where we have lost five members of the House. This is the first time in my tenure as MLA, I have found that this is the first time that this has happened and in public speaking, this incident will never end, but speaking with confidence , this is a matter that we must consider and I believe that God will allow all the members of this House to continue till the end of this House".
“This understanding and intimidation of these people has led to Delicious Bamon not wanting to go to teach at the school until now,” said the Rangbah Shnong Sutnga.
Speaking on the occasion, SAITO Mitsunori, Chief Representative of JICA India Office said, “JICA's support to the North East Road Network Improvement Project Phase 3 (II) & Phase its mission to promote sustainable development activities and to develop the region in all aspects.
Cause of death: Severe Covid Pneumonia.
There have been many changes in society, employment, income, education, and especially in relation to the population of the Districts within the State. and there were also major differences.
Momin, ADE, Apex Committee (HQ-Tura), Pritam Arengh, President, FKJGP, Garo Hills Zone, Sengbath Ch.
Before sending or attracting tourists to visit these mountains, it is necessary to disseminate the news and information that tourists would like and be willing to spend time and money on.
The Nongpoh Town Committee would also like to thank the Urban Affairs Department of the State Government and especially the officers including Kong W.Pasah and Bah JR Rynjah, who have worked hard and through Their hard work has enabled them to implement and implement this PMAY-U scheme which has brought great benefits to those homeless families in Nongpoh Town, said Bah Kharkamni.
Shillong: U Bah Bindo M Lanong today was sworn in as the MDC appointed by the Government.
They also received an explanation on the use of the Suvidha App and other matters related to the Lok Sabha Election
However, whether they score or not is up to them because no one knows or sees.
Shillong, July 22: Political parties and village elders have said that this is the most difficult time for the nation to be in turmoil and in the midst of a fierce struggle to except for the problems that the nation is facing today in the midst of science.
The KSU has alleged that Prophet Tisso has threatened that if anything happens to the Karbi people, Comingson Dkhar of Moojem should be held responsible because he is the one who forced the Khasi Pnars living in Karbi Anglong to vote. Meghalaya and banned from voting in the last KAAC election.
Then NS EW and scale as you go.
Shillong, Naitung 31 : The Laitkor Rngi Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday honored Davyson Kharkongor and Hepbrit Dajied Kyrpang Synjri for winning the bronze medals in the All India Karate Championship. (individual committee -50kg) held at Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh from 15th to 16th November 2022 and in the Wako India Citizen, Cadets and Junior Kickboxing Championship, 2022 (26 Kg) Titami Pt.
According to Professor Morgan, these children have lost the ability to see light which is essential to prevent myopia.
The Auditors include Lamphrang Pohktai, Convener, Titos Bamon, Member and Jlan Kupar Rymbai, Member.
The first is the names of hills, rivers, villages and towns.
Shillong, June 08: The BJYM Youth Wing of the BJP on Tuesday said that it is surprising that the work of the State Transport Authority (STA) at Sawlad, Shillong is not going smoothly. but if the owners of the vehicles do it themselves, it will take many months.
"He said, “The shots are frequent.
Shillong, July 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday denied that the government has any intention of handing over the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) Sohra to the private sector.
In all aspects, the State is at the bottom, from health, education and education.
Furthermore, it also opened the door for the journalists of Uttar Pradesh to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
The union is deeply concerned about the attempts to introduce Dkhars to destroy the income of the Khasi villagers and this will affect the income of the indigenous workers, said the union. Plosbor Kharjahrin, Organizing Secretary, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
The program was attended by Paishuni Kumar, Executive Director (NE Zone), G Kartikeyan, Dy General Manager (Gen) and Devesh Kumar Yadav, General Manager (R) and other officials of FCI. Shillong.
It is our right and duty and to what extent it has to be supported, it is the duty of India because all the citizens of India have agreed and accepted this since 26 January
The Mairang MLA said that the construction of roads is a priority and he hopes that all the villages in Mairang will receive the colored roads as the people need them in times of crisis. , the trade of inheritance and income.
The chargesheet filed by the CBI against the former Deputy Chief Engineer of Northeast Frontier (NF) Railways is related to the illegal acquisition of wealth.
The statement was issued to remove false allegations and warned that those who spread false news, will be punished according to the rules of law, once they can be identified.
There have been 18.82 million cases worldwide and 706,779 deaths so far.
In his reply, the Home Secretary said that the government has done what is necessary in accordance with the law.
How many MLAs will be elected cannot be predicted.
The Chief Minister said that pork should be free from diseases and that the people who eat it should also be free from many diseases.
The programme, organized by the Indian Mountaineering Foundation (IMF), India's largest mountaineering organization, provided training for them.
According to police sources, the incident occurred at about 3:45 pm when a bike (ML 05 T 8168) collided with another vehicle. (L) Kherlin Mawlein driven by (L) Kherlin Mawlein from Marshillong village near Jashiar Bridge collided with a bus number ML 04 A 0715 at Marshillong village near Jashiar Bridge. .
The delay in completion was due to the delay during the COVID-19 pandemic.
When asked what other steps the MLAs will take, Kong Ampareen said that all the MLAs will contest the 2023 MLA elections to hold the post of Nongmihkhmat.
The meeting was held to discuss the issue of implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) by various political parties and leaders. from the Government of India in the state with 11 demands.
Secondly, if the MoU is for the benefit of the people, the Syiem or the Dorbar or the District Council should be invited.
In order to preserve this well, the Dorbar Shnong Umshing-Umjapung Mawlai has signed a soskular to hand over this land to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and relocate the land owners who own land around it. This river flows into the Syiem's ​​Forest which falls within the boundary of Umshing-Umjapung Mawlai.
Therefore, let us not look for other reasons or causes of evil, but let us as Longing Longsem or Parents try to teach our children in our own Rympei, Because it is only in Rympei that we can shape the rights of every human being or the morality of dignity which we can protect from many kinds of evil deeds in society.
They agreed with the statement of the Chief Secretary, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who said, “We deceive once every five years, and the people are deceived”.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The MDA-I government in 2020 has introduced the rules of the Migrant Workers Act,
Referring to the meeting, Bah HS Shylla said that the Iewduh should be the market of the Khasi-Khasei people. Khasi should leave this market.
He said that there are some parties which have been born for more than 3 years who have gone to the people to say that only they can carry the country and the nation. Three years before 10 or 15 years, you will gain more understanding because that is what is needed but don't be too strong when you are young when you are only 3 years old.
It is learned that the HSPDP will hold a meeting tomorrow and it will be a meeting of senior leaders to discuss many issues on the defeat in the election.
In the women's category, Mawkyrwat (SWKHD) beat Nongpoh (RBD) 11-15, while Lynti Jam (RBD) beat Mairang (EWKHD) by -2 and Jowai (WJHD) beat Mawsynram (EKHD) 11-1
The HYC through its General Secretary Robertjune K Jahrin, has lodged a complaint against the Khasi status of Varun and Sneha, sons of Shyam Singhania, before the KHADC office. Khasi Tribe) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued an order that Varun and Sneha are not Khasi at all, according to its laws and customs.
These include EKH: 55, RBD: 4, SWGH: 1, WGH: 4 and WJH:
This shows the decline of society especially for a small nation like ours.
Mairang, June 13: As part of the development of entrepreneurs and talented people of the state and to provide them with the opportunity to develop and exchange ideas, on Friday the office of the General Manager, District Commerce & The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Nongstoiñ, has organized a two-day district level industrial exhibition at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndeng-umiong. Ninth.
This initial action of the Government of Meghalaya has upset many and Meghalaya has lost more than 18 sqkm of land.
While drinking, my mother asked, “Did you come to the market...” “Yes, I didn't come, I just went to Linda's house...” Rida replied, “I just asked if you came because I didn't. pha la slem..." said the mother. Although the mother did not know the truth, the soul of Rida felt guilty because in the truth she went to the market.
Indian scientists in the country and other scientists around the world have strongly criticized the government's implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time. they will all stand at least a meter apart in a row.
“We have tried to collect evidence and if necessary we will conduct a post mortem and we hope that the family members will provide evidence on this,” he said.
This is only the job of the rich and the companies,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
This is a lie and a deception to the people.
After the girl did not return until Friday, the 7th of this month, the mother of the girl and her relatives informed the police of Laitumkhrah Police Station, Shillong. Police have conducted a thorough investigation to track down the girl.
Melvin Lyngdoh (73) scored for Risingsun and Gabriel Lakashiang (48) for Newhill.
“I have sent a letter to the AICC on Monday, I will send it to Bah DD Lapang, President of the MPCC to let him know of my complaint against the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to the AICC,” he said. , said Bah Rowel Lyngdoh while talking to reporters.
In a statement, Air India said the flight will operate five times a week including Monday, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Shillong: As part of the measures to prevent the spread of Coronavirus or COVID-19, the Village Council of Kyndongtuber through the COVID-19 Management Committee, has imposed a ban on foreigners. The Dorbar Shnong Kyndongtuber is not allowed to visit the rivers within the boundary of the village.
“Afraid to watch when the once white hand turns ivory".
The meeting was conducted by Richmond Nongsiej Secretary, HSPDP Rambrai Circle. The meeting was also attended by KP Pangniang, President of the party. come.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Livingstone Rymbai President.
It may also be recalled here that the Government of India – during the British rule in India, the British Government strongly protected the Hynniew Trep (Khasi-Jaintia) people by making the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills a Restricted Area. Jaintia Hills District.
This year 2021, we are only a few months old, but now we have witnessed the increase of this disease in our state.
I would like to inform you that if the government doesn't have the intention to ban vehicles within the district from working and farming while vehicles from abroad are free to come and earn money here, in fact it should be released. First to the small and heavy vehicles operating only within the district and then to those from abroad, we urge once again the government to think first of the people of the state and then of others and companies.
All playgrounds were opened.
Some said that Kong Biolinda has been able to meet people in all the villages in the Mawthadraishan area through the encouragement of her mother, Bah Tuberlin Lyngdoh Nonglait who has been the leader of the area for some time.
We don't ban our fellow citizens who own shops but only foreigners who don't have licenses can't trade here”.
Never before has the BJP in Meghalaya issued a press statement to strongly condemn the anti-Christian policy in India, how can it gain the trust of the people of this state.
“This will pave the way for air connections to cities like Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Chennai, and increase tourist arrivals,” Conrad said in his budget speech.
As we celebrate this memorable milestone in the history of Meghalaya, I also take this opportunity to congratulate the people of the state on this Golden Jubilee.
According to the inquiry from the spectators this morning, they said that the rain has been falling all day and continues today and they don't have any hope that the rain will stop.
In another incident, an officer of the EGH, Williamnagar, lodged a complaint with the police that on July 12, 2016, she had received several phone calls from a man. , whom she did not know, demanded money from her and the man on the phone, threatened to kill her if she did not pay the money.
However, when asked how many people were injured, Bah Rynjah said that the police do not know how many people were injured because they went for treatment.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJWA) today announced the end of the strike against the purchase of cows which started on the 7th of November July 2019.
At the same time, the Minister said that there is no allocation of funds from the Peeng Government in relation to the implementation of the NEP. ) does not have any clear rule from the Government to say that we will allocate so much money to implement the NEP,” he said.
Therefore, the Government should not discriminate or discriminate. 5) The Government should not pay for vehicle fares for foreigners.
The CEO said the largest seizure was of drugs worth more than T.29 crore.
Through prayer and reading of God's Word, active participation in the liturgy, spiritual and moral upbringing, participation in service and preaching, parents make Catholic culture in their homes.
They have already allocated Rs 30 crore for this project.
(Most of the Sikh laws are similar to those of the Hindus).
We went in 2018 to tell the people to allow the UDP and HSPDP to form a government without Congress or BJP. , I cannot accept and I cannot refuse to decide by standing firm on the foundation of the nation, by which I have resigned as President”.
We must also remember that we face many difficulties, trials, poverty, sorrow and lack of adequate support in this work when you started.
Speaking to reporters, many of the shopkeepers in the market said that for more than two months now, the contractor has demolished the old footpath and started They said that the work has been left alone for more than two months and this has affected the movement of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Ka Kong Roshan Warjri on Tuesday said that she has resigned from the post of Minister because she is deeply concerned about the deterioration of law and order in Garo Hills.
With the change of time, people have run up and down, to move around, to move around in search of food to fill themselves but these days, the desire has increased. of man to make money, to destroy the environment, to destroy the waters and so on.
Shillong, March 31: The HANM West Khasi Hills, in a statement issued today, demanded that the DC of West Khasi Hills, Shillong, should prove through sufficient evidence that the HANM West Khasi Hills is involved in the incident. go office.
According to a source, all four of them ate the tit which is called in their village language u tit Tynrai (the type of tit that the people of the village used to eat). , said that they had eaten this tit in the morning and in the afternoon they had gone to their fields and farms as usual but at the time of In the evening, all four of them were arrested and taken to Sohra. They could no longer walk on their own but were taken by the people of the village because it is a village that does not have the right to vote. pat for the road.
“The law is within the Hima Mylliem, but in Shillong, although most of the areas fall under the Hima Mylliem, the Rangbah Shnong has been allowed to elect because they know it is the election of the residents. "said Bah Lanong.
“We have been following closely this issue and we have also taken part in the Parliamentary Standing Committee in New Delhi, headed by Congress MP Anand Sharma. “The EC will monitor the state and central governments to know how far the work has progressed, and to give suggestions to improve it,” said the CEM.
He alleged that the NPP is leading the MDA government in the shadow of the BJP in Meghalaya but the BJP does not need to rely on them to run the government.
On the other hand, Bah Sutnga also handed over the check to the President of AMKA, Bah Hunlang Lytan and General Secretary Bah Ksan Warjri to assist the group in carrying out their activities to promote Karate.
When asked whether he has any desire to have only one ethnic party in the state and whether he will try to unite the ethnic parties, Bah Ardent said he does not want to unite just for the sake of The victory of the elections does not make you want to unite the national parties.
Chunky Panday, Jackie Shroff, Neil Nitin Mukesh and Mandira Bedi also star in Saaho.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong, will be the chief guest at the consecration ceremony, in the presence of all the Bishops of the North East.
However, Russia's FSB announced that Gershkovich had been arrested on Friday on suspicion of traveling to Russia to spy and send information to the United States.
The next speech was delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Marshilong, who is a young man who has been involved in many activities in the area and has helped many people in the field of welfare.
It is in the middle of a person in happiness, but when it walks, the body is a little worthless.
The Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, built in 1846 by Thomas Jones, is one of the oldest churches in the North East.
“But unfortunately, the government has not kept its promises to dismiss all cases against civil society organizations.
He said that he is not satisfied with the stay order but it is necessary to empower the Rangbah Shnongs by law.
The absence of this office in East Jaintia Hills has forced people to leave for Jowai many times for work, which affects the cost of travel. to the people.
The main meaning of this song celebrates the power to achieve what we want in our lives, while also emphasizing the importance of togetherness and as bringing a harmonious community together, according to the will of God," said Sawian.
It is time for those who have authority to examine this.
We expect the state government here to respect the mid-term decision of the Supreme Court and to make a public announcement that there is no compulsion for the Aadhaar Number, but it is up to the free will of the person.
It is alleged that the Syiem has also forcibly dismissed the priests of the Hima including Khain Nongsynrieh, Eden Nonglang, Sakwang, Reling Ramsiej and Amstrong Sanglein.
If it remains silent, it shows that the government also supports or is involved with those criminals who have no right to collect money for their own benefit.
From Tura, the current MDCs are Bernard N Marak, Boston Marak, Riya Sangma, KC Boro, Winnerson D Sangma and Thomas Sangma.
The city of Imphal in Manipur has witnessed a heavy shooting between the guards of a police chief and armed men.
For the sake of his brothers and sisters, relatives and friends, he is ready to listen and be with them in their happiness and especially in their illness and suffering to share their sorrows.
She is also a visionary and reflects on her origins – the origins of the Khasi Khara people, as a human right.
The use of a tuk-thuk to attend the special session of the council is also an example for others to follow this rule to avoid traffic jam.
If we talk about the violation of the lockdown, all the drug dealers and those who went to church on Good Friday and Easter Sunday were the same.
In 2018, the Directorate of Mineral Resources issued challans for the transportation of about 30,300 mt of coal. Tuifill Shadap has been able to transport up to 24,200 mt of coal.
They were identified as Endro Lyngdoh Mawnai and Wendro Lyngdoh Mawnai, aged between 60-70 years. They were taken to Boko Police Station and are currently in Central Jail in Assam. (Guwahati) and these elderly people have been charged under various laws as thieves and robbers but in fact they are only farmers. they should not make promises only during elections.
In Manipur, too, the BJP/RSS combination has brought about a stir by allowing these Hindu groups to become illegal.
“We have great hope that with the arrival of foreign police, I think they will be able to stop the illegal mining in Meghalaya,” he said.
He said the discussion was to provide land, to allocate medical education to the youth of the state.
To do this you need to relate what you have read to other Knowledge or to Life.
And we remember that this same nation was indeed destroyed by fire against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, by those enemies of King Nebuchadnezzar, but they had no home.
After this, Shah came to tied the ball but could not score while Biswa scored 13 runs (not out).
Therefore, as school children, we should always be children who make good use of their talents in any aspect of their lives.
Mawrie said that the Niti Aayog at the time of sending the funds has also given instructions on how to use the funds for the development of the country but these two District Councils have not. They have misused the money.
It may be that when you plan for a clean government, many of them will fail.
In this regard, Junior Parliamentary Affairs Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal confirmed that the opposition's actions show that it does not want to talk about Manipur.
In conclusion, the hundreds of newspapers in Shillong have died, but now we have only three Khasi daily newspapers and three English newspapers. , they demanded justice, because the share from the State Government, in the advertisements, was distributed widely and knieh noh, by the influx of foreign newspapers.
Badaplin War, a lecturer at NEHU and a prominent writer of the nation who has also received the Padmashree Award from the President of the country, has praised Dr Bashida Massar for her outstanding work in collecting history. of the town where she was born and reared with credentials from her expertise as specially trained in the line of Zoology.
He then said that ignorance of the Bible, the Word of God, is ignorance of Jesus Christ.
“Bah DSL Nonglait urged the parents not to allow their children to work abroad without knowing the job description and the job they are doing.
The Governor's action may be due to a wrong communication between the government and the Raj Bhavan and it is necessary to find ways and means to resolve this”.
In the past decades we have witnessed that if the Khasi lead the government, it doesn't last all year but when the Garo lead it, it lasts like a pain.
Speaking to media, the President of the HNYF EKH, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that the HNYF EKH will immediately inform the District Council to close down the 18 collection gates. to the road bah.
The Seng requests the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma and the 36 MLAs from Khasi and Jaintia to urge the government to implement this demand.
All the reasons are due to the increase in population, the development in science and technology, the increase in the number of small and large factories.
In a statement, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said that the HPC is sorry that since the new government came to power, Ministers, MLAs and some groups have spoken against the government. He said that the works related to the relocation of the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong will be completed within the month of June.
However, the police stopped them and threatened them with nar batons which they used to use during protests in Delhi.
The Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) shall set up a DLC to submit projects to the SLC and these shall be submitted to the Central Government. together with them when preparing the project.
The government has distributed this ration to every household in the state.
"The question is why it was canceled at 2 pm and the reason is because the CBI wants to investigate the prime minister's involvement in the Rafale purchase," Gandhi said.
However, they said that the bearings of the bridge need to be repaired, which the government is buying from abroad.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills won the bronze medals.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the three-day Rising Sun Water Fest 2022 organized by the Indian Army and the Government of Meghalaya. Khelo India at Umiam Water Sports Complex.
Woodland Dhaba and Jiva Restaurant were also supported by the Dorbar Shnong of Mawdiangum, Umlyngkdait and were witnessed by the owners of these restaurants including Bah Joe Nongrum. Speaking to reporters, Joe Nongrum, owner of Woodland Dhaba and Jiwat Vaswani, owner of Jiva Restaurant, were arrested. They expressed their desire to plant trees along the road to improve the environment and also to beautify the town of Nongpoh.
This initiative has supported the state to follow up and monitor schemes and receipts, just by pressing the button.
In the Khasi language there are many other words like KYNTHER KA KYNTHAR.
of Meghalaya, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board at his village, Haraganahalli, Davanagere District, Karnataka, on 12th March 2023, where Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh President of the Government of India The Riwar Mihngi Exporters and Miners Association (RIEA) has come to express its condolences to this remote area, about 265 kilometers from Ban Galore.
In this way, the number of candidates and the people who have been elected to the Legislative Assembly, whether in the District Council or the State Legislative Assembly, has increased. or in the Parliament.
More than 1000 farmers have also received free milk through the Meghalaya Milk Mission.
Mbappe, who has made 66 appearances for the national team, has emerged as the leader among his teammates from the same team. He was appointed to the post after scoring three goals in the World Cup despite losing to Argentina in a tiebreaker. to the whole team to win the trophy from the tournament in
Sohmynken is known to be one of the foods that can change the taste of the food we eat.
Shillong: The employees of EMRI 108, under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU), have demanded that the management should resolve their grievances which could affect the services to the people.
He spoke about the small paid and also spoke about bringing about economic development.
" But it has become like a village.
Therefore, the demand has been there, the government has also made it clear in its policies, in which it has also put forward the development of the economy and we have worked hard to encourage those private traders who They should also provide income, so that we can move forward in all aspects of economic development.
Many lawyers who have been junior to Bah Ganold in the past years, including the judges of the Meghalaya High Court.
Besides awareness, there are also rules and penalties that can be laid down by the Dorbar and are the sans of the village.
Because of the presence of these buildings, it is to show a sign of encouragement and pride as well as the strength of the army.
I would like to say I don't want to go into too much detail, especially in the most conflict-affected areas, where we will once again see a slight decrease in conflict," he added.
He said that through this initiative, the government will ensure that they can be monitored from the age of 0-9 years and also from the age of 9 to 18 and 19 years.
He said – I am the Lord, and besides me there is no one.
This collection of articles is entitled Meiieit Speliti Lyngdoh Langrin (Bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) Nowadays, many people know about the Khasi Dorbar. the man and the longrynñieng of the women.
Pranita, Ritu, Afreen and Mansi stood together as fullbacks.
Nongpoh: The presence of several Khasi, who went to buy jhur from Jagiroad area of ​​Assam, with the intention of selling to people in different villages in Sonidan Mawhati area, has caused a threat to the the people who live in the villages in the whole area.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes has issued an order ban ban the import of pigs from other states and districts in the district.
It was also reported that in 2003, during the SARS outbreak, the disease entered humans and then spread to stones and raccoons.
In East Khasi Hills, 46 cases including 5 cases from Armed Forces and 41 cases from civilians, 7 cases in East Garo Hills, 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 7 cases in East Jaintia Hills. There are 5 cases in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District and 1 case in South Garo Hills.
The opposition also said that if the ruling party or the House does not respect the customs and traditions, where will the nation go? “Why should we work with people who violate the rules of law?” said the opposition.
The reason for this is that the contractors for the transportation of timber have been allowed to take wai at a higher price than the forests owned by private individuals across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
They have lost to Indian Arrows, Gokulam Kerala and Churchill Brothers Goa away from home and at home to East Bengal and have beaten Aizawl only once at home.
She hoped that the delay in completing the repairs will be completed within this month and those parts should be repaired so that vehicles will not have to travel another 30 km due to the lack of roads. go to the Bypass.
Shillong: The State Government has written to the Election Commission of India (ECI) to extend the election rules as the MP elections in the state have ended.
Thousands of teachers from East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Garo Hills and others attended the meeting.
Nikelson Bina (Mawlai SC) was named player of the match in the first innings while Hardy Cliff, captain of Shillong, was named player of the match for Lajong against Rangdajied. Lajong won the award.
This scheme is supported by private companies and ensures that those who need further care have access to it.
He said he wants more ministers who want to resign so that they can meet the people especially at this time when the elections are approaching.
In 2013, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs granted a subsidy of Rs 89.09 crore to a foreign dew factory in Meghalaya under the Central Capital Investment Subsidy Scheme
Taking this into account, Bah Wankitbok appealed to the state government to take immediate action to relieve the people from the problems caused by the deterioration of roads in the villages so that the Christmas celebration will be peaceful. not only to worry about the lack of roads.
In Mumbai alone, the number of cases has risen to 44,9
The final match between Tura DCA and Shillong Cricket Association-A will start on the 3rd of June.
“We have informed the security forces inside the court,” he added.
The ADC of Ribhoi, Bah Raja Brahma, was also present as the chief guest, in the presence of Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ribhoi, Bah Sensi Lyngdoh, Raid Nonglyngdoh, Rayonald Kharkamni, Samla Pyndaplang Wahlang, Linus Lyngdoh, Raid Nongpoh, and other dignitaries.
Shillong: The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment (APP) today sought clarification from two Superintendents of Police on the delay in the investigation and arrest of those involved in the rape of two children; one in West Garo Hills District and one in Ri Bhoi District.
Your bapli has been too much for you.
“For many of us, it will be the first time we will be able to play in Chennai.
Due to the excessive increase in school bus fares, some parents of school children on Friday went to meet face to face with the Director of MTC, to hear about the problem they are facing.
A book on the drama has also been published with the title written by (L) Dr. Barrister Pakem, former Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hill University.
The MPUF on Monday met with the Executive Engineer of MePDCL to urge him to take action against the increase in the price of electricity. to resolve the problems of the electricity consumers.
The blood of the parents is passed on to the children.
The DHS said that there is a shortage of staff in the health sector and urged the health workers to take responsibility and take care of themselves.
“Where is the difference (to support the NPP-led EC in KHADC) when the UDP and NPP work together in the State Government.
“When we went to talk to the Chief Minister Cnrad K Sangma, those BJP MLAs were not present and we don't know why the MDA Government has been accused of being The NDA government and on this issue it is the MDA government itself to answer whether it is a supporter of the NDA government or not”.
He also urged that even though we are facing hardships and sufferings especially in terms of daily wages, food and drink, we should be hardworking people in our own jobs and it is hard work that brings us. he is the fruit of victory.
The second candidate is Meghalaya High Court lawyer Walseng M Sangma from Rongjeng constituency in East Garo constituency.
We are now waiting for the new report and the decision will be taken by the State Government,” said Bah Dhar.
Until the end, the opposition could not turn the tide and suffered a defeat in Meghalaya.
However, what is more worthy of consideration is the statements of many thinkers, such as Patricia Mukhim, Rev. Kyrsoibar Pyrtuh, Bah HH Mohrmer, Bah Disparsing Bani, HT Wells and others, on the backwardness of the state. They also criticized the MP for not having time to travel here, a place where even the state residents don't know and have never been, the MP has left Bihar behind. His visit to the Khasi Hills has led Mohan Bhagat, the head of the RSS, to come here and and he went up to the mount of Olives.
Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat, hoisted the flag as a sign to open the rally which was attended by hundreds of students and teachers.
Of course, we will move forward with a bright future,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
This illegal quarrying affects the residents of these areas.
Up to 30 people were injured in the blast. Eyewitnesses told reporters that they saw about 20 to 25 people trapped in the blast. Rescue teams are still struggling to rescue the stranded people.
There are some matters that their legal teams know, we will deal with them when the time comes,” said Dr Mukul.
So far, only three MDCs have been expelled from the party except Grace who has fled.
John F Kharshiing, while talking to Rupang, said that if it comes to an end, that the Indian government does not recognize the agreement between the chiefs and the Indian government, then the Dorbar Hima Khasi, they have to appeal to the United Nations or the International Court of Justice.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held today at Block I and Block II to discuss the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. The meeting was held in two parts at Circuit House Nongpoh. .
He came down to this earth, in the smallest state, and there was no place for him to be born – he was born in a manger.
Shillong: U Bah Bajop Pyngrope, MDC Rambrai Jyrngam, while proposing in the House to introduce the Administrator Rule, said, “At the time of enacting the Administrator Rule, the Administrator has opened various gates of the council. The Council, in which it has also surprised me because in what manner they have opened these gates, whether there has been any invitation for tenders and whether there has been an invitation for public tenders.
For more information, please contact John Kharshiing and Ksan Warjri.
Of the SDGs, there are several goals that affect the whole world.
Delilah was not the only Philistine woman who played a part in Samson's life.
Teachers who have taught for more than 25 years including Maurice Lyngdoh, Michael Swer, Donald Malngiang, Recanus Dula, Nancy Massar and Rosana Kharmuti were also honoured.
The eldest son of the family - Gyanu Dahal and son - Prakash Dahal have passed away recently.
Pakistan has reported 23 new cases in the past 24 hours with 627 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 7,000 and the death toll to after.
Shillong, June 03 : Mylliem and Nongkrem constituencies are the two hottest constituencies in the 2023 MLA elections as the contest will be against the incumbent leaders.
Perhaps in the city , it is not enough that many shops sell according to the price written , but in the rural areas and in the countryside , it has been reported from some shops that there are shops that sell more than 10 tyngka or exceed the price listed on the goods.
Sawar Nongrum scored the second goal for Nohron SC in the 60th and 64th minutes.
“Earlier in the Congress party, we used to go to every household to register people but now after I joined the BJP, people have started to come to the households to register themselves,” he said. Mr. Antonio.
Shillong, November 07 : Gujarat beat Meghalaya by 316 runs in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy. match on the second day in Vadodara.
On the same day, officers of the state government and the health department also witnessed the donation of blood.
God will give him only 3 and a half years.
(3) All waste producers shall be liable to pay for work relating to waste management as directed by the authorities.
Diabetes can occur during pregnancy or childbirth.
“I have requested RTI within IIT Roorkee by asking whether you agree with the Government's allegation against the Institute and I have also asked whether IIT will do anything. “It's part of the insult to the Institute,” said Bah Rani.
He said that the water shortage in Jaiaw and the inability to connect roads to some of the villages will take action from now on and he will request the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to he shall take away this.
They scored 84 runs for Meghalaya for the loss of nine wickets and scored 100 runs.
Karnataka Home Minister Araga Jnanendra during a meeting of government officials has directed the relevant officials to implement strict monitoring foreigners who remain in the country illegally even after the expiry of the period stipulated on the Visa.
Jesus was resurrected because He died, and He was buried, and He rose again the third day.
The reason for the cancellation of the show is due to the lack of ticket sales and this has happened since the outbreak of the pandemic.
In a statement released on Saturday, the GNLA said that the cooperation of the people in the two-day office blockade shows that they too want justice and have supported it. to this organization.
The area of ​​this lake is not less than four thousand or five thousand square feet, the depth is not less than seven or nine feet and there are many fish in it.
“Although it didn’t have fancy packaging, the wine inside the bottle was special.
“Now you can't buy tens of thousands of dollars, just fight once,” said the neighbour.
In the complaint, Kong Suiam alleged that Bah Manner had deceived her to treat and cure the illness of her son Bah Phrangshwa Suiam by deceiving her just to get money.
The North East Students' Union (NESU) has called for an 11-hour curfew in the North East. on Tuesday to protest against the bill, CNN News 18 reported.
Shadap said this is an example of decentralization of waste recovery or waste management which the villages can do in their own villages.
Niawkor Sari (49 & 51) scored the first goals for Risingsun while D. Nongrum (65) scored the second goal for Risingsun.
He said that the suspects were arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station and the three suspects were identified as Esmel Swangre of Mawdiangsnam, Kanthli Thongni of New Nongstoin and Sharlien Swangre na Langpih After arresting the suspects, police conducted a search operation at their residence and recovered a self-made rifle and a wait tukri. Police have arrested Riphul Sing Nongsiej from New Nongstoin for involvement in the case.
Domestic buyers are those who do not want to enrich foreign cigarette companies because they know that they don't have the money to buy cigarettes and cigarettes are a killer.
On this day, the competition was very exciting and exciting with the participation of the people of Mawkyrwat area in which the participants were 14 beautiful girls and 15 boys. They are from all over the villages in South West Khasi Hills District.
First of all, there was an incident of shop burning during the ILP protest, in which clothing shops in Basa Kwai collapsed and one person died in hospital after a shop burnt down in Motphran.
The Bible answers: “Who is the man that is in fear of Jehovah? He will teach you the way you should go” (Psalm 25:12). God bless you, Amen.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone, u Bah Prestone, acknowledged the contributions of this health center to the society in the last 100 years since its establishment especially in the year 2020-2 The state is fighting against Covid-1
Speaking at the NPP joining meeting, Chamberline Marak expressed his concern over the state of law and order in Garo Hills and the state as a whole.
It is the first time for the team to play the Santosh Trophy abroad and we look forward to reaching the goal.
There was also a registration for Aadhaar, MHIS and health check-up.
The reason for the lack of funds by MeECL is not the responsibility of the people as the CSWO knows that MeECL intends to supply electricity only to the dewbilat companies which have received money from the government.
Not only have Brazil lost in the first round of the tournament, but France have also beaten the chess team and are now in the top position. 2 after the team once again won their UEFA Euro 2024 qualifiers against the Netherlands 4-0 and the Republic of Ireland 1-0
He urged the children to avoid illegal child marriage and to avoid any problems in the society.
West Garo Hills won 4 gold, 3 silver and 8 bronze medals while Ri Bhoi won 3 gold, 7 silver and 5 bronze medals.
Two minutes after the restart, Rafael Leao (80min) who came on in the second half scored the third goal through a well placed ball from Fernandez.
The group was formed in 2006 as a Federation and in 2007 the group had the opportunity to take part in Delhi and after arriving there the group had the opportunity to participate in the Federation. to establish this place in Laskeiñ to produce Shynrai Lakadong.
The relatives of these three persons have started to worry after they could not be reached to call them all day.
“The KAAC has set up this checkpoint here for the purpose of collecting revenue and as of now the collection of revenue is limited to any goods brought by the Khasi but the Karbi have not been collected. “There is no tax and the establishment of tax collection gates should make it difficult for us Khasi,” he said.
Mawbynna in Topatoli (Kamrup M) AssamThe Hima Shillong was formed by the cooperation of various raids in the Ri-Bhoi and Ri-Lum Khasi Hills under the jurisdiction of the Basan and Lyngdohs.
Jowai, July 11 : The 20th Open Badminton Championship 2023, organized by the Loompyrdi Sports and Games Committee, Jowai, has come to an end on Saturday evening.
Shillong: U Congress leader and former Union Minister Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday said that the Congress will stand firmly against the BJP government's plan to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). this time now.
The competition was led by Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association. The West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association congratulates all the leading athletes from the district for their hard work and wishes all the players to continue their success in sports not only in the state. level but not to the National Level and International Level.
The winner will qualify for the AFC Champions League qualifiers.
In October, the small village of Kongthong, which has no development schemes, has been ranked fourth in India as the leading village in terms of development and cleanliness.
So she told me to come to her house and take you too...” She turned to Bahnah to listen to what he would say.
The state government may postpone the MDC elections of these two District Councils until
Shillong, Naitung 31: The State Government is still in the dark on the allocation of MBBS doctoral students according to the Central Pool.
Before the qualifiers, India will play ATK Mohun Bagan against I-League All Stars before traveling to Doha for friendlies against Zambia and Jordan.
This is exactly what happened in the days of Noah, when he was proclaiming that God was going to destroy the world with a flood, many laughed, many blamed Noah, and when he built a house many said that he was mad, and others accused him of forty kinds.
The AMASR Act prohibits any buildings within 100 meters around specially protected buildings and may also be up to 200 meters away from these prohibited areas under this Act.
At the meeting, the MLA announced an assistance of T.5 lakh for 14 Local Covid Committees, Dorbar Shnongs and Welfare Committees of 19 South Shillong Constituencies. The MLA also announced that he will provide financial assistance to the poor families including taxi drivers, team drivers, the disabled and others. who have been severely affected by the outbreak of corona virus.
Shudder : means to shudder, shudder is to shudder because of fear of insects or to see something strange; kyiuh is the slow movement of the body due to cold or fear.
It is for this reason that he said that he was depressed and sleepless nights and he came up with the idea to destroy them and thus he formed a rebel group known as the GNLA. my life in the police was the most difficult life, I was harassed by government officials and police officials, I was mentally ill, I was mentally tortured by senior officers and some of Champion R Sangma, who said that he left the police force to form the GNLA, said Champion R Sangma. He joined the police force in 2004 and immediately held the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP).
They also urged the state government not to allow the JHADC's plan to divide its constituency.
We studied in Nongdom for only one year and after that with the help of Pawoh Rinomo Sungoh who had already stayed in Shillong we also came to Shillong in
Before concluding I just put this thought to you like this – Sometimes it is the smallest or smallest decision can change your life forever".
Recife, a coastal city of about 1.5 million inhabitants, has experienced heavy and continuous rains in recent days.
Little Flower Secondary School, Shillong, Shillong, distribution of prizes to the winners and welcome speech by Bah SA War, Technical Assistant. for Science Education, Directorate of School Education & Literacy each state.
Drink plenty of water if you have any illness.
In this regard, we have put a mat hakhamt because we are waiting for the opening of the door.
The purpose of this forum is to bring together and introduce the young people who are involved in the Khasi religion under the theme “Hala thymmei ban tei ia ka lawei”.
Nongpoh: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today welcomed two former CEMs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and one Leader of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar. The two former CEMs of KHADC, Bah Rangkynsai R. Makdoh, Bah CB Syiem, who is also the candidate of the NPP, have decided to join the UDP. from Nongpoh in the 2018 election, then Bah RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, who are also well known politicians in Ri Bhoi.
Conrad said the MCS offices have been entrusted with a heavy responsibility according to the rules of procedure.
And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The Nehru Yuva Kendra, Shillong in collaboration with the Phudmyrdong 'B Sports Social & Cultural Club' The Village Cluster Sports Meet was held on the 2nd and 3rd of this month at Madan Rangshken.
He said that this is the award given by the government to reward the teachers for their hard work throughout the year.
It is learned that from the bridge, borni, which was used by the robbers to set fire, were also found and some parts of the bridge started to burn. the burning of this fire.
Mebanker Sumer 28' and Rechard Nongpluh 52' & 69' scored the goals for Wahiajer Narpuh to beat Nongthymme FC 3-0 Madan Pariang SC won 1-0. Iowankidame Nongtdu scored the first goal of the match in the 42nd minute.
So Israel was willing to stand alone at that time.
This was followed by the deaths of 14 priests due to COVID-19 in other parts of India from 19-23 June.
“I understand that we will never get our rights on this incident because it is the NPP party that was involved and Conrad K Sangma knows well that his man, who was shot. to us," she said.
On the evening of March 3, 2016, Tapan Malakar of Kailashaher, who was the leader of the kidnapping, and his wife, Kong Bada Myrthong, were arrested from their residence in Lumkhyriem, Ishyrwat, Nongmynsong.
“The NPP came to power only in 2018,” said Dr Kharlukhi. “I see that it will succeed in Parliament one day,” he said.
There should be no more those who have been expelled from their homes, or who have been tortured like the father of Aldrin Lyngdoh, who in his own misery, has ended his life abroad.
This is the case which came on 28th November 2011 after Md Illiaz Ansari on 25th November 2011, lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station after his son, who was 5 years old, was killed. The 19-year-old disappeared from his home and after a while he received a letter demanding Rs 3 lakh.
The Independent Inquiry Committee headed by retired Justice RN Mishra has conducted an inquiry into the purchase of equipment, AT&C losses, implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme and Human Resources. Management.
He said that at the time of his arrest on the 25th of July, it was an illegal arrest, because since morning, Bah Rymbai was in police custody but his family members were not informed. “This is against the order of the Supreme Court, after they forced one of his sons to sign a Memo of Arrest,” he said. said Mr. Bevan.
The composer or the poet doesn't accept or speak only in the field, but in the field.
No applications will be accepted after the above date without valid reasons and they will lose their ration due to the misconduct of the Dorbar Shnongs.
The BJP's support for the NPP candidates in Meghalaya may be the main reason why the NPP, which has been described as an anti-religious party, has been defeated in this election.
According to a complaint lodged at Bajengdoba Police Station, the contractor said that he has received a work order to construct the Pre Sedimentation Tank of the Akemgre Water Supply Scheme in District, which has been allocated for the implementation of T.74,64,2
The purpose of the MLA and these leaders to inspect the venues for the Synod services is also part of his talk to the government on the assistance measures to improve the needs of the Synod services including the Synod Ground, water supply, roads and other necessities for the Synod.
Through this letter of complaint, the GSU strongly requests the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action against the company and also to punish the Manager who has been harassing women and children. The complaint and opposition is also to prevent such acts of violence against children.
“Will the government take responsibility or the MDCs for not having to provide information to the people,” he said. Seven MLAs who have resigned from the KHADC are Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Shillong, October 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today announced that the government will The Special Rural Works Program (SRUP) and the Special Urban Works Program (SUWP) have been increased from T.1 crore to T.2 crore per annum for each MLA. people in the state.
If those involved are found, she said, they will be arrested and punished according to the rules of law.
On social media, this discrimination, harassment, glorification and exaltation is very strong and even in society this difference of belief has become widespread especially during the elections of leaders. hearts that are willing to choose their own brothers and sisters, in life and death, relationships with others and the breakdown of marriage because faith affects the health of children, the education, their future and other areas, without thinking about the consequences of such practices.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 70 new cases have been confirmed and 448 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
After the hearing, the Special Court of POCSO Judge, West Garo Hills, Tura has charged the accused under Section 3(a)/4 of the POCSO Act and sentenced him to imprisonment. imprisonment for nine years and a fine of T.5000 (five thousand) and if he fails to pay the fine he shall be imprisoned for another three months.
Others view it as a celebration of Jesus' birth.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : Four villages in Mawsynram constituency have received the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme from the PHE department of the state government through the efforts of an MLA, said the MLA of the constituency. Bah HM Shangpliang on the inauguration day of the Water Supply Scheme at Phodstein.
Shillong: The MPCC President, Bah Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that in 2018, 12 MLAs have left the party and have not contested. DD Lapang, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Dr RC Laloo.
The SPV should include all the Shnong authorities and should take the decision on how to use it.
Shillong: The Indian Air Force (IAF) today clarified that its statement “Tresspasers will be shot” is not a threat, but only a warning. understand the people.
“I am grateful to God and the people of the Constituency for trying to fulfill my responsibilities especially in relation to the schemes that I have distributed to all according to the needs of the Constituency,” said Bah Adelbert.
Proverbs 16:8 says, “Better is a little with righteousness than great revenue and iniquity.” We need to be humbled by fasting to cry out joyfully before the Lord that we have become His children. On 4.11.1840 a special service was held before Thomas Jones left his country in the church at Rose Place in England for many months in churches in Liverpool and elsewhere; parts of Wales held a special prayer that God would guide the missionaries on their journeys.
There have been many announcements on the NEP 2020 and the people involved have accepted it.
It was also decided to appoint more Executive Members to the Presidents or Secretaries of various Units.
The Minister said that there is a need for the opinion of the officers in many areas, and something needs to be done to ensure that the implementation plans will also ensure that the partnerships that will make Meghalaya reached a turnover of $10 billion.
The police station will be closed for cleaning purposes and the police in the area have been sent for medical examination and all those in the area have been ordered to leave. to the Rynjah Police Station, for various purposes.
He said – “I will work.
He also urged them that their joining the party does not mean for personal gain, but as soldiers of the party they have to think for the sake of the country and the people.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs congratulated all the residents of the Shnong and requested for their cooperation for the safety and security of the Shnong as a whole.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today confirmed the new office bearers of the Central Zone at Umsning Auditorium. Casino), which has no meaning and brings only evil and unacceptable activities in society.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has decided to postpone the semi finals of the tournament to the 22nd (Saturday) at the 1st Ground (SSA Stadium).
As soon as the Father was beaten and fell down, the woman was seen laughing with joy.
These training centers are located in Tura and Shillong and the construction of about 8 centers is underway.
The greatest danger these days is not the killing, the conflict and the conflict between countries.
With the support of Salesforce and the Smart Village Movement, the Sauramandala Foundation has set up two training centers as a pilot.
“We need economic development,” he said, adding that the skills of the youth in the field of entrepreneurship are also essential for the youth to get jobs.
The demand of the contract teachers to be recognized is based on the fact that they have been teaching for decades and many of them have spent more than a year looking for jobs elsewhere. Professional Courses of Teaching for 2 years conducted through (D.el.
The wealth of the country does not depend solely on the government or the people but on both sides.
Although the CEM of JHADC has admitted that the money has been distributed to all 29 constituencies, this is not according to the records available in the office of the FAO. It was distributed only to a few residents of Khliehtyrshi Constituency.
The meeting was scheduled to be held on Friday and Tuesday and the organizers of the meeting had to clarify that this was only a prayer meeting for the refugees in the country. Kerala has been hit by a flood.
On the request of the Mawphlang MLA to bring in the number of students who have failed to study from the government in the past five years, even though they have scored between 65 to 75 marks, in these five years, u Conrad said he would try to find out.
The suspect has already responded to the Investigation Officer on the incident.
The cause of the fire could not be known as the light has not been on for many days.
Members of the group have been attacking in many parts of the north and northeast of Syria in recent months.
However, Bah Lahkmen said that the Education Department is not like other government departments, because the department has to sit and work with the daily activities and more importantly. He said that it is only the present MDA government that has taken on all these difficult tasks. to try to do what is best from the best.
The fourth goal of the match was scored by Phrangki Buam in the 90+1 minutes.
The residents discussed key issues such as the ILP, the border, the railway, Iewmawlong and Sohmoh, the unemployment of the youth and other administrative issues, including corruption. .
According to the RTI, the KHADC has issued the no objection certificate since 20th November
“If such grassroots tournaments cannot be held, it will not be possible to promote football.
Tip who doesn't teach.
Persons (spouses, family members, couples etc.) including invitees should not exceed one shipowa from the number of seats in the place of worship.
He said that only this government can bring about development works in all aspects which is not less than hundreds of crores of rupees in each constituency in the state.
It is learned that the flood in Laban was caused by the snowfall in the stream and the stagnation of garbage which has led to the distribution of water to the houses.
The Governor of Pernambuco, Raquel Lyra, on Sunday sent a message of condolences to the families of the victims as well as to those injured in the tragic incident. you night.
I have seen their statement and if we hand over this issue to the VPP, what will they do when they don't know 'A' or 'B' and they don't know anything, they are just trying to lead wrong to the people.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Federation of Garo Peoples (KSU) from War Jaintia Hills District, led by KSU President Laitphar Syngkrem and FKJGP Secretary Reachingson Kongwang, today held a meeting to discuss the issue. On the 19th of this month, they met with the Deputy Commissioner as the head of the district to discuss the problems faced by the people due to the closure of many villages in Jaintia Hills.
By Bah Philip Marwein Today is the World Tourism Day. The 27th of November is the World Tourism Day.
All the graves acknowledge that equal public explanation is necessary so that the youth can inspire their minds and hearts for the future of the future generations in the state.
The abducted man was identified as Bah Riboksing Mawlong, a resident of Siejiong village and a church worker in the same village.
Besides, there are also up to 100 households who have received tins of sopiing, a scheme for schools, for disaster victims, farmland and many others.
There are also those who say, 'The salary you used to get is not enough, you have to cover your head and eyes, you have to work for the corona', and such different feelings.
In a statement sent by Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the Seng, the Seng urged the employees of this factory to join the The HNLC has paid a salary of 25,000 tyngka per month, only to those under 45 years of age.
The group will include Sengbhalang, Religious Leaders, Rangbah Shnongs and various community groups.
In particular, the Seng urges all Rangbah Shnongs and other Chief Executive Members to be vigilant and vigilant against the arrival of Dkhars without permits into the villages, raids and all the areas under the jurisdiction. in their supervision and if they find such, they shall immediately inform the organization to take necessary action.
They said that we want to send a message to all the people of the state that tobacco and other alcoholic beverages are a real threat to the health of the people. Department of Health.
According to the Family Planning Act, health workers should be able to sterilize 5 to 10 men per year in the state.
This decision was taken after an emergency meeting.
In his speech, Bah George said that Sohra is the source of literacy and education, it needs to produce leaders who can speak and advocate in the Legislative Assembly.
In Meghalaya, three years after the introduction of the policy, the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has decided to implement it from the academic year 2023-' , that is, from January 1, 2023.
Jowai: Fifteen coal miners have been drowned for 23 days and rescue teams from across India are working hard to drain the water to rescue them. floods since the 13th of last month last year.
According to the statement, the committee will investigate all complaints related to discrimination against women in the workplace and will resolve the matter within the stipulated time and will also impose penalties on those who find that with more.
Chanki Langbang for Sngi received 5560 votes, Daeiladmi Sungoh for Jingkieng received 2720 votes while Harising Papang for Khlur received 5560 votes. Only 194 votes were received and 220 votes were invalid votes.
Barikor Kurbah scored the fourth goal in the 43rd minute followed by Khongsit (46').
On the 4th of this month, all the units of the Congress in Sohiong have taken a final decision to leave the party and contest from the national party.
Banbuddien Suting, President of FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit, who was the leader of the FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit, said that there have been many illegal workers who have come to work in the village without proper documents. sufficient and those going through legal procedures within the state.
Therefore, they now need markets, transport vehicles, seeds and government assistance to supply water to their farms.
Bah Dkhar said that during the visit, the party found that Hynniewtrep has proper documents and license.
“Phi lait, when shall we go to the market? I have to buy something and I don't know how to go alone...” said Kongthei.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah John F Kharshiing, on Tuesday acknowledged that the implementation of the Instrument of Accession (IoA) signed by the Khasi Hills with India is still alive and well. The implementation of the provisions of the Khasi Hima is now in the hands of the State Government and the District Council.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Sports Shakliar Warjri, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, BFI Secretary General Hemanta Kumar Kalita and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association John. F Kharshiing and others.
Thus, through culture, it plays a major role in improving the income of the villagers.
As we all know that Sohra is the source of knowledge, language, Christianity in Khasi & Jaintia started from Sohra and also Sohra was the capital before Shillong. At that time, Meghalaya had not yet received a full fledged state.
On this occasion, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government has no discrimination against the teachers and has decided that it will soon be able to release their salaries. school teachers deficit every month.
They are Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh (East Shillong), Santa Mary Shylla (Saipung-Sutnga), Dr Jasmine Lyngdoh (Nongthymmai), Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait (Mawthadraishan), Grace Mary Kharpuri (Shella) and Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong (Nongpoh). .
Rahul's visit is part of the party's election campaign but he will not have any arrangements to hold a public meeting such as a rally as he wants to consult with the people first. you're right.
Kat Cha was very happy to see Dukha Iamrem.
The incident happened on the morning of Tuesday 16th at about 8.30 pm at Nongneng Block A. The fire destroyed all the belongings of these two houses. but even though the flames were burning brightly, they did not touch the Bible in the slightest.
The National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN) has responded to allegations by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) that it supported illegal groups in Manipur.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) has announced that the Meghalaya High Court has issued a PIL No. 14 of the scattering of construction materials, which may endanger the movement of vehicles and pedestrians and the parking of vehicles by owners who do not have a parking space in their homes, in a place where there is no forbidden.
India doesn't need ilp, it needs development especially in the rural areas.
He said that the meeting convened by Bah Prestone who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee also discussed how to proceed with the work.
However, the question is in what form and on what basis were these temporary Directors appointed? Furthermore how was one appointed for three years, while the others were appointed for five years when there was no mention in the rules? Another question- How does the Lokayukta appoint these officers? Is it politics? Are these officers political appointees?” Angela said that the strength and independence of the Lokayukta office depends on the clean and courageous work of the Lokayukta. Lokayukta who perform their duties properly in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
To those students who have been appointed, Bah Shangpliang has donated an iPad.
Everyone was shocked and Hep rose to the throne.
Speaking on the occasion, they recalled the works he had done as a young man and many memories that had touched the hearts of each and every one of the members who had shed tears. 4th.
Dozens of houses have been burnt down and many people have been injured in the clashes.
They also demanded that the recruitment of employees through companies or contractors should be stopped immediately.
In a statement, the church members, including pastors and church leaders of the Presbyterian Church, said that the church does not want to confuse the money received with the money raised by one of the shiphew. of fellow believers according to the teaching of Jesus Christ.
“We will continue to oppose the KHADC's plan to abolish the Laitkroh constituency and we will see what the decision of the Executive Committee of the KHADC will be,” said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, one of those who came to take part in the meeting. the holding of a public hearing.
Nongstoiñ, March 12: A 10-year-old girl named Ridashisha K Rongrin, from Nongjri village, West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested. to escape from the hands of the robbers who kidnapped her on the 11th of this month while she was sitting at her father's house on the side of the road in the village.
Shon ha u shap think of NGI. In the end, I believe that the children of the country of Hynniewtrep, we will continue to fight for a brighter future.
“We will look into it and we will not rush this important task,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Two Assam traders identified as Johirul Islam, 45, resident of Goalpara district, along with his brother Sofijur Rahman, were arrested. They came to Rongsak market once a day to sell their own food items such as bread, bon and others and it was here that the members of FKJGP demanded a trading license and punished them. .
The event was enriched by a special song by Commander Lyngkhoi and a dance by Rikupar Syiemlieh.
The bones, jaws and muscles are functioning and strong and this will also help the blood vessels to tied better, to circulate better and to cleanse the unclean blood and to circulate good blood throughout the body. .
The District authorities of East Khasi Hills have launched an anti-rabies vaccination campaign for dogs across Shillong to fight against rabies in the district.
We lose together with jobs, I worked very hard.
You have about 30 calories.
This initiative has also led to the appointment of about 400 new doctors (Regular) in July 2023, within the Health Department, which expresses the intention to improve the services in the Health Department. There are many hospitals in Meghalaya.
He urged the people to be patient as the problem will always exist and there is no escape from the power outage according to the time and circumstances.
Our choice will bring improvement and change.
He said that as it turns out, the Campaign For Change (CFC) of Bah Pynshngain has also started doing politics to preach around the area.
“In this Ranikor election, the Congress will not get a candidate and if it does, it will not get anywhere,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Not only in Maharashtra, but in Rajasthan, up to 80 percent of cases have been reported without symptoms.
Shortly after, the Ministers of Mylliem Hima visited the shopkeepers of jhur and jhep who were smuggling in the market. route.
The Hornbill Music Festival will be held at Naga Heritage Village in Kisama, Nagaland from November 1 to 10,
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 1st June, 2013, said that the implementation of scientific coal mining will be completed within 60 days. The provision of documents is nearing its end.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who won from South Tura Constituency, has returned to Shillong to meet with the leaders of other political parties to discuss the formation of the new government in State.
The Dorbar Shnong shall punish those who violate the rules of the Shnong Authority and the Government Act.
Police have recovered a 7.65 mm Pistol, four rounds of ammunition, a long knife and cash worth Rs 4 lakh.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) today released the results of the Final Year BA (Hons) examination with 2,425 candidates passing, or 89.91 percent. .
The number of cases was confirmed by Dr Kh Sasheekumar Mangang, Additional Director and Spokesperson of the Manipur Health Department.
The state government should prove that the assets of the violator of more than Rs 3 crore should be frozen by the government authorities.
After the explosion, there was another heavy shooting in the area, but it is not known who was involved in the shooting.
She said that Kong Belinda has three children and all three of them live with their mother.
It is not right to count the tyrud ka smer that the soul of the deceased, the wounded, the tyrud ka smer, follows us.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held led by Franky Joshua Lyngdoh who explained the work of FCDS which works on projects in the rural areas including the Lakadong Mission and Bamboo Mission of the government and helps the farmers in to produce and market their agricultural products in collaboration with the government.
The meeting was to discuss the progress of the amendment of the 6th Schedule.
Debbarma also alleged that Luzinho Faleiro had misused Congress election funds in Sikkim.
Shillong, Nailar 06: Despite the warnings of the police from time to time not to be fooled by thieves on Facebook and other social networking sites, many people are still fooled and this happened to a woman who Facebook has been charged up to T.2 lakh.
In my opinion, all these are lies.
Joe has planned to join politics this time and according to reports, he has planned to join the UDP and will apply for a ticket from North Shillong in
Shaniah also pointed out that the unemployment rate in the state is not the salonsar between the Garo and Khasi Jaintia people while most of them go only to Garo.
About 80 youths, men and women and 32 YMCA members from all over the country, attended the NLTC. The program lasted for three days.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the website of the government company www.meecl.
He said that the leadership of women is one of the parts to encourage the work of the elderly and the youth.
The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Mynska, Ma Suklang Lapasam and speeches were delivered by Ma R Shadap, District Mission Manager MSRLS, West Jaintia Hills District Coordinator, Bah B. Block Project Manager Laskein BMMU and others.
Therefore, it is up to each of us to ask ourselves what our role is in this great struggle called democracy.
If this is true, you should not search for another song.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024, Ri Bhoi District, today announced that the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 will be held in Ri Bhoi District. The tournament will be held from the 9th to the 11th of this month at the NSCA Mini Stadium.
Pynkmen said that the most shocking thing is that even in uninhabited houses, the electricity bill reaches thousands of tyngka.
Rudy Shangpliang scored 52 runs while Siraj Ali of Nongpoh Town Club took three wickets.
The Center will be supported by the District Social Welfare Office, West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) for the benefit of the elderly.
However, Nangkiew managed to score through Roikhihbha and Khangmiki in the 35th and 43rd minutes.
Another patient is Dr Naomi Conslaves, 29, from Mumbai.
The purpose of the Agro Horticulture Expo through the Government of India is to promote the Mission Organic Value Chain Development in the North East Region. produced by farmers can be marketed all over the world.
And the KHADC will appoint great and patriotic leaders to lead that mass protest.
He said that the chaos has affected the people and especially the patients.
Another question is whether the sports department of the state government has been involved with these school sports events.
These trees and the vehicle were handed over to the Incharge of Forest Range Office, GHADC, Tura.
Besides, as it appears in the media every day, it has been seen that the border residents are not happy and are strongly opposed because they have just heard from the news that they have been deported to Assam.
These members of the MDA house are very good at pretending to be united inside the MDA house while outside the MDA house they are fighting and lympat each other.
We should talk about the issues that affect us from the smallest, especially like this Covid 19 pandemic we have faced many problems and we see the shortcomings of the Government except those whom we have elected.
“The Prime Minister will convene a meeting to take a decision on this and the meeting will be held soon,” said Bah Tynsong.
I thought that some of those Manars had come to Jirang.
On the other hand, Assistant Professor of Commerce Department, Banrilin Lyngdoh, who is also the Program Officer (PO) of the National Services Scheme (NSS), Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, said: He said that the rally was organized by the students of Higher Secondary School and NSS Volunteers of Sngap Syiem College as part of the efforts to spread the message to other people. They should know and understand that they should avoid drinking or eating tobacco which destroys the lives of people where many of us people get diseases in many ways just because people drink and he did not eat the fruit of the Duma.
When asked whether James Ban had informed him that he could not attend the meeting or whether there was any reason why he could not attend the meeting, he said, “Yes, we have not received any information. " said Mr. Adelbert.
In November this year, the State has also announced a special scheme for the people of the State through the CM-Elevate Program scheme for self-employed entrepreneurs so that they can improve their income. and especially to the youth of the state so that they can stand on their own feet.
Justerwell Tham should have scored in the 65th minute and Banehskhem Khongsdam should have scored in the 65th minute but in the end the ball could not be saved by the goalkeeper.
“It is to be recalled that the discovery of bodies in the coal mine in Psiar and East Jaintia Hills in the past months has shown that the souls of the innocents have disappeared due to the misuse of the disease by the selfish people,” he said. he added.
Therefore, the two state governments should take action and do something about this.
HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle President Edmund Khongngai said that the HYC will soon meet with the authorities to provide security to the border area especially to the Riwar area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Traders and Transporters Association (ATU) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the harassment of traders due to the government's increase in weight bridges.
Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya and MLA of the area, praised and encouraged the club to continue to hold this tournament every year so that better players can emerge. name in this area.
The public will have to be very careful in terms of food and drink especially to avoid eating too much.
Therefore, he urged the management, teachers and elders to cooperate with him so that the plan to bring about change and development of the college can be achieved, he added.
In another development, it was learned that the Congress party is ready to punish Bah Pynshngaiñ for allegedly not supporting the Congress candidates in the mid-term elections but supporting other candidates. Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said that the election will be held because it is not an election that should have been held but it was created by the resignation of the MDCs. He also said that it is difficult for him to preach to anyone because the PDF is a group that has been formed by all the ethnic parties.
Regarding the landslide along the NH 44 (E), the PWD Nongstoiñ Division, on receiving information, has immediately sent the contractors to clean up the road. The PWD will take action to clean up the area so that there will be no disruption to the traffic.
I have been selected to participate in India's Talent Fight Season2
He said the TMC is a party that looks only at the rich and discriminates against the poor.
" (I Corinthians 13).
“Today I felt like I was shocked that someone was looking at me and it was the same person who was looking at me before we were here,” said Ban.
The Naga Students Union Shillong (KSU) has shown the history of the Naga attack in Shillong in the film 1978-KSU SHIRTA.Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) led by Commander Shangpliang as President and Alfonse Birth as Secretary has visited Borato village. Mukroh village to explain on agriculture.
Shillong: An earthquake was felt in parts of Shillong and Guwahati at 10.16 am today, local media reported.
He said that some of them have spent T.1500 per day, others have spent up to T.6000 per day just to cleanse their bodies because of drug addiction.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The KSU South Central East, Pynursla has urged the banks to accept the farmers and the people to open accounts for those farmers who do not have accounts to deposit at this time.
The child sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
The VPP has refused to enter the Main Secretariat and has ordered its members, led by Dr Ricky Syngkon, to submit a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The Urban Affairs Department was headed by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang.
Other cases are from Dima Hasao, Hojai, Biswanath, Dibrugarh, Kamrup, Karimganj, Cachar, Udalguri and Lakhimpur districts. Dibrugarh, three in Kamrup, two in Karimganj, one in Cachar and two in Udalguri and Lakhimpur districts.
Beneficiaries can also complain to the Sub-Inspectors – 8414806738/9
They come in the morning and leave in the evening.
Because it is said that mining is one of Peru's biggest sources of income and accounts for about 8% of the country's GDP.
The Executive Committee (EM) in charge of the Land Department, Bah TW Chyne, said this after the EC meeting. it was decided to raise it.
Therefore, we would like to announce your contribution to Sohiong Constituency and the state of Meghalaya as a whole,” said Bah Samlin.
The Public Toilet was constructed under the MDC scheme at a cost of T.3 lakh and was inaugurated by Umroi MDC, Bah RR Kharbuki as the chief guest.
Ri Bhoi followed with three gold, two silver and three bronze medals for a total of 10 medals.
The house is the property of two in one bloodline decorated by those who will come from behind and those are the children.
“Are you the Linda you told Deisy about?” he replied. “Yes.
The name of Bah Synshar was announced by the President Rangbah of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh at a large meeting on Saturday.
These youths will also complete the COVID-19 test and the date of the test will be announced to them when they leave for the offices in the district.
The question that arises after receiving this statement from the IOA is whether the MDA government is ready to host this biggest sporting event in the country.
The Madan Student was destroyed, the Motphran was filled with people.
““I am pleased to share this opportunity with you as we all know the vastness of the North Eastern Region of India, besides being rich and diverse in its customs and traditions.
On the other hand, the leaders of the union urged the government authorities to take action to strengthen the search and rescue operation of foreigners who enter the district and the state as a whole. At the same time, the members of the Seng urged the Village Authorities and the public to cooperate with the Seng and to inform if any foreigners enter the villages. thaw.
However, we have been unfortunate in the past that we have a Prime Minister who has said no to all the issues from the ILP to the demarcation and for this reason there has been no progress.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi said that the two KSU members were arrested from Sohra on Monday night.
“This is the year when all the parties have prepared for the elections and it is not the right time to bring in the NC,” said Dr Mawthoh.
“Ka AJYWO also urges the Elaka authorities of Sutnga Elaka not to allow Nepalis to set up their own villages and also to become Rangbah Shnongs within the boundary of Sutnga Elaka. These Nepalis who are in Umthe area now because of this inability of foreigners to establish villages and Rangbah Shnongs themselves within the borders of our country this will put the small paid community of “We are in a big trouble in the future,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
He said BJP leaders including Indian ministers will accompany the Prime Minister as well as Chief Ministers from the BJP-ruled regions like Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur and Nagaland.
This is not the case with other symbols of riewhadem because they do not contain sugar, but instead of sugar they contain starch.
After the incident, the school immediately suspended classes and declared a holiday at noon.
According to Pyndap, it is understood that if the opposition led by Process comes to power, they will hand over the road to the government and the government in agreement with the Ministry of Transport will hand over the road. The road from Nongstoin to Domiasiat has been constructed at a cost of T.324 crore and they will surely benefit from this money.
NEHUTA President Prof Lakhon Kma said the Association stands against the VC for the sake of protecting the future of the University.
Enacted – Enactment Any bill proposed in the Legislative Assembly must be enacted separately before it can become a full law that can be implemented in the society of the State.
In the Under-14 Boys' category, North Liberty HS School beat Little Flower HS School, Ummulong 4-2 by tie-breaker.
The three persons came from Chennai on 19th June by Shramik train and arrived in Dimapur on 22nd June, said SD Pangnyu Phom, Health Minister of Nagaland.
“There were heroes who came from the house of the Syiem to protect the dewmet like Tirot Singh, there were those who came from the house of the trep to protect the dewmet like Kiang Nangbah, there were those who did not carry a sword. , stieh but they carry the khulom like Soso Tham, Bah Desmond Kharmawphlang and others to protect and strengthen the nation,” he said.
Hill Farmers Union (HFU) President Commander Shangpliang talks to VM Singh in Delhi.
At the same time, the Committee said that the Meter Reader should be able to speak the language especially to the illiterate households and should be able to communicate with the public as he is a public servant.
According to the order of the District Magistrate, the dumping of pesticides in the rivers has polluted and poisoned them and has resulted in the death of the dohum dohwah.
The three accused, who are Indian nationals, started leaving Dhaka along with five women on Saturday.
According to the estimates, there are about 78 villages affected including more than 2000 residents, in which there has also been a loss of life in Ri Bhoi.
“I also received T5
We know that for every road project, the money allocated does not go all the way to the construction of the road.
Welljune also showed letters to the committee on other payments through him and one of these payments was to the lawyers. paid T.7 lakh to VJ Hansaria to fight the case (NGT and other cases in the Supreme Court) and paid through NEFT. T.11 lakh in cash (which shows the documents received). On 7th October, 2015, T.50 was paid through NEFT to P.Jose Advocate, Council Matters. On 19th July, 2016, T.1,21,000 was paid to Hansaria Advocate and T.45,000 to Silley Singh Consultant (Delhi) (no documents shown).
There are many people nowadays who fill their living rooms and bedrooms with plants that can be grown indoors and these habits are what attract a lot on the appearance of the beauty of these rooms .
One of the clubs selected for the award is Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club, which has received the District Best Youth Club Award 2021-2 the sam by Mr. P.
“At present, the revenue of the state is Rs 45,000 crore which still needs to be improved.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, chairing the 41st meeting of the GST Council, said that the decline in income this year is due to the work of God. The GST collection in the year 21 was T.2.35 lakh crore.
Kynjai Thongni Publicity Secretary NNSSCC said that the tournament will be held in November 2018 and the prize money will be T.5 lakh including the first prize and the first prize. second prize.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the Aadhaar registration has resumed and those who wish can come to Karma No.16, of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Khliehriat and at the Block Offices of Khliehriat and Saipung during the working hours.
“It is gratifying that the media in the state and the country has increased its efforts to improve the quality of life of the people,” he said.
These recruitments to the NHM were announced last month for Mid Level Health Providers through the order of DHSMCH and FW/NHM/MLHP/20/2023/III on 25th July.
“I have spoken to the central government agencies, and I have urged them to work together to bring about justice.
Kohima: The State Government in Nagaland on Tuesday banned Government Doctors who receive benefits through the Non-Practising Allowance (NPA) from providing treatment in private health facilities. The Government shall take action against them within six months.
Ao said discussions are ongoing at various levels of the party, where they will take a joint decision whether to continue or withdraw their support for the government. this shibmon.
The construction of the Sub Center started in 2011 and was completed in 2012 but it could not be opened due to the lack of staff.
Shillong, July 06 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to monitor the implementation of various schemes of the central government to find out which schemes the people do not receive.
For his own purpose and that of his people, it has been very good but there is a bias because other areas which deserve to get districts have been rejected for political reasons, which is well known. lut until dpei.
DK: My advice to everyone is that hard work, self-belief and perseverance will lead you to great achievements in your life.
Some experts said that the State Government could follow the example of the Karnataka Government to implement the rain harvesting plan.
The meeting was conducted by Rev NS Phawa.
The investigation was conducted by the Estimate Committee of the State Government which visited the school building and submitted a report to the Government.
New Delhi: BJP MP Parvesh Sahib Singh Verma has strongly supported the closure of all beef shops on the day of Navratri, which was ordered by the Mayor. He demanded that all beef shops should be closed across the country on that day.
The 'Im' looked at that soh.
Today's students are no longer like the students of the past.
Therefore, the second goal is to provide all the health facilities.
At the end of the month he received his salary although he had to pay some for the car.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the NPYF Ri Bhoi Sepngi, on Tuesday, left to help a family in Umkadhor village, after the house lost all its belongings, in the fire. it happened in the past few days.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoin as the Chief Guest, Bah HM Shangpliang, Secretary to the Education Department, Pastor WP Marbaniang, Moderator of the KJP Western Synod, Rev LP Nongkseh; Secretary KJP Synod Sepngi, Rev.ER Kharkrang Senior Executive Secretary KJP Synod, Rev.S.I Iawphniaw, Chairman CED KJP Synod, Dr.RM Lyngdoh, Principal Synod College Shillong, Rev.SS Majaw President Governing Body, ExRT Shacung Secretary, Rev.SS Majaw KJP Western Synod, Rev. Dr. SI Iawphniaw, Dr. M Rani, Vice Principal of Synod College Shillong and others.
Earlier, the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the market has 112 shops and adequate parking spaces including cold storage.
Many candidates for the post of President and General Secretary of the KSU have expressed their dissatisfaction that the former EC of the GSU will run the party, and said that before the elections it was dissolved. the EC, and the former EC should no longer continue the activities of the party.
Arlang Khongjee and Shiningstar Khongthaw were elected as Chairman and General Secretary of the Pynursla Branch along with other office bearers, said a statement from J Khongwir, Publicity of Living Bridge Foundation.
Earlier, Principal Secretary (Home) KS Kropha said that the first duty of the police is to maintain peace and take strict action against those who violate the law.
Shillong: A young man living in the city of Iewmawlong or Punjabi Lane, loves animals and this love has led him to buy legal animals to keep inside his house. .
Praising Ma Moonlight Pariat for contesting the MLA election three times, the MLA of Khliehriat said that it is Ma Moonlight's love for the Jowai Constituency that he has decided to contest again this time. year 2023 and inevitably for the fourth time a glorious victory will be achieved.
“These incidents are the failure of the government intelligence agencies, although the government admits that it has many intelligence agencies to know the plans of the armed groups but they have not been able to prevent the attack. and the detonation of IED bombs in several places in Shillong as we have seen,” he said.
The hearing will be held again on 14th January, 2023 and the government will have to explain the progress of the construction of the landfill which is planned to be implemented before the end of the year.
The Manager of this Network, Bah Basan L.Nonglait, said that the Network was launched after it was found that many of the villages such as Nongpoh which is the District Headquarters of Ri Bhoi District also does not have a cable operator and therefore the people cannot watch Khasi programs like PCN which everyone wants to watch, and they have to come to Shillong to watch.
Corporate employees come and stay for a short time and leave," he said.
They are the ones who know and understand especially about these customs and traditions of the nation.
The curfew for children under 10 has also been extended, but children must be accompanied by their parents when going out.
Other countries affected by the virus are the Netherlands, Germany, France, Belgium, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Sweden, Poland, Croatia and Ukraine, according to the European Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC).
The AJCA team was coached by Yoohimitre Patwet.
He said that the HYC is not an organization that doesn't listen to anyone for its own benefit.
Besides this thoughtless announcement by the Prime Minister, he has not done anything to prepare for the implementation of the NEP 2020 especially in higher education level, he said. Dr. Kara.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has invited the public to support the Umjer Band, which is currently in the competition for the title. of India Got Talent.
We should not blame only the MLAs. We need a strong government.
They drew 1-1 with FABB Kolkata beating Siliguri Blind School.
Mulait Bri Sumer SC beat Mulait Bri Sumer SC 1-0 in the final match at Lamyrsiang Stadium on Tuesday.
Polling stations in Guntur, Krishna, Nellore and Kurnool districts have been disrupted due to malfunctioning EVMs and voters who were in line at 6 pm have been allowed to exercise their rights. to vote at 400 polling stations in the State.
Besides, the name of the candidate from Laitumkhrah-Malki could not be released due to a difference of opinion between MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh and MDC Neil Antonio War.
The cleanliness drive was also supported by the Village Organization of Upper New Nongstoiñ, KSU, HYC, HANM, HANM and other organizations. FKJGP, the office of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District and others.
Now, they want to become Syiem, Sordar and Rangbah Shnong to have power and authority to protect those whom they lead.
On this occasion, the teachers also received some information on the problems faced by the school in the past 40 years. challenges for the welfare and bright future of students.
“We urge the non-Khasi people to appreciate the fact that the Khasi people have continued to fight for their rights for more than 76 years (1948-2024) in which they have suffered. problems from trade and political interference by foreigners and from the failure to implement the country's commitment to the agreement in terms of the Annexed Agreement within the framework of the Instrument of Accession which has been signed and approved by the Government of India and the Khasi people for 76 years,” said Bah Dkhar.
In a statement, the Seng stands firmly on the grounds of urging the state government to register the land within the boundaries of the state as a whole.
The Public Hearing scheduled to be held in Khliehriat is different from other Public Hearings as the District Administration has set a rule that only 100 people can speak at the public hearing. because of the spread of Covid1
Som Parkash today visited the Civil Hospital Nongpoh to inspect the condition of the hospital and after that he held a meeting with government officials at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Ri Bhoi District on the implementation of government schemes in this district which has been recognized as an Aspirational District in the state.
This means that man must understand that God has given man the responsibility for the welfare of society as a human being.
Avidrian Samwan Lato and Givenson Ryngkhlem have been selected for the tournament to be held by Bengaluru FC. Bengaluru FC for the trial and only Avidrian and Givenson were the two youngsters who played well and impressed the coaches with their talent and were selected to play. sa to the last even of this trial.
And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the kings of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people, and rule my people. Israel” Matthew 2:6.
“Children should have the spirit of sportsmen and sports lovers and should always remember to have a humble spirit,” said Bah George.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HNYM) has demanded that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, should open a Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Jowai.
Although Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang has led the state in many competitions, she said that she has not received the full support of the state government.
“I am these days, it is closer to see such dances especially traditional music and we need to find ways to revive once again these traditional music”.
The Minister also urged all those involved in this project to keep in mind the goal, which is to save lives.
Akhilesh Yadav has strongly criticized the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh for using a puh shilum to do anything against the officer.
“However, the District Council has not yet set up any agency to look after its boundary,” said Laloo.
On the other hand, the CEO has asked for time and the High Court has given him three months to gather information on the installation of the polling stations and the photographs will have to be displayed.
All State Government and Revenue Offices, Courts, Schools and Colleges will be closed on this day as it is Sib Singh Syiem's ​​Day.
“There will be a time when people will come here early in the morning to see the Makashang Mountains which can only be seen during the rainy season,” he added.
They went to meet with the prime minister's office without an appointment, because no one can enter the prime minister's room without an appointment.
Alexander L Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that 8504 samples have been sent for testing, 8094 negative and positive. There are 27 cases, one death, 12 recoveries and 14 confirmed cases and 383 results are pending.
God will forgive the sins of Israel and when the election for the 1,44,000 Israelites, to judge them.
The disease has started to spread to the people, as in previous years to avoid the spread of Covid-19, the people have to wear masks, but now they wear masks.
Encouraging the SF-10 Commandos, Director General of Police (DGP) Rajiv Mehta today said that the SF-10 Commandos will be equipped fighters in the forests. and to be able to use in all types encountered even in the rain.
Shillong: The State Government has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to find ways and means and send to the Government its recommendations so that the Government can take action to address this issue. the problem.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, said that they will now write down the decision taken today and after writing it will be sent to all the members of the committee. and after thorough examination, they will send it to the Standing Parliamentary Committee.
The EC, on arrival at Mukroh, met with the elders of the village and visited the border areas of the village along the Barato-Mukoi hill road and at the Zero Point known as Mut in Siang Kwai, which is about 10 km away. 3-4 km from Mukoilum Police Out post in Assam.
He said that if you look at the population, the Khasi are more paid than the Garo, because the Garo now have about 9 lakh while the Khasi have about 15 lakh. especially after the introduction of the Roster System.
Nongpoh, March 05: The Ri Bhoi Synod College, through the English Department, has organized a Literary Fest known as Reflection as part of the opportunity for the students in the district to showcase their talents. They are related to literature such as poetry, short stories and others.
Later, the people talked about the news, that the UDP has tried to find the right person to hold this constituency in
The second prize is T.50,000, the third prize is T.25,000 and the fourth prize is T.20,0
Indeed, the Jewish nation has grown prosperous in all respects, has lived in peace and security in the land that the Lord has promised them, and that the nations of the world have watched over them. their enemies shall smite them.
“I have decided to contribute T.40 lakh from the MLA scheme to 800 farmers in the constituency, but when I calculated, this assistance is still insufficient and I found a 100 days bill scheme through Land Development. One of the MGNREGS projects can also help,” said Wailadmiki Shylla.
The level of education is the source of knowledge but the thoughts are the source of knowledge.
In a statement, the SSTP leaders said that there have been cases where the network has been cut off for months and this has affected the people, as the recharge fee alone has cost hundreds of rupees. The SSTP leaders have also complained that these companies have started doing business in the area, but without thinking about the needs of the people.
One thing that is clear is that the MLAs do not do their duty before raising questions in the House.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has issued a resolution regarding the killing of day laborers on Tuesday. June 2024 in Shillong.
He said that as the new leaders of the Circle, they should be ready to leave the heavy responsibility for the people of this area and to continue to carry forward the goals of the Circle. the Seng by completing the remaining duties during the term of office of the former leaders of the Seng.
He said that the District Council is already a member of the Regional Committees set up by the Government on behalf of the Council. The Notification of 1951 is correct and most of the land in Block-II falls under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khyrim.
Mission's Kenstar Warshong was named Man of the Match.
A short speech was delivered by Bah BL Nongbet, DSO of Ribhoi District and encouragement was given by the chief guest, Kong Isawanda Laloo.
When we turn to the situation of the Congress party which is the party that the people of the state have wanted to rule again in the state.
This will be broadcast on TV as follows: 20/12/20 (Sunday) at 6.00 pm – on channel 27620/12/20 (Sunday) at 8.00 pm – on SASCOM channel and youtube/ 20 (Sunday) after PCN – on channel T7 Participants in this service were Rev Dr ER Tongper, Director TESPRO, Jowai Choir, Serenity Choir and Gospel Triumph Choir from Shillong. SKJCLF and others.
After these, the next five batsmen managed to score only 23 runs until they collapsed before the end of the over.
Of the four largest cities in India, Delhi has the highest number of cases.
Furthermore, in West Khasi Hills, the destruction of coke factors has continued and so far the destruction of coke factories has been completed in 4 out of 57 factories.
(95
“In this regard, I have informed you that these petitions will be sent to the Committee of all political parties and also to the Expert Committee.
Israel: The land of the wars.
Speaking to reporters, Donkupar Sumer, EM (Market) said that besides the arrangements that have led to the peaceful settlement, the CEM is still leaving him as the inspector of the market, and this happened. When the CEM visited the market, the EM in charge of the market did not have any information, said Bah Sumer, who did not comment on the visit to Delhi. Another reason why Bah Sumer alleged that the meeting had already decided that the tax on goods arriving at the market should be 50 kilos or more. However, he was surprised that at a meeting held at Motphran on the 12th of July, the CEM announced that it was 35 kilos.
“When we fulfilled our duties as Ministers, we swore to exercise our powers properly without any fear or prejudice for anyone, these are the words we used,” he said. Speaking to reporters, Bah Lyngdoh said.
Nongstoin, July 4: The Congress party in three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut, Rambrai Jyrngam and Nongstoin, is no longer in question. until the party is over.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some farmers from Mawryngkneng and Upper Shillong who earn their living by dairy farming said that since the outbreak of covid 19, they have not been able to sell their milk to the shops. and those who send milk to the government (Govt.
Man (Thai speaking) 10.
Following the resignation of Leela Samson on Friday night, another board member, Ira Bhaskar, resigned on Tuesday.
In this regard, the Police Department has clarified that the news spread on the website 'Exam Daily' is false and urged the public, especially those who have applied for police posts not to believe such false news. .
However, it is with the encouragement of the government and when they cannot stand anymore, they have to call the government officials to close down.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: On the 16th of this month, the West Khasi Hills District Police have launched a campaign at Madan Lyngdoh, Nongkynrih under Pynursla Police Station to enlighten the residents of Nongkynrih District to avoid evil.
In South West Garo Hills, there is no high risk contact.
Armenia has claimed that two Azerbaijani soldiers were shot down and three Azerbaijani tanks were shot down, but Azerbaijan has denied the allegations.
The deceased was identified as Kitboklang Tangsang (18) and the seriously injured was identified as Ehdawson Suting (22). 18Wed.
The KHADC, if it still has the Laitlan people, should demand a “SYSTEM of RECALL” or a “rule to remove the elected Nongmihkhmat who do not comply with the rules of law”.
Nidamon Chullet, NPP Jaintia Hills, was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners.
Narendra Modi has been alone at his home in Ahmedabad since 9 pm today, where he sat alone to watch the election results for three hours. It was only at noon that he left to go to the house of his mother, Hiraben, 95 and he also showed a picture of himself with his mother, who blessed him. of your son's son.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 743 today, bringing the total to 13,798, up from 637 a day earlier.
Conrad K Sangma said the appointment of ministers in the government will depend on the parties in the government and he has nothing to say on the appointment of ministers, but it will depend on the party. He said that if the parties in the MDA government propose, on his part as prime minister, he will accept what the party proposes. decide.
Tomorrow, the 14th, Laitkroh Sports Club will play against Mawkroh West at 2 pm and Diengpasoh Sports Club will play against Mawkroh West at 4 pm. against Mawlyngngad Sports Club at SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo.
The UDP has prepared to remove Bah Pynshngaiñ from the post of CEM on the end of the dorbar and said that it now has the number to form a new Executive. KHADC said that there are about 17 MDCs in its group.
In ancient times, the citizens of Sparta, one of the cities of Greece, were an example of an extremely strong citizenry.
They advised the farmers to use shunna to reduce the acid content.
Pariat said that the follow-up today is to ensure that the people should get clean water by expressing that they do not want to get water from this river like from the Myntdu River.
Two UDP candidates for LLB are Krison Langstang from 26-Sumer and Marki Mulieh from Jowai North.
Amit Shah said he would revive the CAB at a public meeting held by the BJP in Assam.
The work of the nation is not a game.
Mr. Siworning Sayoo Village Headman Madanrwai
Now Jesus is no longer in the flesh on earth but his works and teachings are still alive and active.
Remember that the good deeds you have done day and night for the nation will become a monument to your name from generation to generation.
Mulang Ïalong opened the scoring in the 12th minute through Jeri Dhar.
The Chief Minister said that in 1917, 700 MT of farmers' products were transported during the months of curfew in the state. There are about 20 or 30 vehicles carrying agricultural products and before the Independence Day, about 250 to 300 vehicles will be deployed to carry agricultural products and these vehicles will be given to the youth to use and that they may carry these mar rep.
“The government has taken seriously this unfounded allegation and will file a case against Gokhale,” said a statement issued by Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Planning Vijay Kumar.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Convener of NEDA, said that more than 3 or 4 lakh foreigners have already stayed in Assam since the Congress rule.
Nambie became famous after she showed “Eat Your Kappa” on her YouTube channel which promoted the food and culture of the North Eastern region of India.
Jain congratulated the CEO and Managing Director of Bansara for the success of this project.
The tournament, which was divided into Under-14 (Boys), Under-17 (Boys) and Under-17 (Girls), was attended by 43 schools from West Jaintia Hills District. don't take part.
In North Garo Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
What surprises us as the Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hills who have the right to know and see a clean and transparent investigation, why the police department has not been able to conduct the investigation for two years. to complete or receive prosecution sanction from the State Government? What is the reason? Whether the law differs between the small and the big that corrupt officials who have been named cannot be prosecuted or punished for corruption.
In 2010, he was elected as the Moderator of the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes on Saturday issued a micro containment order in Lumrymmu village.
Those arrested include Rakseng Ch Marak alias Geloram of Kolabari Rongsak in East Garo Hills, Krewingbirth S Sangma alias Gongga of Deku and Jambil Ch Momin alias Jamindar. Walban R Marak alias Bawil from Siju and Tarzan Ch Sangma alias Ruby from Nongal.
While the Central Government has authority over UIDAI and its database, the Data Protection Bill exempts the Government from The UIDAI has made it clear before the Standing Committee on the Data Protection Bill that it too should be exempt from the provisions of the Data Protection Law or from the provisions of the Act. protect information about people that UIDAI has collected.
Shillong: There have been 26 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills District today.
The RBYF Leader said that the RBYF strongly warns the people not to pollute the river, as it will affect the beauty of the river and if the RBYF finds If there is anyone who pollutes or throws nier into the river, the union will not hesitate to take stronger measures against the perpetrators.
He said that 2287 samples have been sent for testing, 2178 negative, 96 awaiting results, 13 positive and 10 positive. Two persons have recovered and are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. while one person has died of Covid-1
In the past few days, UP Naik, Commissioner and Secretary to the State Transport Department, said that there will be 140 new buses, which will arrive. from the Government of India, to be paid to the State.
Ration consumers are advised to withdraw their ration through the ration distribution shops.
Shillong, November 21 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) and the Games Technical Conduct Committee (GAS) will meet today. John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA and Chairman of GTCC to speak for the Meghalaya Games to be held in July 2024 in Tura.
The Dorbar Chnong Dulong, Jowai on Saturday distributed food items to the residents of Jowai who have been forced to stay at home due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
The strike will continue on Monday, 22nd of this month, 2024 if the Government does not comply with this request.
You won the tie-breaker 4-2
In the match between the two teams, Habandarisha Shangpliang was named Player of the Match.
“The management of the team that tried the scientific mining of coal has already informed that this work has just started and has just started to dig inside until the mining of coal has started completely. that scientific technology will take up to six months to start.
Malki FC although they tried to turn the tide but Mawkhar FC won the first title by beating 2-0
He said that they will meet with the MDCs of the JHADC to discuss with the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) authorities and to immediately remove the toll gate. brought the confusion.
Bah Donkupar Sumer, one of the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi and who has recently left the party, has strongly criticized the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi.
Lutituber Ialong has reached the semifinals after beating Kseh Sylle Ialong 4-3 in the quarter final of the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament (WJDSA). which will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Because the disease has spread to almost every household and it is not yet possible to cure the disease, only one drug and many of the patients themselves do not survive after getting it. to these diseases.
In the first half, Krang Area vs Weilyngkut, the first half was a very interesting match as both the teams fought hard to score the first goal but due to the strength. Both the teams didn't have any goals until the end of the first half.
Shillong: In the first semi final of the Meghalaya U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament, Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (BCA) beat South. Garo Hills DCA are leading Zone 2 by three wickets after Ankita Sharma scored 5/14 at Umbuda Ground, Nongpoh today.
The MDA government led by the NPP in Meghalaya is in dire straits.
He said that the scheme was launched on 1st November, 2023 and the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA) has launched a campaign to review the objectives to be achieved under the scheme. .
US participants, on the other hand, changed their diet to those foods that included junk food and prisbin.
According to police, the incident happened at 3.30 pm on the Shillong By-pass near Tyndai Resort.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is one of 500 Indians named in the Panama Inquiry into Rs 11.5 million in foreign investment and tax evasion.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 16th June said that he is involved in talks with the Ministers from Assam on the issue of border dispute.
“The warrant for the arrest of Bernard was issued by the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Tura.
Many good deeds have been done by this Chief of Police in EJHD even after a few years of his tenure as DSP of EJHD. EJHD Police have seen that various crimes in EJHD have started to decrease and disappear now than in the past,” said the leaders of these four organizations.
On Tuesday, 211 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
While the men were sent to the fields, they looked at the fields.
When will that day come? Don't put these question marks.
Ms Ïaraplang Pakma said that the training program was established on the basis of improving the income generation especially of the young women by training them to start their own businesses so that they can stand on their own feet.
Police are searching for the arrest of Kartus R Marak, a contractor of Araimile, Tura.
The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association (EKHDCA) will hold the District Selection of Chess Players from East Khasi Hills District on 29th July and 1st November.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 100 people have tested positive for COVID-1 13 cases, 9 cases from East Khasi Hills, 1 case from Ri Bhoi and 3 cases from West Garo Hills.
When discussing another issue, which was raised by the MDC, it was seen that the EM in charge of trade, Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, has tied the table and smiled, because there is an allegation that the The construction of the 4lane road from Umshyphi to Bañiun, is due to the desire of the department to issue licenses to the employees of the company which is constructing the road which costs about 1 crore tyngka.
Through the search for patients, they have also paved the way to provide timely testing and treatment.
There is no sign of any illness or injury in the body of the woman.
Don't pass only five (5) subjects.
He said FOCUSS will also urge the Ministry of Home Affairs to set up a committee and to include ADC members from the North East regarding the amendment of the 6th Scheduled.
Therefore, he appealed to the people who have the spirit to promote sports to lend their right hand so that it will be for the benefit of the talented youth.
Shillong, November 9: The Hima Mylliem this morning has convened a meeting with the land vendors. About 40 land vendors have attended the meeting at the Hima Mylliem, Mawkhar.
After completing class xii, they can take an education loan for higher education, she added.
Paul said this is his fourth time in the Cabinet and it will be a blessing to the constituency.
corrupt minded leader.
The former NPP leaders from Nongpoh were welcomed by Bah Brolding Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan, in the presence of Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary UDP, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President UDP Ri Bhoi District and Bah Allantry. Dkhar Dkhar Vice President Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Andrias Syngkli and others.
In the second half, the match became more intense, as the players fought hard to score and win the title and it was at this time that Dong Nongthymmai, won the title. to score and which lasted until the end of the match, which ensured the team to become the champions of the tournament.
According to this scheme, the working hours should be 100 days per year.
In the second leg, Lamlynti SC beat Mawlynrei SC 1-3
The damage to this field was due to the illegal mining of the land by the company.
The signs of shortage of schools in one of the government schools in Ri Bhoi District have come to light on Tuesday after the students sent a letter to the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People ( FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District to request for help to them to overcome the problems they face at school.
The CEM said that no decision has been taken yet on the land and in the coming days, the Government and KHADC will visit the land at Mawdiangdiang to see if it is suitable or not. to build the new office of the KHADC and the Council has discussed with the Engineers regarding the land requirement and to examine whether the 20 acres allocated by the State Government is sufficient for the construction of the new office of the Council.
Hans Raj Hans, BJP MP from Delhi, today suggested that the Jawaharlal Nehru University should be renamed after Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The injured youth was taken to Boko Hospital and later shifted to GMCH for further treatment.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Wankerlang Lamare.
The letter was sent to Salman Khan and his father and was found at Bandra Banstand in Mumbai.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Government of Meghalaya will soon meet with the Government of Assam to seek cooperation in the fight against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Ah where! do you have knowledge? We don't encourage children to think and imagine.
Para Ri baied, how can we think about how we can overcome the problems caused by the infiltration of foreigners not only in our desires but also in the voice, the oath and the spirit that we sing in the form of our songs? praise the poiwir and bless the poiwir for bringing good, peace and light to this country? Perhaps you wonder why I say that, the reason is that the patriotic song is also an oath, a promise for unity, hope, desire for victory and so on. .
Shillong: The Arts and Culture Office, Shillong has responded that there are 40 programs conducted by the department from 2016 to 2018.
Put away pride and wisdom, and be willing to accept the guidance of those who are older.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Commercial taxis have hoisted iong flags on their vehicles around Shillong and Khapsor today. Insurance has increased from T.6756 to T.13,300 in
Patil demanded that the hospital should be held responsible for the deaths of 30 patients from November 30 to March 2 and that an inquiry should be launched against the doctors. who is in the hospital.
Before the march, all the people gathered at Polo Ground and carried and erected flags and placards with various slogans to show their opposition to the NGT has banned coal mining in the state.
The MLA said that since he won the election in 2018 until the end of 2023, he has distributed schemes to the people of Rs 12.81 crore.
After that, HANM, Laskein Block Circle also asked for help to meet him.
Click here to obtain: Report in English (Flyer in Hindi, Flyer in Hindi, FAQs.
He said that at a recent meeting, the BSF troops had given witnesses to the BGB troops about the presence of insurgent camps in the north but the problem was that those in Bangladesh had given one. name.
Not only that, soldiers were seen digging a grave near the NHS Nightingale hospital in London.
Regarding the demand of the group, Willstone Sohshang, leader of the Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement, while speaking to the media, said that the group has always demanded that the government should implement the These are the demands, but until now it has not been able to implement any of them.
His hat-trick came off the first ball of the next over when he dismissed the fourth wicketkeeper Nabam Jenam.
Besides the land and troops, Hamlet also wrote to the MLA about MUDA's announcement that Lawsohtun, Lummawbah, Umlyngka and Nongkseh will fall under the jurisdiction of MUDA and the Meghalaya Building Bylaws 2011 will come into force. in these areas and the residents should comply with the rules of the Meghalaya Building Byelaws 2011, so that the MLA will take the necessary action.
It was also found that he was the man who demanded money over the phone from the suspect, and it was also found that he became friends with the accused through Facebook after he ordered them to They went and took the money that was demanded from the slave.
We often say, “Water Is Life," but do we think seriously about this statement?
“The people should understand that if they vote for the NPP, UDP or the ethnic parties, it is like voting for the BJP because they have a relationship,” he said.
NEHU invited for prescribe form application for Professional Courses i.
He said that these days the soh phan falls on the ground because it is ripe and cannot be eaten, because on one tree there are hundreds of soh and to be carried by man to the places. Therefore, even if the strongest carries a few, he cannot carry four.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, on Tuesday said that if the police arrest you on any day, you will not be afraid. and the nation.
In a letter sent to Ma Rymbui, the UDP through its Chief Adviser, Bah K. Pohshna said, “The UDP War Jaintia has decided to support the decision of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia. The Dorbar Pyllun on the 15th of this month to request you to suspend and talk to the Government authorities to immediately suspend the proposal of MeECL to hand over to the Company for the collection of electricity bill .
This shows the maturity and manliness of a person.
Meghalaya has reported 780 deaths from COVID-19 with four deaths on Wednesday.
On the other hand, sociology and anthropology can explain the origin and history of different peoples around the world.
Ribhoi District 24 cases, East Jaintia Hills 4, West Jaintia Hills 8, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1 and East Khasi Hills one.
Sutnga Nongkhliew, NPP, Shanbor Lamare (UDP), Bisharbha Pala (PDF) and Michael Nongtdu (INC).
Those who wish to participate can collect the form from the DSO office during office hours.
Anyone who wishes to receive information or lodge a complaint in connection with the Lok Sabha Elections may call the following numbers; 1950 / 18003453802 / 9485432400.
Thus, after many centuries, the prophecy was fulfilled.
Ma LD Suïam as an expert in the explanation said that it is the people who destroy the environment and it is the people who should take responsibility to improve it.
Photo credit.
“But I feel that in a struggling country like India, for example, a struggling country where we still need a lot of time difference, how can you talk about “One Nation, One Election?” ," said Mr. Paul.
Many expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's lack of attention to agriculture, which is the only source of income and livelihood for the people of the State.
Throughout the day, when they met with Conrad K. Sangma, these NPP leaders and leaders, informed the Prime Minister, that there are many villages and places in Ri Bhoi. , that the people still need a lot of infrastructure work in the villages.
“The people of Rambrai area in the past had to walk long distances to reach the Block offices but through the opening of the Block in Rambrai it will bring closer the people and the Block” he said to Conrad.
Speaking to media after the Congress meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the Meghalaya Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has turned the state around. “Through the NPP's support for the CAB, the state has the right to get the ILP and the MRSSA should also be implemented in all the border areas of the state,” he said. .Hit Brake.
Constipation and diarrhea are caused by dehydration.
Eastern West Khasi Hills won seven medals, including three gold, three silver and one bronze.
“To achieve their goal, these Hindu extremist parties eventually formed the BJP “To capture the political power.
AIS SujaAfter Paul's conversion on the road to Damascus (Syria), when he became known as Saul of Tarsus, he became one of the most powerful preachers by the power of the Holy Spirit, converting many souls. (Souls) are worthy, according to Acts 9:1
Nongpoh, Lber 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has suspended Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka following a complaint against him. Bah Wanphrang Syiem has been appointed as the full Sirdar of Nongpoh District Council.
